I 
. 
. . . 
' 
I 
Rainbow®
Children's 
Hospital 
It takes a lot to treat the little. 
-.BirthRighf
BY RAINBOW HOSPITALS 
Your Right to a Safe Delivery 
August 17, 2022 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Symbol: RAINBOW 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001. 
Scrip Code: 543524 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor call- Financial results Q1 FY23. 
Ref: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Require9ents) Regulations 2015. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investor call held on August 9, 2022, with regard to 
Financial Results of the Company for 01 FY 23. 
The said Transcript is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed 
through the following link: 
https://www.rainbowhospitals.in/investor-relations/reports/Analyst%20Concall%20Transcript-
Q1 %20FY23.pdf 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rainbow Children's Medicare Limited 
AII 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Rainbow Children's Medicare Limited 
Registered Office: 8-2-120/103/1, Survey No. 403, Road No. 2, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500034 
Corporate Office: 8-2-19/1 /a, Dau let Arcade, Karvy lane, Road No.11, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500034 
Hyderabad: 
Banjara Hills· 040 22334455 I Secunderabad - 040 42462200 I Kondapur IP - 040 42462400 I 
Kondapur OP - 040 42462100 I Hyder Na gar - 040 42462300 I LB Nagar - 040 71111333 
Vijayawada: 
Currency Nagar - 0866 6669666 I Governorpet - 0866 6650250 
I Chennai: Guindy - 044 40122444 
Bengaluru: 
Marathahalli - 080 71112345 I Bannerghatta Road - 080 25512345 I Hebbal - 080 35061555 
Delhi: 
Malviya Nagar - 011 66888866 
Visakhapatnam: Health City, Chinagadili - 0891 3501601 I Siripuram - 0891 3501555 
CIN: L85110TG1998PLC029914 
info@rainbowhospitals.in 
www.rainbowhospitals.in 

 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
Rainbow Children’s Medicare Limited 
Q1 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour and 13 minutes 
Management Speakers 
• 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla – Chairman and Managing Director 
• 
Mr. R. Gowrisankar – CFO  
• 
Mr. Saurabh Bhandari – Business Analyst 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Praveen Sahay, Edelweiss Financial Service 
• 
Pritesh Chheda, Lucky Investments 
• 
Bansi Desai, JP Morgan  
• 
Girish Bakhru, OrbiMed 
• 
Prashant Kutty and Madanagopal Ramu, Sundaram Mutual Funds 
• 
Rahul Jeewani, IIFL Securities 
• 
 Alankar Garude, Kotak Institutional Equities 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Nirav. Welcome to the earnings call of Rainbow Children's 
Medicare Limited to discuss the Financial Performance for the first quarter 
ended June 30, 2022. We have with us Dr. Ramesh Kancharla – Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. R. Gowrisankar – CFO; and Mr. Saurabh Bhandari 
– Business Analyst. 
Before we commence, I would like to share that some of the statements made 
on today's call could be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks 
and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the Q1 
FY23 results presentation that is posted on the company's website and the 
stock exchanges. 
I would now like to invite Dr. Ramesh to make his comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
A very good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Quarterly Call for 
Rainbow Children's Medicare Limited. I hope you all are well and healthy. 
So, the COVID is still lurking around across the country, we continue to take 
measures like a mask. Just not COVID, there are many other viral infections 
what we've witnessed today. So, I'm sure it would protect us from the other 
viruses as well. So, this is our second conference call since listing. I feel it's 
important to recap our model, as some of you may be listening to us for the 
first time. 
Rainbow Children’s Hospital network comprises of 14 hospitals in 6 cities with 
a bed capacity of 1,500. Our pediatric services under Rainbow Children’s 
Hospital include Newborn and Pediatric Intensive Care services, Pediatric 
Multi-specialty Care services, Pediatric quaternary care, including organ 
transplantation. Birthright by Rainbow is an integrated perinatal services, under 
which Obstetrics is offering normal and complex obstetric care, multi-specialty 
fetal care, and gynecology services. Rainbow Children’s Hospital is built on 
strong fundamentals of multidisciplinary approach with a full-time consultant 
engagement model to serve 24 x 7 in a child centric environment. These are 
the 3 core fundamentals of a children's hospital. 
On this basis, the children's hospitals have been built across the world. To 
reiterate once again, multidisciplinary is something very, very core philosophy 
of children's hospitals. Team of doctors have to work together to deliver great 
results for sick children. And also, the doctor engagement model has to be full 
time 24 x 7 because it is emergency based specialty. Children centric makes 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
really all the difference at a Children's Hospital. These are the core 3 
fundamental for children's hospitals across the world what we have seen. It is 
a very differentiated model. It is very organically built. Always we keep an 
institution first approach, and our unique doctor engagement model works as 
a full time in teams rather than silos to deliver better results. We follow a Hub 
and Spoke operating model for wider coverage of the city. The hub hospital 
provides comprehensive multi-specialty pediatric services with an advanced 
tertiary and quaternary care services. While the spokes provide an emergency 
care in pediatrics and obstetrics with a large outpatient services and inpatient 
services for obstetrics and pediatrics with a level 3 NICU services. Rainbow 
runs one of the largest academic training programs in the country in the private 
sector, offering postgraduate residential DNB training program and as well as 
fellowship programs. 
Regarding our performance for Q1, I'm very pleased to share with you that we 
have witnessed our business normalizing close to the pre-COVID levels, with 
all the operating parameters demonstrating a healthy growth compared to the 
previous quarters. With the schools having reopened across the country and 
children returning to a near normal life, we expect to see significant growth in 
our outpatient footfalls as well as inpatient admissions. In the current quarter, 
outpatient footfalls have witnessed about 52% growth compared to Q1 of the 
previous year. 
That Q1 also witnessed improved case mix, robust operating metrics and the 
ARPOB stands at over 52,600. Excluding COVID vaccination revenue in Q1 
FY23 has grown by 17% compared to the Q1 of previous year. We continue to 
demonstrate industry leading PAT, EBITDA, ROCE margins. Our CFO will take 
you through the details in a while. 
Regarding expansion, and growth plans of the Company, I'm happy to share 
that we are going to commence our first spoke in Chennai at OMR Road with 
55 beds. It’s going to be commenced in a month’s time, in the second quarter 
of this year. Another spoke at financial district in Hyderabad city of 90 beds is 
going to be operational in fourth quarter of current year. So, total of about 145 
beds are going to be commenced in this current financial year. So, other 2 
projects which are going to be commenced next financial year are one in 
Hyderabad in Central City and Chennai in Anna Nagar. So, the work is 
progressing pretty well. We are hopeful that we may be operational by first 
quarter of the next year. 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
We have also signed 2 more hospitals, one in Bangalore as a spoke and also 
regional spoke in Andhra Pradesh in Rajahmundry. 
To conclude, the year started off with strong operating metrics and we hope to 
continue the growth momentum considering a normal year. Our financial 
position continues to be strong with industry leading EBITDA, PAT and ROCE 
margins. On the growth front, we are working to ensure the timely execution of 
all undergoing projects. I hope to speak to you in the second quarter with great 
results. Thank you and have a great day. Over to Mr. Gowrisankar – our CFO.  
R. Gowrisankar: 
Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for taking out your time and joining our 
earning call. I'm happy to take you through the financial results for the quarter 
ended 30th June 2022, this is the first quarter for the financial year ’23. So in 
fact it's a better quarter and our pediatric healthcare services are doing better 
in this quarter. And I'll take you through the consolidated and standalone 
results for this Q1. 
So, Rainbow Children's Hospital has achieved a consolidated revenue of Rs. 
237 crore in Q1 FY23 as against Rs. 246 crore of the corresponding quarter in 
the previous financial year. Compared to the Q4 FY22, that is the immediate 
quarter, our consolidated revenue has shown a growth of 12%. So, if we take 
out the COVID vaccination impact in the corresponding quarter of Q1 FY22. 
So, we have a growth of about 16% in hospital revenue that is through 
healthcare services compared with the corresponding quarter of the current 
year. Our standalone revenue for the first quarter is at Rs. 222 crore.  
And our consolidated EBITDA for the first quarter is at Rs. 82 crore, which is 
again a post IND AS EBITDA and this compared with the first quarter of year 
FY22 with EBITDA was at Rs. 78 crore has shown a growth of 5%. So, if we 
compare this with the immediate quarter, the sequential growth, we have 
achieved about 71% growth. So, our EBITDA margins for the first quarter of 
FY23 is at 34.6% as against 31.8% in the corresponding quarter of FY22. So, 
there is a good growth in the EBITDA in terms of margin. This is on account of 
our original organic healthcare business is doing better. Our standalone 
EBITDA for the first quarter of FY23 is at Rs. 77 crore. 
So, this quarter, we have seen better PAT margin, so our PAT margin for the 
first quarter is at 16.2% against 14.56% in the corresponding quarter of the 
previous year. So, PAT for the first quarter is at Rs. 38.7 crore as against Rs. 
35.8 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. So, there is a 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
growth of 8% on year-on-year basis. And compared to the PAT of last quarter, 
the PAT has actually grown by 216%. The PAT for Q4 was Rs. 12 crore, and 
current quarter is at Rs. 38.7 crore. Our standalone PAT for the first quarter of 
FY23 is at Rs. 37.5 crore.  
So, Rainbow Children's Hospital has delivered industry leading EBITDA as well 
as PAT margins. With respect to growth in volume, our OP volume has grown 
by 52% over the corresponding quarter of the last financial year. Our IP volume 
has grown by 22% and our delivery volume has grown by 12%. So, this shows 
our normal pediatric hospital business is coming back post pandemic. 
On the occupancy, we have seen an uptick in Q1 of the current financial year 
over the Q1 of the last financial year. So, occupancy in Q1 of the last financial 
year was at 40%, this current financial year it is at 43%. 
Our matured hospital has done well and achieved an occupancy of 46%, our 
new hospital has achieved a occupancy of 35%. With respect to ARPOB, so 
the Q1 ARPOB for the current year is at Rs. 52,603. This is against Q1 of 
previous year, which is Rs. 58,986. If we take out the COVID impact in the 
previous year, our ARPOB has grown by 8% actually, which is due to the case 
mix as well as tariff increase. And with respect to our ROCE and ROE, so the 
Q1, we have achieved a return on capital employed of 5% and our ROE is it 
5.58%. So, there is a cash balance available in the balance sheet to the extent 
of Rs. 400 crore; if we remove that, the ROCE will be at 7%. See, all these are 
not annualized. On an annualized basis, we have delivered 23% ROCE and 
26.6% ROE in the last financial year.  
On the whole, our EBITDA margin, PAT margin, ROE, as well as ROCE are 
best in class in the industry. 
Thank you once again. Now we’ll open the call for your valuable questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial 
Service. Please go ahead.  
Praveen Sahay: 
My first question is related to the Malviya Nagar, New Delhi facility. Can you 
elaborate like what kind of medical service, means like you had not included 
130 beds in your capacity. And where the revenue like you account here? 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Actually, the New Delhi Malaviya Nagar facility is a DDA property. So, we have 
a medical service agreement with the Madhukar Trust. And we charge 32.5% 
as a medical service fee, which is accounted in our healthcare service revenue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, it would be helpful if you could give the pre Ind AS analysis of margins in 
Q1FY23 versus Q4FY22. And also, there was this price hike via the insurance 
route. Has it started to play out in the margin? That is my first question. My 
second question is based on whatever your capacity expansion plan that we 
have via function of addition in operational beds and the new beds that are 
going to come into the system, what is the kind of bed addition that we will see 
in FY’23 and what is the bed addition that you see in FY’24? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
So, with respect to IndAS impact, we have about Rs. 14 crore of lease rental, 
which needs to be adjusted to get the pre IndAS EBITDA. For this quarter it is 
at Rs. 68 crore is pre IndAS EBITDA. And with respect to the previous quarter 
similar amount of Rs. 14 crore you have to remove to get pre-IND AS EBITDA. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Has the insurance price hikes started to play out in your number? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes, it just began to play out in the numbers. Started from June and yes, in 
some places we will have to close some insurance hikes, and especially in 
Hyderabad. Chennai, Bangalore and New Delhi, we were able to close it and I 
think that we started with the new tariffs from 1st of June.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, now our pre IndAS margin looks like a number of 28%, 29% if I adjust the 
rental part. Is this the number we can look to work forward because this number 
is about 3%, 4% higher than last year's number of 24%, 25% pre Ind AS margin 
if I'm not wrong. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
You're right. Actually, last year we had, COVID vaccine revenue which has got 
less margin compared to hospital revenue. So, that difference is there actually. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And if you could tell in the last year’s revenue, how much is COVID revenue 
and what kind of growth do you see in the base business EX of the COVID, 
which is sum total of obviously occupancy addition, OP volume addition or via 
bed addition? 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Please note there is no COVID revenue, it is COVID vaccination revenue.  We 
had about Rs. 96 crore of COVID vaccination revenue in the last financial year. 
there was only COVID vaccination revenue, which is a onetime impact which 
you can take out. And otherwise with respect to occupancy also, we are getting 
back to the normalcy. So, the schools have opened and then our occupancies 
are bouncing back to the normal despite the fact that the last quarter as well 
as first quarter is subject to seasonality. So, we are seeing better occupancy. 
So, we used to have a similar occupancy pre-COVID actually. So, now we are 
coming back to 40%, 45% occupancy. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
What kind of growth do you see in the business ex of COVID vaccination 
revenue? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
So, we have delivered about 20% growth earlier. So, pre-COVID before FY’19, 
FY‘20 and all, we are expecting similar growth actually in our business because 
we are seeing that this year is going to be a normal year for us, so it’s organic 
year. So, we are expecting to continue the similar growth. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And sir, lastly, I had asked you on the bed addition. So, what kind of bed 
addition do we look at in FY’23 and FY’24 in terms of proper operational bed, 
either via the system beds getting operational or new hospitals coming in? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
The bed additions are going to be in Chennai about 55 beds. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I wrote that. I want total bed additions for FY’23 and FY’24. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Total bed is about 145 beds are going to be commenced operational this year, 
current financial year. next year, almost equal number about 140 beds are 
going to be commenced FY’2023- 24, next operational year. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
This is added from the existing hospitals because existing hospitals you have 
1,500 capacity and 1,150 operational, so nothing coming from there as well. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
There will be about close to 24 beds going to be added in Bangalore, our hub 
hospital in Marathahalli area. So, that work is in progress. That’s going to be 
added soon, probably in about last quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
Bansi Desai: 
My question is on occupancy. So, sir, when I look at your mature hospital 
structure, they’ve reported an occupancy of 46%, I understand that Q1 is 
seasonally a weak quarter. So, can we assume that this number will 
meaningfully improve going forward? And for the mature cluster as a whole, by 
when should we see an occupancy level of 60% or so, which was a pre COVID 
occupancy for some of our mature units? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
The occupancies in matured hospital will go past 55% because, remember, we 
are coming out of COVID now. And I think the anticipation is about mature 
hospitals probably will touch closer to the 60% and, consolidated level, I think 
we will probably have about 50% occupancy. That's optimistic. It may be a 
couple of percent more because, as it’s looking now, the seasons and also 
normalized business. So, if we go back and see that pre COVID levels, we 
were about 56%. So, we are optimistic about consolidated at a group level 
occupancy, it will go past 50%. This is what our expectation is. It may be at 2% 
more than that, based on the season, how it's going to pan out next couple of 
quarters. So, the mature hospitals are always kind of would definitely do well, 
the maturing hospitals also picking up quite well now. Before we go to the first 
quarter, I think that number is actually as for me running the organization pretty 
impressive of 43%. So, we are expecting better growth. 
Bansi Desai: 
Sir, on consol basis, fair to assume 50% occupancy level starting this year 
itself, right? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes. I think we should  be able to do it. 
Bansi Desai: 
And secondly, sir, on the ARPOBs. These are strong numbers. So, just wanted 
to understand, has the secondary pediatric business come back to our normal 
level? So, are these ARPOB numbers sustainable from a case mix standpoint? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes. See, what's happened is that now, we're quite happy to see that the 
business has come back to the pre COVID level, very, close to pre-COVID 
level. Our intensive care started doing very well, which has got a high ARPOB 
and our specialty pediatrics like pediatric specialties have started doing very 
well. For example, we were doing about 30 plus cardiac surgeries per month 
during the last year, and now it's kind of bounced back to 55 per month on 
average pediatric cardiac surgeries. And also transplant work has gone up and 
multispecialty work gone up significantly. Secondary care is something which 
keeps fluctuating as per the seasonality. The secondary pediatrics is more 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
important for the spokes rather than hub, because hub mainly occupies most 
of the complex and specialty case mix plus obstetrics in the hubs. 
Bansi Desai: 
Is it fair to assume that one should expect 6% to 7% growth on the ARPOB, 
which is closer to Rs. 52,000 that you reported in this quarter? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think in the current quarter which we compare to the last year, whole year of 
this one, so we were able to demonstrate about 8%. I think that in the first 
quarter if you're able to demonstrate this kind of a growth, I'm optimistic about 
the year ahead. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
And just to add, Bansi, Saurabh here, whenever you look at ARPOB, please 
look at the annual ARPOBs and compare because as you right mentioned, we 
have fluctuations in ARPOB because of seasonality and the secondary care 
pediatrics, which are generally cold, cough and fever ARPOBs, which when 
their proportion increase in Q2 and Q3, the ARPOB slightly varies. So, in our 
kind of business, what is important is to look at ARPOB growth on a YTD basis 
and not on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Bansi Desai: 
But even if I look at a longer-term trend, which is, past 3 years, on an 
annualized basis, you have been able to report ARPOB growth of 13%, 14% 
over the last 3 years. So, just taking that into consideration, I was thinking that 
is that kind of growth sustainable going forward? Or should we expect a 
moderate 7% to 8%, as sir just mentioned? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I would stick to 8% ARPOB growth because that is achievable. I think that we're 
optimistic about 8%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial 
Service. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Can you give me a seasonality in your business, like on the quarter-on-quarter, 
which quarter is the best quarter and which is the lowest? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Generally, our businesses is like this, about 70% is pediatrics, 30% is 
obstetrics. The 70% pediatrics business carries the seasonality. The Q1 is 
generally a holiday season where children go on holidays, and Q4 is exams 
times. And also correspondingly these quarters you don't see a lot of 
environmental fluctuations, generally tend to be where seasonal illnesses will 
be low. So, if you look on average Q1, Q4 together, to Q2, Q3, the mid quarters, 
there'll be a variation about 7%, 8%. So, that's how it pans out. I think the Q1 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
& Q4 together somewhere around 42% to 43%. And Q2, Q3 will be busier 
months because of generally rain, seasonality onset of winter and a lot of 
pediatric infections and various other ailments comes through the season. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And for this quarter, do you see any one offs in this quarter any like of surge in 
the elective surgery or something like that? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
No, we don't have any one offs now, its normal business is coming back which 
is why what we witnessed is that when we do our normal business like a case 
mix of the intensive care, specialty pediatrics and secondary care and 
obstetrics, we do better ARPOBs and better EBITDAs. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And on the expansion side, how much is on CAPEX you're doing for this year 
and the next year? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
We have about close to 380-400 beds. These are going to take about an 
average about Rs.50 lakhs per bed for some of the spokes, smaller ones, the 
larger ones take about Rs. 60 lakh per bed. So, that's what it is, about Rs. 240 
- 250 crore is the CAPEX which is to be deployed. 
Praveen Sahay: 
In that like as you had also mentioned that one Bangalore and Rajahmundry 
you signed, so is that existing facilities where you are opening the segment or 
is it new? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Rajahmundry is getting built as a greenfield project. And one in Bangalore also 
is getting built. The Bangalore one, they have got already permissions. And 
Rajahmundry one, they have applied for permissions. I would expect 
Rajahmundry to be there in 2 years’ time. Bangalore can be done much faster 
and it will take about 15 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Girish Bakhru from OrbiMed. Please go 
ahead. 
Girish Bakhru: 
Just actually going back to the previous one. So, you're saying there's no pent-
up demand reflected in this Q1, right? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
It's not a pent-up demand. It's just kind of normal businesses which we're 
coming back to after 2 years period and children's healthcare across the world, 
the children remained at home, no schools, no going out. So, they've remained 
at home, which is why the pediatric business has been muted, overall spectrum 
of pediatric businesses, which has come back in the last year, we have done 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
well in the revenues and EBITDAs. So, it was a bouncy year and  quarter to 
quarter variation was so much. That's because of pent up demand coming back 
in, whenever the COVID subsided for a few months’ time. 
The surgeries have come back and all the specialties have come back. So, this 
year, what we see is that overall, the of mood of the nation, the people is that, 
yes, COVID is here and there lurking, but it's not something dreadful anymore. 
That's what people's belief is that now, that outpatients are coming back, and 
inpatients are coming back, the normal pattern of business is back. But there 
is one thing worth what we see is that normal seasonal illnesses, which are 
actually present in both pronounced in the sense that some of the viral 
infections, which comes and goes may not require admissions, they are 
requiring admissions because some portion of the children we discovered they 
have pneumonia needing admissions. So, I think this year is going to be I 
wouldn't say it's a bouncy here. We will probably see some of the seasonality, 
illnesses maybe more pronounced. 
Girish Bakhru: 
And when you say the case mix was better, I mean, logically does it mean that 
more critical beds would be occupied? Like would you be able to give color on 
that? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think that kind of granularity is difficult. Our intensive care occupancies have 
gone up significantly both pediatric and newborn intensive care, because the 
people are coming from the districts and faraway places for the intensive care 
services and within the city also, and people have come back after a long time 
to the cities, especially Bangalore and Hyderabad. Till recently, they all worked 
from home. Today, most of them, even the IT companies have said okay, come 
back to the city and work alternate 2 days or 3 days a week. So, the population 
has come back. That's what we see now. 
Girish Bakhru: 
I mean ballpark, would you be able to give like, let's say, 33% of your network 
is largely critical beds. What's the occupancy there previously? And what is it 
now? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think it varies from cities to cities and consolidated I don't have a number at 
the moment. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
So, ICU occupancy, Girish, would be in the range of 30% to 35% or closer to 
that. As Dr. Ramesh mentioned, it is difficult to put a number to it, but a ballpark 
number would be closer to that if we were to calculate that. 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
It’s maturing or matured, everything put together. There are hospitals in the 
cities. See, what we see in Hyderabad we don't see in Bangalore. What we 
see in south, we don't see in Delhi. So, this keeps changing so much because 
each city is different. But overall, what we see the trends is that their occupancy 
is steadily going up in the intensive care services. And newborns especially 
started having much better occupancies than what we have seen entire last 1, 
1.5-year time. 
Girish Bakhru: 
And generally the trend of ICU occupancy will also increase in Q2, Q3, right? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes, of course. 
Girish Bakhru: 
And just related to this, would it be possible to give some differential of ARPOB, 
how much would be the differential of ARPOB from critical beds to non-critical 
beds? 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
So, the ARPOB difference, I’ll just give you a ballpark estimate, Girish. the 
quaternary care and the women care have the highest ARPOB. So, these 
ARPOBs are higher than the company's ARPOB. So, critical care which is the 
tertiary care and women care would be higher than the Company’s average 
ARPOB in the inpatient. And the secondary care is closer to 25,000, 30,000 
kind of ARPOB. And rest is the outpatient ARPOB. So, if you look at it, you 
have the inpatient quaternary care, tertiary care, and the women care are the 
ones which are the group’s average ARPOB. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
To put it broadly, sometimes why I'm saying I’d not be able to answer question 
is that now a child who gets into intensive care is a neurology child, who takes 
significantly intensive care and outside intensive care. So, it’s very difficult to 
differentiate specialties staying in intensive care, oncology patients staying in 
intensive care. So, overall, how we actually look at it is initially we did a better 
understanding of it. So, when we look at our ARPOBs, the Intensive Care 
Services and specialty services, obstetrics, all of them will have more than 60% 
ARPOBs generally. So, when you look at the secondary pediatrics, the 
ARPOBs will be somewhere about Rs. 30,000-35,000. So, combined, blended, 
adding plus outpatients’ revenue, when you add to that. So, you get very a 
superior ARPOB, which is why this model has a better ARPOB because 
they've got a 3 to 4 operating metrics are very superior, which is intensive care 
services, specialty pediatrics, obstetrics plus our OPD revenues are significant. 
We actually on a total of revenue, 28% is OPD revenue. So, that gets 
significantly added to the ARPOB compared to the multi-specialty hospital.  

 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
Girish Bakhru: 
And just last one. So, I mean, I understand mature hospital is at 46% 
occupancy now. Can you give occupancies in the two hubs, Banjara Hills and 
Marathahalli? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think Banjara is a 20-year-old hospital. It’s occupancy will be about past 70%, 
74% in average occupancy, 70% plus it would be. And Marathalli it would about 
45% to 46% occupancy. But they’re still maturing as it isabout 5-year-old 
hospital. 
Girish Bakhru: 
So, in your CAPEX plan, there is no hub creation in the next 2-3 years given 
that these 2 are already there, but you don't think you need a hub also? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, we're going to add probably beds in the hubs moving forward. We try to 
create more beds in the same place where we are in hubs. For example, we're 
adding about closer to 324 beds in Bangalore now because we were looking 
at adding more specialties in Bangalore. We require more beds in Bangalore 
in the hub hospital. Chennai, we are trying our level best to see how to increase 
the beds probably a year down the lineDelhi also we take the similar view. So, 
hubs expansions will take care, we need to look at the feasibility of adding beds 
and various other factors but we wish to kind of increase the bed numbers as 
the business grows, as more specialties get added. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prashant Kutty from Sundaram Mutual Funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kutty: 
So, first of all, just missed out if you had given the number of what was the 
COVID-related revenues in the base quarter? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Actually, it is COVID vaccination revenue of Rs. 44 crore was accounted in the 
corresponding previous quarter in Q1. So, there is no other COVID revenue. 
Prashant Kutty: 
And was there any COVID revenue in the previous quarter? 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Yes. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
It’s dominantly a vaccination revenue what we have seen. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Yes, I’m asking about vaccination revenue. How much was that in the previous 
quarter, sir? You said base was Rs. 44 crore. In Q4 was how much? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
It is about 4 crore. 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
Prashant Kutty: 
And in this quarter, I believe nothing is there as far as COVID. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
There is nothing significant, maybe I think less than Rs. 1 crore. See, what 
happened is COVID vaccine ceased. Number 1 is mean the sample, so much 
Government has procured for COVID vaccinations, their vaccinations were 
given everywhere free of cost. So, why would they come and pay it. Number 2 
is the pricing has come down so low, so therefore that you already have your 
business that we wouldn’t be kind of going out to do the COVID vaccinations 
anymore. So, the interest levels have gone down significantly even for children. 
This is a surprise to me in a different note, that we thought that there would be 
a lot of demand for the COVID vaccine for children, but there’s not much. And 
even the Government is not willing despite the developed countries set up to 5 
years to give COVID vaccinations. Still Indian Government has not decided to 
give less than 12 years, the vaccinations. Parallelly, the interest levels have 
also significantly gone down because people are not feeling that COVID is a 
serious disease in small children.  
Prashant Kutty: 
Sir, second question over here was in terms of the ARPOB, obviously, a lot of 
the price hikes have largely happened. And you said that typically you would 
want to maintain about a 7% to 8% kind of an ARPOB increase? Are there any 
of the places where insurance is expected or is largely everything done? And 
what's the duration of the insurance hikes, what typically happens here? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
It’s supposed to happen at 2 years’ time, but I think the think that post COVID, 
, insurance companies are behaving very differently because they had to pay 
a lot of money towards adult COVID. So, they are becoming increasingly 
difficult. I mean, supposed to be 2 years, but it gets extended sometimes 2, 2.5 
years, it can be even 3 years’ time. 
Prashant Kutty: 
So, typically in a year, like FY23, would we mean that, that our ARPOB, which 
we spoke about an 8% kind of an increase would largely be driven by case mix 
and maybe to an extent some price hikes in general? Or if you could throw 
some light on that. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
We do the inflation correction on those things, annually, that's pretty normal. 
And the case mix is something which we would anticipate driving ARPOBs 
moving forward. So, the price hikes, still Hyderabad has not been done our 
insurance tie-ups and pricing, so I think dominantly, the case mix and volumes, 
and as the maturity goes up, various other parameters kicks in. So, that's what 
is going to drive ARPOB. 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Prashant Kutty: 
So, one more question with regard to the ARPOB part was that you already 
talked about Rs. 52,000 odd. And like you said, there is no such impact of 
COVID or something. And you said that the business is as usual. So, an 
ARPOB of Rs. 50,000 plus is like a more sustainable number which one can 
assume. That's a fair assumption to make? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes, I'm sure, mainly sustainable because as I explained earlier as to the 
previous question that we have the case mix, which can rise that ARPOB. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Sir, last question from my end on the bed addition. You just gave a number to 
one of the previous participants about 140 odd beds being added. I think those 
were new beds if I'm not wrong. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes, they are new beds. 
Prashant Kutty: 
But if I'm not wrong last time, you probably spoke about that you maybe have 
a target of adding about 200 odd beds annually. So, does it mean that the 
balance would come in from these existing hospitals? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
The current financial year, there's going to be new bed added about 90 plus 
55, 145. Plus, we have about 25 beds adding in Bangalore city, in our hub 
hospital, that's what is going to come this year. So, next year, there's already 
planned beds, which is about 140 beds. So, there's always going to be bed 
additions happening in the existing hospitals, which won't take much of time to 
add it. So, that's kind of an average about it could be 150 to 200, sometimes it 
can go to 250. It depends on the projects and the execution and various other 
factors. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Sir, as new beds are concerned, it is about 140-150. That’s the run rate? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes, that’s the run rate, it will go up. 
Prashant Kutty: 
The existing, it will go up to 200 or 250 depending upon wherever you are. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes, exactly, FY’24- FY’25 because lot of things are under plan under diligence 
of those things. 
Madanagopal Ramu: Good afternoon, Dr. Ramesh. Madan here from Sundaram Finance. Sir, when 
you add this new bed in the existing facility in the existing hubs or spoke, the 
CAPEX there also is around Rs. 50 lakh or that will be much lesser? 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think it may be lesser. How we’ll get these, it depends on what we are going 
to add. For example, if I'm going to add beds, and for the capacity building, as 
well as to what specialty I'm going to start. If I'm going to start cardiac services, 
definitely the cost of the bed is going to shoot much higher because you have 
cath labs, you have operating theatres and those things. So, if it's going to be 
just the addition of the beds, yes, definitely, it will be much lower. 
Madanagopal Ramu: But how is it looking like whatever we are planning to add this year in 
Hyderabad and probably next year in the existing facilities. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Which is why it's kind of a cost between Rs. 55 lakh, Rs. 60 lakh upper limit. 
Mind you, it is significant, what we are witnessing is seeing that there is cement 
cost, steel cost, even old materials, especially electrical, everything has gone 
up by 20%, 25%. So, we're battling with trying to see that how to optimize the 
cost to what we have actually promised to do the bed numbers. It's become 
challenging actually. The price hikes are phenomenal everywhere, because of 
supply chains and various other factors. 
Madanagopal Ramu: One additional question. The spoke that we are planning to add, like in Anna 
Nagar, Chennai and central Hyderabad, all these are on the lease, right? 
Ramesh Kancharla: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, can you please comment on your IP and OP volume growth which we have 
seen during the quarter on a 3-year CAGR basis?  
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
See, let's look at our OPD footfalls growth, we have grown to 52% from the 
quarter 1 of last year to current quarter. And we have grown by 22% of the 
inpatients growth from the quarter 1 of last year to the Q1 FY’23. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
So, why I was asking that question is that our base business would have been 
impacted last year and hence the growth on that depressed base seems 
higher. But if you can generally comment on this 20% revenue growth which 
you are targeting, maybe 8% to 9% of growth will be driven by ARPOB 
increases. So, the rest can be assumed to be volume growth on account of 
bed additions? 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
R. Gowrisankar: 
It will be both, new locations plus the existing locations will have growth in the 
numbers. It will be both bed additions as well as volume growth. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
And given that you are still targeting occupancies north of 50% for the overall 
group for the fiscal year, so would that mean that 2Q and 3Q, our occupancies 
have to be materially higher because of the seasonal benefit, which we will see 
in the portfolio during the second and third quarters? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes. I mean Q2, Q3 has always been higher than Q1 and Q4. So, the 
proportion is about there'll be a 6% to 8% variability there between the Q2 & 
Q3 to Q1 & Q4 occupancy together because of seasonality. So, this current 
quarter, the Q2 & Q3 will definitely be higher occupancies. So, which is why 
we estimate our occupancies will probably go past 50%. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
And this 20% growth which you have been talking about, so for FY23, would 
you have this 20% kind of growth on a reported basis or adjusted for the COVID 
vaccine benefit, which we had last year? 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
So, when we are saying 20% growth, it is after adjusting for the COVID 
vaccination revenue. once you remove that revenue on that 20% is growth is 
what we are talking about. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
But Saurabh, wouldn't FY23 be a year of normalization, and hence the base 
business growth should actually have been higher than 20%? 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Yes, that’s correct. But we also have to look into account that the COVID 
vaccination revenue was 10% of our overall revenue, so Rs. 1,000 crore. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
No, Saurabh, I'm saying from a base business perspective. Now, if you say 
pre-COVID, we were growing at 20% kind of a run rate. And now over the past 
2 years, our base business has been impacted. Even if we look at our OP 
volumes now, those are still trending below the FY20 annualized volume. So, 
given that the recovery, which we are seeing in the business, wouldn’t the 
growth on the base business ex of COVID vaccination should be higher than 
20% this year? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
See, I’ll tell you, Rahul. In Children’s business, there's nothing like a pent-up 
demand, like what we see in adult hospitals. What we’re are seeing is normalcy 
of our business both in terms of case mix as well as the numbers. If you look 
at our numbers, then we are getting back to our numbers, both in IPDs and 
OPDs with a growth of what we used to kind of have the growth of going back 

 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
pre-COVID level. 20% growth was achievable target which we have always 
achieved it. Now coming back into this year, that 20% growth would definitely 
happen, because there's no pent-up demand. See, when there is a pent-up 
demand, you escalate that growth to a 24%, 25% or whatever it is. So, we don't 
have a pent-up demand in the children's because they're not elective. See, 
70% of the Pediatric business is emergency based. So, pent-up demand 
doesn’t really matter too much to us, it may be very short while. What we have 
seen pent up demand is in the previous year, the Q1 to Q3, Q3 to Q4, Q3 is a 
good quarter because of pent up demand because all the pediatric surgical 
cases have come back for operations and those things. And those things over 
the last six months’ time, we had been doing all those things. There’s not really 
much pent-up demand. What happens in children is you can’t really postpone 
too much of surgeries required, we can’t postpone for 6 months or 9 months or 
a year because it may have other effects on the patient. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
So, that possibly explains why the growth room will be on a sustainable basis 
for us at around 20%. Sir, one last question from my end, if you can just speak 
about the profitability levels for Delhi cluster operations and as well as the due 
diligence of land which you are pursuing for your hub hospitals in Gurgaon and 
Noida. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, we continue to do the diligence. We have taken approach to either, if the 
land costs are fair and workable, we would love to buy. And we're also looking 
at some the Brownfield projects. Some of them are in diligence process. But 
when we look at, Delhi, there are properties available. And diligence takes 
much longer than other parts of the country and there are complexities. So, we 
are being careful. We’ll continue to work on that with various vendors and 
agencies. So, when we have an answer, definitely, we’ll come back and 
present probably in the next quarter. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
And just on the profitability of the Delhi cluster? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, last year, we were able to breakeven Delhi hospital. This is tracking well 
this year so far, it’s been profitable. The other one which is the luxury birthing 
center, which has been acquired by us 2.5 years ago, so that's the luxury 
birthing centers per se that we never believed in that as good a great business 
model. We are actually converting it to a proper birthing center, getting 
insurances, and we managed to get some of the insurance closed, some of 
them are still pending. So, we are working on that. And also, we are trying to 

 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
get Rosewalk under Rainbow network in that sense, Rosewalk by Rainbow 
Hospitals. So, that will probably help in terms of branding aside. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
So, would you be increasing the number of beds at Rosewalk given that you 
are transitioning the facility to a regular birthing center? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
This is an interesting thing. We never believed in that kind of a small mom and 
pop stores. For us the smallest facility is about 50 beds. that's our operating 
model. The Rosewalk is something which is about 24 beds, which I wouldn’t 
really like to have a hospital which is 24 beds. I would like to have a larger 
facility and a combination of pediatrics and obstetrics. So, unfortunately, here 
you can’t expand it. It's very ring-fenced space wise. I can only operate 24 
beds, dominantly obstetrics and obstetric-related work. So, nothing much of a 
significant pediatric work I can do because not much of space is left for the 
pediatric outpatients, emergency services or ICU services and those things. It 
will remain to be a birthing center. So, that will give us an experience of birthing 
centers well. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
So, just continuing on the previous question on Delhi, is now the Madhukar 
Hospital trending in line with expectations? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes. Last year, it has broken even. And this year, we are expecting it to kind 
of contribute to the overall EBITDA. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
You see, it’s doing well this year and the overall our outpatient numbers have 
started increasing and IPD revenues are increasing, our ICU is getting stronger 
and stronger. So, I think we expect Delhi to do well this year. And it's going to 
kind of post the positive EBITDAs. 
Alankar Garude: 
So, in that sense, how many years should it take for the loan repayment by the 
trust to happen towards Rainbow? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
It should happen in next 2-3 years maximum, not more than that. we will close 
it within 3 years. 
Alankar Garude: 
The second question, sir, was on Bangalore and I think earlier you called out 
that there was a higher impact on footfalls at our Bangalore hospitals during 
the last 2, 2.5 Years. But then, I think earlier in the call, you mentioned that 

 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
there's almost complete normalcy in footfalls for the network. So, just wanted 
to check specifically on Bangalore, would you be saying that you mentioned 
about work from coming off and people coming back to offices at least 3 days 
a week, but would you say that Bangalore is still maybe slightly lower as far as 
normalcy is concerned as compared to your overall network? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think Bangalore is largely what we've seen is that Bangalore has come back 
largely, I wouldn’t say that 100%, it’s probably still about comeback by 80%, 
85%. The OPD numbers what we have been seeing in the last couple of 
months are very, very significant in Bangalore. So, we are seeing whatever we 
expected the numbers that numbers we've been doing it even the inpatients 
volumes have grown up significantly, even our new facility in North Bangalore 
also kind of having good occupancies as well as the outpatient numbers. So, 
overall, 2 things in Bangalore is that our brand Rainbow is actually penetrating 
much stronger. And now, I think, next couple of years, Rainbow is going to kind 
of play out very dominant in Bangalore City and improve both kind of the case 
mix as well as operating parameters. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
So, just to add Alankar and give you a slight color on the growth in Bangalore 
post pandemic, the outpatient volume at the group level has increased by 50% 
as Dr. Ramesh mentioned earlier in the opening remarks, but the outpatient 
volume in Bangalore cluster has basically grown by 100% between Q1 of this 
year vis-à-vis Q1 of preceding year. So, from 20,000, it has gone to 40,000 
plus outpatient volume in the current quarter. So, Bangalore has seen the 
fastest growth in this quarter as far as the outpatient volume or inpatient 
volumes are concerned. 
Alankar Garude: 
And maybe Saurabh, if you can give a similar color on the Chennai cluster as 
well that would be helpful. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
So, on the Chennai front. Alankar, the outpatient volumes have grown by 60% 
in this quarter vis-à-vis the first quarter of last year. So, Chennai has also seen 
a strong momentum in the quarter 1. 
Alankar Garude: 
And one final question from my side. See, so, we have a broad plan to add 
about 1,000 beds cumulatively give or take in the next 5 to 6 years. Now, 
assuming say Rs. 60 lakhs of average CAPEX per bed that would entail a total 
CAPEX of about Rs. 600 crore and if I add say about Rs. 150 crore odd of 
cumulative maintenance CAPEX on top of that, the total CAPEX requirement 
would be about Rs. 750, Rs. 800 crore over the next say 5 years or so. Now, 

 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
given that we have about Rs. 400 crore of cash and we would be generating 
at least Rs. 150 crore of free cash flow each year, do you think there is scope 
to undergo further expansion, either organically or inorganically within the next 
5 years? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think, Alankar, one important thing is in pediatric this one, we cannot 
aggregate the business in pediatrics. This is an organically built business. So, 
we were able to build this kind of numbers of the beds. If you look at 60% of 
the beds are going to be added in the places where we are already existing, 
we are already present like in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, and NCR. So, 
the going out and doing in new cities, I mean, it's not an organic model, it takes 
its own time, number 1. Number2 is when you have large cash, we can also 
look at, possibly, if something which is philosophically aligned acquisitions, that 
may be another way of looking at it. Probably we’ve just done the listing I mean 
3 months ago, I think we would probably start looking at it towards the end of 
the year or next year, to see how to deal with that. We need to take a view as 
a Company to see that, the cash is not going to be a problem. We are debt 
free. And we can look at it either kind of small chains or standalone hospitals, 
maybe better moving forward in future. So, that's something which we need to 
work on that data to organically all the times or to have some acquisitions, 
which are aligned to where we can operate and build those businesses.  
R. Gowrisankar: 
Basically, it should be accretive to EBITDA margin as well as our ROE, ROCE. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of with Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I have 3 follow up questions. One when we look at the incremental bed 
addition, which is let’s say not via hub and we have a lot of maturity driven 
operating leverage at Delhi and there is a natural growth. So, if you have to 
guide us on, what kind of margin expansions do you see on your business 
model as we go towards the next couple of years or next 3 years based on this 
operating metrics that you're putting through for your business? That's first 
question. My second question is, is it fair to assume that all your incremental 
investments in capacity creation are going to come at plus 35% ROCE 
considering that it is easily a 2x asset on business with a high margin? And my 
third question is, have we drafted any dividend payout plan because of the free 
cash flow generation that we have and lack of inorganic growth opportunity? 

 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I'll take this question actually. I'll take the last bit first. So, I mean, we've been 
paying dividends for the last 10 years’ time. We've been profitable while 
growing. So, this is, I mean me as a promoter, , I would like to be profitable 
while growing, that's absolutely an underlying statement. So, I wouldn’t take a 
kind of risk to put the business at the moment or in future, that's very, very 
clear. We always had cash on the balance sheets, still here we could have 
added more beds, we've not done that. Because there needs to be reason to 
add the beds, there need to be a business to add the beds, there has to be a 
kind of a capability to execute and build a model for the beds.  
So, first 2 questions are actually too complex, too difficult, I think that which 
means I have to do a lot of guidance, unfortunately, I wouldn't be able to do 
that kind of guidance or forecasting. But I can tell you one thing, we have been 
growing 20% year-on-year while adding beds. So, I'm talking about last 8 to 9 
years’ time, how we have grown, we continue to grow at the same pace of 20% 
of growth, both numbers and as well as this one, I expect to do the same thing, 
we continue to do the same thing. In terms of cash flows, as we have been 
asked earlier question what they were asking about is you are going to end up 
in a lot of cash on the balance sheet, so how do you deal with that. That's 
something which I would like to kind of have some time to kind of see that, 
what are the strategic acquisitions, we can think about it. These strategic 
acquisitions also when I would put a kind of a company balance at risk. As long 
as there is opportunistic, where we can add value, where we can add the scale 
of the operations to get our profitabilities, ROCEs, we will definitely be able to 
do it. So, I think we are somebody who kind of have a very clear thought 
process and a definitive thought process, with what we want to do is very, very 
clear.  
So, the building of business is very, very important in these 4 cities, because 
as a hub and spoke model, Indian cities are very, very large, Hyderabad is 
moving forward and probably in a couple of years’ time will be 1,000 beds in 
Hyderabad. You can imagine that in our Hyderabad, when you have a 1000 
beds, the capacity building I can do in Bangalore, Chennai, and New Delhi, 
because they’re much bigger. This happens always much faster than we 
anticipate and expect. And other states which are in actually Rainbow is a 
household name in the state of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, we are going 
to be in Tamil Nadu. So, these 2 states we do kind of the regional spokes as 
well. That's how we look at it, rather than kind of a sporadic going around here 
and there to do it. Even acquisitions, we look at that in a very disciplined way. 
This is how we look at our business and what's more important for Rainbow is 

 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
to build something which has not been there in the country. That is what 
Children's specialty hospital, and we are going to be kind of building the 
children's multi-specialty services for the country. And also, there's a lot of 
opportunity for us to do business within the country to get the patients from 
across the country as well as from the International. So, this is how we look at 
it not only building a cross sectional country and building vertical also, as we 
move forward, that's something I can tell you, what’s in my heart, what’s in my 
mind, but given our guidance to year on year is very difficult. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But sir, directionally do we see margin expansion continuing for some years to 
come? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
We have been traditionally maintaining this 25% turnover margin that is pre 
IndAS basis, we are expecting to do that because see, we will not do something 
which will be margin dilutive, and in fact, we are expanding. In next 3 years 
also we are adding about 500 beds. So, we will be cautiously optimistic when 
we add actually. Definitely we will not do which will dilute this margin. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But sir, if your lean season margin is 28%, 29%, which you reported in quarter 
1, obviously, the annual margin has to be higher than this, right, because your 
main season is quarter 2 and quarter 3. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
We are adding beds actually. If you see typically next quarter, we are adding 
beds as well as in the next couple of quarters, we are going to add about 145 
beds actually. So, I am taking the operational losses in the first year of those 
business as well. So, we have to take the margin, next we have to see the 
margin.  
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, then, we talk about steady state, while adding the beds steady state, this 
is what we were able to achieve and do it 20% of growth in numbers as well as 
what we've been talking about EBITDA margin of 25%. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes, 25%, pre IndAS margin. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But sir, then we have a lot of low occupancy in the system, that occupancy is 
driving your growth. By virtue of that, you don't want to call out the case for 
margin expansion building in over next 2 to 3 years. Why the opinion of having 
a 25% flat margin? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
See, they are too philosophical this is one is. One is, me as a promoter margin 
expansion is very important. The capacity building is equally important. And 

 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
also building the more services are more important because I am a pilot project 
even today. I mean, I want to build this children’s healthcare world to look at 
us. So, those are important goals, while protecting the investors and 
shareholders. There are many important goals here. So, this is a fine balance, 
which as an organization which has a lot of opportunity to grow in future to 
balance between the growth as well as to the shareholder’s interest. That's 
how I look at it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I'll now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Thank you very much for all the analysts and investors who have been very 
patient with us. And we are happy to answer anyone who has further queries. 
I think already information is there for you to connect with our Investor 
Relations, as well as our CFO, numbers have been there. So, please do get 
connected to us. We'll be able to kind of answer your questions and further 
queries. Thanks once again. Hope to see you again in three months’ time. 
Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Thank you. Have a good day. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Rainbow Children's Medicare Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been 
edited without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared/discussed on the call. 
