 
 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2022/170 
 
August 16, 2022 
 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2022/155 dated August 03, 2022; please find             
enclosed herewith the transcripts of earnings Conference call on Q1 FY 2023 results of the Company, 
held on August 10, 2022. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.renaissanceglobal.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
 
 
 
CS Vishal Dhokar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Vishal 
Ashokrao 
Dhokar
Digitally signed by 
Vishal Ashokrao Dhokar 
Date: 2022.08.16 
11:57:57 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
Renaissance Global Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Renaissance Global Limited’s 
earnings conference call. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India thank you and 
over to you, Ma’am. 
Jenny Rose: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Renaissance Global’s Q1 
FY23 earnings conference call. We have with us today, Mr. Sumit Shah, Chairman 
and Global CEO and Mr. Hitesh Shah Managing Director of the Company.  
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management 
following which will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer 
session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Sumit to make his opening remarks, over to you sir. 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you Jenny. Good day everyone. On behalf of Renaissance Global I extend a 
warm welcome and thank you all for joining us on our earnings conference call for 
the quarter ended June 30th, 2022.  
I will initiate this call by taking you through a brief overview of the Company's 
operational and business highlights for the period under review. Post that, Hitesh will 
take you through our financial performance and then we will open the forum for the 
question-and-answer session. 
 
We have delivered a healthy top line performance during the quarter despite a 
challenging macro environment in our key global markets. Our total income growth 
came in at 37% year-over-year. Our branded jewelry segment continues to report 
healthy growth. In Q1 FY23, revenue in this segment grew by 36% year-over-year, 
supported by steady flow of orders from our retail partners and gross in revenues 
from our direct-to-consumer business. Our direct-to-consumer business grew by 
63% year-over-year and is currently running at an annual rate of Rs. 204 crore 
compared to an actual sale of Rs. 124 crore reported during FY22.  
I am pleased to share that the integration of Four Mine acquisition is progressing 
well. The acquisition is strengthening our foothold in the engagement ring and 
wedding band business as well as in the fast-growing lab-grown diamond space. 
Overall, our focus is on increasing customization of our jewelry products across our 
D2C websites as it allows the customers a choice of selection creates product 
differentiation, help improve operating margins as well as reduces investment in 
working capital. We look forward to strengthening this segment going forward. 

 
Page 2 of 8 
 
While the demand environment remains steady during the quarter, we witnessed 
some non-linearities with regards to increase inflationary pressures in key raw 
materials. These had a bearing on our margin performance during the quarter. 
Although we do remain cautious of these challenges in the fiscal, we expect them to 
be largely transitory in nature. Overall, our EBITDA margins for Q1 FY23 came in at 
7.3%. 
To summarize, we believe we have delivered a resilient performance despite macro 
challenges. Looking ahead given the intensifying inflation trend we anticipate global 
consumption for discretionary products to be muted in the near future. However, on 
a long-term basis we are optimistic about our growth prospects and the potential in 
our international markets such as US, Europe, and UK. We are working on several 
growth opportunities in the international branded jewelry market such as completing 
the integration of Four Mine Inc. and setting up a path of achieving scale and 
meaningful profitability and successfully launching the NFL collection across retail 
stores and online channels during the 2022 holiday season. We believe we are well 
positioned to tap on these opportunities given our partnerships with well-known 
brands our significant experience in product conceptualization our design skills and 
solid distribution network. Overall, we look forward to delivering healthy and 
sustainable growth going ahead. 
On that note I would like to handover the call to Mr. Hitesh Shah to discuss financial 
performance during the quarter, over to you Hitesh. 
Hitesh Shah: 
Thank you Sumit. Good afternoon everyone. In Q1 FY23, we registered a stable 
performance primarily on the back of improved off take in our branded jewelry 
category and contribution from the direct-to-consumer business.  
 
Our total income stood at Rs. 575 crore compared to Rs. 420 crore in Q1 FY22, 
registering a growth of 37%. Our branded jewelry sales grew by 36% year-over-year 
of growth in our B2B segment was 25%. Direct to consumer business posted 
revenues of Rs. 41 crore in Q1 FY23 compared to Rs. 25 crore in Q1 FY22, growing 
by 63% year-over-year. Based on this quarter's contribution to annual sales, we 
estimate our annual revenue run rate to be Rs. 204 crore in FY23 as compared to 
actual FY22 revenues of Rs. 124 crore in the D2C segment. 
 
In terms of geographical distribution of sales, in Q1 FY23 contribution from North 
America stood at 62%, followed by Middle East at 20% and the balance came in from 
other geographies. During the quarter revenues share of studded jewelry stood at 
90% of which 24% was contributed by the branded jewelry business. Of the total 
branded jewelry business sales, 67% was sold through B2B channel and 33% was 
direct to consumer. 
 
On the profitability front EBITDA stood at Rs. 42 crore in Q1 FY23. We continue to 
witness cost pressures on account of global inflation and raw materials and supply 
chain constraints. Furthermore, the ongoing geopolitical conflict has intensified 
supply chain bottlenecks. Despite the macroeconomic challenges we managed to 
deliver an EBITDA margin of 7.3%. During the quarter, profit after tax improved 
through Rs. 24.2 crore versus Rs. 23.8 crore in the corresponding period last year 
registering a marginal growth of 2%. 
 
Lastly in terms of our balance sheet, our net debt to equity ratio stands at healthy 
0.34 as of June 2022. Our total net debt stands at Rs. 318 crore and our cash and 
bank balances and current investments were Rs. 209 crore. 

 
Page 3 of 8 
 
 
To conclude we have reported a steady and resilient all-round performance during 
the quarter ended June 30th, 2022. As we look ahead our growth initiatives will help 
support accelerated growth in the medium to longer term. 
 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with question-and-answer 
session.  
The first question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual Investment 
Advisors. 
Aakash Javeri: 
My first question was could you please throw some light on the demand situation for 
2022 upcoming festive season? 
Sumit Shah: 
Consumers are definitely facing little bit of pressure due to inflation, and I think that 
we are seeing more pressure on sort of lower income consumers as compared to 
the middle- and higher-income consumers because gas prices are higher, part of 
that is off their total income. So, the demand environment is definitely a little bit muted 
and weak. We are however focused on differentiation through our brands and to try 
and maintain a steady performance but, there is definitely softness in demand, and 
we will have to see closer to the key holiday Christmas season how things pan out, 
but last 3-4 months have definitely been soft. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Okay got it. The next question would be that how lab-grown diamond as a segment 
growing for us? 
Sumit Shah: 
I think that we are very encouraged by the growth in lab-grown, it is in single digit, 
single digit percentages as far as our total revenues are concerned but it’s growing 
very rapidly, and our expectation would be that in the next 3 to 4 years lab-grown 
diamonds will be a significant part of our overall revenue. We believe that the 
consumer acceptability of lab-grown diamonds has been well established in Western 
markets and we are seeing millennial customers especially buy engagement rings 
are not averse to buying lab-grown diamonds. I think that this could be a huge growth 
opportunity for the company, especially with the acquisition of Four Mine Inc. and 
our model of personalization that we offer for engagement rings through that 
platform. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Okay. If you could just throw some light on the current RM situation, we have seen 
about 5% gross margin pressure as compared to last year, so how is the current RM 
situation? 
Sumit Shah: 
Largely I think the price increases in diamonds that happened at the back half of the 
last calendar year and the beginning of the year have largely stabilized now, we have 
stopped seeing increases in the raw material situation and we are now pretty much 
fast on most of those cost increases to customers. So, we should see gross margin 
normalize over the next two quarters going forward. It took some time for us to 
renegotiate prices with the customers and pass those on. 
Aakash Javeri: 
The next question would be even though we have seen gross margin pressure, we 
kind of covered in our employee benefit expenses as well as other expenses. So, 
seeing such a big growth in the top line, our other expenses grow only 12%, so could 
you throw some light on how you were able to do that and what percentage is linked 
to our sales and how we have been able to not lose lot of our operating margins? 

 
Page 4 of 8 
 
Sumit Shah: 
We have tried to be cautious on the expense side as we do see some softness in 
demand, some of the top line growth that we are seeing now is due to the fact that 
during COVID retailers stood on inventory and while we are seeing the retail sales 
we have been cautious on sort of expenses and trying to sort of maintain them at a 
level where we feel comfortable. 
Aakash Javeri: 
But last year there was a lot of inventory stocking by retailers, so wouldn’t we already 
have a high base and we have grown despite that so how could you explain that? 
Sumit Shah: 
I think what happened is that last year sales were very strong, but retailers I think 
bought less than they sold. It is still resulted in strong sales for us, I think the 
inventories are now getting normalized. It is still probably below pre-COVID levels, 
and I think the retailers are sort of trying to build inventories now back to levels where 
they feel comfortable. So, I think some of the top line performance that we have seen 
in this quarter is on account of the retailers buying in inventory and I think inventory 
levels are higher at the end of this quarter than they were at the beginning of the 
year, but definitely still below pre-COVID levels. 
Aakash Javeri: 
There is kind of softness in demand and kind of muted and weak then how come 
retailers are stocking up so much? 
Sumit Shah: 
I think the softness in demand I would say was primarily in April-May-June when we 
were comparing against last year's US Government’s stimulus checks. I think that 
we saw some stabilization in July in year-over-year numbers and even in August the 
trends are looking for sort of slightly better than they were in April-May-June. I think 
the comparisons were very difficult in April-May-June because year-over-year base 
itself was little bit unfair due to the US Government’s stimulus checks sent out last 
year in those four months. 
Aakash Javeri: 
My last question would be how is the outlook for FY24 look? Because if FY23 as you 
said the way it is going to be for the rest of the year, but how do you see outlook for 
FY24? 
Sumit Shah: 
I think longer term, we are extremely optimistic about the prospects with our strategy 
that we played out, I think that clearly, we have got a few growth drivers in terms of 
the license brands, some of the new licenses that we have acquired and even growth 
in existing licenses. Even the acquisition of Four Mine Inc. and the customization that 
we offer, we are seeing incredible growth in the Four Mine Inc. segment which caters 
to sort of personalizing engagement ring space. So I would say that as the demand 
stabilizes in the US, we are very optimistic about our growth prospects, clearly 
because of the strategy that we have laid out of differentiation and as you would 
understand the US market itself is very-very large and we have a very small market 
share. So, I think with the right strategy in place there is a significant room to grow 
from here on. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Just one last follow-up from my side, you said that last April-May-June because of 
the stimulus checks we saw very high demand as retailers stocking up a lot, so that 
would mean that Q1 FY22 for us would be as such very good where we disbursed 
about Rs. 409 crore of top line. This year we have grown 40% over that and that has 
come due to what exact reason? 
Sumit Shah: 
Last year the retail sales were very strong. There is little bit of a lag right between 
them, the sales of the retailers and then buying from us. What I am trying to explain 
to you is that last year retailers experienced extremely strong sales. They did not buy 
adequately during the last year to catch up to a lot of their demands because they 
were cautious. I think that inventory levels that retailers were probably, at the end of 
last calendar year were maybe 30, 40, 50% below levels, that they should be for an 

 
Page 5 of 8 
 
appropriate level of sales. I think that is some amount of catching up that retailers 
are doing during the current calendar year to get their inventory levels to a more 
normalized number. I think that a clear reflection of the demand environment is 
actually seen only in the D2C segment, because that is our selling finally to the 
consumer, a large part of the other sales are our sales to retailers, which may not in 
timing sync exactly with retail demand that the retailers are experiencing.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Oberoi from Prudent Equity. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
My question is on capital allocation. In your annual report, I see you have 
investments in AIF, and you have gone into stocks for the first time with a position of 
Rs. 70 crore or something. So, what is the rationale for this?  
Sumit Shah: 
I think that some of the money that is lying in our overseas subsidiaries, we at a 
board level, decided to have some amount of money allocated in long-term 
investments where the company can make some money, interest rates overseas are 
almost at zero and the cash on the books was not delivering any returns. So, there 
will be some moderate amount of investments that the company plans to make in 
the future and use some of this money for acquisitions as we have done in the past. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
No, but right now you have Rs. 700 crore of gross loans and debt:equity on the gross 
basis is 0.8:1. It is like reaching 1:1 levels. 
Sumit Shah: 
Gross debt is Rs. 550 crore. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Alright. So, what is the logic of this? Wouldn't it better that you pay off the loans or 
reduce the debt?  
Sumit Shah: 
We have done, we have repaid about $4 million of debt in this quarter. I think that 
we had elevated some of these cash levels during COVID and we plan to reduce 
that as well, meaningfully going forward.  
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Yes. So, but who is vetting this, have you tied up with some professional? Because 
what I see is that from the level that you have invested is, the entire portfolio is down 
by 15% as of now, 15, 16% and this would go 20% to break even. 
Sumit Shah: 
We've set up an investment advisory committee and we have allocated some amount 
of capital that would be put on some long-term investments and I am happy to 
discuss them with you offline and show you the plan of how we plan to use this 
money and allocate some of the capital towards some long-term investments.  
Siddhart Oberoi: 
Alright. Another question is on the Bangladesh investments this actually been written 
off totally? Have you exited that country?  
Sumit Shah: 
That's right. That is right. We shut down our Bangladesh manufacturing facilities a 
couple of years ago, and it has been written off completely. It was difficult to manage 
manufacturing in Bangladesh because we were the only jewelry manufacturing 
factory there. Some of the regulations were not permitting us to operate in a manner 
that would be required. We have made a decision to shut it down. I think the 
manufacturing facilities actually shut down about two or three years ago and we have 
written off the investment completely.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan BNP 
Paribas. 

 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: My question is again, on the demand side, as you mentioned that the current 
environment is not prudent enough from the demand perspective. Can you share 
some of your past experiences, like in such a recessionary scenario, how much time 
it takes for demand to stabilize and recovery to happen? I believe that this festive 
season would be kind of muted for us. Maybe we should look more into FY24 from 
the order booking or festive season point of view, is it a right understanding?  
Sumit Shah: 
So, I would agree with you the last time there was some demand weakness really 
on a major scale was in 2008, 2009. During that timeframe, we had introduced a few 
new brands which really took off and helped us kind of continue to grow despite 
softness in demand. So, I think that the way to sort of counter some of the softness 
in demand is to come up with innovative products that allow you to continue to grow 
we are sort of attempting to do that. However, I think that your assessment would be 
accurate that the current years festive season which would be primarily for us 
thanksgiving through Christmas should be a little bit muted compared to a year ago. 
I think that, as inflation stabilizes, we should see recovery in demand.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: When the recovery would be there or I would believe that D2C part of the business 
will continue to do well for you, because I guess that would not have any significant 
impact than what we could see on B2C or B2B part of your business. I guess that 
was not something in 2008 and 2009 for you. So, D2C part of the business would 
continue to do well for you. Is it a right understanding?  
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, I mean, I think that our direct-to-consumer business at the run rate of around 
Rs. 200 crore, which is little bit less than $30 million. It is a very small business. I 
think that business has significant runway for growth. I think that because of the small 
base, I do not see that segment being impacted by the softness in demand. I think 
the softness in demand will be on the more customer brands side, which is a more 
mature business, the direct to consumer, and hopefully the branded B2B should 
continue to do well during the current year.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Last one on the margin front. As you mentioned that current inflationary environment 
and I assume that because of the muted demand and sales, we believe that margin 
pressure might continue for a few more quarters. Our earlier aspiration was to 
achieve around 9 to 10% kind of margins by FY 2024, so still that target remains, or 
we should expect margin to hover around 7 to 8% in the medium term and once the 
scale of D2C increases substantially then you expect your margins to be better off 
close to 9 to 10%.  
Sumit Shah: 
I think we were able to deliver 9% margins last year and I think for sure our aspiration 
would be to be higher than 9% margins in FY24, I think the current year, while gross 
margins will probably recover in Q3 and Q4, we may see some, de-leverage of sales 
growth remains muted, but in FY24, definitely we expect to surpass a 9% EBITDA 
margins.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Okay. One last question since now, I have seen that your working capital on books 
have also gone a bit and considering the current, you'll get nascent performance and 
operating performance, would you be able to generate cash flows and what will be 
your target in terms of debt reduction? Because I believe that for next two years at 
least we would not be able to lose a substantial portion of debt on books, which was 
the case for last two years where we have seen a debt coming down substantially 
because of the improvement in the cash flows. For 2023-24, should we expect deb 
level to be to remain same at the current level.  
Sumit Shah: 
So, I think in the current financial year, we have had some significant investments 
that we've made. We have just invested in a 50,000 square foot fulfillment center 
and fulfillment design and office in New York city, we are in the process of moving 

 
Page 7 of 8 
 
that it's a 50,000 square foot facility where we've invested around $5 million in capital 
expenditure to set up this facility. In addition to that, we have also acquired Four Mine 
Inc. in quarter four of the last financial year. We have the last payment, a significant 
part of the last payment for the acquisition of Jay Gems. I think we have had, either 
capital expenditure or payments for purchases that we've done of around a Rs. 100 
crore this year, going forward in the next financial year, we do not envisage any 
additional acquisitions. We will continue to generate cash flow and look at our 
working capital very thoughtfully. So, any cash flow generated should be used or will 
bring down the net debt. Our anticipation is that during the current year, debt 
reduction will be small because of these investments that we have done in the 
acquisition as well as our fulfillment center, but going forward, we don't anticipate 
any significant investments in capital expenditure and debt levels should go down 
with cash flows.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Shah from Business Match.  
Ashish Shah: 
Just a few questions just on the growth you mentioned that it looks like the second 
half will be slightly soft, in your segmental business, actually the gold segment also 
had a sharp jump this quarter. I was wondering anything to read into it, or it was just 
part of the course. 
Sumit Shah: 
I think the gold segment last year was impacted by COVID because Middle East was 
impacted. I do not think that there's anything significant to read into that. I think, the 
gold business, which is primarily in the Middle East has been very robust demand 
environment there has not been affected at all because, with oil prices where they 
are, Middle East is definitely impacted by that. So, we are not seeing any softness in 
demand where and that business should do well, but as you know it is a relatively 
small segment, so, it won't affect the profitability of the company significantly.  
Ashish Shah: 
Sure. The other thing on your strategy of growth, you mentioned a very important 
thing that is customization. So, do you see that customization happening across all 
your D2C products in this year? 
Sumit Shah: 
On the Four Mine Inc. side, the businesses entirely customization and 
personalization so the lab grown engagement business is a zero inventory model 
whereby we are customizing and personalizing engagement rings for customers 
because of the success of what we're seeing there, we are rolling out customization 
initiatives across Enchanted Disney Fine Jewelry this year, where we will allow 
customers to create their engagement rings based on their configuration, and then 
take it to other websites. It will be primarily restricted to two properties, Four Mine 
Inc. as well as Enchanted Disney Fine Jewelry. 
Ashish Shah: 
Okay. The other thing looks like this quarter we benefited from some operating 
leverage, because margins compressed a bit in that sense. Just one thought on that, 
on the advertising cost, did actually gone up a bit over the last two, three years. Do 
you have a number in mind that how do you map that versus, sales or where do you 
see that stabilizing eventually? 
Sumit Shah: 
I think advertising and promotions, our target is between 25 and 30% of direct-to-
consumer sales is what we are investing in, in order to grow the business. I think that 
it will be a direct correlation to the direct-to-consumer sales and that is what we're 
investing into acquire customers and grow the customer base.  
Ashish Shah: 
Okay. And one last thing, working capital, you see that as we go ahead, you see that 
working capital ballpark sustaining in and around these levels, which means largely 
your inventory.  

 
Page 8 of 8 
 
Sumit Shah: 
We do not see any meaningful increases in inventory going forward because a lot of 
our growth initiatives are around businesses that don't require the same level of 
working capital intensity as our traditional business. The number of days of working 
capital will definitely improve going forward. Some of the newer growth businesses, 
as I said, are less working capital intensive than the customer brand segment. We 
do not see any meaningful increases in inventory happening over the next two to 
three years.  
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Rishubh Vasa from Almonds Global Securities.  
Rishubh Vasa: 
I would like to ask two questions, first is regarding the contribution from the US 
region, how much percent of total sales are we getting from the US region and also 
percentage of like branded jewelry segment coming from the US? Second question 
would be for our owned brands, which geographies seeing traction? Please throw 
some color on the business outlook over here for the owned brands? 
Sumit Shah: 
So, I think around, depending on the year between 65 and 70% of our sales come 
from the US and on the branded jewelry side, I think about 90% of the sales are in 
the US and also in our owned brands. So, our international business is largely around 
customer brands and the plain gold business outside of the US, most of the branded 
business is in the US.  
Rishubh Vasa: 
Regarding the owned brands basically, can you throw some color on the business 
outlook, like geography is doing good for us, and what is our outlook going ahead? 
Sumit Shah: 
Our owned brands, as well as licensed brands, the majority of the business is, as I 
mentioned in the US, I think we’ve a retail business in India, IRASVA at a very 
nascent stage. The total sales of IRASVA are in the ballpark of Rs. 15 to 20 crore 
annually. Besides India, all of our owned brands are in the US and especially the 
new brand that we’ve acquired Four Mine Inc. the brand is called with clarity. We see 
significant growth prospects for that brand going forward.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. Should you feel 
the need for any more clarifications and like to know more about the company, please 
feel free to contact our investor relations team. Thank you for your support and your 
time. We hope to see you in the next conference call.  
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
