CENTURY ENKA LIMITED
(Factory
Phone : +91-20-66127300
Telefax : +91-20-27'120113
Email : celpune.reception@birlacentury.com
Company CIN : 124304PN'1965P1C139075
Communicate at
Post Box No. 17,
Plot No. 72 &72 -A, MIDC,
Bhosari, Pune - 411 026.
Date:16th August2022
Listing Department
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
ExchangePlaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. C/'J,,G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra [E), Mumbai 400051
Scrip Code: 500280
Symbol: CENTENKA
Sub: Transcript of Q1-FY23 Earnings Conference Call of Century Enka Limited ('the
Company')
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchhnge Board of India (Listing Obligations &
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2 01 5 ['Listing Regulations')
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find attached transcript of the Q1-
FY23 Earnings Conference Call conducted on Thursday, 11tt'August 2022. The same is also
available on the website of the Company i.e., www.centuryenka.com
This is for information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully
For Century Enka Limited.
S'>-r'
(Rahul Dubey)
Company Secretary
Membership No: FCS 8145
Regd. Office
Website
Pfot No. 72 &72 - A, M.|.D,C., Bhosari, Pune-411 026.
www.centuryenka.com
An ISO 9001 : 2015, 15014001 : 2015
& ISO 45001 :2018
Certified Company

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
Century Enka Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q1 FY23 Conference Call of Century Enka 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone telephone. I now hand the conference over to Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Century Enka Limited. On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings call for 
the first quarter of financial year 2023.  
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today’s concall maybe forward looking in nature. Such forward looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief as well as assumptions made 
by an information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today’s earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
 
Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call and 
I hand it over to them for opening remarks. We first we have with us Mr. Suresh Sodani –
Managing Director and Mr. Krishnagopal Ladsaria – Chief Financial Officer. Without any further 
delay I request Mr. Sodani to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Thank you and Good afternoon everyone. I would like to welcome you all to our Q1 FY23 
earnings conference call. I hope you and your loved ones are all keeping safe. Let me brief you 
on the operational highlights for the first quarter of financial year 2023. We had a healthy 
growth in revenues and volumes in Q1 FY23 compared to the same period in previous year 
which was obviously impacted by second wave of COVID. Our overall sales volume of Q1 FY23 
increased by around 18% year-on-year to 17,598 metric tons.  

 
Page 2 of 11 
 
In case of Nylon tyre cord fabrics overall demand has moderated slightly as tyre companies are 
yet to achieve optimal capacity utilization. There was a steep correction in Chinese NTCF prices 
however imports were muted. Medium to long term prospects remain positive supported by 
robust exports pick up in OEM demand for tyres, restriction on tyre imports and anti-dumping 
duty on Chinese radial tyre imports as well as pickup in overall economic activity.  
 
In case of Nylon filament yarn we witnessed better volume in our traditionally weak quarter 
although the pass through of cost increases is becoming difficult incrementally due to high 
absolute prices of yarn and slowdown in China leading to dumping of cheaper NFI domestic 
prices. Caprolactam prices remained elevated during the quarter although prices in China have 
corrected significantly in Q2 FY23 and is having an impact on NFI prices.  
 
On capex front as you are aware the company has undertaken capital expenditure plan of over 
300 crores to strengthen its  competitive position in tyre reinforcement markets through 
modernization of plants, augmenting capacity and also increasing capacity of Draw Texturized 
Yarn and mother yarn. All capex sanctioned by the board are running as per schedule. The 
orders were all long delivery items being place on reputed equipment manufacture. 
 
The cash outflow for capex in Q1 FY23 was around Rs. 72 crores and the projected cash outflow 
in FY23 is expected to be about 200 crores on the ongoing capex plan. The target 
commissioning of NTCF projects in Q4 FY23 while target commissioning of full capacity of 
polyester tyre cord fabric is expected by Q4 FY24. Value addition and expansion in NFI capacity 
is expected to be completed by Q4 FY23 and Q4 FY24 respectively. Now I request our CFO to 
brief you on financial performance.  
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Thank you sir. Good afternoon everyone. The operating revenue for Q1 FY23 stood at 568 
crores which represent an increase of 34% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter stood at 61 
crores which was a decline of 0.5% year-on-year and this represented an EBITDA margin of 
10.76%. Profit after tax we reported at 40 crores which was a decline of 5.2% year-on-year and 
PAT margin was at 7.1%. The product wise number the product wise sales increased for NTCF 
by 15% year-on-year at 285 crores while for NFI increase was 60% as mentioned by [Inaudible 
05:18] last year it was impacted by COVID second wave. So sales stood for NFI at 245 crores. 
Now we open the floor for question and answer.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of AM Lodha from Sanmati Consultants. Please go 
ahead. 
AM Lodha: 
Sir, I have got two questions I required clarification regarded power and fuel cost in the quarter 
has gone up considerably, we have the power plant to the call-based power plant? 

 
Page 3 of 11 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
We do not have any captive power plants. We are connected to grid power in Pune as well as 
Bharuch plant. We do utilize the open access to drop at cheaper rate, but we do not have any 
captive power plant.  
AM Lodha: 
Sir, what is the average cost of the power used by the company during the quarter? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
For our Bharuch plant it was somewhere around Rs. 8.40 paisa for Pune plant it was around Rs. 
5.30 paisa.  
AM Lodha: 
Why not the company is considering [Inaudible 07:12] surplus and even in Godavari steel plants 
are putting up solar power plant why do not the company consider to put up the green power 
that is the solar power plant to contain the cost of the power in the future year? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
We are doing it for our Bharuch plant. We have gone into group captive which is a hybrid of 
solar and wind and this will be commissioned somewhere in the month of March. So, with that 
commissioning nearly 30% of our Bharuch requirement will be met from this group captive 
source which will be cheaper compared to the normal.  
AM Lodha: 
Still Rs. 8.40 paisa is too high compared to the cost of the solar power generation including 
interest on the investment which we consider. So, you should plan the bigger power plant in 
the Bharuch because Rs. 8.40 paisa will become Rs. 10 in coming two years’ time? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
We have taken the maximum available capacity as per the group captive scheme. There are 
transcriptions on which we can do and this is the maximum capacity has been taken which will 
meet 30% of the requirement at Bharuch.  
AM Lodha: 
My second question is relative to DMart status of the 229.27 crores in the (Inaudible) 8:41. 
One thing is pending of tribunal appeal and another matter is pending at supreme court, can 
you put some light on this either any retained development or what is the status of the above 
thing? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
So, the demand which was at around 230 crores has been reduced to 7.3 crores now and the 
company is in appeal to supreme court and as per the legal advise which company has received 
even that 1.3 crores there is a good chance that demand may not materialize. Our appeal is 
there in supreme court and we are pursuing it, but there is no development in last 3 months in 
this regard.  
AM Lodha: 
But what is the matter pending with appellate tribunal, has there department has filed a appeal 
with the tribunal against the order of the commissioner? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
So, the reduction which the commissioner appeal has done from 230 crores to 7.3 crores 
department is in appeal, but it is more of an administrative appeal which they have done 
because in our view whatever correction has been done in demand has been as per the earlier 

 
Page 4 of 11 
order of CSAT. So, it is in line with that order only. So, as and when matter will come up for 
hearing we will know more on the matter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Agarwal from Aequitas Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Shubham Agarwal: 
Sir my first question is likely near term so YoY we have seen both revenue and volume growth 
obviously on a low base, but it seems like Q1 margins are on a declining trends, so firstly I 
wanted to know how grave is the China situation because they would be competitive in terms 
of raw material pricing and how do you guide the margin going forward? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
First of all I think rightly said that comparison is more with the last year Quarter 1 because we 
are seasonality particularly on the NFI side and even in that scenario traditionally weak Q1 we 
have good numbers both in volume as well as in turnover. China has been unstable mainly 
because of the lockdown that have happened in various cities and areas which has impacted 
their value chains and supply chain. So, certain products right from lactam to even the fabrics 
having either being higher or lower and which has led to demand imbalance and surplus stocks 
availability in various parts of the value chain and that has what has disturbed the market even 
in India and which we are seeing it also in some of the products. We expect that now since 
China has opened up even with some restrictions that in Q2 and most likely in Q3 things would 
stabilize and that would reflect revert back to normal practices that are there in China. I mean 
we have been operating in the same environment of China competition in past as well. So, we 
expect that Q3 onwards should become a more normalize unless COVID situation again 
becomes critical and China takes a very hard view on lockdowns and other aggressive markets.  
Shubham Agarwal: 
But if I compare the realization of what Chinese are dumping at what price in India compared 
to our ask what is the difference currently? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
See we cannot give a generic answer because China sense material from lactam just to yarn to 
even fabrics. So, it is varying from product-to-product and then there are multiple yarns, but 
as I said it becomes a challenge with the holder of the stock to sell rather than hold our price 
in China and that is what we have seen particularly in later half of Quarter 1 and in Quarter 2. 
However, the volumes have not significantly higher they are higher, but it is not a case of 
gigantic increase in import term. Yes the pricings have been as I said this happens when the 
value chain is disturbed and some players want to reduce their stock level they would select 
any price. So, this would not reflect normal pricing level with respect to the industries.  
Shubham Agarwal: 
Sir secondly my question was with regards to the land so you in the last quarter mentioned 
that if there is any update would you like to share with regards to usage of the land? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
There has been no update as I said these are not short-term things which can happen I mean 
as and when it happens definitely we announce as part of our presentation, but there are no 

 
Page 5 of 11 
updates. We keep looking for opportunities and as and when something materializes we will 
inform.  
Shubham Agarwal: 
And lastly sir what would be our Caprolactam current buying price? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Caprolactam is currently trading at around $2,000 per metric tons.  
Shubham Agarwal: 
So almost $300 correction in last few months? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
On an average last quarter was at around $2,200 so from 2,200 it is now at around $2,000.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Jain from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Pranav Jain: 
So sir we have made an investment of around 26% in Abrel Century Energy Limited, so what is 
the rationale behind it and the amount invested and what is the return we expect from the 
same? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
This investment is for group captive which we are doing for our Bharuch plant. So, at Bharuch 
we are putting up 10.5 megawatt group captive project which is solar plus wind and for that 
project there is a requirement that we invest 26% in the SPV which has been formed for this 
purpose and total investment expected in the SPV will be around 8.8 crores and this is not for 
the return on investment it is on saving power. So, power cost saving will be there over the 
period and it is quite attractive.  
Pranav Jain: 
So sir how much savings we expect from this investment? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
So, our expectation is that if the power supply is as per the expectation it will be around 15 
crore saving per annum.  
Pranav Jain: 
And sir second question regarding the realization per ton trend, so our realization per ton is 
increasing on QoQ basis, so is it due to increase in the NSTAR NTCF volumes or it is mainly 
because of the prices or it is mainly because of the volume mix? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
So, it is mainly reflection of the price increases that were there compared to Q4 in the 
underlying raw material. Some exchanges do happen between the products, but prime reason 
is increase in the raw material pricing.  
Pranav Jain: 
Sir, lastly our operating margins are at the lower end if you see in this quarter it is somewhere 
around 10.5%, so when will we expect this to rise like, what is your guidance regarding this? 

 
Page 6 of 11 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
I think our normal expectation of margins is in the range of 10% to 13% and it will keep varying 
based on the raw material pricing because that impacts the margin calculation as well. So, as I 
said Q1 pricing of raw materials were higher, it also had an impact on the margin percentage.  
Pranav Jain: 
Sir you said that the Caprolactam prices have corrected like around $200 per tons apart from 
this, so the major was the power and fuel cost, major contributing factor was power and fuel 
cost? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Yes in the EBITDA margins yes one of them is also power and fuel which have increased 
significantly compared to Q1 last year and some improvement increase even compared to Q4 
that definitely and that is a industry wise, economy wise phenomena because of the underlying 
pricing of coal and other fuel cost.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Gupta from AV Fincorp. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Gupta: 
So, we are planning for a capex of around 300 crore, is it right? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Yes.  
Vikas Gupta: 
So, how much might be the cash left after doing this capex? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
How much would be sorry? 
Vikas Gupta: 
How much will be the capital or cash that will left over after completing this capex? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
We will be sufficiently funded on liquidity even after spending 300 crores based on the current 
quarter and the likelihood of similar performance in future quarters. So, we expect that the 
entire spending that we are doing in the current financial year would be out of the generations 
between the current. So, we can expect similar levels of cash flow at the end of the financial 
year.  
Vikas Gupta: 
So, what might be the idea to utilize the cash after this cycle get spend? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
No, we keep evaluating opportunities for further growth and these are tested and both of 
process of rigorous proper strategy part of it and also it is to be presented before the board, so 
during the year we come up with some interesting and looks good long term back to on our 
keeping our strategic fit we will utilize this surplus fund, idea is not to keep this fund idle, but 
utilize it for more productive use.  
Vikas Gupta: 
My second question is related to the receivable so is there any receivable from Birla Tyres 
Limited? 

 
Page 7 of 11 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Yes there was receivable of around 7 crores from Birla tyres which were fully provided a year 
back and so there no exposure to Birla tyre which is un-provided or which is open for us.  
Vikas Gupta: 
Do we expect this to get back to us any update on this? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
So this Birla tyre is in NCLT receiver has been appointed for Birla tyre and it will all depend on 
what is the realisability of their assets. So, we are hoping that some part will be recovered of 
this, but as of now company has fully provided for those receivable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple capital advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir I wanted to understand that after the capital expansion that we are planning that you said, 
so will our margin profile change currently you mentioned it is around 10% to 13%, so do we 
expect that to change after the capex is gone? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Difficult to comment because once these are markets which are volatile, but we expect our 
internal estimate is that it should remain in that range on a higher base, higher turnover 
because margins are also determined by how our end user segment what tyre and textile are 
doing and there help will also determine the margins that we are on in the company. So, we 
expect that this should remain in this range, but there could be upside and some volatility 
depending on how other factors play out.  
Anant Mundra: 
But in some NFI we are going into some more value added products am I correct I mean after 
the capex I mean we can expect some kind of at least margin increase in the NFI segment, is 
that understanding correct? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Obviously the purpose of doing value addition to certain product is to improve margins, but 
these are not significant in terms of the overall capacity. It is more of portfolio adjustments and 
making products which are better margins and which are more acceptable to the markets. As 
we mentioned in the last call we expect that by FY25 the top line should grow by 20% to 25% 
and the margins in that range should remain 10% to 13%.  
Anant Mundra: 
So, my next question sir so we are getting into polyester as well now we plan to get into 
polyester so what would be the raw material for PPCL? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
These are polyester chips which are available both domestically and internationally and 
thereafter go through a process and finally make to a polyester tyre cord fabric.  
Anant Mundra: 
So, is there adequate domestic availability for polyester chips or again like or again like 
Caprolactam we will have to be dependent on imports? 

 
Page 8 of 11 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
The polyester domestic availability is better than nylon Caprolactam or nylon chips. So, 
polyester there are two domestic producer as well as more international producer even outside 
China.  
Anant Mundra: 
And in this also will we have the capacity to make chips ourselves in polyester like how we have 
in nylon? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
We will be starting with purchase of chips because that is a large volume business and we do 
not intend to get into chips polyester chips manufacturing.  
Anant Mundra: 
And sir one more question I read in the annual report that we are exporting some green 
polymer chips currently, so is that the only export that we are doing or are there other products 
also that we are exporting? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
We do export some quantities of yarn and that is more to develop certain markets and these 
are normally from specialized yarns, some special required by the customer, but that volume 
is small the larger volume of exports is green polymer chips.  
Anant Mundra: 
Is this scalable or the green polymer chip opportunity is exports is this scalable or this is where 
it will plateau or what is the plan here? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
So, currently we use our own internal waste and converted into back to polymers and can 
convert to chips, scalability will come if we have to buy this waste from outside and which is a 
very difficult thing because waste come in all kind of mixes whereas we are using our own 
waste we assure of the quality and what is going into that and this is subject to certain 
international certifications. So, we have to be very sure of the quality of products that we are 
exporting. So, in the interim we do not have new plans to expand this capacity, but if 
opportunity arises and there are possibility of getting assured raw materials in terms of quality 
we could look at this possibility as well. 
Anant Mundra: 
What is the opportunity that we have in terms of exports to develop the export market because 
our export front is so limited, is that the focus or we are currently only focusing on expanding 
domestically more? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
The focus currently is on domestic markets which is growing and obviously the realizations are 
also better compared to export markets, export would be mainly niche products where we get 
better realizations compared to domestic markets or there is a demand for certain products 
which domestic markets still not developed for.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of AM Lodha from Sammati Consultants. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 11 
AM Lodha: 
There are two follow up questions there is total expansion of 300 crore can you give split of 
NTCF and the polyester? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
As mentioned we are in single segments so both on turnover, on volumes everything is on 
similar basis, but majority portion of this expansion is on the reinforcement business. 
AM Lodha: 
Sorry sir can you repeat it? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
The reinforcement business this is the tyre cord segments, majority of that is on tyre cord 
segments. 
AM Lodha: 
It has been mentioned in the presentation NTFC Quarter 4 FY23 and polyester tyre cord FY24? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Yes.  
AM Lodha: 
So, just I wanted the breakup of the investment in total breakup of the two lines nylon tyre 
cord and polyester tyre cord? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
As mentioned these are products that are mainly we are into synthetic yarns business and then 
manufacturing products out of that. So, we are giving only the sales breakup and for 
competitive reasons mentioned earlier also. 
AM Lodha: 
Can you just tell us in this how much turnover we can expect on full capacity utilization of all 
your debottlenecking and on the fresh capex? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Yeah once these are commissioned in FY25 we expect a top line growth of 20% to 22% on the 
baseline price of 2022 FY22 which will keep varying if prices go up and down the numbers could 
change and it is underlying raw material change. So, we expect about 20% to 25% top line 
growth.  
AM Lodha: 
My second question is how much cash and cash equivalent we have as on 30th June 22 please? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
If we had to mentioned that we would have given that therefore we have given along with the 
balance sheet in the September, but as I mentioned in an earlier question we are sufficient 
liquidity and by the year end we expect that the current capex spent would be done out of the 
operating profits of the current year. 
AM Lodha: 
Why am I asking, I am asking from the point of view that because I have observed that the 
management holding is very low in this Century Enka when you have the surplus cash why do 
not the management consider the buyback of its shares which will not only increase the holding 
of the management, if management does not participate and this will be beneficial to all our 
minority shareholder. So, this is purely a suggestion sir the company can do the buyback of 

 
Page 10 of 11 
shares and to increase the holding because the low holding always in our investors mind a very 
low holding of 27%, 28%, 30% is not good for any management.  
Management: 
We convey your suggestion to the board that is something that only the board and promoters 
can decide we will convey your suggestion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Anant Mundra: 
I wanted to understand what are the different products that we manufacture at Pune and 
Bharuch, how are they different or they are the same products? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Both the plants manufacture both nylon tyre cord fabric as well as nylon filament yarn. Only 
difference is nylon filament yarn has multiple products and large number of SKUs so which are 
divided between both the plants depending on past and equipments that are there. In case of 
NTCF both plants have the facility. We are now putting up a dipping facility at Pune which was 
not there and that will also get commissioned in Q4 of this financial year. So, NTCF which is 
very similar at both the plants.  
Anant Mundra: 
And sir what is the current value of the Mahad land that you are planning to sell on our books? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
We are not trying to sell that land as we have mentioned earlier. We are looking at 
opportunities either to utilize it gainfully for some of our products or different expansions and 
as and when we have not got anything any valuation done since we are not actively using 
looking to sell that land. So as and when any transaction is anything is due for announcement 
we will do as a part of our earnings presentation. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir just one clarification to one of the questions that the earlier participant had asked so we are 
planning to invest around 8.8 crores in the solar and wind captive group captive schemes and 
the savings that we expect out of that is 15 crores annually, is that figure correct? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Yes. 
Anant Mundra: 
So, on an 8.8 crore investments we are envisaging savings of approximately 15 crores? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Yes because this pricing of power is a fixed pricing and cheaper to the grid pricing. So, when we 
enter into agreement the pricing is fixed and that gives us the confidence and this is saving is 
based on the differential between with a current grid rates where we are drawing the power 
from.  
Anant Mundra: 
And sir my final question so just wanted to understand how big is the unorganized segment in 
the NFI segment and how big are the second or third competitors in this industry we are the 

 
Page 11 of 11 
biggest, how big is the second and third largest competitor that we have and how large is the 
unorganized sector in this? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Actually unorganized segment is the largest on a combined basis because this is a very modular 
business at low investment many people get into small capacities. The next competitors are in 
the range of 10% to 15% and lower next two and three, but the majority on a combined basis 
are unorganized basis.  
Anant Mundra: 
Has there been a decline of the presence on unorganized sector in this segment or they are 
maintaining that market share? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
There is some decline especially after the COVID many small scale, but there are also new 
entrants. So, I mean it is difficult to keep a track on who is entering and who is leaving to a large 
extent, but based on the market information on not a very confirm basis these entries and exit 
keeps happening.  
Anant Mundra: 
I am assuming NTCF the unorganized sector presence would be far lower than the NFI 
segment? 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
There is no in fact nobody in the unorganized sector in the NTCF because that is the very 
technical product and to work through a rigorous approval process with the tyre company and 
obviously also the investments are large. So, there is no unorganized player in the NTCF market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Krishnagopal Ladsaria: 
Just to your clarification in one of the question I mentioned power cost for Pune at Rs. 5.3 in 
fact it is Rs. 6.6 per unit because earlier it was there that there is an increase in charges. So, 
that is one clarification and we want to thank all the participants for their active participation 
and if there are any follow up question you can always reach us. There is a investor relation 
link on our website. So, your question can be put up there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Century Enka 
Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines.  
