Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited
Registered Office: # 8-2-334 I SDE Serene Chambers I 3rd Floor I Road No.5  
Avenue 7 I Banjara Hills I Hyderabad – 500034 I Telangana I India I CIN: L24299TG2018PLC128171  
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 /1142 /3311 I Fax: 91 40 2354 1152 I Email: info@suvenpharm.com I www.suvenpharm.com 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2022-23 
August 16, 2022 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064 
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 conducted 
after the meeting of Board of Directors held on August 8, 2022. 
The above information has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://www.suvenpharm.com/index.php/investors/financial-info/quarterly-release
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
K Hanumantha Rao 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
Suven Pharmaceuticals 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 08, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY23 earnings 
conference call of Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you. 
And over to you, Sir. 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on this call to discuss the Q1 
FY23 earnings for Suven Pharmaceuticals. We have with us Mr. Venkat Jasti, the 
Managing Director and Mr. Venkatraman Sunder – Vice President, Corporate 
Affairs, and Mr. Subba Rao, CFO of the Company. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Documents relating to the Company's performance have been 
mailed to you earlier. 
I now request Mr. Jasti to share his perspectives on the performance and outlook. 
Over to you, Sir. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Thank you, Rishab. Thank you everyone for tuning in and good evening to all. As 
you know, Suven results will not be comparable quarter-on-quarter basis, because 
of volatility and the nature of the business. If you see on a quarter-on-quarter basis 
there is less growth in revenue. But compared to the last year same quarter we 
might see a better growth in terms of revenue, EBITDA, profitability and on all 
aspects. 
Last year was a very good year for us, as you know some of these old molecules 
which were repurposed for the COVID as inspirational sales. Also there is one 
other COVID molecule which was launched by the global innovator. So, those 
sales were there. As you know, because it was the pandemic, you may not get that 
every year and that maybe considered as a one-off thing, but filling that gap we feel 
itself is going to be a task for us. We are hopeful to meet the numbers delivered 
last year. 
One thing I wanted to bring up is, there are increased cost due to logistics as some 
of the raw materials especially solvents is going up and the higher inflation all these 
are affecting the profitability marginally, but we should be able to maintain the 
profitability even more or less under these trying circumstances. 
As I was telling you last year results are because of the COVID related activity and 
all the stuff, this year will be a transformation year because the global innovators 

 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
themselves are now coming back to the original role of inventing molecules for all 
other diseases rather than concentrating only on COVID molecules. So, there will 
be a small gap, and because I only have six months' visibility, I can tell you right 
now that whatever we deliver will be similar to last year's performance filling in the 
gaps of those lost to COVID. But we hope in quarter three we will have a better 
idea on how that will ramp up as the last year’s numbers. 
The second thing I want to mention is that the quarter-over-quarter revenue growth 
was a little bit lower this quarter due to slightly lower payouts in the speciality 
chemicals and formulations. However, this will continue to change in other quarters 
anyway. 
As you know, we have our Casper in April, and we were telling you last time that 
few months later we should have the inspection done by the US FDA and I am glad 
to inform you that 29th of July the inspection was carried out by the US FDA and as 
the inspection passed without any observations and already, we have filed about 
four ANDAs and the gold days will start from March 2023 onwards. So the revenue 
accretion will take place only post that and another ten will be filed within this year 
and so the revenue generation from Casper will happen in 2023-2024 timeframe. If 
at all are passed it may come this year, but this is the natural progression and we 
are happy that things are going well without any delays and in general things are 
better. As I was telling you getting the new projects is a little bit slower because of 
the transformation process from the big pharma and we will know by November- 
December timeframe when the new budgets are taken care of by the pharma then 
this will be based on the talks we have with the customer as it will be coming back 
to the normal and we do have a good traction in the CDMO. 
So, I just want to give you these qualitative things and then I will look forward for 
your comments and questions, so I can answer you better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session.  
The first question is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from JM PMS.  
Sudarshan P: 
My question is on the cost as you had talked in the first quarter and also in the 
opening commentary that raw material cost, the solvent cost as well as the 
transportation cost being higher. My question to you is when you are looking at it 
from a trajectory perspective how does the cost look when we are in the second 
quarter, have we seen some kind of cost coming off and how are we placed on this 
side? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Not that much difference we see, I mean, whatever it is tapered down compared to 
earlier quarters, but it is still continuing. 
Sudarshan P: 
My second question is we are embarking on this capex Rs. 200 crore annually and 
that has also, you had mentioned that one of the specialty chemicals post the 
commercialization later this year a bunch of pharmaceutical CRAMS products 
which are in the late stages can get into commercial. So if you can give some color, 
I mean, I am not talking about on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but when we take say 
the next two to three years, as we talked about Casper is gaining some momentum 
going forward say from FY2024, but specifically from the pharma CRAMS and 
specialty CRAMS, how do we see the commercialization gathering momentum 
especially in the light of capex? 
Venkat Jasti: 
It is not in our hands as I was telling every time this is a success of the molecules 
that the clinical trial will give us the opportunity to the big product. Even the 

 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
customer will not be knowing the results until the end of the trial is over. As of now 
there is no indications but going by the past few years the traction is much better 
and sometimes it can happen two or three molecules can go in a quarter or not 
sometimes two, three quarters nothing can go out so. But in general the seamless 
transitionary projects are happening and with the new budgets coming in at the end 
of the year by the R&D focus and going forward with all the other indications and 
the COVID and based on the talks we had that it is naturally the traction and 
hopefully the success of the molecules that the clinical trail will give. So I cannot 
give you anything quantitatively, but qualitatively we are very confident that things 
are moving in the right direction, but quantitatively I cannot give because I do not 
have any data neither my customer has the data. 
Sudarshan P: 
Can you share how much of molecules on the CRAMS and specialty are in the late 
stage which can potentially get into the commercialization. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Again as I see the number has no meaning in this place, I mean, if I say 100 and 
only 15 to 20 are only giving you the revenues. See it is not a percentage split like 
in generic. It can give you a zero to one as there is no in-between. So number of 
molecules has no meaning because it is only the mix and match it is the one that 
gives us some sense and also the continued revenue generation from the ordinary 
market products but giving you a guidance based on how many will convert and all 
that the stuff is as very big task and we do not have a clear picture on that neither 
do my customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge Capital.  
Ankush Agarwal: 
Firstly, in your opening comment, you mentioned that last year we had some 
COVID led extra revenues and this year the organic growth would largely lead to 
filling up the revenues that would not be there. So would it be able to quantify how 
much of FY2022 revenues were because of the spike which would not be available 
this year? 
Venkat Jasti: 
About Rs. 120 crore. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Which quarters we saw that impact because I remember last quarter of Q4 FY2022 
asking you this question is the higher growth of 40% that we were seeing for last 
two quarters if that had some impact of COVID, but you mentioned at that time you 
know that this is broadly not COVID led growth this is largely organic growth. So 
what changed that? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No it was all the quarters and the third and fourth quarters are a little bit higher 
especially fourth quarter but what I am saying is the organic growth will fill that gap 
that is what based on the exiting orders and also based on the communications we 
have and the CDMO business. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Secondly on the Casper business now we have this approval in place, and you 
also mentioned that the timeline when we start seeing revenues so would it be 
possible to share more color on the kind of opportunity that is there for Suven in 
terms of the end market price that we have filed? 
Venkat Jasti: 
See we are not going after the big blockbusters, we keep telling you, I mean these 
are the niche molecules and they are small volume molecules, and the total 
number will be filed by 14 to 15 in Casper itself. Out of that, four are already filed 
where the inspection has taken place the goal is that it will get started in March 
2023 onwards. And one maybe before that, so at this time it is very difficult for me 
estimate because until we get into the year or two before we can not give you a 
quantification. 

 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Ankush Agarwal: 
But since not molecule specific in terms of end market size. What do we think 
Casper would bring for Suven in three, four, five years some guidance on that? In 
one of the interviews you mentioned that it could be a Rs. 300 crore?  
Venkat Jasti: 
While the year 25-26 comes it will be around Rs. 300 to 400 crore we expect the 
formulation business to derive. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Just a clarification lastly on this so this is the pure profit-sharing model right we are 
not getting any manufacturing model properly, so it is not a CDMO kind of thing? 
Venkat Jasti: 
You we get both put together the sales price which is cost plus and also the 
product sharing. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
And in what kind of percentage is that Sir is it like normal 50, 50 or slow? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No it is keep changing it depending on the molecule. 
Moderator: 
The next that is from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital.  
Darshit Shah: 
Congratulations for the good results for this quarter. Sir you quantified that around 
Rs. 120 crore last year was due to this COVID drug. Could you tell us roughly how 
much was if at all it was in this Q1 if there is any contribution for the COVID drug? 
Venkat Jasti: 
We are not giving drug by drug that’s why we are only giving you the combined 
because it does not make sense to give something which is not going to be 
repeated and then again people just put in Excel sheets, compare and then we will 
not be able to meet that. So the best thing is to give you the combined because 
especially the COVID related drugs as I said last time it is a one-off kind of thing 
one off means the one year something like that. 
Darshit Shah: 
Only I wanted to understand because you said out of that Rs. 120 crore major 
contribution came in third and fourth quarter. So if you look at Q1 number currently 
versus last year’s Q1 we have done fairly well, and we have grown around 30% 
year-on-year so just wanted to have a sense on that? 
Venkat Jasti: 
See we cannot compare say like the generic things where we have same product 
to give and so you cannot compare with that with this product mix change will be 
there and the valuations of the products will also be there, and the stage of the 
product also is there so many variables so you cannot compare, year-on-year yes 
but not quarter-on-quarter. 
Darshit Shah: 
Sir if you look at our annual report this time you are talking quite a bit about forward 
integrating where we want to make intermediates to more intermediates and 
generic APIs and also to lifecycle management services products, we have our 
global innovators. Also, we have been telling that we are in conservation and that 
we have the plan but that has been delayed due to COVID so where does it stand 
now and how that panning out? 
Venkat Jasti: 
We are restarting that activity with our customers the travels has not started yet 
and the activity which we are starting now hopefully will culminate into their trial in 
India so that they can start the activity. So we have started all over again. 
Darshit Shah: 
But do you see this to be a very good opportunity that you can materialize over 
next two, three years? 

 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, it takes a lot even for any change with the innovator it takes at least minimum 
of three years before you see any tactical research, so we hope, unfortunately 
when we started this activity way back because in 2019 and in 2020 we came in 
and we lost 2020-2021. So I think 2025 timeframe we should be able to hopefully 
get some kind of traction into this kind of activity of forward integrating it and offers 
the lifecycle management. 
Darshit Shah: 
My last question is how much there is cash in books lie after paying off Casper 
around $20 million? 
Sunder Venkatraman: We have Rs. 380 crores now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from Elara Capital.  
Abdulkader P: 
My first question is on the CDMO side. From the last two quarters, if I just look at 
the quarterly sales and revenues, we are at close to Rs. 210 crore so since just to 
better understand best sort of a revenue available whether it is for chemical 
molecules which are driving the things or there are some traction what you have 
seen on the commercial side again, I am not thinking of any specific numbers but 
directionally if you could tell it would be useful? 
Venkat Jasti: 
It is a combination. It is a 60/40 tilting towards the commercial. 
Abdulkader P: 
Secondly on your guidance so earlier you have been guiding for a mid-teen 10% to 
15% growth so are we still maintaining that on the Rs. 120 crore base value you 
have or excluding that we are maintaining the guidance? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No, as I mentioned in my earlier opening statement, last year which is because of 
COVID which is to the tune of Rs. 120 crore, filling that gap itself on organically is a 
challenge for us and we are hoping that it will be done but 10% to 15% growth we 
have not given this time because as I said this is a transformation year not only for 
us but also for the customers who are mainly focused on the COVID is now coming 
back into the main field into R&D so that will give us a traction into the new projects 
and that will give you things in the end of third quarter I guess we will be able to 
give you much better growth as of now we are sticking to the last year’s numbers. 
Abdulkader P: 
Just finally on the CDMO specialty chemical business so here we have added one 
molecule, or which had got commercialized towards the start of FY2022 so how the 
traction is there? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No that is an initial requirement only because unlike this is not going to be a global 
one unlike the human medication so it will be a small quantity and it will be at least 
a year and a half or two years before we get the repeat business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rashmi Sancheti from Dolat Capital.  
Rashmi Sancheti: 
My question again on CRAMS business can you give us the total number of 
molecules can you give the breakup in phase one, phase two and phase three 
currently we have? 
Venkat Jasti: 
As we have stopped giving you that breakup because the numbers are not giving 
you the right indication because if I give you as I was telling earlier if I have 100 but 
I believe generally it is only 120 so the number has no meaning. So we have 
dispensed away with that, it is a very difficult thing for us to tell which one gives you 
this and which one is going to give you that and in which phase. Because there is a 
gap for everything from phase one to phase two it is a year gap and phase two to 

 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
phase three is a year and a half to two-year gap, three to the last it is a three-year 
gap all these things. So it is really difficult for us that is why we are doing a 
combined activity in the CRAMS so both commercial and the pre-clinical. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
But we had five products in phase three out of that also we were expecting that one 
product will get commercialized? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I have not gotten any indications so far, the phase three as I said it takes three 
years before you see any result out of that only one is a one-and-a-half-year-old, 
the other ones are one year old only. So there is a long way to go so that is why we 
cannot give any guidance on that and also to breakup also. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
But as of now today we have total five products in the commercial stage right which 
we are supplying and the last being the anti-infective which is a COVID molecule? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
When you said that CRAMS has really done well because of both base CRAMS as 
well as because of the commercial supply, so commercial supplies you meant that 
the fifth molecule we have supplied in a big way in this quarter and how is it 
expected in the subsequent quarters? 
Venkat Jasti: 
We did not say it is a big way we have supplied and also, I said there is COVID 
molecule is going to be a one of kind of a thing so you cannot expect that to 
continue ramp up that is not the indication what we got from the customer. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
On specialty side, currently we have around three molecules right. So any 
particular guidance like earlier you use to always say that we will be doing a flattish 
growth because the third molecule will gradually pickup do you still stick to your 
guidance that we will be doing more or less flattish growth or we see that, that 
molecule can pick up? 
Venkat Jasti: 
See as of now, I will stick to the old guidance since the third molecule as you said 
at least one, one year away before we get the repeat business so that amount will 
not be there so with that also I am just getting to the same thing there maybe 5% at 
this way or that way can happen other than that not much difference. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
On formulation business, you said that Casper we have filed 4 ANDAs can you 
give us organically how much ANDAs we have filed I think we have around 8 
products on shelf in the US market right. So if you can give how much Suven has 
filed or if you can just club totally and give the numbers to us. 
Venkat Jasti: 
As of now we have filed above 20 in Suven we are not talking about Casper out of 
that ten are approved, ten are launched already and in Casper we have filed four 
and the gold days are starting from March of 2023 onwards and another ten will be 
filed during the year in Casper. So another seven or eight will be filed in Suven so it 
will be there by the time about 40 will be filed by the end of March 2023 all put 
together. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
What did you say in FY2023 Casper are we expecting any launches, or we expect 
that it will take around one- or two-year’s time? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No, it will start doing from March 2023 that means the results will be in fiscal 2024. 

 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
My last question again on the breakup in your overall formulation and other 
services of around Rs. 11 crore how much is the formulation business in Q1 
FY2023 and versus Q4 FY2021? 
Venkat Jasti: 
That is to formulation all you know. It will be Rs. 1 crore or Rs. 1.5 crore. Other 
services would be less than Rs. 2 crore 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
And rest all is at least Rs. 1 Crores is formulation only and similarly last quarter in 
Q1 FY2022. 
Venkat Jasti: 
I do not have the number handy right now. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
Sir Rs. 25 crore was the total reported sales from formulation and other services. 
So roughly how much the formulation was that time? 
Sunder Venkatraman: Formulation was Rs. 11 crore (this includes Rs. 2 crores of other services). 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
So it has really declined? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, and we cannot depend on when we launch and all that, when we launch that 
as a repeat business comes then it takes time and you can have more maybe next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investments.  
Sachin Kasera: 
One question on the formulation business, your annual report mentions about four 
wheels that you are putting in there and you also are mentioning that once we have 
start to improve well there would be a significant growth and it will be  a profitable 
driver. So can you give us some sense which year are we looking at that all these 
products will start to do well is it like FY2025-2026 any broad idea you can give? 
Venkat Jasti: 
As I said by the time 2025-2026 comes in, we should have about Rs. 300 crore to 
400 crore on both sale plus profitability numbers put together. 
Sachin Kasera: 
I thought Rs. 300, 400 crore you are seeing on only Casper that is including 
Suven’s growth for all. 
Venkat Jasti: 
See the Casper has not yet started. We are putting together. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Secondly you have mentioned about new service offering for forward integration 
and lifecycle management for the existing clients can you give us some more 
perspective on that? 
Venkat Jasti: 
As I said we started this activity way back in 2019 and there is somehow two 
customers they are showed willingness and they want to put resources to that but 
unfortunately COVID stopped all that activity and we are restarting that activity this 
year because now they have started slowly coming to visit the facilities and I think it 
will take another four to five months or six months hopefully in the calendar year 
2023 we should be able to have them come here and then do the diligence and all 
other stuffs if everything goes well at least it takes three years before you can get 
any tangible results out of this initiative. 
Sachin Kasera: 
But over the three, four-year period can this be a growth path of our revenue or it is 
just a small extension to what we do or can you make significant revenue driver 
over a period of three to four years? 

 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Venkat Jasti: 
Intent is there. It is a speculation to give a huge run up on the future. So naturally it 
will have a value-added things and it will have the additional revenue and all the 
stuff, and it will ramp eventually but right now even we are not started yet even 
getting an approval so it is not fair on my part to give you a number on that but it 
will be accretive and additional we may start slowly but it will increase naturally like 
the CRAMS sets out. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Finally, can you give us some status with regards to capex how much you trying to 
do in FY2023 and if anything in 2024 also if you can give us the visibility? 
Venkat Jasti: 
In FY2023 it will be about Rs. 225 to 250 crore all together including the 
replacement Capex. 
Sachin Kasera: 
In FY2024 also we should see some similar numbers? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, Rs. 200 to 250 crore see this is out of the Rs. 600 crore we have marked this 
is the first tranche we are doing that is why if we get the replacement capex, Suven 
units putting a new block to set a old block so the volume of maybe little bit higher 
but it is not going to be too much of a higher volume creation vis-à-vis it is only a 
replacement of the 35 year old block with the new block with the modern 
equipment and modern systems and meeting both EHS safety and regulatory all 
aspects has taken care of all this. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Lastly any approvals expected in Suven formulation this year on the ANDA side. 
You mentioned that around 10 some 15, 16 you have filed? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, there is nothing is visible but yes, we are expecting five or six to come in the 
next three to four months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshan Shah from White Equity.  
Darshan Shah: 
Just a bookkeeping question from my end what would be the revenue contribution 
from top two customers in FY2022? 
Venkat Jasti: 
It keeps changing and why restrict to one year because every year, every quarter it 
keeps changing because if I supply a commercial market to the same customer he 
will be number one customer that quarter and then there will be a gap of six 
months to nine months then again it will come so it is very difficult it is out of the top 
six people it keeps changing number one and two and only specialty chemical is 
completely always is number one. 
Darshan Shah: 
Sir I was specifically asking for this because in this year in your annual report, you 
had mentioned? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I am not going to give you breakup for the customer to customer it’s not possible 
because it is not consistent. If I say if a customer is giving 20% this quarter and 
next quarter, he may not give anything, so it does not make sense now to give his 
kind of a numbers. You need this final number at the profitability not customer to 
customer and they said it is switching between six to seven customers and out of 
the top 20 it keeps changing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from White Oak.  
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Just one clarification; just like the last year you said that in pharma CDMO there is 
Rs. 120 crore of one off this quarter with the Rs. 210 crore is there any one off or 
this is like the base. 

 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, a small amount of one off is there. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
And last question on the Rs. 600 crore that you said this can you give the Rs. 200 
crore in replacement? 
Venkat Jasti: 
So from this Rs. 600 crore we have, out of that Rs. 400 crore is repalcemnt on 
capex - one is for the Suryapet block is Rs. 200 crore and when we have do more 
we went to the R&D then that will be for Rs. 200 crore that can be next year or a 
year after. The other Rs. 200 crore is only mainly for the technologies and for the 
additional block at Pashamylaram as and when we see the traction, we have to do 
proactively ahead of time that most probably will do in the next year. So we have 
started only the replacement capex, so Suryapet we just started we expect about 
Rs. 35 to 40 crore now but that Rs. 200 crore will be spent before the end of March 
so that replacement block will be operational. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So this year capex is largely replacement that is Rs. 250 crore you mentioned. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Moderator: 
The next is a follow up question from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from Elara 
Capital.  
Abdulkader P: 
Just one question on the formulation business which you are saying that by 2025 it 
become a Rs. 300 to 400 crore of the topline so just wanted to also understand 
how the margin profile would look of this is it would it be in line with what the 
company level margin? some color on that would be helpful. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, I want to give a clarification to everyone that is unlike the true generic 
formation this is like a CDMO activity for us, and our margins is almost in the same 
level as not of the full CRAMS but in-between the specialty chemicals and CRAMS. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth Managers India 
Private Limited.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
Good set of numbers. Just two questions actually something related to the previous 
one only. The Casper business which you earlier had indicated that it is relatively 
lower margin compared to our base business so will FY2024 actually be given 
whatever scale up happens will it impact the weighted average margin at the 
company level, or the business will still be small enough that the overall margin 
may not impact so much. 
Venkat Jasti: 
It will not impact as far as we are concerned that is what our guestimate is that only 
time will tell but as of now we are based on the whatever little experience we have 
at the formulation side in the last few years and based on the products we are 
choosing and the profit sharing aspects we think we are in a better shape than the 
most of the other guys but volumes may not be humungous like other people. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
And the second one was actually the block which we are replacing right now is it 
because of continuous capex continuously going on there is a constraint on the 
revenue growth from that side had that not been there then could we have done 
better. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Nothing like that, I mean, see we are talking about in a safety aspects as a 35-
year-old block and also regulatory constraints which we need to take it to 
consideration and also this will give you an opportunity to do these forward 
integrated product rather than only early stage intermediates. Also all this will 

 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
happen but there is nothing like not having done. Because neither the volume is 
growing and also that the  upgradation is taking place and also what happens is 
cost will be better because those days will be a smaller size reactor now you can 
take a big size reactors naturally through put we will now also the consumptions 
will be better and throughput will be better, some cost advantage will be happening 
in due course of time. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
But no major impact on the capacity currently has because of that is that right. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Replacement means we are going to replace this block only when once this is in 
place the other one will be taken off. 
Moderator: 
The next is a follow up question from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge 
Capital.  
Ankush Agarwal: 
Sir again just clarifications you just mentioned that the formulations margins will be 
somewhere between the specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals did I heard that 
right. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
But going back again to what you said in Q4 FY2022 that formulation margin will 
come around 25% EBITDA margin so again there is a difference between what you 
had said earlier and what you are saying now. 
Venkat Jasti: 
You only heard this right but after that I also came back and said that at my initial 
guestimate is wrong because I would not have much experience on this side and 
now that we have some experience on the probability we have toned it down that 
number not at 25% of the total volume that last time itself I said not with this time. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
No you said 25% margins, I am not saying volume. 
Venkat Jasti: 
I do not know I said it already, if not here then CNBC maybe wherever I told, I 
clearly said that I expected that 25% should happen but then it did not happen but 
on profitability side we are very confident. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
No Sir what I am saying is you earlier mentioned that formulations EBITDA margins 
will be 25% now you are saying that formulations margin will be somewhere 
between specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals so that will be like 35%, 40% 
kind of EBITDA margin. 
Venkat Jasti: 
I never said 25% EBITDA margin I said purchase on profit sharing changes if it 
50%, 40%, 30%, 25% that is the profit sharing is a pure additional profit but to that I 
guess this whatever cost-plus basis so it will be more than what number is actually 
because that way you have to look at it. 
Further clarifications:  
Initially we have talked about achieving 1/3 of total revenue from formulation 
business. However, that did not materialize and based on the experience and with 
the addition of Casper Pharma now we are expecting the revenue to be between 
Rs 300 to 400 crores by 2025-time frame. Our guidance on net profit is between 
CDMO pharma and specialty chemicals. Also, our model of formulations business 
is based on transfer price to partner at cost plus and expect to get profit share 
from our partners. There is always time delay in realization of profit share from 
our partners. The profit share from our partners varies depending on the nature 

 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
of the product and it could be anywhere from 20% to 50% on net profit of the 
partner. 
  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ranveer Singh from Edelweiss.  
Ranveer Singh: 
Just one clarity, on ANDA filing you indicated that total 40 ANDA would be filed by 
end of FY2023 so just wanted to understand that? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Together both in Suven and Casper put together. 
Ranveer Singh: 
I wanted to understand whether that all the ANDA would be partnered or there 
would be some of them directly will be selling? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No I have six customers already including rising so the bulk of it will be for the 
rising because all the Casper things will be for rising as you know and in Suven it is 
spread out to all the other people also. 
Ranveer Singh: 
So rising is not the only path, I think? 
Venkat Jasti: 
As per Casper it is rising by only one but in Suven six customers are there already. 
Ranveer Singh: 
Okay so for example if 20 ANDA it is filed by Casper that all 20 ANDA will go to 
rising pharma right. 
Venkat Jasti: 
That is on Casper, yes. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Thank you, everyone for tuning in for Q1 results of Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
As I said, last year was a good year and there are some one offs and those one 
offs gaps will be filled organically this year but the transformation at the customer 
level and also the transformation from the COVID led to other growth. We are not 
able to give you any additional guidance rather than meeting the last year’s 
numbers. Hopefully, I will be able to give you some guidance at the end of this 
quarter and hope to surpass the last year’s numbers. I thank you again for tuning in 
and we will talk to you in the next quarterly results. Thank you. 
               Please note  We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much of 
the content, wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
 
