[=| * TeC ft 
+91-11-48440050 
info@hitechpipes.in 
— STEEL PIPES—— 
& MD 
www.hitechpipes.in 
16% August, 2022 
  
To 
| Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Rotunda 
Bandra Kurla Complex- Bandra (E), 
Building, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400051 
Mumbai- 400001 
| NSE Symbol: HITECH 
Scrip Code: 543411 
  
  
Subject: Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Dear Sir, 
With reference 
to 
our 
letter dated 08 August, 
2022 regarding 
the intimation 
of 
Analyst/ Investor Conference Call on the Un-Audited Financial Results (Standalone 
and Consolidated) for the First Quarter ended 30% June, 2022, Please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the conference call being held on 10 August, 2022. 
The transcript of the conference call is also made available on the Company’s website 
viz.: www.hitechpipes.in 
Kindly take the above information on record and oblige. 
Thanking You 
For Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
For HI-TACH 
PIPES LIMITED 
   
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
  
MS PIPES & HOLLOW SECTION 
| GC & COLOR COATED SHEETS 
| GI & GP PIPES 
| CR COILS & STRIPS 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited CIN 
: L27202DL1985PLC019750 
Regd. Office: 505, Pearls Omaxe Tower, Netaji Subhash Place, Pitampura, New Delhi- 110034 
f 
> 
in /hitechpipesofficial 
 

Fli- TOC! 
— STEEL PIPES — 
“Hi-Tech Pipes Limited Q1] FY23 Earnings Conference 
Fli-TSCI 
= STEEL PIPES=— 
MANAGEMENT: 
Call” 
August 10, 2022 
[P PhillipCapital 
Mk. ANISH BANSAL -- WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, HI-TECH 
PIPES LIMITED 
Mr. R. N. MALOO —- ED & GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, HI-TECH PIPES LIMITED 
Page 
1 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
Moderator: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
Good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of Hi-Tech Pipes, hosted 
by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen 
only mode, 
and there 
will 
be 
an opportunity 
for 
you 
to ask questions 
after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touch tone telephone. 
Please note that 
this 
conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh from 
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital, 
I welcome you all on Hi-Tech Pipes Q1 
FY '23 Earnings Call. Today, we have with us from the management side, Mr. Anish Bansal, 
Whole-time Director; and Mr. Narain Maloo — Chief Financial Officer. Without taking any 
much time, 
I would hand over the call to Mr. Anish Bansal for his opening remarks, and then 
we will follow-up with any Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Good evening, and welcome, everyone, 
for our Q1] FY 
'23 Earnings Conference Call. I'm 
joined on the call by Mr. R.N. Maloo —- ED & Group CFO of the Company. 
I hope everyone 
has had a chance to go through our results and updated Investor Presentation uploaded on the 
exchange. 
During this quarter, the Company is able to register a 35% year-on-year growth in the sales 
and 14% volume growth. This is mainly due to better capacity utilization and higher sales 
utilization. However, the profitability of the quarter impacted due to high price differentials 
between pipes manufactured from primary 
coils 
and secondary 
coils 
(Patra Coils). 
The 
reduction 
in 
steel prices due 
to the imposition 
of export duty on 
22 May 2022 by the 
Government of India, as well as the downtrend in international prices of HR coil resulted into 
channel destocking and consequently also impacted our margins. We found the impact of steel 
price correction as short term and confident that this will definitely help in increasing our 
volumes in medium to long term. 
Now I would like to take you through the ongoing projects and other developments. 
The pipe mill upgradation project at Sikandrabad for production of solar torque tubes, which is 
completed recently and it's working well. These tubes are well accepted in the market, and we 
are scaling up the production. 
Secondly, setting up of color-coated sheet facility of 50,000 tons per annum is at final stages of 
commissioning at our Sikandrabad plant which is a forward integration to our existing cold 
rolling and Continuous Galvanizing Line facility. This shall also increase the overall capacity 
utilization of existing facilities and increasing the share of value-added products. The color- 
coated sheets are used for roofing, wall cladding, white goods, domestic and industrial sheds, 
infrastructure, bus bodies, metros, railway station, door and window frames, et cetera. 
Page 
2 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
Roop Maloo: 
Moderator: 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
Thirdly, the commissioning of large diameter pipe project of 60,000 tons per annum at Sanand, 
Gujarat facility is mainly to cater demand arising from water, city gas, 
oil distribution and 
construction sectors. The commissioning of the project is on full swing and trial production is 
expected in Q3 FY '23. 
We are also committed and focused to actively improve our capacity utilization of our existing 
facilities and also increase the proportion of value-added products. The recent decrease in raw 
material prices and 
a narrow gap of primary steel versus secondary steel has resulted in 
increasing 
the volumes. 
The 
channel 
partners 
and dealers 
and 
distributors 
were 
earlier 
destocking the tubes and pipes, which are again starting buying material to build up their 
inventories. 
We are continuously getting orders from the Jal Jivan Mission and other infrastructure projects 
like high-speed railways, 
metros, telecom and irrigation. Government CAPEX 
in energy, 
housing, infrastructure, railways, airports, agriculture, telecom and irrigation in next 4 to 5 
years would surely be the big demand drivers for steel, tubes and pipes. Moreover, on private 
CAPEX side, sectors like automotive, capital goods, consumer durables and envisaging big 
CAPEX in coming years, which would further drive demand for our steel products. So, to sum 
it up, we at Hi-Tech remain very positive on India’s structural growth going ahead. These 
developments are setting our stage for robust second half performance. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. R.N. Maloo, our Executive Director and Group CFO, to 
take you through the unaudited financial results of Q1 FY '23. Over to you. 
Good evening, everyone. 
I will take you through the financial results of quarter 
1 FY '23. Our 
revenue from operations for the quarter grew by 35% year-on-year basis to Rs. 517 crore as 
against Rs. 383 crore in Q1 FY '22. The revenue growth was primarily driven by significant 
increase in our sales volume with higher realizations. Our total sales volume stood at 0.70 
metric tons, which is higher by 14% year-on-year basis. 
Sales realization improved by 18% to Rs. 73673 per metric ton in Q1 FY '23. Our EBITDA for 
the quarter declined by 14% year-on-year basis to Rs. 18.4 crore as against Rs. 21.4 crore in 
Q1 FY '22. The EBITDA per ton for the quarter stands at Rs. 2,545 per metric ton as against 
Rs. 3,467 per metric ton in the last quarter. The profitability is impacted mainly because of 
decrease in raw material prices as stated by Anish sir. Our PAT declined by 50% to Rs. 4.48 
crore as against Rs. 8.89 crore in Q] FY '22. The decline in margin is due to higher price 
differential from pipe produced from secondary steel and sharp reduction leading to channel 
destocking. With this, we would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you.s 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Vikash Singh from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Page 3 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
Sir, 
I just want you to give some guidelines on the kind of the volume target we want to 
achieve and reason why we are running at so low-capacity utilization, if you can. 
So, Vikash, yes, our capacity utilization in Q4 was around 65% which has fallen to 50% in Q1. 
This was mainly due to the destocking by the dealers and distributors. This was witnessed all 
across the industry as the export duty got implemented on 22nd of May, that led to a strong 
knee jerk reaction and coupled with the declining steel prices, especially from the Russian steel 
producers (they were dumping steel for first 2 to 3 months) because of the foreign exchange 
requirements. 
So, these 2 events, they led to extreme pessimism in the market, which led to destocking. But 
now we are very confident that the prices have come to a quite reasonable and affordable level. 
The gap between the secondary producer and primary producers, also has narrowed down 
significantly which will help the Company to increase the utilization in Q2 and Q3. And along 
with this, 
I would also like to point out that historically, the H2 consists of almost 60% of our 
volumes and H1 is 40% due to several factors and monsoon. So, H2 should be significantly 
quite good because our color-coated facility that will also come into commercial production, 
which will eventually lead to the better capacity utilization of our cold rolling complex at 
Sikandrabad. So, all in all, despite the challenges of Q1, we are hopeful of maintaining 15% to 
20% volume growth for this financial year at least. 
Sorry, sir, 
I got disconnected. So, 
I heard gap between the Patra and the primary, which was 
narrowed down. 
Yes. So, this was narrowed down and the prices have come to the reasonable and affordable 
level. And all the projects which were earlier stuck-up, the government projects which was 
stuck-up because of the high steel prices, that demand is coming back to the market. And 
historically also, like our H2 consists of 60% of the total annual volumes. And H1 is relatively 
lesser. So, having said that, we are 
still confident of maintaining our 15% to 20% volume 
growth for this financial year. 
Understood, 
sir. 
And 
sir, 
what kind 
of volume 
loss 
we 
have 
suffered because 
of this 
destocking? 
For this quarter, 15,000 tons. 
So, otherwise, it would have been 85,000, 86,000 tons kind of the volume. 
Yes. 
And sir, my second question, pertains to our value addition, like one of your competitor APL 
Apollo, they have a lot of value addition things, which is going on, which also allows them to 
Page 
4 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
increase their blended margins. So, just wanted to understand where are we in terms of our 
overall value addition perspective. And where do we see ourselves in the next 2 to 3 years? 
So, Vikash, yes, right now, in our product basket, the total mix of value-added product is 25% 
at this moment. And with the implementation of our large diameter pipes, the color-coated 
facility, and we are also enhancing some galvanizing capacity at Sikandrabad. So, all in all, 
we'll be going to a 30% share by end of this financial year. 
And sir, in terms of our major competition, how confident we are in because you and APL 
Apollo, both are basically operators in a same kind of the business as well as in the same 
geographies. So, 
in terms of growth wise, how confident we are taking over this kind of 
growth. Is this growth is coming from the market size improving? Or we are also taking share 
from the smaller players which are unorganized? 
So, Vikash, 
it's 
a mix of all these things. But with the growth also, we are also constantly 
facing challenges from the external factors like this duty, the reduction of international steel 
prices. And in some quarters, we have faced like lockdown challenges. So, all in all, like the 
situation is quite challenging, but even then we are hopeful of maintaining a good volume 
growth. 
And sir, just lastly, our margins are nearly half of that of the nearest competitors. So, what are 
the steps you have taken in order to improve this margin? How do you see that would be our 
peak kind of the margins going forward? 
Right now, like in last 4-5 years, we have set up the base capacities in all the plants. Now the 
step is towards value addition. So, we are progressing in that direction, and we are adding the 
coating facilities, the SKUs which has been getting higher EBITDA per ton. So, a lot of work 
is going on in all these areas, and we are focused in increasing our EBITDA per ton. So, this 
Q1 was extraordinary quarter we saw a price correction to the tune of almost Rs. 12,000 to Rs. 
13,000 steel per ton, which is historic and just in a span of 1.5 months, such a steep fall is 
historic. So, now these markets have stabilized, and we feel the much correction has already 
taken place. 
I think another Rs. 3 to Rs. 4 is all that is left in terms of steel price correction. 
After this, once the prices get settled here, the demand will come back then in a full fashion. 
So, any EBITDA per ton guidance which you would like to give? 
We would like to maintain the previous year's EBITDA per ton. That's our target despite the 
QI challenge. 
And then any words on our CAPEX plan, though I know that our capacities are much higher. 
So, this year, what kind of CAPEX we are doing? And to what capacity once we get to utilize, 
let's say, 60%, 70%, or 80% when our next phase of CAPEX cycle would start? 
Page 5 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Moderator: 
Ronald Siyoni: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Ronald Siyoni: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Ronald Siyoni: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
So, our major CAPEX has already been done for color coating and large diameter pipes at 
Sanand. And it is only about utilizing the same. So, both the production are expected in Q3. 
So, once these get streamlined, then surely it will definitely improve the top line and bottom 
line of the Company. 
Operator, are there any questions from the participant side? 
As of now, no questions. The next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan. 
Please go ahead. 
Just a few questions. So, first was on the compressed operational profitability. So, now post 
Q1, how have you seen in terms of operational profitability? Has 
it improved to 
a larger 
extent? Or still operational profitability remains under pressure until the post Q1? 
Yes, Mr. Ronald. As we explained that mainly the compressed profitability 
is 
a result of 
decrease in the prices and the higher price difference from the pipes manufactured, from the 
recycled 
steel that 
is the Patra pipes. 
So, these 
2 factors has affected our profitability. 
Otherwise, from operational front, whether it is men power or it is the power or it is the other 
manufacturing expenses, we have been very, very cautious and we have become comparatively 
efficient in that part. I think I answered your question. 
Yes. Post Ql], 
it has improved, you mean to say, during July and August till date, there has 
been some improvement is what you are trying to say. 
We have witnessed a higher demand for about 10%, 15% in the month of July and August as 
compared to the last quarter. There are 
lot of inquiries in the market. In fact, the lifting under 
the government schemes where we supply the goods to EPC contractors, there also we witness 
the lifting. And if you see that the complete pipelines are vacant at this moment. Once the 
market is confident about that there is not going to be further price reduction, we hope that the 
stability will come in 10-15 days, so lifting will improve, all these pipelines has to be filled up. 
So, in terms of destocking, at the end of Q1, how was the channel inventory like in terms of 
days or month if you can share that. Before at the end of Q4, how was it at the end of Q1, how 
was the channel inventory in terms of days? 
Inventory of the channel partners, it is not like auto industry. It is not monitored by us. But the 
rough estimate is that maybe if someone was maintaining 1,000 metric tons, they have reduced 
it to the bare minimum level of say 500 to 600 metric tons. Those 
sort of reduction has 
happened. So, we can say 30%, 40% reduction in the inventories of the channel partners. 
And if you can also take us in terms of gross debt numbers and how do you plan to reduce 
that? And also, on the working capital side. 
Page 
6 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
R.N. Maloo: 
Ronald Siyoni: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Moderator: 
Vaibhav Kapoor: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Vaibhav Kapoor: 
Anish Bansal: 
Moderator: 
Hetal Gada: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
Our gross debt is more or less at the same level, which were there in the last financial year. So, 
it's around Rs. 380 crore. 
And in terms of working capital, have you seen any stretch in that our inventories are payable. 
How is the working capital cycle at the end of Q1? 
Yes. There is a good program on this level that we are further able to reduce 3 days working 
capital, and that is basically on account of debtors. On a combined basis, 3 days reduction is 
there. 
Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Kapoor, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ijust wanted to know that at what capacity utilization do you envisage the next line of CAPEX 
to begin? Do you have some kind of a capacity utilization number in mind? 
As a policy matter and in the earlier calls also as well as in the industry, once we reach a 
capacity utilization of about 70%, we start thinking of expanding our capacity. Here the benefit 
with us is that for LDP pipe project, we have taken land more than two times. This is higher 
than our actual requirement. So, first of all, any CAPEX, we are thinking once we reach to a 
level of 70%. And second thing is that whatever CAPEX will be happening will be a marginal 
cost for us, means only cost of building and plant and machinery. Infrastructure is already 
existing at all the plants. 
The other thing is if you could give some color in terms of the numbers of how the secondary, 
the Patra market, what was it previously and what is the current situation now in terms of the 
price differential. If you could give some color there? 
Hi, Vaibhav. Anish this 
side. 
So, Vaibhav 
in the month 
of March and April, the spread 
between the Patra pipe and our organized sector fee price was in excess of Rs. 15,000 per ton. 
And right now, 
in the current month, 
it 
is around Rs. 2,000, to Rs. 3,000 per ton, which 
historically has been prevailing for many, many years. So, the excess differential, that has all 
gone a bit, which has given a major boost to our industry. 
The next question is from the line of Hetal Gada from ITI Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, like you mentioned that there is gap between Patra prices and 
primary HRP prices. So, at what gap or how much is it narrowed out, then people will start 
considering again the HRP prices or is that HRP way for manufacturing. 
I would like to tell you that first of all, there is quality difference, between the secondary steel 
and primary steel, but what happens that in EPC projects or in rural areas if these goods (Patra) 
are used, reasonably the difference in the range of Rs. 3,000 
- 4,000 around is okay from 
Page 7 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
Hetal Gada: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Hetal Gada: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Hetal Gada: 
Anish Bansal: 
Hetal Gada: 
Anish Bansal: 
Hetal Gada: 
Anish Bansal: 
Hetal Gada: 
Anish Bansal: 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
market side, persons started to understand the quality difference. And the life of the pipe which 
we manufacture is not less than 25-30 years, whereas in that case, it is about 15-20 years. 
So, it means that these levels will see that volumes will go back to primary side?. 
Yes. The branded price manufacturers growth had been 15% to 20% in industry, whenever the 
price difference has been reasonable from Patra pipes. So, that time is coming, that time has in 
fact come and we will see that sort of a growth. 
And that you can see already in your orders and volume ramp up also? 
Yes. 
Sir, secondly, 
I also wanted to understand, 
so your capacity has been expanding and your 
volumes have been ramping up. So, if you are Apollo, your competitor at least mentioned it, 
because of the sheer size that they have, they usually get discounts or rebate procuring their 
raw materials. So, are you also getting any benefit of that time from your suppliers? 
So, regarding the procurement and the pricing of raw materials, we are confident that our raw 
material pricing is quite competitive and one of the lowest in the industry, considering the 
volumes and the relationships that we are having with all people for last many many decades. 
So, to what extent, I mean, can you just quantify, is it possible? 
Ican't quantify this but in the market as per the market and what feedback we have from other 
suppliers, the pricing is like for our competitors and for us, it is quite reasonable. 
And 
sir, regarding your plant that you have commissioned at Mumbai, how much has 
it 
ramped up? And what are your plans for that? And in future, what kind of expansions? Will 
there be more of Brownfield expansions or are you planning to look for a Greenfield at the 
end? 
So, Mumbai operations from Q2 onwards, we are targeting 65% to 70% utilization from that 
plant for the remaining 3 quarters. And regarding expansion, like we are first focused towards 
achieving our 70% utilization across all the plants. So, once this happens, then we have enough 
room to expand on a Brownfield level. 
So, whatever expansions will come it will be more towards the Brownfield side rather than the 
Greenfield side. Can I assume that? 
Yes. Absolutely. 
Page 8 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
Hetal Gada: 
Anish Bansal: 
Hetal Gada: 
R.N. Maloo: 
Hetal Gada: 
R. N. Maloo: 
Moderator: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Vikash Singh: 
Anish Bansal: 
Moderator: 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Anish Bansal: 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
And by next year, can we say that Mumbai could be running at its full capacity utilization 
given that it is a very big market in itself? 
Yes, Hetal. 
Sir, just last 
1 question regarding your guidance on your debt front, like how are you planning 
for deleveraging? Any guidance on this. 
We are very seriously working on reduction of working capital daysand increase the EBITDA 
per ton. Whatever CAPEX were required, we were in the growth phase up to last year. And I 
can say that up to this quarter, we are in the growth phase. And now onwards, there are no 
major CAPEX. So, whatever will be the profitability as well as whatever will be the surplus 
coming from reduction in current assets will be used for reduction of the debt. 
But till when are you planning because any guidance can you give like what are your plans? 
What is your target? 
We 
are not giving any guidelines 
for this 
since our present capacity utilization will 
be 
increasing. But one guideline 
is very clear that including the growth plan, we will 
see 
a 
reduction in debt after a year or like that. 
The next question is from the line of Vikash Singh from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Sir, just a continuation to the former participant. So, what kind of land bank is available with 
us and up to what level of capacity we can go Brownfield? 
So, Vikash, we have enough land available across all our plants, all our locations. And we can 
comfortably go up to 
1 million tons within the existing land bank. 
And Greenfield versus Brownfield expansion, what's the difference in the ROI basically, if I 
may ask? 
So, the CAPEX in Greenfield is almost 2x that of Brownfield. So, ROI for the enhanced and 
for the incremental capacity should be somewhere around 25% to 30%. 
The next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan. Please go ahead. 
Just one question regarding value-added products now with Q1, the prices had gone down. So, 
in terms 
of operational profitability, how 
this value-added products 
stands? You 
see 
a 
downward revision in EBITDA per ton for these value-added products also? 
Ronald, the thing is basically, there is no reduction in EBITDA per ton. The EBITDA per ton 
is appearing lower because 
of the inventory loss that occurred in Q1. 
So, across 
all our 
Page 9 of 10

Fli-TSCEI 
—— STEEL PIPES—— 
Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
August 10, 2022 
products, whether it is like normal products or value-added products, the EBITDA per ton on 
the conversion rates remain the same. Decline in steel prices in the month of May and June, we 
have seen constant reduction in steel prices, which is impacting the profitability. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Okay. Sir, in terms of operational conversion profitability remains the same. So, how much the 
inventory loss is? Can you quantify it during Q1? 
R. N. Maloo: 
It’s a mix, actually we can't really, really quantify it. In some of the products we are selling in 
advance. Some of the products are sold from the stock. But a rough estimate can be in the 
range of about Rs. 600 to Rs. 800 per metric ton, the impact of reduction in the prices. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
So, when this prices stabilize and say, if possibly they trade higher a little bit, then would that 
reverse inventory losses? 
R. N. Maloo: 
Definitely. And when it happens, if there is a sudden reduction in the prices, So if you see in 
the month of May and June, there is a reduction of price about Rs. 12,000 to Rs. 13,000 per 
metric ton, otherwise 
if it 
is 
Rs. 2,000, Rs. 3,000 
a month like that, then 
it do not affect 
generally our profitability. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh for 
closing comments. Over to you. 
Vikash Singh: 
On behalf of PhillipCapital, 
I would like to thank Mr. Anish Bansal and Mr. R.N. Maloo to 
give us this opportunity to host their con call. And over to you, Anish, 
sir, for any closing 
comments. 
Anish Bansal: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for sparing time to attend our earnings conference call. To sum 
it up, I would like to say that Q1 was a challenging one for the industry. We have seen a sharp 
decline in steel prices, which led to lower profitability. But having said that, the reduction in 
steel prices 
is 
a welcome step. This will contribute significantly towards higher volumes 
because of the reduction in the gap of secondary steel pipes. Also and the affordability quotient 
has also gone up very high. The projects which were earlier stuck, they are also coming back. 
So, with all these things, 
it is quite positive for the Company in H2 and also in the coming 
years. The Company 
is well poised to 
cater any kind of demand that comes from any 
geography or any sector. So, that is all from me. Thanks, once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Page 10 of 10
