!
MAYUR UNIQUOTERSLIMITED
Manufacturers of Artificial Leather/PVC
Vinyl
Ref: MUL/SEC/2022-23/117
Date: August 15, 2022
To,
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange ofIndia Ltd
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers,
ExchangePlaza, 5" Floor, Plot No. C/1,
Dalal Street,
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai- 400 051
Trading Symbol: MAYURUNIQ.
Mumbai- 400 001
Scrip Code: BSE- 522249
Sub:Subject: Transcript of Q1 FY-23 Earnings Call held on August 10, 2022.
DearSir/ Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please
find attachedthetranscript of Investor Conference Call organized on August 10, 2022 post declaration offinancial
results of the Companyfor the quarter ended June 30, 2022.
The audio recording of the Earningscalls along with the Transcri pt have been uploaded on the Company's website
at www.mayuruniquoters.com.
You are requested to take the same onrecord.
Thanking You,
For Mayur Uniquoters Limited
—
 
Dinesh Sharma
CompanySecretary and Compliance Officer
ACS44736
 
Encl: As above
i
A Texture For Every idea
;
beeslawgoe
B,
4t
akshimi
Complex,
MI Read,
Jaipur-302001 (Rajasthan) India *
Tel:
+91-141-2361132 * Fax en,apt Re
Re
Byte:
rn wy
me
Sikar Road, Jaipur-303704 (Rajasthan) India *
Tel: +91-1423-224001
Fax
ps
rr)
ar
"
Cy!
@mayur bi
vw
acai) 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               
                  
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SURESH KUMAR PODDAR - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, MAYUR UNIQUOTERS 
LIMITED 
                                               MR. VINOD KUMAR SHARMA - CFO, MAYUR 
UNIQUOTERS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
     MR. RAHUL DANI - MONARCH NETWORTH     
                                               CAPITAL LIMITED                                         

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator:     
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Mayur Uniquoters hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Dani from Monarch Networth Capital. Thank 
you and over to you Sir!  
Rahul Dani:  
Thank you, Yashshi. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, it is 
our pleasure to host the senior management team of Mayur Uniquoters. Today, we have with 
us Mr. Suresh Kumar Poddar - Chairman and Managing Director of the company and Mr. 
Vinod Kumar Sharma - CFO of the company. I would now request the management to 
provide their initial comments about the results. Over to you Sir! 
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Thank you, Rahul and welcome to all participants to the earning call of Mayur for the quarter 
1, FY ’23. Good afternoon dear investors and analyst, ladies and gentlemen, it is great 
pleasure to be here, to share with you the performance of Mayur. Thank you for giving your 
precious time to join Mayur Uniquoters Limited Q1 FY ‘23 conference call. Mayur 
Uniquoters Limited being a market leader in the synthetic leather industry and an organized 
player has been able to leverage the emerging opportunities and delivered exemplary 
performance in past years, both in national and international business markets.  
I would like to start with financial highlights for Q1 FY ‘23 under review, we will also apply 
your queries after our review on financial results for the quarter. The company has achieved a 
revenue from operations on a standalone basis, amounting to INR 200.93 crore and PBT INR 
35.95 crore and PAT 28.64 crore during the quarter, which is increased by 37%, 41% and 
47% respectively from the last quarter.  
The revenue from operations on consolidated basis is INR 200.44, PBT INR 33.89 crore and 
PAT INR 27.10 crore . And this number has increased by 24%, 4% and 9% respectively from 
the last quarter. Our endeavour is to make the company a preferred supplier for the leading 
OEM especially in US and European reasons. We are also pleased to share that the company 
is already approved by Mercedes Benz in South Africa, BMW in Europe market and 
Volkswagen in India. And supply also started from us to the Mercedes and Volkswagen for 
the newer models. And supply to the BMW is expected from March quarter this year. The 
computers also entered into the cell agreement with Datsun India for product supply to Kia 
and Hyundai Motors within and outside India and supply also started in India in last quarter.  
We have also decided to put up work knitting plant in Mayur for which necessary project 
activities are expected to start soon. In automotive sector we have been selected for many 
incoming new models in export as well as domestic auto OEMs for which supply will start in 
the year ’23 - ‘24 and ‘24 -‘25. So we are expecting a very good performance in coming 
years of ’23 – ‘24 and ’24 – ‘25, both years. And this year also, we are expecting better 
performance than last year.  
The company has also put up a firm lamination plant forwarding, forward the integration in 
the form of forward integration. And it is also doing. While pursuing our business interest, 
Mayur Uniquoters has also been engineering to fulfil our responsibilities toward the society. 
Under the corporate social responsibility programs, we have also a plan for booster dose to 
the nearby villages and staff members at both the plants besides contribution to our plants 
and safety kits.  
The company has also adopted many schools, happy schools for education of children's. The 
company has worked on education, especially for the girls and underprivileged child 

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
education, various health care initiatives, especially child skill development water for all, 
sanitation at school area, distribution of books, bags, cloths, et cetera and most importantly, 
family planning and family welfare schemes.  
The state government has recognized at various places, this initiatives on various platforms. 
I'm thankful to all investors for their valuable time to those who become the part of this 
earning call. With this positive note, I'd like to conclude and request you all to open the 
forum for questions and also request. due to time constraint we need to end this call within 
the next 45 to 50 minutes. So therefore, request to kind avoid repeat questions and volume 
data will not discuss, so please avoid volume related queries. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have a first question 
from the line of Amarnath Bhakat from Ministry of Finance of Oman. Please go ahead.  
Amarnath Bhakat: 
Yes. Hi sir. I have two set of questions. First of all whatever is the raw prices increased due 
to increase in the crude prices and everything. How much of that you are able to transfer to 
your clients and how much approximately you have to absorb?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
We have tried our best to transfer as much as possible. And. 
Amarnath Bhakat: 
Yes. Can you please quantify maybe 50%, 60%, 70%?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Oh, this is very difficult to say, that you can recognize by our balance sheet, but of course, if 
we would've not passed on to get a profit in the company, definitely increase has been 
transferred to them, but maybe minimum 80% to 90% we have transferred. It depends on….  
Amarnath Bhakat: 
Okay, so 80% to 90% overtime, you transferred maybe 10%, 20%. You need to absorb 
overtime.  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Maximum.  
Amarnath Bhakat: 
Yes, that's the first one. Second thing, sir. Now if you look at the entire macro picture now 
your main business segment, which is automobile, whether national or international plus your 
footwear business, plus your furniture business, after it is opening up, everything is looking 
very solid, especially within India, because individual company are working on those fields 
are reporting very strong numbers, as well as their growth outlook is very strong. Now, 
considering that factor, you are one of the input provided to them. How do you look at this 
particular opportunity going ahead for next two, three years? And if you provide some items 
with respect your revenue visibility and margin visibility.  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
Yes. I tell you the most important sector is automotive sector. Now, whatever we are doing in 
automatic sector, it is very minimal. So there is a very big scope in automotive sector and 
especially in export as well as in domestic market because Indian domestic market is also 
increasing. There was some drawback for a few months when the chip shortage was there and 
now it's coming up in the line, but still there is some chip shortest. Nevertheless, since I've 
told you that I have, we have plenty of his scope to get into automotive business outside India 
and India also. So we have already got approval of few models of different companies, as I'm 
talking about export to Koreans, like for America, South Africa and Europe. And those 
particle will start from ’23 – ‘24 and ’24 – ‘25. You can expect fantastic sales in automotive 
in these two years. However, this year is also going to be better than last year. So there is a 
very good chance and further you have started retailing with furnishing business. I was going 
through the article that more than 48% of artificial leather is used in furnishing, like soda, 
like chairs, like office chairs, so the problem is with us that we are B2B supplier in all the 
areas. Like if you talk about footwear, footwear manufacturers buy from us, if you go to buy 
a footwear, you don't know which artificial leather is being used in that. But furnishing is the 

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
big area where when you go for a furnishing for your house, you go with your interior 
decorated to the shop, see material sample and all that. And then you decide, so this we have 
already started. We have a plan to, in next one and a half years to two years time to have at 
least 1,000 dealers all over India. So this work has started 75 dealers we have already made. 
Now, I think in coming years, it must be better, it will increase the margin also and will 
increase the sales. Every brand needs time to establish and we are very much confident that 
we will be able to establish because Mayur is capable of making any type of artificial level 
under the sun. You give Mayur any product, we will copy that, or not only copy, we are 
capable of doing product, according to your requirement. Suppose you have particular item 
and there are some criteria is not there. If people are telling us that, okay, we want this 
criteria also, so we are able to do that because we have very strong R&D as in previous 
which also I have said that we have got a European lady, very expensive and very 
knowledgeable, especially in automotive industry. Because of her, we are able to get the 
business of Mercedes Benz, BMW so this is the situation.  
Amarnath Bhakat: 
Sir, considering the things you said served so far, it is exactly matching with your end user 
end user outlook, whether it is automobiles, furniture and everything. Are you in a position to 
give us some kind of a guidance of your revenue visibility or profitability visibility. And last 
one, what is your capacity utilization as of now?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
As of now, my capacity utilization is about 70%, 70% to  72%. And increasing capacity is no 
problem. Because we have got a lot of space. You can increase, recently, we have put up one 
line just one year, six months back. So because of that capacity is there and further more, 
there is no issue because I don't need any land to increase my capacity. We have sufficient 
area and anything is required, and one thing I tell you, we are going, I'm going very fast. 
There is saying the, you can wait -- manufacturers can wait for the customer, but customer 
will not wait for you. So you have to have always spare capacity. When customer comes for 
demand, you have to supply immediately at once. He will not wait for you that, okay, I will 
have a capacity after six months, then I will supply. They will not wait. They will go to 
somewhere else. So I always keep the spare capacity.  
Amarnath Bhakat: 
So with this last, if you can answer to my previous question that are you, what visibility you 
are seeing in terms of your revenue growth and the profitability going ahead? Some color 
will be helpful?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
It is very difficult at this moment to say, but kind of, but as I told you, that ’23 – ‘24 and ’24 
– ‘25 will be very good growth and profit will be also very good. It is very difficult to spell in 
the contract. When I'm saying good, that means it'll be definitely more than what you are 
seeing.  
Amarnath Bhakat: 
One last question to which is there always in the investor's mind it is little sensitive, but I 
need to ask this, what is this succession planning in Mayur Uniquoters, we have seen how 
you have done this company from where and where this company is there. A little lot of 
family related issues boggled about this company in the last few years. And as an investor, 
the governance structure, the corporate governance structure of company is always at most 
important apart with the company's performance. And up to now, as an investor, we don't 
have a real clarity how the succession of this particular company and how the plan -- how the 
company's really thinking about that particular thing to take this matter. Take this particular 
company little, little more, little more stretch than where it is now. This is always in investor 
mind. So if you can give some kind of a color on this question, it'll be very helpful from a 
governance side.  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
Yes. You see that the moment my son-in-law is already working here and my son has also 
come back and he also started spending the office and furthermore, you know, I have got this 
target, I always go high. So most important thing in any industry is you have to area wise, 
good professionals. They run the company, we are the promoter. We just think what can be 

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
the market, what kind of investment we have to do, what kind of expansion we have to do. 
Now, BMW and Mercedes is telling us that Mr. Poddar you start your plant in USA also 
because at the moment we are supplying to South Africa for Mercedes and BMW also will 
take for South Africa plant, like Volkswagen has also told us that Mr. Poddar set up a plant in 
USA and we will start. Because the tire-one manufacturers, those who are making interior 
and all that, they are the person who supplies to these OEMs. Now there are limited five or 
six, very big interior manufacturer all over the world. Now they know us when we are 
supplying to USA, South Africa, Europe. So in India also, wherever new model is coming, 
they immediately come to us. Like in Hyundai they have started new models.  
Amarnath Bhakat: 
 You are the market leader, right, sir?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
Yes, of course. In India, we are the market leader in footwear and in automotive. Although 
we are in all type of products like leather goods, furnishing, like automotive, footwear, you 
see garment, garment also it is there. In leather goods, there are so many things bags, purses, 
belts there are so many things.  
Moderator:     
Mr. Bhakat, I request you to come back in the queue, sir. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, 
you’re requested to restrict your questions to two at a time. We have our next question from 
the line of Mohit Khanna from Banyan Capital. Please, go ahead.  
Mohit Khanna: 
Hello, sir. And I just wanted to understand what is your current capacity under different 
businesses. And when do you think you can use the full capacity as we are talking about good 
growth in ’24 – ‘25.  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
As I told now that we are utilizing 70% capacity 30% we have vacant, that can be used, 
within maximum one and a half year or two year time, then we have got plenty of space to 
fulfill further requirements. There is no issue. The only thing is the investment in machine. 
I'll definitely within one year time, as per situation, I will definitely order for another line. 
You see this I always do one year in advance, so there will be no problem, that on front of 
capacity, there will be any problem.  
Mohit Khanna: 
Correct. And what is the cost for ordering a line? What should be the cost of setting up or 
installing a new line?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
Cost of the new line, if you start a PVC line, you know, only the line with putting line, 
printing line, embossing line, there is a set of different kind of machines, which is required to 
complete the whole thing. So from machinery point of view, if you look at it, it is about one 
line about INR 30 crore minimum and furthermore, now gradually we are increasing the 
automization of our machines and automization in man power  also. You know, it depends on 
what kind of machine you are buying suppose in my coating line, if I have 12 people, now I 
can reduce that to eight or seven with certain modification in the machines, of course, which 
costs more. And then it gives quality, good quality also consistency also. So now, whatever 
machinery I am buying that is with the best machines. Now at the moment, so far as printing 
machine and embossing machine, we have got sufficient capacity. Only the -- when we start 
now increasing, we have to put up a putting line, which I have told you that this much is 
expensive. Then of course you have to make the shade and everything that will also cost 
more. So one line, practically if you go greenfield, it is INR 100 crore, right. Land is not a 
problem. The only thing that when we think this, we have to make the construction and get 
the machine that's all.  
Mohit Khanna: 
Right, sir. So in terms of putting up a line that should take around six months or so, is that a 
good estimate?  

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
So about 9 to 10 months. If today I decide then placing the order then getting the machine 
two months time is required to machine for come. Practically, you can take it 10 to 12 
months.  
Mohit Khanna: 
So that means that you will come back with the CapEx in six months or so.  
Moderator:     
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Aman Agawral from Carnelian Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Aman Agawral:  
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question was like we have 
started supplying to Mercedes, Volkswagen and BMW, we will starting supplying BMW 
also. So once we have started supplying initial quantities to these players by when can we 
start looking at other geographies for the players, like in addition to the geographies, which 
we are already supplying?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
See automotive, you have listened and you have understood what we are going to do. Now in 
furnishing, also we are starting retail and that has got a used market better off time. Then 
second thing, there is lot of leather goods, like purses, bags, belts, these are exported like 
anything to European and American countries. Just yesterday, I had a customer from Kolkata 
and he is one of the largest exporter of these products. So we were talking from last two 
months, three months about introducing, he is making at the moment only genuine leather, 
products made out of genuine leather. Now we had given him over PU material also with 
world class quality. He has taken those samples to his customers and they have approved and 
they like it. And this is a very, very big market. Of course, it takes some time. This I'm 
talking about one customer only who is supplying to the top three, four big brands in the 
European market. Yesterday,  also we were talking about some footwear big brands, they are 
also interested in buying from India. Nowadays, one advantage is there that people are fed up 
with China. They want to shift to India. Even if you go to you know, this, what you call this 
Vietnam and Indonesia and all these places, there are also a lot of Chinese brands. There are 
not preferring Chinese. Now it, the question that how fast India can beat up their requirement, 
they're ready to even give more prices. Now, the main thing is in PU how to get PU chemical. 
Now, so far, there are two things. One is PU chemical. One is fabric. Fabric we are able to 
make it India with the competitive price of China. Only PU we are not manufacturing in 
India. That also we are talking with few suppliers to have a joint venture here in India. But 
since PU requirement is very less, they want big volume. So that will also happen very soon. 
And then we in PU product, which is import from China. We have worked out with the 
government of India and put up INR 40 per meter, approximate anti-dumping duty, which is 
already started three months back. So with that also the gap between China and India will 
decrease. And furthermore, as soon as the quantity goes up, all the suppliers of raw material 
and everybody will come to India and start manufacturing. So it is just, like the saying what 
came first, chicken or egg, So we are trying our best and I'm very hopeful that India has got 
very, very big chance in every quarter.  
Aman Agawral:  
Yes. So my second question was regarding this other expenses. So like for the last three 
quarters, other expenses used to be on INR 24 crore to INR 25 crore, but in this quarter it is 
around INR 35 crore. So any reason why it has increased by this much in this quarter?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Basically it has increased the in proportion of the sales volume. And secondly, the 
transportation cost also increased to 30% to 40%.  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
See, it is fortunate that we are able to maintain the price. You know, the freight cost has 
increased by four times. America, we used to sell in INR 18 increase a meter, and our cost 
used to be, which has become more than INR 72. Now it is coming back to INR 35, INR 36 
is now gradually decreasing, but even then we have faced the strom. 

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Moderator:     
Thank You. We have our next question from the line of Rajat Sathia from Ithought PMS. 
Please go ahead.  
Rajat Sathia: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So my question is if we look at our history we have early on -- 
we had got very big and old clients like Ford and Chrysler they have been with us for a long 
time and they are actually very big on their own, but we have not been able to scale them up. 
Similarly, I think we also had General Motors with us. So, I mean, last few years, if you look 
at last many years, our top line is broadly stagnant. So if you can help us understand why is it 
so difficult to scale up with somebody which with whom we are already working for such a 
long period of time?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Can you give your line of questions more clearly? We could not get you.  
Rajat Sathia: 
Okay. I'll just repeat, I'm saying we have some clients who we are working with like Ford, 
Chrysler, who are contributing a good chunk to our revenues. We also have a client called 
General Motors, again for a very long time, they are our clients I think, but they have not 
been able to grow. We have not been able to grow them. But overall, if you look at despite 
having these clients for a long period of time with us, if you look at our top line over the last 
many years, I mean, in 2016, we had done INR 500 crore of revenue. In fact, in 2015, we had 
done INR 500 crore of revenues, but that revenue actually kind of stalled for a long period of 
time. So what is the reason why we couldn't really grow with a client, with whom we have 
been working from last many years, and there are three such big clients that, that can really 
become big for us.  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
See when entered to the automotive industry. Suppose today I go to General Motor and say, I 
want a business. They will not give me business from their existing models. They will give 
the business only with the upcoming model. Now, General Motor was very much, is it that 
we will give the business to the supplier who has got the unit in America itself, then only we 
will give the business, like Volkswagen has also told us we are ready because we are 
supplying here about 30,000 meters every month Volkswagen in India, and they are ready to 
buy their also, but they say, we want to buy locally. So on that ground also, we are working 
very seriously to put up a line in USA, but we want to have, as I told you, ’23 – ‘24 and ’24 – 
’25, there are few models, which are coming in, which we have been selected. So what I'm 
predicting, let me have another 100,000 or 150,000 meters business from USA. Then only I 
will start working on that. So there are so many reasons, nowadays many companies in 
America, has started prepping that the production line should be in the USA. And for me, that 
is not a problem because I'm supplying to most of them. So even they are saying that If you 
start working on it. We will ready to give you the business, because then in that case, 
immediately I can supply from India and then gradually convert it to USA. But for that, I 
have to take a decision, which with this new models, which are coming up, once I start 
producing, then I will immediately take action, simultaneous. To have line over there, 
because that ultimately we have to do, it’s a matter of time only.  
Rajat Sathia: 
Sure, sure. So, sir, you mentioned about GM that they want a line in USA however Ford -- 
And you also mentioned that unless a company launches a new model, it is difficult to get 
into any agreement with them, which is fine. So over the, but if you look at our revenues, 
actually from 2015 to 2020 or so broadly flat. So am I'm assuming these companies Ford or 
Chrysler would have launched some new models during this time? Isn't it?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
You see, one thing we have just started 10 years back applying to USA in automotive 
industry, and automotive industry suppose like Mercedes. We are supplying since last one 
year. Now they are confident with our supplies and quality and they are ready to give us a 
business in USA. They have huge business in USA, South Africa is nothing. The question is 
if you go to any new supplier, first they will judge and especially automotive industries are 
very, very systematic professional, they will just like that. They will not give you the 
business. First of all, you have to approve the quality. And the quality means there are so 

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
many things which has to meet their specifications. And that is specification, also, they not 
only believe on our testing, they will guide that, okay, you get it tested in USA, or you have 
any somewhere wherever they identify their own reliable test. So these things takes very long 
time. So this what we called about this Mercedes Benz, you know, it took us two years. I had 
a German salesman, in Germany and I'm paying EUR 8,000 per month. He was able to just 
get in touch, whereas he was supplying genuine leather and he has contact with everybody, 
but just to get them agree that, okay, you can give us the sample. You can move on. It took 
two years. Now you can understand how much time it requires to get the approval. And 
second thing you have to give very, very fast because they generally keep two suppliers. One 
of the business, big business, we lost one order and that was a good business. So we are 
becoming now third supplier, but somehow they have accepted us, but it takes long time. It 
will, as I told you, you will see from ’23 – ‘24 and ’24 – ‘25. Our service is so good that they 
are getting frustrated with the existing supplier. So that's why when these guys are in the 
problem, then only they give a thought and they push the supplier to supply them. Otherwise, 
if they are happy, they -- it takes very long time to get into it. But I'm trying to get into the 
items which are not – they are already done by someone else in that also I'm going to get 
entry in ’24 – ’25. Already, our product has started improving.  
Moderator:     
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Devansh Nogotia from SIMPL. Please 
go ahead. 
Devansh Nogotia: 
Yes. Yes. So thanks for the opportunity. If you can just highlight how much -- if you can just 
modify the an ATT percentage and have we seen… So for PU, if you can just clarify on the 
ATT percentage and how realizations for PUhas improved for us. And if you can just give a 
sense on how import substitution has happened over a period of time, let's say, what was the 
quantum last year and how that input substitution is playing out in India? So some 
perspective, if you can give for these three, four things regarding to PU.  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
So for PU is concerned, as I told you, and in the previous conferences also have said, there is 
lot of manipulation in import, in respect of prices, even they are showing 20%, 30% prices. If 
you are buying something in $3, they are billing in $1. Nowadays they are started playing 
with the quantity also, if one container has say 40,000 meters, they will show 20,000 meters. 
That's why we have tried our best and put up, anti-dumping duty that whatever price you 
declare, certain amount of duty you have to pay. And that started coming up now because 
you know, the market was already bad in COVID. And so the traders has got lot of stocks. 
Now they have to clear that stock and the new stocks, they have to pay more price. So what 
we have seen in last one month, the gap of the price between China and our material has 
reduced. So it's a matter of time. And I tell you now, as in Mayur Uniquoters, what I'm doing, 
I'm going for the technical client. I'm going for the client who are in medium range or high 
range, because in this industry with the bottom range, there is huge market. Every month I 
can put one line for next 10 years, but then you will get nothing. I don't want that. So I am 
already approaching whether it is export because from India not a single person who is able 
to export to these automotive industry. And even in China, China is exporting to these 
European and American countries and they have also got a collaboration with either 
Europeans or with Canadian or with, you know, America. We are the only -- I am the only 
company who is supplying directly. So every now and then I get the offer for these guys. But 
the problem is when you go for collaboration from the beginning, everything is good, but 
gradually they start eating you. I have decided I will not go for any joint venture because in 
joint venture, what you need, you need -- you should able to make the quality of the product, 
which you best supplier is able, and then you should have a capacity. So that's what I'm 
getting. What if us today, if any big company who is run with too much turnover and all that, 
that is run by the people, you know? Main thing you have to have a people like R&D like 
your machinery, those things, you have to have good machine and R&D and you will 
definitely get successful.  

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Moderator:     
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Peter Agnel from Ksema Wealth 
Management Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead.  
Peter Agnel: 
Sir, I was wondering if you could provide the revenue split by geography and customer 
segment.  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
In export it is INR 50 crore we are talking about Q1. Okay. in export we have INR 50 crore 
and out of that export general is INR 18 crore and export OEM is INR 32 crore. And in 
domestic OEM, we have INR 36 crore replacement, INR 44 crore, footwear INR 63 crore 
and furnishing is INR 6 crore and balance others you can take out of INR 200 crore.  
Peter Agnel: 
And this is in this quarter?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Yes.  
Peter Agnel: 
And by chance can you providers us for FY ‘22 and FY ‘21.  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Yes, You can drop your mail. I'll send you.  
Moderator:     
Thank you. Due to time constraints, we request participants to ask only one question. We 
have a next question from the line of Shalini Gupta from East India Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Shalini Gupta: 
Okay. So sir I just wanted to understand if an investor has any queries, how to get in touch 
with you because I've been trying for the last two or three months, and I've not been 
successful. So what is the best way to get in touch with you people?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
You can drop mail, drop the mail to me and peer to CMD. And you can talk to me or phone 
also.  
Shalini Gupta: 
No, sir. The people at the reception do not connect to you. 
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
They might be because of some meeting or some busy schedule with the work. You can talk 
to me on mail also.  
Moderator:     
We've lost our connection. We'll take the next question from Awanish Chandrai from SMIFS 
Ltd. Please go ahead.  
Awanish Chandrai: 
Very quickly, sir. This PVC prices has come down from the last quarter. So did we book any 
inventory loss during this quarter?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Not in this quarter.  
Awanish Chandrai: 
Okay. So more or less our prices was similar to last quarter four?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
No, no, it is better even, even better.  
Awanish Chandrai: 
Okay. And very quickly, the last question, how much was the PU performance, PU sales 
during the quarter?  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
In volume, it is INR 7 crore. Value, INR 7 crore.  
Moderator:     
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rishabh Bothra from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead.  

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Rishabh Bothra: 
Hello. Congratulations for good set of numbers. Last quarterly, you mentioned that there 
were some issues in terms of airbags in automotive space wherein the OEM – I mean the 
replacement segment was not that encouraging, how do you see things going forward in this 
space?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
See the government is telling that you have to put the air bag from this and this, but that is 
not happening because that is not practical. So it'll happen definitely, but it'll take time. And 
in the meantime, we have started new aftermarket business, the car seat you have put foot 
mat, we have started foot mat also in the aftermarket and other suppliers also started working. 
This month we supplied more than 30,000 meters and it is going to increase because we have 
just started, I don't think overhaul, there will be much difference in aftermarket. And 
furthermore, mainly aftermarket we were doing with Maruti. Now, the other companies has 
also started working on the same way. So actually, number of players are increasing, 
previously, if you have a Tata car, you go in the market and replace it. But in Maruti they are 
compulsory. They have to buy from Maruti and sell after market from their dealer. The same 
thing is started with some other company also like Tata has also, so this business will 
increase and the automotive market is increasing. There is only some drawback for few 
months, or one year you can say, because of chips problem, how that problem is seemed 
solved. India is also going to make chip. So I think the matter of maximum 1 year, but 
however, we are not worried with that. Because we are entering in many new models. Our 
business will automatic grow.  
Moderator:     
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sir, for the PU plant, you mentioned INR 7 crore for the quarter. So what, what ramp up do 
you expect for the entire year and similarly if you could give the contribution of the Merc and 
Volkswagen business for this quarter and what do we expect for the full year?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
See that I can't tell you immediately, you please write us email. We will send you the details. 
This year also we suffered the business because of the chips. In between four, five months 
last year, it was like that they had to close down their factory in some months for 15 days in 
some months for 7 days, but now it's improving. In Europe also and South Africa also. The 
advantage with Mercedes and BMW is the prices are higher, at least 20% than USA, so 
naturally turnover also increases. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And so for ‘24, ‘25 what are the growth drivers apart from PU. So basically what gives you 
the confidence that….  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
I told you that saying much better, it's very difficult now to say that this will happen. You 
know, I'm very opportune and there is no doubt that the business is going to increase. There 
is no way out because another thing they are now, automotive industries are replacing 
genuine leather with artificial leather. Now we are moving onto the PU business also. I mean, 
they are two kinds of PU. One is what we are manufacturing in Gwalior, another is high solid 
PU. Now the automotive industry are started using PU in automotive industry is the 
replacement of genuine leather, right? So fortunately, we are approved in Chrysler on that PU 
also, which is, you know, $24 and here the PVCs are $7.50, $8 or $8.5. I'm working very 
seriously on that also, most probably from Thailand or Myanmar, Thailand country, I think 
we are going to get the orders because Chrysler has got their unit over there, supplier over 
there who is making seats for this material. And there are hardly any two or three 
manufacturers in the world of this kind of PU. And therefore everybody was having 
monopoly. Now they are, everybody's interested with us. Of course we will give little less 
price also, but still it is very profitable. I'm working very seriously on high solid PU for 
automotive industries. Secondly, this SUVs in the third row where they started using PVC, 
even in the big Mercedes and all those models, the placing leather and in general car also in 
your sitting area and back area, they're using leather rest. They are using all artificial. So the 

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
artificial market will increase and it is increasing. There is no doubt, especially in automotive 
industry. And in footwear industry also, we have started contacting all the big models, those 
big names, big brands, which are sold in all over the world. We are in a very close contact 
with few of them. That also these things takes time, but the future is good because you know, 
Mayur is not confined in one place. If you have to sell the better quality and the high prices, 
you have to go for these guys and to go for these guys and then getting business and then 
starting supply takes time. But we are on that line.  
Moderator:     
We have a next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments Managers 
Pvt. Ltd. You're requested to ask only a single question. Thank you.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir what is the volume expectation have for ‘23 for PU plus PVC leather combined? Current 
year?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
It should increase about 15% from last year.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
This is PU plus PVC combined.  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Both.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
And after this PVC price correction what is the expectation on realization change, if any, on 
the downside for us?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
So realization, you know, it depends, and now you know, the prices have started going down, 
rasin prices also is going down. Other prices are stable or increasing, so the prices are coming 
down. We have also started reducing the prices. So you know what we feel from current 
situation, that within one year time, the prices should come to the whole situation. If the 
things continue like this, because there is a big sale problem also in the market, because of so 
much increase in the prices. The sales has gone down in few areas like footwear sales are 
down compared before, cause the price increased rapidly. I mean, between 30% to 35% price 
increased with time. So naturally it makes some different.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. But with the mix change where you are gonna supply on the export side, where it is 
higher price, even Kia is higher priced, even Volkswagen is higher price, some total of all, do 
you see a price drop still, or you don't see a price drop, realization drop, sorry? 
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
Of course, no, but why the relation will drop, you know, realization will drop means same 
thing is the profit that how much percentage of profit you are doing suppose it was 30% 
increase and when the prices decreases your top line decrease. But still I am saying that in 
spite of this, the top line should increase 15% this year. Already prices has started going 
down.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
So volume growth will be -- so then the volume growth will be higher than the top line 
growth. I'm just clarifying. 
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
As I told, there are so many models coming up, so volume will definitely increase, will be 
higher.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Will be higher than your revenue growth.  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
Yes.  
Moderator:     
We have a next question from the line of Rohan Advani from Multi-Act Equity Consultancy 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead.  

 
Mayur Uniquoters Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Rohan Adani:  
Yes. So thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on a good set of numbers. In an answer to an 
earlier question on succession planning. You said that your son is back in the business. So 
just wanted to understand in what capacity has he joined and what are the key responsibility 
areas that you’re undertaking? So my question was Poddar sir, in one of the earlier answer 
said that his son is again, coming to the office and is back in the business. So I just wanted to 
understand in what role has he joined and what are the key responsibility areas that he's 
looking at?  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
I told you that he has came back after long time. First of all, he is observing at least two, 
three months, he will observe key area and then I will start giving in the one by one, all the, 
you know, different areas. And to having that full control, it'll take one to one and a half year.  
Moderator:     
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question of the 
day. I now hand over the call to the management team for closing comments over to you, sir.  
Suresh Kumar Poddar:  
Thank you. All the investors for joining this call. And I can simply say that the future is good 
and which you can see. And if you have any further inquiry, anyone please, you can write to 
my CFO, we will answer your questions. And I assure once again, that future is going to be a 
good, you will not regret buying Mayur share.  
Vinod Kumar Sharma:  
Thank you.  
Moderator:     
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your line. 
 
