 
 
        
August 16, 2022                             
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code : ELGIEQUIP 
Scrip Code : 522074 
 
Through : Digital Platform 
Through : BSE Listing Centre 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Audio call recording link of the conference call - financial results for the quarter ended                  
June 30, 2022 
 
In continuation to our letter dated July 22, 2022 regarding intimation of Q4 FY 2021-22 Earnings 
conference call, please find enclosed the transcript of the analyst conference call held on August 12, 
2022. The aforesaid information is also being made available on the Company’s website 
viz.,www.elgi.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Elgi Equipments Limited 
 
S Prakash 
Company Secretary 

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“ELGi Equipments Limited Q1 FY23 Conference Call 
hosted by Asian  Markets Securities Limited” 
 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIRAM VARADARAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
ELGI EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
KAMLESH KOTAK – ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES 
LIMITED 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to ELGi Equipments Q1 FY23 Conference Call 
hosted by Asian Markets Securities Limited. This conference call may contain forward looking 
statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance 
and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results may differ from 
such expectations, projections, etc., were expressed or implied. Participants are requested to 
exercise caution while referring to such statements and remarks.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please not that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kamlesh Kotak from Asian Markets Securities Limited. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Kamlesh Kotak: 
Thanks Mike. Good evening everyone. On behalf of Asian Markets, we welcome you all to the 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference of ELGi Equipments Limited. We have with us today Mr. Jairam 
Varadaraj – Managing Director representing the company. I request Mr. Jairam to take us 
through an overview of the quarterly results and the business performance and then we shall 
begin the Q&A session. Over to you, Sir. Thank you. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Thank you Kamlesh. Thanks always for organizing this Analyst Investor Call and ladies and 
gentlemen thank you very much participating. It is my pleasure to be with you this evening. I 
am presuming you have not had too much time to dwell into the numbers that we have just 
published for our Q1 and a broad level our sales has grown by 42%, but before I talk too much 
about the sales part I would like to first as always give you a reconciliations of the EBITDA 
compared to the previous year Q1 taking the same contribution level at a material cost we should 
have had considering the growth we should have had an EBITDA of close to 1,400 million as 
against that we have close to about 800 million.  
The biggest cost has been one has been the return of some of our overheads business has come 
back to normal and therefore there has been increase in our overhead and people cost have also 
gone up because it has been two years in the first year there was no revisions and the second 
year there was a very marginal revisions and the market for talent right now quite buoyant. So, 
these were the two reasons that really brings the difference between what our EBITDA should 
have been and what we came out with. So, I will rely on your questions to go deeper into the 
profits numbers stepping back and looking at the sales as usual I will start with Australia and 
then work my way west.  
Australia was better than last year, but not as good as what we had anticipated it to be. South 
East Asia continues to be a challenge because it still had some remnants of COVID, but thing 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
seem to be picking up and coming back there. India had a good solid run across all the verticals. 
There were some challenges in terms of pricing I will come back and talk about that. Moving to 
the Middle East, Middle East was not as good as it should have been, there are certain markets 
in which we grew and certain markets were challenging and of course South Asia especially Sri 
Lanka was a big problem. Europe continues to be strong in terms of our top line growth so our 
overall project to incubate Europe is on track and we are continuing to push it we need to 
optimize the business model which we are continuing to do and we are continuing to increase 
the size of the team there and expanding our reach and things are going as per plan.  
Moving on to North America we had an excellent Q1 in North America across all the business 
verticals so all the years of initiatives that we have beginning to show the results thus it has been 
very positive in North America and Brazil of course continues to be strong. Our automotive 
equipment business had a very solid growth and that partly because the Q1 of last year was very, 
very poor especially the automotive equipment, but had very good growth. So, if I look at the 
total growth at a consolidated level is about 42% out of that 42%, 28% came from volume and 
12% came from price and 2% came from exchange rate or you may be wondering why our 
exchange rate contribution to growth is so muted you got to remember that we have our other 
than India presence is equally split between Europe and US.  
So, while the dollar appreciated quite significantly the Euro actually depreciated. So, net-net the 
contribution of exchange rate has been only 2% compared to a lot of other companies that have 
been publishing with far higher gains on exchanges. Overall, if I have to make an longer term 
assessments we said in by 25-26 we will touch $450 million with a 16% EBITDA and a 30% 
ROCE. We are well on our way there. At the moment the sales number and the EBITDA number 
seem to be tracking in the right direction towards that. We had a temporary setback on ROCE 
for the simple reason that we had to invest quite significantly in inventory not only in the plant, 
but also in our subsidiaries because of huge supply disruptions that we face and we did not want 
to be left flat footed without machines when the order was there.  
So, in fact that has paid off in fact some of our growth can be attributed to the fact that we had 
availability in the markets for immediate supplies to the customer. So, there has been I think we 
have close to about 85% crore I would not say 85 crore is the full defect, but I would say out of 
that 85 crores about half of it is inventory which we will try and bring down the other half of it 
is we have been having VAT challenges in the GST we are considering that we have a huge 
international or export business to our subsidiary which it does not attract GST. So, we have a 
lot of surplus in credit which ID under technically that money should be refunded to us, but that 
is something that the government is hesitating to do, they are taking a longer term to do that. So, 
we have to kind of from a kind of procedure point of view we have to pay GST on export even 
though it is not and then claim a refund on that.  
So, that seems to be the circuit is with that way because of that sum amount of capital is stuck 
there we are hoping it will get resolved. Similarly, in Europe we are close to about 4 million 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Euro worth of VAT credit that is hitting there we are going to give a bank guarantee. It is a 
temporary phenomenon they want to establish credibility of companies before release it. So, we 
are giving a bank guarantees as a substitute for credibility for the government and then us money 
release. So, I think in the next quarter we should be able to release quite a bit on this capital out 
of our working system. So, even as we speak now the supply situation seems to be improving 
far better than what it was certainly in Q4 of last year and early part of Q1 things are improving 
both on the import side as well as on the buying side as well as on the selling side even on the 
export side we are finding that availability of containers is a lot better, the freight lead time far 
shorter so that gives us the freedom to work with lesser inventory in our subsidiaries as well as 
freight rates are beginning to come down. So, still far away from what it used to be before 
COVID, but it seems to be correcting in the right direction.  
So, I would say this is a kind of a position is I will come to the last part before we start asking 
questions is one is the challenge of our raw material prices which was a huge problem in 21-22 
the volatility was high and the frequency with which prices changes very high. So, we went 
through some challenge in terms of our margins. We took a very firm view end of last financial 
year and we tried to increase correct prices in the market. We are still in the middle of that. So, 
we are not confident that all of the price corrections that is required to cover the full cost 
increases that have happened we will be able to realize we are still analyzing what the 
possibilities are, but what you are seeing now is a situation where on the front end selling was 
at relatively subdued prices because the revision has now taken full effect, but on the back end 
side the cost were fully kind of booked in terms of cost the new cost were fully booked.  
So, I would expect that going forward the margins in the worst case will continue to be as strong 
and the expectation is at some point there may a slight uptick, but it is still too early days there 
are uncertainties around it. So, I cannot make a firm statement on that. So, this is really the 
summary of Q1 and I will be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first question 
is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My first question is with respect to demand especially the India markets, so basically how is the 
nature of demand as we speak compared to what it was say three to four quarters ago, which are 
the top four, five sectors, subsectors or industries which are driving the demand if you can give 
your broad thought process it will be great? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
First quarter India was continue to be strong, but the trajectory of growth compared to the various 
quarters of the previous year the trajectory was not there, but it continue to be strong at both 
levels, but it is still early days my expectation is considering that in a global environment when 
almost $3 trillion of stimulus amount which just pumped in has been withdrawn and then you 
have geopolitical uncertainties and you also have individual beginning to spend more of their 
money on services like vacation and travels. One would expect on top of it inflation pressures 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
across the world. One would expect that there has been some level of softening of this demand 
we are yet of see it, but we believe that in the third quarter we will start seeing something of that 
nature and we are prepared for that. As far as industry verticals like I have always maintained 
all the verticals are firing, there is no one vertical I would say as performed disproportionately 
higher than the other.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Between say infra demand and industrial demand which one is strong broadly at least you can 
give a broad thought process? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I mean you know when you look at nature of our sales our dependence on infra in actual monitory 
terms as a percentage has been always very small. Yes the inquiry levels in cement and in steel 
are all quite strong, but even when they materialize they do not constitute a big percentage. So, 
cut short my response it is industrial level really drive this. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And with respect to margins for the standalone business so basically other cost have jumped up 
significantly, should we kind of look at the same run rate of other cost as a percentage of sales 
for both other cost and both employee cost also? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Employee cost what you see in Q1 is what is a revision and that will not continue to increase at 
the same pace. It will go into multiply probably into four. As far as other fixed cost are concerned 
I expect the same behavior, but you got to understand both those cost were at very low levels in 
the prior year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir my first question is on the current economic situation in Europe, so given the current situation 
could there be a delay in our plans to ramp up sales and reach a breakeven point in FY24 or 
could it play the other way round in the sense that the competitiveness of Europe local players 
may come down and we might be able to gain even more market share from there higher than 
what we are expecting right now, so how do you think it could play out in your opening remarks? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Harshit we are seeing a very paradoxical situation existing in the whole world. Earlier it was 
COVID and now it is the Ukraine war. There was a lot of press during the peak times of COVID 
except for that first quarter of April, May 2020 which was really the first quarter of COVID after 
that the whole world decided to just ignore COVID and made results happen so that was one. 
And second when the Ukraine war happened the same thing there was a lot of press saying that 
this is going to happen, there is going to be a total collapse, there is going to be chaos all this is 
going to happen, nothing happened. Business is going on as usual. Now I am beginning to feel 
that citizens of the country recognized crisis, but they do not go into a shell and behave in an 
extreme fashion in response to these crisis. They are taking a very moderated perspective and 
license are going on. So, even in Europe if I look at some of our competitors performance in 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Europe who are mature players with large market share they have done well and for us who are 
at the bottom of the market any turbulence at the top of the surface is irrelevant for us, because 
our market share is so small it is like the fish at the bottom of the ocean, so what if there is a 
storm, etc., so it does not matter for them. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, my second question is on our outlook on the capex plans for the next two to three years you 
have earlier mentioned that you are planning to consolidate all the manufacturing operations in 
a single campus, so any visibility as to when you will start that process or it is still too much far 
in the future? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
We have already kick started the idea and the planning for it. We have not put any money on the 
ground or the campus yet, but we have decided that we are going to do it and I expect some little 
bit of amount being spent this year either in planning or consulting for that kind of amount will 
be spent, but I expect in the next two to three years we will ramp up our expenditure for the new 
campus. As far as the amount are concerned it is a little too early, but as soon as the plans are 
crystallize I will come back and talk about what we are planning to spend for more for the 
consolidation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vinit an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinit: 
In compressor side from which sector company is seeing major demand? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Like I just responded to another questions our business does not rely on any one sectors and 
what we are seeing for the last two to three years and it is continuing on in Q1 of this year is that 
we are seeing growth across all industrial sector.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sir, I wanted to understand I mean in the air compression side specifically we are one of the 
dominant players in India and with respect to skewer compressor technology which is there and 
now we are seeing one of the competitors in this industry and turning into the product of 
specifically of this skewer technology, so how do you see the competition planning out here 
given the fact that skewer segment is like 70% of the overall air compressor market and my 
second question was on the gas side I mean you know given the emerging opportunity in the 
CGD space I mean how are we looking at this opportunity these are the two questions? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Mihir I could not understand your first question I mean which competitor are you talking about 
those entered into….. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Pune based player. 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
You are talking about Kirloskar? 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Yes they have not entered they have been in this business for a long time. So, yes they do have 
a presence in the market, but they have a long way to go in terms of getting their products ready, 
their rains ready and I do not know whether they have global aspirations like we do. So, yes we 
watch them, we respect them, but I am not having sleepless night because of that and my second 
thing is they seems to be quite strong in the gas business which is an area that we have 
specifically said we will not play. So, it is not an opportunity for us. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Just to understand and to improve my understanding I mean my understanding is that they have 
launched this skewer compressor they were not earlier present by the skewer technology, so is 
that understanding correct and now they have launched it? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
It is not true they have had skew compressor and then they have invested a new designs and 
technology, but it is not like they are new to skew compressors.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
So Jai could you just help us understand what has been the increase in pricing in especially in 
domestic market in India and how are customers reacting to such a steep hike because we 
understand that there has been some resistance across the board not just the compressor given 
the steep inflation that we are seeing? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Like I explained Bhavin our 42% growth 12% is from price. Now this is compared to Q1 of last 
year, but if you look at what commodity prices went up from Q1 of last year to now still let us 
say March of 22 it was close to 25%, 30%. So, what we have really increased this 12%. So 
question really is 12% excessive and I think we are still under recovering even at 12% whether 
we have to absorb it through volume and maintain as an EBITDA level or do we maintain a 
profitability at the margin levels. These are things that we need to be very careful in calibrating 
in terms of competitors response. Now I do not want to get into specifics of what price increases 
we have done in India with the rest of the world and all that because of too sensitive an 
information. The fact remained that if I take the commodity price increase that has happened 
since the quarter of last year I mean that is all public information, it is not my own kind of a 
nightmarish projections, we have recovered only 40% of that. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Despite that maintain the gross margin there is really a commendable on the design front, value 
engineering front that is really a commendable from a company standpoint, the second question 
especially in the domestic market if you could give us flavor on the two sub segments one is it 
portable compressor segment which is both that goes into the infrastructure as well as water and 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
second on the oil compressor aside you had mentioned about additional products that we have 
been introduction and deepening our presence here and alongside we understand the leader in 
the market is facing a lot of constraint on the supply chain side and times on the deliveries have 
gone up considerably so we are we benefitting on that? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So on construction and mining if I look at all possible business let us say into construction mining 
and water well. Construction mining has done very well as much as it competes strong in terms 
of growth with the industrials so it has been a very strong performance and the fact that there is 
a lot of infrastructure investment priority by the government that is trickle down impact and I 
expect that as long as the government continues down this path of investment there will be a 
continuing demand for these products that is one part of this story. The other part of the story is 
the water well market has really it is a bottom and it is in a very poor shape. We are on top of 
the markets we know how many machines have installed, we know our share of the market has 
increased, but the market itself has kind of got into a paralysis and the main reason is because 
fuel prices has gone so high. It is no longer economical for farmers to be drilling bore well and 
their circumstances have been same to some extent by the fact that there has been good monsoon. 
So, if the monsoon were not good then probably the demand would have been still stronger in 
spite of the diesel prices because then that basically sustenance. So, these are environmental 
periodic challenges that are there, but a product itself that we have launched has got outstanding 
response I mean that is the key thing and therefore when this market comes back we believe that 
we will be an extremely strong sequence and that is what we are working on but having said that 
product has got some very good fashion in some our international market which is a positive 
point. On Oil Free, we are continuing to grow has had a good quarter. I would not put a negative 
of a competitor as a positive for us. I mean it is a very strong competitor, lead time challenges 
are there for everyone. So, I would not say takes that as learnings. There may have been one or 
two orders here and there that we gained because of our ability to deliver, but I do not think in a 
technically sensitive products like oil free customers are going to make a decision purely on 
delivery. So, I do not see that as a big advantage for us.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Just last question from my side if you were to request you to crystal gaze  next four quarters, 
would a mixing growth for the consolidated entity in your view the real estate aggressive or 
conservative? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
You got to say the question again Bhavin I did not fully get it. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Let me repeat if were to request you to crystallize next four quarters what is from second quarter 
of this year to second quarter of FY24 have we seen revenue growth for the consolidated entity 
in your view would it be conservative aggressive or realistic assumption? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I think it is a good question, but it is a very difficult question for me to answer. I think Q2 will 
be a strong Q2, but it will be an unfair comparison because Q2 of last quarter was on the back 
of pent up demand because of a weak Q1. So, while this year Q2 will be quite good in 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
comparison to Q2 of last year it may not be as dramatic as what we have done in Q1 so that is 
one step forward as far as Q2 is concerned. My concern beyond Q2 is what will be the impact 
of all these negative economic factors where there is inflations or whether it is the demand for 
services that will take demand away from products, lack of stimulus and lack of money and 
consumption in the hands of people. I do not know it is very difficult for me to say. Now what I 
can say is that India for me is I do not know whether it is going to have strong growth. It will 
probably have reasonable growth. I am very optimistic about our international business for the 
reasons that I said our share of the market is low. So, I do not want to put a percentage but if I 
mid-teens as a big number for me to commit to looking into the future, but it is very difficult 
from their point of view.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Now continuing with the earlier question of Bhavin on the pricing front I want to understand 
what is the pricing difference after taking 12% price hike I want to understand how the other 
players or leading players in the industry especially globally have done on the pricing front, so 
want to understand that kind of gap that would be there between your company and Atalas in 
terms of pricing because I believe pricing really one of the important element of growth 
especially in international market so that is my question? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
It is almost impossible for me to say what percentage of price difference is there between ELGi 
and Atlas Copco or Ingersoll Rand almost impossible to say. The price is such a dynamic thing 
in the market you need to look at general trends of where we are now when we look on a steady 
state basis before all this COVID related chaos in commodity prices hit. In India we were 
probably 10% to 15% maybe 10% lower than Atlas and Ingersoll Rand. In the rest of the world, 
we are probably 20% lower and 25% lower than Ingersoll Rand or an Atlas Copco. Now what 
are we today I do not know are we still lower probably we are lower, but some percentages are 
very hard to guess now if you have looked a performance of Atlas Copco second quarter or their 
second quarter what is our quarter worldwide there has been a significant loss of profitability 
view of satellite chain which basically means that their prices, their cost have gone up and they 
have not increased their prices, but they have gained significantly on exchanges. So they are 
compensated for that. So, they have the benefit of that and they were able to do it and if you look 
at Ingersoll Rand Q1 India numbers they have compared to the prior year Q1 of last year their 
material cost has gone up by 6%. Now, if you look at LG case I would say we are not so different 
either only if you take the India business I mean you have not look at the standalone and you 
have not look at the consolidated, but if you look at the India business we are pretty much in the 
same kind of a declaration in material cost. So, I would then have to say that we have not kind 
of gone away from what that earlier parity in price was between us and our competitors, but it is 
still early days. We have got to understand this dynamic a little bit more.  

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Rahul Gajare: 
My second question is on backward integration now I do understand that we are looking at 
integrating manufacturing into a single…. could you discuss more on what is it that you are 
doing and how is this going to be playing out not in terms of costing, but in terms of overall 
manufacturing for you all and therefore are you looking at more backward integration somewhat 
it exist already do and I think continuing with that question would all of these backward 
integration will we able to meet all your internal requirement or you still need to go out and 
source from elsewhere? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, there are two things one is building our new campus that has got nothing to do with backward 
integration that is an efficiency improvement, capacity improvement. The current city campus 
is bursting at its thing. We cannot afford to operate the way we are operating here. So, we need 
to go to a larger campus and have the ELGi rooms and improve our overall efficiency. So, by 
doing that we will also be saving certain hospital replicated so that is one part of it. As far as 
backward integration is concerned there are three areas of backward integration that we have 
done in the order of chronology one was our pressure vessel divisions, second was our foundry 
and the third was our motor. Now why did we do pressure vessel we do pressure vessel because 
it is a safety related component. We are growing our strategy alone at that time and now as well 
as to build a business. When you have a pressure vessel if it breaks it is a catastrophic thing we 
cannot afford to have that. So, we could rely on the inconsistently of quality with our suppliers 
and we could put our brand name on that and instead of have some disastrous consequences. So, 
that was the reason why we did it. Now do we do all of our pressure vessels ourselves no we do 
not. There are diluted less technical compressor maybe for the India market where we know 
what is required, how to console it, we do have suppliers of pressure vessels so it is not like it is 
100%. Moving to the foundry the same reason I mean we have get it for quality, we had to have 
the quality for some of our casting and we have achieved that and today the quality of the casting 
that come out of our foundry is outstanding and do we make 100% of our castings? No, there 
are certain castings that we buy from other foundry, same thing with motors. Now the reason 
why we integrated backward into motors if you improve satellite chain, improve the 
performance, equity power performance of our compressors and also ensure that we do not have 
a cost penalty with respect to sourcing from China as we wanted to reduce the sourcing risk of 
China. So, that is what we achieve so have we all done no, do we buy motors still from China 
yes we do and do we buy from Siemens yes we do. So, it is not like we are switching over 100%, 
it is very strategic thing that we have done. So, that is how it will continue into the future.  
Rahul Gajare: 
Can you put some range in terms of internal the backward integration that manages your 
procurement and what you have to source externally? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
You are talking about percentage it varies from pressure vessels casting and this motor will be 
very different and I do not have the numbers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Vinod Shastri you may go ahead with your questions. 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
August 12,2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Vinod Shastri: 
I have two questions, but that is not related to the numbers actually what is the success is there 
any success any plan that is going within ELGi would be first question and the second one would 
be what is the attrition rate with an ELGi as of now at least in the fourth quarter of 2022? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Yes subsection is a very active subject. It is being discussed as soon as our clean plan is finalized 
it is in the process of being made. Once it is finalized I will certainly announce this both in terms 
of both the process as well as timing. As far as attrition is concerned you got a slightest at various 
bands. So, you take a band that is at the top of our employee level our attrition is zero then if 
you take the attrition at the right at the top it is marginal almost nothing then if you look at the 
middle layer also it is not very high, but it is only in the entry levels, white caller employer in 
the first 5 to 6 years of their career track that is attrition, but is nowhere near the attrition at the 
IT industry is there. So, I do not have a consolidated attrition percentage, but our regrettable 
attritions are very low.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Now we have no further questions. Any remarks you would like to make. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I am fine Kamlesh I think I have pretty much covered what I wanted to say I want to thank you 
for taking the effort to organizing this. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you everyone with that we conclude the call. Thank you for joining us have a good day.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Asian Market Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
