 
 
August 17, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051,  
Maharashtra, India 
BSE Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject         : 
Transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analysts/Investors held on August 10, 
2022 
 
Stock Code  :    BSE – 539787, NSE – HCG 
 
Reference    :    
 
Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 10, 2022, with 
Analysts/Investors to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the quarter ended June 30, 2022.  
 
This is also available on the website of the Company www.hcgoncology.com. 
 
Kindly take the intimation on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
  
For HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
Sunu Manuel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited Q1 FY-23 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. B. S. AJAI KUMAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN, 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. RAJ GORE – CEO, HEALTHCARE GLOBAL 
ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. SRINIVASA RAGHAVAN – CFO, HEALTHCARE 
GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited. This conference call may contain forward looking 
statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Dr. B. S. Ajai Kumar – Executive Chairman 
of Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Thank you very much and good evening to everyone and welcome to all the present on the Q1 
F23 earning conference call for Healthcare Global Enterprise. I have with me here Mr. Raj Gore, 
our Chief Executive Officer and Srini Raghavan, who is our CFO and Ashutosh and Venkat 
from our management.  
HCG is a leading oncology care provider which is patient centric, technology oriented and 
outcome based. Our focus has been on oncology and in conjunction with partners in some areas 
which has built a strong legacy as a world class oncology institution and go to brand oncological 
treatment and services across India. We are also into infertility as well as few multispecialty 
hospitals which we are also strengthening. Our focus on strong clinical talents, good 
infrastructure, technology and timely upgradation of the same has enhanced our ability to deliver 
exceptional clinical outcomes equal to or better than global standards. In the very near future, 
we are putting together data on head and neck and breast cancer on these outcomes and see how 
we can challenge the global outcomes.  
HCG is today not only a service provider but has taken a lead role in research and academics. 
Recently we have acquired next generation sequence in genomics which is a sequencer of high 
end and in process of acquiring circulating tumor cell platform. These additions are already 
enhancing our capabilities, physician diagnosis, leading to early detection of not only cancer but 
also early detection of recurrent cancer and genomic guided therapy. We have a separate tumor 
board for this with relevant expertise. In addition, we have introduced enterprise RIS PACS in 
collaboration with Siemens for the first time in this country for AI based physician imaging 
which will enhance our research capabilities and also improve our effect on the patient outcomes 
and diagnosing the patients in proper staging. Further HCG is introducing first of its kind in the 
country, an AI enabled adoptive radiotherapy in our center of Excellence in Bangalore which 
will again make a difference in how we precisely treat cancer patients. Under clinical initiatives 
we have achieved a sizable scale in terms of case load and patient outcome across centers and 
continue to enhance our in-house capabilities to increase the number of clinical trials carried out 
at present and work with the pharma companies on drug discovery and related matters backed 
with significant data.  

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Talking of our environmental-friendly initiatives, we have done a very successful 
implementation of 3.3 MW solar plant at our Bangalore facility, related to our Bangalore facility 
slated to the commission in a couple of months which will result in substantial cost savings also. 
We have already initiated a pioneering effort in genomics, metabolics and microbes to unleash 
indigenous research in India for Indians rather than extrapolating western origin data and force 
fitting in the context of Indian populace. In addition, we will be trancing away from the 
conventional medical record system to electronic medical records which will not only provide 
value for the patients, in terms of their clinical management but also analytics and data 
intelligence will be gathered. We are working on modus operandi to ensure that the last mile 
benefits of our physician and personalized medicine endeavors through tech enabled innovations 
like HoloLens, a phenomenal technology that marked a super processing power and wider field 
of reason to provide help to our patients not only in the center of excellence but also in Tier 2, 
Tier 3 cities. With these few remarks I now handover to Mr. Raj Gore, our CEO.  
Raj Gore: 
Thank you Dr. Ajai. Good evening, everyone. Very warm welcome to all of you. We are 
delighted to share healthy financial and operation performance yet again for Q1 FY23. We are 
happy to report robust growth for quarter ended June 2022. Our consolidated revenues for Q1 
FY23 grew by 26% on a year-on-year basis and we've reported PBT of Rs. 10 crores for Q1 
FY23 as compared to loss of Rs. 9 crores in Q1 FY22. We are also happy to report that we've 
been able to successfully accelerate the financial performance for HCG over the last eight 
quarters. Our revenue has increased by 1.7 times since Q2 FY21 on a quarterly run rate basis. 
Correspondingly our EBITDA in absolute terms have grown by 2.4 times over the last eight 
quarters and have been able to achieve consecutive PBT positive quarters.  
We have been working on multiple fronts to take HCG to greater height by constantly improving 
holistic value that we offer to our patients and thus create value for the business in a sustainable 
manner. We are confident of maintaining our growth momentum going forward. Four key areas 
of our strategic roadmap that we are currently working on are; 
1) Digital transformation. It means two things, building digital capability, to build HCG brand 
online, to increase digitally influence patient footfalls into our hospital. 2) Improving our 
processes from patients’ perspective to deliver an experience that matches evolving consumer 
behavior and expectations. This initiative will involve omni-channel patient engagement with 
the help of multiple digital assets like website, social media, WhatsApp bot, patient app portal, 
centralized call center, integrated CRM and advanced analytics and business intelligence. We 
are already seeing some green shoots. For example, our website traffic is up by 2.7 times over 
last six months.  
The second initiative is cost optimization and efficiency enhancement. We have also been 
working on our structural cost optimization and efficiency enhancement program. We've been 
able to evaluate multiple areas for enhancing workforce productivity and optimize staffing 
accordingly in a scientific manner. Additionally, we have also relooked at our pricing and 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
collectively these initiatives should drive significant operational efficiency to improve margin. 
We would commit later but we are targeting a healthy margin improvement from these 
initiatives. The third initiative is growth of our medical value travel business. We have recasted 
our international business strategy starting a couple of quarters ago. Largely the strategy is 
focused on enhancing our footprint, both geographically and channel wise. We have set up six 
new information centers across our large contributing geography for creating greater brand pool. 
Currently we are averaging about 1.4 times the monthly average during the pre-COVID times. 
The fourth initiative is inorganic acquisition. We are also scouting for few inorganic acquisitions 
as a part of our growth strategy and are actively pursuing some. We will keep the market posted 
at appropriate time. Our history of successful partnerships and upscaling of the acquired 
businesses over a period gives us confidence to pursue this strategy.  
To conclude I would like to reiterate, that we have strengthened our senior management team, 
our clinical team across the network and have been continuously upgrading our technology and 
capabilities in cancer care for providing all oncology related services under roof. With this I 
would like to handover the call to Srini to take you through the financial and operational 
performance highlights for the quarter ended June 2022.  
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Thank you Raj. Very good evening to all of you. We have uploaded our Q1 ‘23 financial results 
and updated investor presentation on the stock exchanges and company’s website. I do hope 
everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. We are delighted to share that we have 
been able to grow our revenues ahead of the industry growth due to the trust and brand created 
for HCG over decades.  
On the revenue front; our consolidated revenues for Q1 ‘23 stood at 408 crores as compared to 
323 crores in Q1 FY22, a growth of 26%. Revenue split between HCG and Milann stood at 96% 
and 4% respectively for Q1 FY23. Revenue growth for HCG stood at 26% YOY and Milann 
stood at 43% YOY. As mentioned in slide #27 revenue from the existing center stood at 298 
crores, a growth of 23% on a YOY basis. Revenue from new center stood at 75 crores a growth 
of 23% on YOY. We are delighted to state that our new centers are inching towards maturity 
and are seeing good traction across geographies.  
Coming to slide #33; our revenues from oncology business grew by 35% on YOY basis to 343 
crores and revenue from non-oncology business stood at 58 crores. I now call your attention to 
slide #34 where we have for the first-time disclosed bifurcation of our operational parameters 
across our existing network and new network. Our company wide AOR stood at 64.6% and AOR 
for existing versus new centers stood at 64% and 66.1% respectively. Higher Occupancy for new 
centers is due to only 70% of beds were operational in new centers. AOR and capacity beds 
stands at 49%. Our ARPOB on company level stood at Rs. 38,454 and our ARPOB from existing 
network stood at Rs. 40,606 and for new centers it stood at Rs.32,968. ROCE for existing 
network stood at 19% annualized for Q1 FY23 as compared to 15.4% in FY22, a growth of 360 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
bps. ROCE for new centers stood at (-4.6%) annualized for Q1 FY23 as compared to (-8.3%) in 
full year FY22. This again is an improvement of 370 bps.  
Across geography we have given our revenue breakup in slide #35. Jaipur grew by 263%, 
revenue from Ranchi grew by 112% and Mumbai grew by 53%. Bangalore center of excellence 
grew by 37%.  
Our Milann business is also doing well. Revenues have increased by 43% in Q1 FY23 on YOY 
basis, our new registrations grew by 139%. New centers revenue growth in Milann stood at 70%. 
On the EBITDA front; our consolidated EBITDA for Q1 FY23 stood at 72 crores as compared 
to 51 crores in Q1 FY22, a growth of 41% on YOY basis. Our EBITDA growth on quarter-on-
quarter basis stood at 14%. We have also given bifurcation of our EBITDA across existing and 
new centers. I would request to participants to view slide #27 for further details.  
We are happy to report that EBITDA from our new center is growing. EBITDA margins for Q1 
FY23 stood at 17.7% as compared to 15.9% in Q1 FY22 and 17.3% in Q4 FY22. EBITDA 
margin expanded by 180 bps on YOY basis. As we draw synergies from various cost saving 
initiatives including strategic efficiency projects that Raj talked about, we are confident of 
improving EBITDA margin by 100 to 200 bps over the next 12 to 18 months. Some benefits of 
these initiatives are reflecting in the higher margin for this quarter. 
On profit before tax; we are having to report PBT positive number of 10.4 crores in Q1 FY23 as 
compared to a loss of 8.9 crores in Q1 FY22. We aim to be a profit-making company on a 
consistent basis from now onwards. Happy to share that we are PAT positive by 6 crores in Q1 
FY23 which is fairly sustainable and likely to go in the coming quarters. PBT on QOQ basis 
increased by 11 times. PBT margin for Q1 FY23 stood at 2.6% as compared to (-2.8%) in Q1 
FY22. Our net debt position excluding capital leases as on 30th June, 2022 stood at 191.5 crores 
compared to 293.7 crores on 30th June ‘21 and 190.5 crores as on 31st March ‘22. CAPEX for 
Q1 FY23 was Rs. 16.3. crores, bifurcated between existing centers and new centers at Rs. 12.2 
crores and 4.1 crores respectively. Our expansion of existing facilities at Ahmedabad Phase 2 
and Whitefield extension of Bangalore COE is on track and we have incurred 7 crore and 1 crore 
respectively. Total plan CAPEX for Ahmedabad is Rs. 85 crores expected date of operations 
being Q1 FY25 and for Bangalore COE is Rs. 25 crores expected date of operation being Q4 
FY24. With this I would now like to open the floor for question and answer.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shubam Ajmera from SOIC. 
Shubham Ajmera: 
I would like to get your view on the international patients, like have we reached the pre-COVID 
level here and what kind of growth we are seeing here and what is the current percentage of 
revenue from international patients store in our total revenues? If you can give us some broad 
idea on that.  

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you for this question. As I mentioned in my opening remarks,  Pre- Covid period 
Bangalore was largely the only  destination to get international patients. Post-COVID, today we 
have Mumbai as well as Kolkata, two more destinations and we have made significant efforts in 
expanding our geographical footprint as well as channel footprints, whether it's government tie-
ups, insurance tie-ups, institutional tie-ups with different corporates as well as digital channel. 
As a result, we have seen in Quarter 1 our business is 1.4 times the pre-COVID level. I think 
today at a HCG level our international business is about 4%. But you would be happy to know 
that at our center of excellence in Bangalore it's at 15% of top line and I think we're just getting 
started.  
Shubham Ajmera: 
Second question is, we have done some changes in the life of property plant and equipment. Can 
you please elaborate on which categories we have done it and what is the current life of such 
assets from the previous year?  
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
This is a major change basically it is PET CT which we were depreciating over a period of 10 
years, the Companies Act and the industry practice allows to kind of depreciate for a period of 
13 years which is what we have done.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam Shrinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just the first one team on AOR. I know you don't kind of look at it like how we look at other 
hospitals. But just that's been a significant jump. So, is there something from an operational 
standpoint that's changing we've reached like close to 65%? Just want to understand what's 
happening on occupancy. I don't know whether you have an outlook for it but just would like to 
understand this one.  
Raj Gore: 
I think we've been mentioning in our several quarterly calls that there's a lot of effort that we 
have taken over last 4 to 6 quarters in improving our clinical strength in each hospital, adding 
more technology, adding more services. But mainly a lot of effort has been taken on our go to 
market strategy, our number of empanelment with different TPAs, different corporate, different 
pair channels. There's a lot of groundwork that has happened. There is a lot of activation 
activities have happened to create awareness about HCG's capability in treating cancer patients. 
I think we're seeing a consistent growth in our footfalls as a result of all these efforts. As a result, 
the occupancy is growing. If you see the trend in occupancy is consistent over last few quarters. 
 Shyam Srinivasan: 
Get the factual point but I'm just saying is this how should we look at it going ahead that's one 
because we are now breaking new ground. I don't know whether have at least seeing historical 
numbers of this high. How does it actually impact our business model, either in terms of what 
growth you can aspire to versus and the kind of margins? Because I'm assuming generally simple 
that higher utilization means better margins.  

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
As you know Shyam in the past the question has been asked about our occupancy and we were 
always in the 50% or so we were said it is because a lot of outpatient therapy going on. But now 
as you can see on revenue growth of 26% in the last eight quarters. I think like what Raj said 
increasing footfall essentially this is what we were expecting. We have space, we don't have 
space constraints. We don't have to put more brick and mortar. This Occupancy is happening as 
per our expectation as the revenue grows from each center because our center of excellence and 
areas in Jaipur are all reaching historic growths. Naturally the occupancy will increase. It won't 
remain stable at 50%. That is the growth we are seeing and going forward yes, we still have 64, 
some consider in the 75 as the maximum. We may reach there at that point when all other centers 
start performing to its potential. But it also could be depending on centers, for example Jaipur 
now we are almost full. So, we have capacity so also in our Ahmadabad center. And Ahmedabad 
we are building a new center. All of this will also take care of this. But it is a healthy growth it 
is expected and we are obviously happy about it.  
Shyam Srinivasan: 
My second question is on ARPOB dynamics and slightly different trend, so for example new 
centers we have not seen ARPOB grow but if I were to look at existing centers, they have grown 
well, blended is 6%. Can you walk us through some of the dynamics here? What's happening 
either in terms of price, mix, what is being done here?  
Raj Gore: 
Just one more data point on the previous question that you asked. I think we have a capacity of 
about 1,974 beds right now. We have personalized 1,737 beds. If your question was any way or 
if your question was related to how much upside of growth is, as and when we increase our 
occupancy, we will continue to commission more beds that are already built. I don't see capacity 
as a constraint going forward. On ARPOB, I think that has happened on improvement in 
ARPOB, has happened due to 2-3 levels. One is pricing increase, second is I think we have 
pricing for cash as well as TPA revision. We are seeing some positive mix change. We have 
more hospitals which are NABH accredited which gives us additional pricing ability. As a 
combination, I think our ARPOB is improving.  
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Raj, you mentioned in the opening comments, we have looked at pricing. So, cash and TPA 
what's the revision, is it like linked to 4%-5% medical inflation or higher?  
Raj Gore: 
Usually year-on-year we do about 2% to 3% inflationary increase. But we have also talked about 
operational efficiency improvement program. Under that program we have done more structured 
pricing revision starting with our Bangalore market. I think that's also contributing to higher 
margin. Now we are in process of rolling out that initiative across 10 more centers in the network. 
So, you will see additional improvement on realization because of that.  
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thank you so much. Just my first question is still pending which is why the difference between 
existing versus new ARPOB? I'll stop there. Thank you.  

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Raj Gore: 
So, a new center. if you look at the growth, I think Jaipur has really picked up. Jaipur, I think 
the mix is more in favor to scheme business and as a result of that the realization is constant. 
Also, the way we are approaching Jaipur is we want more and more patients to experience our 
services and all and the optimization will happen as and when we go closer to the utilization 
level, higher utilization level.  
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Regarding your question of why ARPOB is increased more in our existing centers, it is because 
of the mix technology, price increase. Obviously, our center of excellence Bangalore will have 
a much higher ARPOB even as we go forward when we look at the ARPOB in a conventional 
way. That could be the reason also the difference is there Shyam.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from ShareKhan by BNP Paribas. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
My question is on the structure pricing revision you just talked about in Bangalore Center. Can 
we just elaborate it and how you are planning to implement it into other centers?  
Raj Gore: 
So, there are two types of pricing exercise. One is annual inflationary price increase but every 
2-3 years we would like to do a more structured pricing increase. What does that mean? That 
means we map the competition, we look at the pricing, we map our positioning in the market, 
our value proposition in the market versus other players. We look at our capacity utilization for 
particular businesses and see if there is an opportunity to increase pricing premium. We go line 
item by line item in a more structured manner and identify items where we can optimize our 
pricing. Now that's the methodology that's specific to a particular market. Therefore, we started 
with Bangalore and now we will take it to other markets. It does take some time to study the 
market and map it and we will take it to more markets as we move forward in this year.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
My second question is on your cost optimization strategy which was explained in the initial 
comments of the management. So can you just elaborate on how you are planning for this cost 
optimization strategy because these are some of the levers which will help us to drive the margins 
and as sir said that you are focusing on achieving around 150 to 200 bps improvement in the 
margins, these are the levers which will help you to drive the margins. Can you just elaborate on 
your cost optimization strategy?  
Raj Gore: 
Absolutely. You know that as an industry we've been facing increasing competition, price 
regulation, pressure on margin and therefore we believe that we must do everything to increase 
margin and the key in that is identify micro efficiencies which and aggregate helps us to improve 
overall margin. So, there are several levers we are looking at it. One is workforce productivity. 
Workforce cost is one of the major cost items in our P&L. Second is indirect cost optimization, 
the long tale of fixed cost. What we do in that is basically go line by line, identify duplication 
based non-value adding activities, redesign processes, introduce technology to improve the 
productivity of certain processes, do shared services, introduce shared services so that we can 
have economies of scale. We do a very structured program line item by line item and I think 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
again we’ve started this initiative in Bangalore clusters first and we will now take it to other 
markets.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
My third question is on; I've gone through all the clusters. We have seen that most of the clusters 
have done pretty well strong growth. Maharashtra, we have seen only the growth of just 10%, 
any particular reason for it?  
Raj Gore: 
I think if you look at Maharashtra, Nasik is one of our big centers. I think it's the biggest center 
for us in Maharashtra in terms of top line. Last year Q1, we had a significant COVID business 
in that hospital and this quarter that is not there and that's why the percentage is looking lower.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
It is because of the high base of the COVID led business? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
One last bookkeeping question, this quarter we have seen tax rate higher at 7.9 crores. Is there 
any one-off into it?  
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
The thing is more from a conservative point of view; we don't take any deferred tax asset on our 
loss breaking business. That's the reason why we take, so that is the reason why it is like that.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
What would be a normalized tax rate for the year? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
We are at about 34.5% which is the normal tax rate 34.5%  which is normal tax rate that each 
year effects us at this point in time. At an appropriate time, we will evaluate the lower tax of 
25%.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
As you mentioned that our optimum capacity utilization is something which you are looking at 
all the centers. So, when you think about putting a CAPEX what kind of a utilization you have 
in front of you for a particular center? For example, Ahmedabad as you said that currently it is 
now fully utilized capacity. So, when you do an expansion or when you come out with a 
greenfield project next to a particular hospital what kind of capacity utilization or occupancy 
you normally look into then after which you have to expand the capacity? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
In the capacity utilization as we discussed previously about occupancy rate beds. Our focus 
going forward in the greenfield if we do will be less beds and more outpatient facility, daycare 
because the whole cancer care is moving towards that. When we talk about capacity utilization, 
it is not only about beds anymore but it is about how many linear accelerators, what is the number 
of patient a linear accelerator can it take, can it do 100 patients because some of the newer 
technology and all can used to give that kind of capacity. When we are running for example in 
Jaipur, we are at capacity utilization on the two units, we are now trying to bring a third unit. So, 
we are reaching there. Another important thing is as we know our CAPEX is actually, we have 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
discussed this in the past meetings where it is now pay-for-use model majority of the times even 
though there may be exceptions. With this model the CAPEX actual requirement in terms of 
what if actual CAPEX becomes less, it is more of a sharing the revenue. With all this I think we 
are very well positioned to handle even a capacity needed, putting extra technology without 
actually putting extra CAPEX in it. So, it will be risk reward sharing. So, all of this I think will 
help us to grow very fast in future depending on where the need is and it is very specific. For 
example, we may be reaching capacity in Jaipur but we may not have reached capacity in 
Kolkata or South Mumbai. We will now also focus on that which areas needs to be focused and 
the management is putting in extra effort to these areas to reach capacity.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashay Jain from Jain Capital. 
Ashay Jain: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, can you elaborate on digital initiatives taken to increase the 
revenue and how do we see the overall technology planning a major part in the increase in 
revenues?  
Raj Gore: 
Thank you for asking that question. The whole genesis of HCG is bringing the most advanced 
medical technology to cancer patients in India. This is something that we are pioneering. I think 
if you look at what has happened parallelly in other industries, is digital technology has been 
used to meet evolving consumer needs. Consumer needs around self-service, consumer needs 
around online payment, consumer needs about information requirements, consumer needs about 
comparing different products, services but mainly providing convenience to consumers when 
they avail the services. This is one area; we feel that we want to really invest in through multiple 
channels. So right from creating awareness about HCGs oncology capabilities online. Ours is a 
customer base which every year you have about 15 to 20 lakh new cancer patients in a population 
of 140 crores. Our ability to reach to them in traditional sales or marketing methods is very 
limited and will not be as productive. But today we know that patients want patients and their 
families want to learn about their disease, want to do research online, want to make second 
opinion and are willing to travel any corner of India or world if they feel that's where they get 
the right treatment. It gives us an avenue to reach out to our fragmented, thinly dense patient 
group in a very effective manner. Historically we have a very good track record. We treat more 
than lakh patients every year. That patient base is spread all over India and the word of mouth 
has helped. In addition to this, this is another thing that we are deploying. The other part is we 
know that the mix around digital is it mainly a domain of millennial male in metropolitan cities. 
We know that post-COVID, the rural users of internet have surpassed the metro users of internet. 
We know that people with age group of more than 45, that group is as big as millennials which 
is 20 to 35 in terms of internet usage. So, things are changing. The internet penetration is almost 
doubled over the last couple of years and now half of India's population is covered under that, it 
will continue to grow. We feel that with our kind of differentiated and specialized products it 
gives us a very good channel to reach out to masses across India, in fact across world through 
digital channels. So that's one thing. Second is the cancer patient journey starts before HCG and 
will continue while they are getting treated at HCG. They will always have this sword hanging 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
over them and they will have to do follow ups once they finish the treatment for rest of the life. 
Through digital asset it gives us the ability to make sure that their journey before HCG to during 
HCG and after HCG is convenient and we can help them by giving them the right advice, doing 
a follow up with them, sending reminders, bringing them back because early detection gives 
them best chance to improve their outcome. There are several aspects of this initiative. We've 
started working on it. We are seeing some early green shoots and we feel that with changing 
consumer behavior I think this will become a growing channel for us going forward. 
Ashay Jain: 
Second question, when can we expect the new centers perform as the matured centers and will 
be at what scale and within what time frame?  
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Sorry can you repeat your question again?  
Ashay Jain: 
My question is when can we expect the new centers perform as the mature centers and at what 
scale and within what time frame?  
Raj Gore: 
As you see, this time we have given a breakup between existing and mature centers, sorry 
existing and new centers. You see how the traction on new centers has been, a year-on-year 
growth has been fantastic, occupancy rates are going up. This bucket was loss making, now its 
EBITDA positive. One by one we’ve turned all centers around. Kolkata is our newest center. 
We expect that to be turned around this year. I think we are on the right force. Unfortunately for 
us the 2 years of COVID pandemic slowed down our ramp up on these new centers. But as soon 
as the COVID is going away we've seen immediate acceleration in this turnaround story. We 
expect one negative EBITDA center Kolkata, the newest center to be turned around this month. 
And ramp up has been fantastic. You see Nagpur ramp up, you see Jaipur, Jaipur has done 
fantastically. We are very confident that in next 12 to 18 months this bucket will start getting 
pretty close to existing tenants.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Raj Joshi from Ace Securities.  
Raj Joshi: 
What will be our strategy for expansion in the form of greenfield, brown field and inorganic? 
Can you elaborate on the same and what will be the CAPEX guidance for the next coming 2-3 
years?  
Raj Gore: 
We have refrained from giving a CAPEX guidance going forward. However, on your greenfield 
questions, today we have two of Mumbai centers as well as Kolkata centers which are greenfield 
centers for us. We are in process of ramping them up. We have also further announced two 
centers. One is an extension center in Whitefield for our center of excellence which is a 
greenfield project. Our Ahmedabad center of excellence has peaked out in terms of utilization. 
We are relocating in a newer site with an expanded capacity. That's another greenfield project 
we are doing. I think beyond that we will focus on inorganic acquisition route. As an event we 
find targets that we feel fit in our strategy, we feel that we can either ramp them up quickly or 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
turn them around quickly and we can get it at a good valuation in a value accretive manner. So 
that's our plan for brownfield growth. As and when we have more definitive developments, we 
will share it with you.  
Raj Joshi: 
What are the steps taken to improve the revenue and the margin from the new center, especially 
from the Mumbai and Kolkata center? 
Raj Gore: 
So again both of these centers were relatively new before we entered into COVID pandemic era. 
The playbook for us has been very simple. Get the right clinical talent, introduce more treatment 
capabilities, more technology, enhance the customer base by your go to market activities with 
institutional tie-ups, with TPAs, insurance, PSUs, different pair channels, bring for Mumbai-
Kolkata especially. I mentioned it earlier, prior to COVID we had only Bangalore as a 
destination to bring international patients. Mumbai and Kolkata are very well connected across 
the world. We are already as a result we are able to bring in international patients to these two 
more locations. That has helped us to improve our international business 1.4 times the pre-
COVID level. We will continue to drive that growth going forward. The playbook is pretty 
simple for turning around these new centers.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyanka Gandhi from Ace Capital.  
Priyanka Gandhi: 
I just have a couple of questions. You mentioned about cost rationalization but can you quantify 
on the same, what will be the uptick in margins due to the decrease in cost and increase in 
efficiency?  
Raj Gore: 
As I mentioned, we started this project with our Bangalore cluster sometime a couple of quarters 
ago. We've already seen just in Bangalore cluster we've seen about 20 to 30 basis point 
improvement in our margin in Quarter 1 alone. We will take this initiative to more locations. We 
expect about 100 to 200 basis points improvement in our margins as we roll out these initiatives 
across all centers and ramp them up to their full capacity or potential.  
Priyanka Gandhi: 
My next question being scalability and industry growth for cancer; can it be scaled up and across 
the country as a multi-specialty hospital brand? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
As a multi speciality what? Can it be scaled up as what? 
Priyanka Gandhi: 
 Can it be scaled up across the country as a multi-specialty brand hospital? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
We are very focused as an oncology brand. We don't feel need to really incorporate multi-
specialty because when you look at oncology being focused factory. That is how we have grown 
from a very small enterprise in 2005-06 to this level because we always believe that focus factory 
approach is what drives the center of excellence, the quality outcome and that attracts real cancer 
patients to come to the center of excellence. On a multi-specialty, as you know, it's usually an 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
implant model where they do cardiac surgery to renal to oncology. The oncology itself rarely 
attract patients to come for oncology care where exceptions are there. Usually in a multi 
speciality patient goes with a symptom of abdominal pain, lump in the breast and ends up being 
cancer and gets the treatment then. But that issue is there for all the time. That is why we don't 
have like 120,000 patients driving through this. Through oncology is what we see there is no 
way multispecialty can drive that number of patients. So, we are very clear in our focus and that 
is how we have driven it. In future also categorically we are going to drive multi-specialty only 
and we feel there is enough, sorry single specialty only and we have enough need for it. Like if 
you look at HCG itself today, we have nearly 50 crores people can access but there is a lot of 
need for it to expand. We are not even in certain parts of India and also within where we are 
further expansion can happen there including in Tier 2 and we are one of the few which are in 
Tier 2, Tier 3 cities also in oncology which is not there in many specialties. We are very clear 
and we are very positive for the future growth of oncology specialty.  
Raj Gore: 
Just to add to what doctor said, Priyanka if you look at healthcare is usually characterized as 
demand supply gap sector in India and that demand supply gap when you talk about oncology 
is even higher. Now you look at what HCG has been able to achieve. We already have 22 cancer 
centers across 19 cities, 9 states that's scalability. The market has been growing over last few 
years with a CAGR of about 12%. We are growing about 15% CAGR. That's HCG’s brand pull, 
that's HCGs differentiated and specialized product. The fact that we've been able to achieve this 
with an oncology focused care model in big cities in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities with double digit 
revenue growth which is higher than market growth at (+20%) EBITDA in our mature centers 
with high teen ROCE, as higher EBITDA in our center of excellence more than 25%. It explains 
the scalability, viability and strength of HCG's unique model. I think the opportunity for growth 
is plenty out there for HCG. We are a market leader on many parameters and we will continue 
to be market leader and consolidate our position going forward.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishabh Parekh from Sunidhi Securities and Finance. 
Rishabh Parekh: 
My question was around the mature centers. Now that we are at 25% EBITDA margin and Rs. 
40,000 ARPOB, 65% occupancy, what is the growth we can expect from a mature center? What 
are the levers that we can use to drive growth?  
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
See the growth in the mature centers, certainly there is the spike because of these are all 
becoming centers of excellence or hubs where new technology will be put in, new areas of 
diagnosis, genomics and others will take place. Because of that new talent acquisitions will 
happen and look at for example putting in mature centers. There are a lot of mature centers don't 
have robotic surgery, may not have very high-end therapy and genomics. As we do this 
obviously the revenue impact will be higher and occupancy may increase up to 75%-80%. But 
more than occupancy the footfall will increase, and the radiation load will increase, the 
outpatient chemotherapy load will increase, our cost will increase. We are seeing like in our 
Bangalore center our ARPOB is 66,000. So, there is an opportunity for us to reach the 66,000. 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
So, we have to aim for the gold as they say. Because nowadays patients also look for high end 
oncology centers near them. I think the fact we are building a very big center in Ahmadabad 
itself is a credit to that that how opportunity exists for us to expand the existing centers as hubs 
and even we have even talked about expanding in Cuttack making it a center of excellence how 
it has grown. There are and of course Mumbai I think in the next few years will become a center 
with clinical talent acquisition and all happening. I think the mature centers I believe still have 
an opportunity for growth. Particularly what Raj talked about digital coming in, all of this will 
only enhance the footfall and definitely it can increase. We are very positive on the mature 
centers growth in the future.  
Rishabh Parekh: 
That's very helpful. Outlining the headroom that the mature centers have to grow. My second 
question is on ARPOB. Does the base quarter which is Q1 FY22 have the impact of any 
vaccination revenue which was not there in this quarter hence optically the ARPOB increase 
was only about 5%-6%? 
Raj Gore: 
No that's not the reason. In Q1 we did not have any vaccinations, vaccinations primarily started 
from Q2.  
Rishabh Parekh: 
Okay so Q1 FY22 did not have vaccinations. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Raj Gore for closing comments.  
Raj Gore: 
So, thank you everyone for joining the call. We will keep updating the investor community on a 
regular basis for incremental updates on HCG. I hope we've been able to address all your queries. 
For any further information kindly get in touch with us or Strategic Growth Advisors, our 
Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you once again. Stay safe.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
