N 
Keva 
August 17, 2022 
To 
To 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandta Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 539450 
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
Dear Sit/ Madam, 
Sub: 
Submission of transcript of conference call under Regulation 30 of Securities and 
Exchange 
Board 
of India 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requitements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we ate enclosing the transcript of Q1 & FY 23 Earnings conference call for investors and analysts 
organized by the Company on Friday, August 12, 2022 at 02:00 P.M. IST. The audio recording and 
transcript is also available on the website of the Company. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For 8 H Kelkar and Company Limited 
+ 
Rohit Saraogi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
S H Kelkar And Company Limited 
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai 
- 400 O80. 
Tel 
: +9122 2167 7777 
Regd. Office 
: Devkaran Mansion, 36, Mangaldas Road, Mumbai - 400 002. (INDIA) 
Phone 
: (022) 2206 96 09 & 2201 9130 / Fax 
: (022) 2208 12 04 
www.keva.co.in 
CIN No. L74999MH1955PLCO009593

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
S H Kelkar & Company Limited 
Q1 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the S H Kelkar and 
Company Limited Q1 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
today on S H Kelkar and Company Limited Q1 FY ‘23 earnings 
conference call. We have with us, Mr. Kedar Vaze, Whole-time 
Director and Group CEO and Mr. Rohit Saraogi, EVP and Group CFO 
of the company. 
 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management 
following which we'll have the forum open for a question-and-answer 
session. Before we start, I would like to point out that some 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and 
a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make his opening 
remarks. 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our Q1 
FY23 earnings call. We will discuss the operating and financial 
performance for the quarter and give some idea about how the 
business is doing. I hope you had all the opportunity to go through the 
results and we will get into the details of the operational and financial 
performance here in. 
 
We have reported a resilient performance during the quarter, despite 
a challenging macroeconomic due to the inflation pressures. While 
we saw some operating constraints during the period, our client 
engagements and wins across the market remain stable. 
 
I'm happy to share that we have successfully and efficiently integrated 
our recent acquisitions, namely Holland Aromatics and NuTaste Food 
into our business model during the quarter. Overall, on a consolidated 
basis, our total income stood at Rs. 415 crore, higher by 15.7% year-
on-year and on a like-to-like basis, our revenues excluding the 
acquisitions at constant currency grew by 7.5% year-on-year. 
 
Emerging market sales in the quarter stood at Rs. 319 crore 
registering an organic growth of 12% year-on-year. Acquired 
businesses delivery also remained robust led by improved demand 
and volume uptick in the European markets. On a like-to-like basis, 
our European core business grew by 8% year-on-year. 
 
During the quarter, we continue to witness cost pressures on account 
of inflation in raw materials. Despite these challenges, we have 
maintained our gross margins at 39%. This was made possible 
through a combination of price increases, inventory management, 
and somewhat flattening and easing of inflationary pressures in the 
market. 
 
Overall, our EBITDA stood in the quarter at Rs. 55.1 crore with 
margins at 13.4%. Cash profits in the quarter stood at Rs. 42.1 crore 
as against cash profit of Rs. 34.1 crore in Quarter 1 last year. The 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 3 of 26 
reported PAT figure includes exceptional gain of Rs. 1.22 crore on 
account of reprocessing of raw material damaged in the Mahad floods 
last year. This converted into finished goods and corresponding 
profits were taken in this quarter. 
 
The Q1 FY22 reported PAT also included a reversal of additional tax 
provision, aggregating to Rs. 64.5 crore consequent to a ITAT order 
in the company's favor. 
 
So, the adjusted for these one-offs,  Q1 FY23 PAT stood at Rs. 22.3 
crore against a PAT of Rs. 16.9 crore in Q1 FY’22. 
 
On a consolidated balance sheet perspective, our current net debt 
position stood at Rs. 469 crore as on June 30, 2022 against Rs. 509 
crore as on March 31, 2022. The decrease in debt was primarily on 
account of healthy cash flow generation during the quarter. In the next 
quarter, we would see some increase of debt on account of payment 
of the second tranche of Holland Aromatics, 19% stake, and the 
balance 30% acquisition of Nova Fragrances in Italy. From a medium-
term perspective, we remained focused on reducing our total debt 
levels from next quarter onwards, post the acquisitions of these two 
stakes of roughly INR 50 crore. 
 
On the business operations, I am pleased to share that our 
participation in the RFP by a large global MNC is going very well. In 
the quarter, we have signed the agreement with them making us one 
of the few global fragrance and flavor companies to be in their core 
list suppliers. This is a major milestone in our growth journey, and we 
remain optimistic on the significant multiyear business potential from 
this account. 
 
Currently, our team is already working on several briefs, and we 
expect business to build on this from this calendar here itself. 
 
To conclude as we look ahead from a demand standpoint, we are 
currently witnessing steady wins and inquiries across customers in 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 4 of 26 
our Emerging and European markets. There are concerns with regard 
to the macros, given the inflationary environment and accordingly we 
remain cautious. However, we have promising growth initiatives in 
place and from a longer-term perspective, we are confident that the 
industry growth levers, and our robust business model should enable 
us to grow and help report healthy performance. 
 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum 
for any questions or suggestions that you may have. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question comes from the line of Faisal Hawa from H. G. Hawa & 
Co. Please go ahead. 
 
Faisal Hawa: 
Development budget in one year and sir, what kind of efforts are we 
making to penetrate the, which are very amenable to our products 
and what is sales contributed by our top three products and our top 
three customers? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
Sir, we lost the question in between. You asked us about efforts to 
penetrate the market to product. I'm assuming this is in allied lines or 
similar to our product. So, we are obviously expanding our product 
portfolio to newer customers and newer opportunities. 
 
The second part of the question was in relation to the top three 
customers and products. Our top three customers and products 
contribute roughly about 10% of the overall revenue of the Company. 
So, it's a very diversified portfolio of products and customers. On the 
fragrance side, we are catering to more than 4,000 large or medium 
FMCG companies across the regions. Similarly on the flavour, we 
have more than 200 plus customers in the flavor portfolio. So, our 
concentration of customers is not very high. 
 
Faisal Hawa: 
What is your development budget and what kind of revenue do you 
expect new products to contribute to our sales in the next two to three 
financial years? 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think, one important part of the business is the business momentum. 
As we are coming out of the two pandemic years, a lot of the R&D 
was focused on pandemic specific products and launches and now 
the FMCG companies, with the inflation, are relooking at their strategy 
going forward in terms of new product launches. With that, we see 
that the new wins in the pipeline however they're strong, there will be 
some sort of gap between the time they're launched in the market. 
We do not know whether that is one quarter or two quarters, but we 
expect that the companies who have approved and the products are 
in the pipeline, will look at the overall market growth and dynamics 
before the products are launched. So, quantify that on a yearly basis 
may not be a very accurate number, but we have roughly Rs. 50 crore 
worth of annual potential products in the pipeline, which are approved 
at various stages, which is a good number and in line with our 
expectations for growth in the future. 
 
In addition, our targets on the global MNC account are in addition to 
this Rs. 50 crore. So, we are expecting good amount of conversion of 
projects in the next couple of quarters and then the growth 
momentum will resume. 
 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, assumption that we would be able to grow 15% CAGR in the next 
two to three years looking at the kind of approvals that we have and 
the product that we are going to put into the market. 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
No, we are talking about 12% CAGR on our existing business across 
the next two to three years. We are confident of that outlook. 
 
Moderator:  
Next question comes from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity 
International. Please go ahead. 
 
Madhav Marda: 
My question was that basically sir, if you could just talk us through 
this a global client RFP, which we've been speaking about, is it 
basically with one FMCG company or is it with like two to three 
companies with whom we are discussing for this RFP and basically 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 6 of 26 
what is the potential order size that we're looking to target? And when 
you're saying that the order book is going to build up, during CY ‘22, 
basically do the revenues also start this year, or it could be like next 
year? If you could give some sense that would be helpful. 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the RFP process has multiple parts. We have not even completed 
the entire tendering process. So, one part of the tendering process is 
still going on. On the other part of the tendering process is completed, 
we have been assigned certain projects. We anticipate these projects 
to start to actually see the sort of product testing in the consumer 
phase, starting in the second half calendar and then thereafter from 
first quarter calendar, last quarter this year, some revenues are 
expected from this RFP. We are very confident on the submissions 
and the work that we are undertaking for these projects. In addition, 
we have multiple other global MNC clients where our engagement 
levels have substantially increased in the last one year. So overall we 
remain confident to break into the global MNC accounts as we have 
been working with the regionals, in the same manner, we expect that 
the next phase of growth will come from the global accounts in the 
Asian region. And we continue to work with the small and medium 
accounts in the European and newer geographies. 
 
Madhav Marda: 
And when you say that we have got engagement with these clients 
are scaling up in the last one year and also, I think we've been trying 
to break into these large MNC accounts for some years, but now we 
are seeing good traction. Is there something which is changing on the 
macro side, which is helping us get better sort of foot in the door with 
these customers? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so, like you mentioned for the last past decade, we have always 
been knocking on the doors and it was at finalization stage or at 
various stages, but never converted into a final brief and product 
development engagement. I think a number of factors are contributing 
to this as we go forward. Asia is becoming important market of growth 
for the global FMCG market. The shift of the kind of epicenter of 
growth from China into Southeast Asia and MENA regions. So that is 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 7 of 26 
expected that the larger part of the FMCG growth will be in the 
markets where we are traditionally present and where we have good 
presence and understanding. 
 
The second impact of the pandemic has been disruptions in supply 
chain. So, there is a heightened move by most global companies to 
have more regional or more local sourcing. To that extent, we offer a 
very good alternative regional supplier to the global MNCs. So, I think 
these are the two trends which are helping, which has enabled that 
now we finally are in the operating side of the product development. 
 
Madhav Marda: 
And sir, this business that we are talking about, that supplies for Asia 
market only like you said MNC client, but supplies for their Asia 
business or the? 
  
Kedar Vaze: 
So the business tender and what work we are doing is on the global 
basis. Obviously, there are different brands which have different sales 
in different countries. So, within the entire 1 billion, we are seeing little 
bit more focus on the Asia brands, so brands which are larger in the 
Asian countries are where our engagement has begun, but the brief 
is open for global. So, we will engage as things progress to other 
regions as well. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Chirag Maroo from Keynote 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Maroo: 
Sir, earlier we used to give a geographical bifurcation of revenue from 
Fragrances and Flavours separately. Could you please help me out 
with that number? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Just to update, we used to give domestic and export Fragrance and 
Flavours as our geographies. With the acquisitions in Europe, we are 
now moving into because there is some business cross production. 
We are looking at the sort of three geographies, Emerging Markets, 
Europe, and Rest of the World in term of the revenue and we have 
the similar bifurcation for the Flavour as well. So the revenue, there 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 8 of 26 
is, you want the exact number. For Q1 FY23, the revenue for 
fragrances 
in 
India 
is 
Rs. 
196 
crore, 
Europe 
is  
Rs. 103 crore and rest of the world is Rs. 59 crore. And on the 
Flavour, the revenue is Rs. 34 crore for India and rest of the world is 
Rs. 19 crore.  
 
Chirag Maroo: 
Sir, my next question is what kind of stable margins can we expect in 
Fragrance and Flavour business? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think we are today at EBITDA level of 13.5% ballpark. We anticipate 
that we will keep this and going forward, there may be slight 
improvement as growth kicks in. I am sort of optimistic that we have 
moved beyond the worst phase in the inflation of raw material. So, 
the raw material prices should start to stabilize that will help us 
somewhat reduce our inventory and further improve the PAT levels. 
 
In addition, just one sort of black Swan event in scenario, if there is 
raw material price crash, it might have impact on few of our ingredient 
sales in terms of the realized revenue, but in terms of the profit margin 
that will remain intact. 
 
Chirag Maroo: 
My last question is that the kind of the growth that you had said that 
around 12% that you would be able to grow for next couple of years. 
Is it based on constant currency or is it based on something else? 
  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, it's based on constant currency.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ganesh Shetty, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Sir, I just want to have some clarity on our debt that last quarter to 
last quarter, we had increased the number of debt and now this 
quarter, we had reasonably paid off some amount of debt and going 
forward, are we going to show accretion and try to deleverage your 
balance sheet, any thought on this? Can you please share it with us 
sir? 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 9 of 26 
  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have ballpark 
after currency conversion the exact number, but about Rs. 50 crore 
of payments towards the balance acquisition of Holland Aromatics 
and Nova, which is scheduled for this quarter which is the second 
tranche of the acquisition. So that Rs. 50 crore outlay is our outlay for 
this quarter. Apart from that, we have no major large capex or any 
other large ticket expenses. So, we are anticipating that we will 
progressively bring down the debt from current levels by end of the 
year to ballpark number Rs. 400 crore. So, this is the target and the 
next three quarters, we will look to reduce the debt, use the operating 
cash flows to continually reduce the debt. 
 
Ganesh Shetty: 
As far as the macroeconomic challenges are concerned, last two 
quarters have been very tough for us. There was logistics pressure 
and there was raw material pressure and are you facing any type of 
attrition related problems in our industry or is there some normalcy as 
far as logistics is concerned? Can you please throw some light on 
this? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the question was not very clear. I will answer. If I have missed 
the point, please re-question. In terms of supply chain, I think we have 
had a pretty standard situation after the first lockdown in 2019, we 
were able to make all our factories COVID ready and continue our 
operations uninterrupted throughout this period. Many of our products 
go to essential commodities like soap, detergent and others. So, we 
were requested to be continuing production throughout this period. 
As far as supply chain, there is no specific disruption on the horizon 
at the moment. We see that the supplies from China last quarter were 
a bit affected, but now as we speak, things are coming on stream, 
and we are seeing material availability starting to come in. 
 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Related to that, I had asked one more question regarding attrition and 
employee cost. Is there any pressure from that end as everywhere 
this problem is present.  
 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 10 of 26 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are managing to control our employee cost within a band of 
acceptable levels. Two years ago, or three years ago, we did reduce 
our R&D expenditure and now correspondingly employee cost came 
down to some extent. At this point, we are in control of the overall 
scenario and there is no specific program or specific plan except to 
continue steady state putting down the debt. As our engagement with 
the global MNCs increases, there may be some one-off costs on 
development and engagement with them, which we are confident will 
result in business revenue over the next three, four years and offset 
the additional cost. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
Sir, from this global FRP, what sort of revenues we can expect in FY 
‘24 and FY’25? Any ballpark idea, you can give? 
  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, as we've talked to earlier, the entire RFP is about $1 billion to be 
issued out within sort of two to three years. Realistically, we expect 
that roughly 10% of that is something where we will be participating 
in the entirety and out of that $100 million odd is the total potential. 
There will be two, three other companies and existing suppliers. So, 
that's the sort of maximum potential is $100 million over three years. 
And we expect to get our share through that $100 million anywhere 
between 20% to 30% of that share is good ballpark target if we do 
reasonably well. If we are taking more than 30% share, it's possible, 
but we are participating for the first time. I want to be cautious, and I 
think 20% of the share is something, which we will target in our first 
RFP. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
Sir in our European businesses, what percentage of revenue should 
be from essential product category? Very rough idea will be fine. 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, in the European business, I do not have that specific number. It 
would be in excess of 65%. I don't have exact number. More than two 
third of our business is going in home care, detergent and functional 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 11 of 26 
product. The balance, I mean, it's in various products. So, it's difficult 
to quantify essential or unessential, but in terms of cleaning, home 
care, detergent, fabric, these categories are two third of our business 
in Europe. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
So, demand wise sir, we are expecting stable scenario in the next 
couple of quarters? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, our business in Europe is not very much dependent on it. 
So, it's not very dependent on Fine Fragrances or discretionary 
spend. We have various trends. So, within the business, we have 
certain large brand business and certain private label, or local brand 
business and we see that during the time of fast work, the large brand 
business grows faster and during the time of recession, the mid or 
private label business goes faster. 
 
Having said that, we have the additional impact of inflation in Europe, 
particularly in Italy because there is a very big sentiment on the 
Russian gas cost and whether it'll be available and this uncertainty is 
reducing the consumer spending to some extent, while Northern 
Europe, Netherlands side, we see less impact of this phenomenon. 
In Italy, whereas clearly, it's an important factor. We don't really have 
too much past experience to judge how much it'll affect us, but 
principally, we don't see any of our businesses being kind of stopping 
completely or starting with a big boom because of external. They're 
all essential commodities and the growth rates maybe little less or 
more based on the macroeconomic and inflation and uncertainty of 
consumer spending. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
And one last question, on the raw material basket, are we already 
witnessing reduction in the prices or it is still at the elevated level? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, they are not, I would say at the full basket level, we are not seeing 
reduction as of now. We are seeing some stabilization. So, there was 
additional expectation of further inflation due to the Ukraine situation 
that is not happening at the moment. We see the same elevated 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 12 of 26 
prices, but no further aggravation of that. Small impact of the 
currency, which may come in in the later parts. Right now, we are 
hedged, and we have the raw material stocks, but if there is a very 
big movement on the currencies, like in U.S. Dollar-Rupee, Euro-U.S. 
Dollar, there may be a small impact on the costs. But as of now, we 
see that the overall impact of inflation in our basket this quarter versus 
last quarter and the expected second quarter, it is flat. The first 
quarter, we are not seeing additional inflation. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Payal Lad from Progressive 
Shares. Please go ahead. 
 
Payal Lad: 
I need a few clarifications from the annual report, if you could just 
highlight on the same. Firstly, there has been a mention in the AR 
that you are trying to focus more on the QSR space via the NuTaste 
acquisition. So how is the demand and how big is the opportunity size 
that the company is eyeing at? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
The QSR business is basically the opportunity size is very large. It's 
about Rs. 2,000 crore of Flavour and the Savory products going to 
QSR. With this NuTaste Food acquisition, we are now starting to 
target part of that, especially the syrup, sausage, seasoning kind of 
product. We have doubled almost the revenue in this vis-a-vis the last 
couple of years of this acquisition. Although last year was a pandemic 
affected year or the last two years are not exactly the underlying base. 
There is a very large future demand. So, the expected market size for 
this QSR product ranges, ballpark estimate, to be Rs. 2,000 crore 
across the country. We are taking a certain small niche size of that. 
So, we are looking at Rs. 200 crore growth potential market right 
away for us to grow from the base of Rs. 12 crore and we continue to 
grow that part. 
 
Payal Lad: 
And how is the traction seen in the Ayush business? Like how is it 
favoring SHK? 
 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 13 of 26 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, as I mentioned, I think the Ayush business has two parts. One is 
combination sales with Fragrances. So ayurvedic extracts going 
together with our Fragrance offering. So that has seen good traction. 
We have some very nice products launched in the last six months, 
which have both Fragrance as well as Active Ingredients from the 
company. So, this is a good synergy, but the ayurvedic extract part of 
the business itself in term of value remains small because they're 
added in very small quantity. They're not the major product. So, the 
volume of that is very small, but it is helping us to crack and develop 
new innovative solutions for our client. 
 
Payal Lad:  
There was a mention like two quarters as well, like Q1 ‘21 PAT had 
seen a reversal of additional tax provision pertaining to previous 
assessment years and also reversal and disposal of assets. So, are 
these provision and reversals a thing of the past or anything is left to 
be undertaken yet? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
No, these are actually the reversals, and these all were one-offs. 
There is nothing left to be taken. We had the capital work in progress, 
particularly on the research and unfortunately in the two pandemic 
years, a lot of the projects got delayed. So as a result, we have written 
it off and we are now expensing all our development costs rather than 
taking to the CWIP. So, it doesn't really change anything going 
forward. 
 
Payal Lad:  
One last question, you have been mentioning about undertaking 
calibrated price hikes. So just like to understand, like what exactly is 
the structure or the policy at the company level? Like how does it 
happen? The frequency of the same? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
So normally, frequency of our price hikes would've been sort of 12 
months annually discussion with the client. The extreme inflation 
scenario we have seen in the last 12 months, we've had to do two 
times engagement with the client on the price increase. And we 
expect as a normal practice and annual discussion on setting, 
resetting the prices, but this time around, we've done two times in the 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 14 of 26 
last 12 months. And with the prices stabilizing, I think hopefully we 
get a good 12 to 18 months of stable pricing. 
 
Moderator:  
Next question comes from the line of Rajesh Jain from NB 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
I had two questions. The first is regarding the RFP of the global MNC 
and you had mentioned around $100 million over a period of three 
years. So, it is not annual. It is over a period of three years. Is that 
understanding is correct? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, it is the annual potential of the business, but it'll not be all issued 
out at one go. So the potential annual business is $100 million. So, 
$300 million worth of business will be tender. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
So now you also mentioned that you are expecting minimum 20% of 
that business. Based on the way, the speed at which they're 
processing and all that, can we expect some sales in the current year 
or will it go to the next financial year? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
I think it's a question of timing. It's difficult to ascertain exact time, but 
we are confident of some additional business coming by quarter four 
this financial, at least second half of this year. And next couple of 
years that business will continue to ramp up as projects get 
completed. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
So you mean to say maybe by FY ’24, we may get around whatever 
the share of business we get, we will be able to do that in the fully 
financial year? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
Yes. So, this $100 million odd business will be split into projects. 
Wherever we win, we will start to supply for three to four years horizon 
on that product. So, it'll keep adding and as this first cycle completes, 
the next cycle of product development and tenders will start. So it's a 
continuous, it's not that one happens and it stops at some point. Now 
we are on this, the next three years, there will be product 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 15 of 26 
development happening and parallelly sales will follow with a lag of 
say 6 to 9 months to 12 months. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
Sir, once you get an opportunity to develop a product, does it mean 
that you will also get an opportunity to supply also? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
Yes. So, the steps are the selection, I would say white listed or 
approved vendors. So, we are now qualified vendor. Now between 
the qualified vendors, would say tender or bidding, competition or 
design competition for the various brands at the sub level within the 
tender. So that work has now started, and we expect roughly potential 
annual $100 million is the kitty of projects that we will undertake and 
20% of that is our good starting point. We are in this for the first time. 
So, we are hopeful to look at 20% win ratio or win rate as a good 
target. And, yes, then this process will continue. I mean, it's not that 
there is an end to this process in one year or two years. We have 
entered this process will run for next two to three years. Ideally, by 
the time this first wave and these tenders start to complete, we will 
have three years of supply time. And by that time, the next wave will 
start. So, there will be an overlap and it should not be like, it'll not end 
at some point. We expect to be in this on a continuous basis. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
So you mean to say after two years, let us say you win 20% of this 
$100 million and if any new products or new tender also you win, that 
would be in addition to this 20% of what we have won now, that's what 
you are saying. Correct? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
So let's assume we have won Rs. 50 crore business. This Rs. 50 
crore business will remain for the next three years. That's the project 
cycle. And other projects we will keep working. So this Rs. 50 crore 
is in the supply and there will be another Rs. 50 crore, which happens 
in the new development. So not everything will start on the same day 
and end on the same day. So, there will be an overlap. In the two 
years period, we will have our maximum on this RFP. By the end of 
the third year, the RFP of the first year would've completed and the 
new tender will start to come in. So, I don't expect this to be ending 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 16 of 26 
like a sharp end. It'll progressively go up and then there will be a 
steady state where we are working on new projects and then the win 
ratios will determine if our business continues to grow and what pace 
it grows? So, on a starting base of very small, we expect it to grow to 
a steady state and expected to be around $20 million. 
  
Rajesh Jain:  
Okay. But I think you had mentioned this would be very low margin 
business. Is that understanding is correct? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
So typically, in terms of the volume and gross margin, so even in our 
current business, we have the larger clients that are at a lower gross 
margin level, but the operating cost per kilo for the manufacturing are 
also proportionately lower. So, the net margin level is not very 
different between the small clients and the big clients. And in this 
case, depending on the product, we expect that the gross margin will 
be on the lower side, but our net operating cost per kilo also will be 
much lower than our current size and scale of operation, which will 
enable us to maintain the net margin. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
Okay. But this winning of any orders from this MNC will open a gate 
for the opportunity with other big MNCs. Is that understanding is 
correct? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
Absolutely. Right. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
But tell me, we have been acquiring lot of European F&F companies. 
Is that not sufficient to go and approach the other global MNCs for 
us? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
So yes, it is part of the strategy. Now there are so many factors. It's 
not just one factor that you have European presence or not present. 
So, there are so many factors in their decision making, but certainly 
the acquisitions in Europe and having the presence and development 
centers on different parts of the globe has helped us take this 
additional global MMC contract. 
 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 17 of 26 
Rajesh Jain:  
Okay. So, my second question is regarding the margins. If you see 
Q1 margins have been lower than the Q4 of the last financial year. 
So, my first question is you said there is no increase in the raw 
material prices. So then why is the EBITDA margins are down in Q1 
of this financial year compared to last quarter of last financial year? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
So, I am referring to additional increase in this quarter versus last 
quarter because we have almost two and two and a half, three 
months of stock. Our price increase impact in the accounts happens 
in the quarter next quarter. So, price increases happened in the first 
quarter calendar and second half of last year. The full impact of that 
is seen in the first quarter of this year. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
Okay. But now that there is no more further increase in inflation and 
by the end of this Quarter 1, you would've exhausted the earlier high 
priced inventory. What I want to know is have we passed on all the 
increase in cost of raw materials or the freight cost or whatever 
increases were there, are we in a position to pass on all that to our 
customers? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
So I think we have passed on a reasonable amount. We are not in a 
position to pass on the entire amount. That's why our gross margins 
from 43%, 44% are now at 39%, 40%. We are not in a position to 
pass on entire cost increases to our clients in a short time. We 
anticipate as growth kicks in, I mean, at some point in the few years 
down the line mid-term basis, we will slowly be able to improve our 
margins. But, at the moment, I think the 39%-40% margin is the level 
at which we will continue to operate. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
Okay. Assuming that there will be no increase in the raw material 
prices, we had done in FY ‘21 around 45% of gross margin. To reach 
that level, how many more years we do require? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
It's a very difficult question given the uncertainties. I think the question 
really is question of what is the growth strategy and what is the margin 
strategy? So, we are focusing on growth at this kind of gross margin 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 18 of 26 
level. We could move the needle and say, okay, if we are looking at 
more global MNC business and the gross margin will be lower, the 
growth rate will be higher, net margin level, PAT percentage level, 
things will even out. And at some point, we may have to take the 
strategy to say, okay, we are kind of looking at slower growth, but we 
need to increase gross margin in the product mix. So, this is always 
kind of a balancing act. So, we are sort of looking at now 40% gross 
margin, 12% CAGR growth as our baseline. If there are challenges 
on growth because of macro or other things, then we will relook at 
this, but right now, we are talking about this trend line. If, for example, 
prices start to soften, maybe it can happen in one year that our margin 
instead. If you go back in force majeure scenario 2018, ’19, and 
couple of years, we were able to jump back to 44%. So, it’s all market 
dynamic, supply chain, supply demand and inflation rate and growth 
rate. But our objective will be to restore back to 44%, 45%. We see 
that as a long-term target for our gross margin expectation. 
 
Rajesh Jain:  
Okay, sir, my last question is we have done a lot of acquisitions, both 
in India, as well as Europe, but in one of the AGM, you had 
mentioned, if we want to achieve our vision of reaching $1 billion of 
sales, we need to have presence in America, which has a bigger 
market for F&F. Keeping that in mind, just wanted to know do you 
have any companies or anything in mind to acquire it in USA? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
Like I mentioned, we are not actively looking at any specific 
acquisition. You mentioned America, yes, that's 30% plus of the 
global market is in one country and it's important. We will need to look 
at managing our debt level and the kind of stabilizing the current 
business before we do any larger or next step acquisition. So as a 
springboard to the American business, we need to stabilize our 
European business, to strengthen it further, and then we will go from 
Europe to America in stage two. So with this global MNC project, we 
may have some activity in America linked to their projects. So we are 
observing or looking at that, but there is no immediate plan of any big 
investment in America. 
 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 19 of 26 
Rajesh Jain:  
Okay. But if we want to achieve our vision, is it necessary that we 
have to have our presence in America? 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
I think the long and short answer of that is yes, because in relation to 
the global business, the America, North America particularly is almost 
30% of the global business. So, it is important that we at least have a 
presence in two out of the three big markets, China, Europe, and 
America. Europe, we are already working, the growth in Southeast 
Asia, in South Asia and Africa, but on a short term in the next 10 
years, to really take aggressive growth, we'll need to have a presence 
in the U.S as well. 
 
Moderator:  
Next question comes from the line of Pavas Pethia from Enam AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Pavas Pethia: 
Just wanted to understand this 12% CAGR target, does that include 
this RFP wins or that is separate? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, in a way, there is an overlap. I don't think that 12% CAGR is based 
on the RFP. It is an organic target for us in total. However, with this 
RFP, we are also utilizing some of our development and sales 
resources in this target. So, we see that, but in a steady state 
scenario, our 12% ambition is without the global RFP. So, the global 
RFP should be in addition. For the first, I would say two, three 
quarters, four quarters, we will have to make double use of the 
development resource and yes. So, 12% CAGR is not with calculating 
the RFP into the account on a longer term. 
 
Pavas Pethia: 
But how much sales will be overlapped initially in 2024 first year? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
It's not so much the sales, it's the opportunity. So, we may have to 
not do some projects in the current customer base. We may have to 
be a little bit selective on the projects and adjust our approach with 
the global RFP for a year, or I would next 18 months. So, I mean if I 
have to put a number maybe for one year, we will be 9% in our current 
business and 3% in RFP and the year after that, it will be 12% and 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 20 of 26 
additional top up one 1%-2% from the RFP. So, something like this, I 
mean, it's very difficult to quantify. Our objective is to make sure we 
put the full resources on this RFP opportunity, which is a big 
opportunity for us. 
 
Rohit Saraogi: 
And it is about the effort and return metrics, which we have to follow 
and at some point in time, we have to cut the tail to achieve a larger 
objective. 
 
Pavas Pethia: 
And you also said that margins will be similar. So on a gross margin, 
it will be lower, but on an operating margin, it will be 14%-odd or 15%-
odd of the RFP margins.  
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. There is no impacted operating level with the large business or 
large products or the small products. The gross margin level, it's a 
product mix scenario. 
 
Pavas Pethia: 
Okay. And how this RFP works after three years though, initials sales 
kind of die down and you have to bid again, or is it that continues? 
 
Rohit Saraogi:  
No, after three years typically, there is a second bidding process. 
 
Pavas Pethia: 
But does that mean that your chances of winning the next bid is higher 
because you've already supplied or is it a fresh process, different 
product? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. I mean, obviously our chances, if we are doing well in this RFP, 
the chances are better. That's clear. 
 
Rohit Saraogi: 
Because today we are acting as a challenger. If you work for three 
years, then we will be one of the key suppliers and we won't be a 
challenger anymore. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sachin Kasera from 
Svan Investments, please go ahead. 
 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 21 of 26 
Sachin Kasera:  
Sir in gross margin, you mentioned that it is going up from 44% to 
39% and you have also mentioned towards the previous queries that 
because of this sharp increase in raw material, you cannot go 
frequently to the customers and ask for a price hike. And now that the 
price has stabilized, so I'm a little confused, but you also mentioned 
that we may not be able to grow margin significantly in the short term. 
Si it's a little confusing because if you are seeing the raw material 
price stabilized and we should be able to get a price hike, and at the 
same point of time, you're saying in the short term, the margins will 
not improve, but the long term especially remains pertinent, so it’s a 
little confusing. 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
The price hikes have happened in the past. We won't be able to get 
additional price hikes as the raw material prices remaining stable and 
our selling price is remaining stable, our margins will remain stable. 
There is no further impact of additional inflation or additional pricing. 
So, it'll be steady state. Going forward next quarter, we don't 
anticipate any price increase and we don't anticipate any raw material 
increase either. Now if the raw materials start to fall, at that time we 
will be able to negotiate with the clients accordingly. 
 
Rohit Saraogi: 
And the way we have managed 39%-40% gross margin is through 
our prudent inventory policy. That has also helped us. Now in times, 
when we see that the prices are stabilizing or it is going to soften, we 
will play it accordingly and that will further help us. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
No, but sir, I’m not able to understand in the business model. Just 
want to understand the way it works is that in the short term, the price 
fluctuations are absorbed by the supplier and eventually over a few 
quarters, once the raw material price stabilize, the gross margin go 
back to the previous level. I'm still not able to reconcile, is it that our 
customers are asking us to take up 4% price hike on a structural basis 
to remain in the business with them. 
  
Kedar Vaze: 
No. Just understand the dynamics of this, we have had a 25% 
ballpark cost increase. We are not in a position to pass on anything 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 22 of 26 
like 25% on our product mix within three to six months period. So, we 
have taken a hit of roughly 10% on the gross margin side at our end. 
Right now, the costs are where they are, selling prices are where they 
are, so effective gross margin of around 40% will be the paradigm for 
the next two quarters. We have the material stock and the sales 
contracts and prices accordingly. Now if the raw material prices were 
to further increase, we will obviously be forced to give additional price 
increases to our clients, which we will do, but if the prices were to 
soften, then we will again look at re-adjusting the prices if there is a 
big change. So, we are now in a stable state at 40%. Unless there is 
a huge sort of growth spot and big dynamic change in the market, we 
anticipate 40% to be the new norm for the next six to nine months. 
It's anybody's guess, but if let's say there was a big recession and big 
challenge on the growth and the raw material prices fell, maybe the 
margins are better, the growth challenges will be there. So right now, 
40% margin, 12% growth is what we see. If the growth is remaining 
like this, we don't see how the cost prices will dramatically change. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. Well, understood, sir. But then can you then explain, how do 
we reach back because you said the long term goal remains 44%. 
So, while you're explaining very well that in the next six to nine 
months, why you should remain at 40%, but then how things will 
change, which take us to 44% over next three to four years, which is 
like a long term aspiration of the company? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so I think there is obviously steps on the backward integration 
on our costs, which we will keep taking and improving. So, there is 
ballpark 0.5% to 1% of raw material price improvements, which we 
do with our research on the chemical or raw material side or vendor 
development side. All those things are not seen because of this major 
inflation at this point. And when the inflation stops, those initiatives 
will start to help us drive better margins. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
So fair to assume that we should see some improvements say in 
financial year ‘24 and major improvement in FY ’25 in this long-term 
journey? 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think as we speak now, yes. There are some other new factors which 
happened during the next,  I want to caution that the uncertainty in all 
the forecasts are now very high, but if there is no additional big 
disruption, global disruption, then in two years’ time, things will 
stabilize, our margins will slightly get better and that will be,  I think 
again, it's a product mix scenario. If our global MNC, if RFP becomes 
a bigger part of our business and our overall gross margin while they 
are lower, our operating margin will improve. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Yes. So that was my next question. So with all these initiatives from 
a little long term, say FY’25-FY’26 perspective, as in, we also win this 
global tender, which we are very hopeful of, then how should we look 
at the EBITDA margin because see, our has been 18% to 20%, on 
the lower end, we are between 12%-13%, is it that in 3-4 years with 
all the initiatives you're talking on the gross margin, as well as new 
tender and the growth and operating leverage, can you to aspire to 
become a centering point margin or that was like a one-off and 
sustainable number in the, like even from a 5-year perspective, more 
like 15%. What is your take on that? 
 
Rohit Saraogi: 
Yes. So you have basically answered the question in the question 
itself. I think on the lowest end, we are at the 14% EBITDA level, 
which is right now, and I think that's the lower end of the range. We 
aspire to be a 20% EBITDA business. We've done 18%, we’ve done 
16, we had quarters we had done 13.5%. So the -- I think the average 
range now with the new inflation existed basis is more or less 16.5%. 
If inflation were to kind of convert into deflation, maybe that can go 
up, but we kind of, I would say 18% median is now 16.5% median in 
terms of the EBITDA percentage. And, as we go, our margin 
stabilizes, improves, our EBITDA percentage should reach that kind 
of level. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Yes. I'm saying, in the call, you mentioned that you expect the net 
debt to be Rs. 400 crore by end of March FY ‘23, is that correct? 
 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 24 of 26 
Kedar Vaze: 
So basically, net debt in this quarter will go up because of the Rs. 50 
crore second tranche. So, it's not that in September end quarter, the 
debt will come down. I'm talking about Rs. 400 crore directionally. I 
think, we also need to be mindful of what is the raw material situation. 
So, I expect somewhat cooling off of the raw material and reaching 
the Rs. 400 crore target. Raw material prices remain where they are, 
maybe we reach Rs. 425 crore at the end of March. 
 
Now, these are the operating level numbers. Depending on interim 
dividend or any other payouts. So I expect to be between Rs. 400 
crore and Rs. 425 crore by end of March as of the cash flow from the 
business. There will be some interim dividend, or if we don't do any 
interim dividend, what are the cash outflow to the shareholders are 
not factored in this at this point. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And so just one last question on capital allocation. So, we did one 
round of buyback and we are very confident of growth in margin 
coming back. So do you think that you aspire to do maybe another 
buyback at this time from the European market because since then, 
there's been further PAT correction, whereas our overall outlook at 
growth expressions have changed. So once in the next 2-3 quarters, 
the debt comes on further, we will seriously evaluate looking at our 
buyback, because current valuations are very, very low. 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So we are looking at buyback and dividend as two methods for cash 
distribution or profit distribution to the shareholders. We have a policy 
of 30%-40% of PAT to be distributed to the shareholders. We'll follow 
that consistently. The modality of whether we do buyback or dividend 
depends on the situation at that time. And we will consider various 
options. At the moment, there is no cash distribution or profit 
distribution to the shareholders in the plan for the next 2-3 quarters. 
We are focused on operations, getting the growth and reducing the 
debt. And once that happens, we will evaluate the best form of 
distribution of profit to the shareholders at that relevant time taking 
into account the conditions at that time. 
 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 25 of 26 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And just lastly again on this debt thing, so what level of absolute 
debt or debt to EBITDA or net debt to equity, is where we may again 
start to evaluate, or, if any good acquisition comes, we look very 
seriously. I think right now, the priority is to bring the debt down, but 
is it like some number, like say Rs. 400 crore or Rs. 300 crore or 3 
times debt to EBITDA, what level even we may again start to look 
good acquisition opportunities? 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
See the acquisition and strategic discussions are not timed, right? It 
happens. There can be a very big market dynamic, some merger, 
some fallout, some distress sale by somebody, lot of things can 
happen. So, I don't want to speculate on that in the future. As of now, 
we are not in any active proposal to acquire or invest additional 
money. Our focus this year is on running what we have and bringing 
the debt down. I mean, we don't have any specific level above which 
we will start again, active acquisition process in mind. We will 
continue to evaluate any opportunities if they come, but we are not 
actively seeking. So, if some opportunity were to come and it makes 
real sense. We could look at it, but as of now. I think the expectations 
in valuations and the debt level where we are, I don't see any deals 
happening. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, we have reached the 
end of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all of your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like 
to know more about the company, please feel free to contact us or 
our team of CDR India. Thank you once again for joining us on this 
call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of S H Kelkar and Company Limited, this 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 

 Q1 FY23 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 26 of 26 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
