VIJAYA 
° 
_/ 
| DIAGNOSTIC 
fwisava] | CENTRE 
 
August 17, 2022 
To, 
To, 
Listing Department 
The Corporate Relations Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
25" Floor, Dalal Street 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Company Code No. VIJAYA 
Company Code No. 543350 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings conference call organized on August 10, 2022. 
We are enclosing herewith the ‘Transcript’ of Earnings Conference Call organized on August 10, 2022 
post declaration of un-audited financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
Please take the information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
Khor? 
Anusha Kanumuru 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
  
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited (Formerly known as Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Pvt. Ltd.), 
3-6-16 & 17, Street # 19, Himayath Nagar, Hyderabad-29, Telangana 
© 040-2342 0422 to 27 
| & info@vijayadiagnostic.com 
| www.vijayadiagnostic.com 
CIN No. L85195TG2002PLC039075 
The Pioneers in Diagnostic Medicare... 
 

VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisaya] | CENTRE 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited (VDCL) 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2022 
  
Moderator 
Devrishi Singh: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the earnings conference call of 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to Vijaya Diagnostic Centre’s 
Q1 FY'23 earnings conference call. We have with 
us, Ms. Suprita Reddy, Chief 
Executive Officer; Mr. Sunil Chandra, Executive Director; Mr. Narasimha Raju, Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Siva Rama Raju, Head - Strategy of the Company. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. Before we start, 
| would 
like to point out that some 
statements made in today's call, maybe forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included 
in the earnings presentation shared with you 
earlier. 
| would now like to invite Ms. Suprita Reddy to make her opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of the management team of Vijaya Diagnostic 
Centre Limited, 
| welcome you all this call. 
| would like to share key highlights for the period, following which Mr. Narasimha 
Raju will take you through the operational and the financial highlights of the 
quarter-ended 30" June 2022. 
| am pleased to share that the Company commenced the new fiscal on a positive 
note. With 
a significant decline in the Omicron variant, we witnessed 
a healthy 
recovery in-demand from customers for the stable non-COVID business. A notable 
month-on-month improvement across some of our other key business parameters 
was witnessed during the Q1 FY'23. Additionally, the Company was able to enhance 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 1 of 17

VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
its network and make considerable progress on 
its calibrated expansion plans 
during this period. 
Our Wellness business, which was impacted during the pandemic period registered 
a positive uptick during the Q1 FY'23. The Wellness share which used to be around 
10% during the pre-pandemic phase, stood close to an average of only around 6% 
during the pandemic period for around 
2 years. So, during the Q1 FY’23, the 
Wellness segment managed to reach its pre-COVID level by contributing 9.6% to 
our revenues. Going ahead, we anticipate our Wellness business 
to continue 
gaining traction. 
| am also happy to share that Vijaya achieved a significant milestone of opening its 
100" center by adding five new facilities during Q1 FY'23. Our new 10,000 square 
feet state-of-the-art hub at Rajahmundry is scheduled to be inaugurated tomorrow. 
This facility which is well equipped with advanced radiology equipment would offer 
a wide range of integrated diagnostic services to our customers across this region 
of Godavari. 
Additionally, we remain excited for upcoming Punjagutta center. This would be the 
first diagnostic center in South India, to have advanced radiology modalities. To 
name a few like a 204 Channel MRI, and a Dual-source Cardiac CT. Also, the facility 
will be well equipped with other advanced radiology equipment's like a PET-CT and 
a gamma camera. Following the commissioning of this facility, we would like to 
invite you 
all to visit and have 
a firsthand visual experience of this world-class 
facility, which we believe would certainly be one of the best in the country. Overall, 
Vijaya's expansion plan remains well on track, and it remains confident to achieve 
its target to open over 15 centers in FY'23. 
Over the last few months, there have been 
a lot of discussions on the increasing 
competitive intensity in the diagnostic industry. With regards to this, 
| would like to 
state that we at Vijaya are confident about our inherent strengths, and we do not 
see any major long-term impact on the growth of our well-established business. We 
believe that the new entrants would in fact largely take share from the unorganized 
diagnostic players, whose customers could be price sensitive. The aggressive pricing 
strategy adopted by some of these new entrants could have some impact over the 
short-term; however, we don't expect this strategy to work in the long-term. 
| would also like to add that Vijaya's integrated business provides a significant edge 
over the competition, as its labs become a one-stop shop for patients looking for a 
wide 
array 
of testing 
comprising 
of 
both 
radiology 
and 
pathology 
testing. 
Additionally, Vijaya 
is able to differentiate itself from competition by having 
a 
favorable revenue mix skewed towards high margin radiology and B2C business. In 
fact, during the year of FY'23, quarter 1, the Company managed to derive 95% of its 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 17

Narasimha Raju: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
revenues from B2C business, which unlike B2B business is not only margin accretive, 
but it is also relatively less price sensitive and has a high-brand recall virtue. 
Having said that, we are closely monitoring the on-ground industry trends and 
aspire to swiftly take necessary initiatives towards the evolving market dynamics, 
going ahead. We are confident that the trust which Vijaya Diagnostics has been able 
to build with its customers over the last 40 years and the inherent strengths of 
Vijaya, makes it well-placed to manage uncertainties and register positive growth. 
To conclude, 
| am confident that the internal and the external factors bode well for 
VDCL’s growth. Today, there are multiple tailwinds which we believe would enable 
the Indian diagnostic industry to maintain 
a steady and consistent growth. The 
Company's growth plan remains well intact as it aspires to expand its potential in 
tier-2 and tier-3 
cities of its core 
as well 
as adjacent geographies, which are 
untapped. This coupled with our strong balance sheet and continued free cash flow 
generation would also continue to support our business. We therefore remain 
confident that our strategic initiatives will enable us to provide high quality growth 
and strengthen our leadership position, going ahead. 
With this, 
| would now like to hand over to Mr. Narasimha Raju, our CFO who will 
take us to the operational and the financial highlights for the quarter-ended 30° 
June '22. And thank you all. 
Good afternoon and warm welcome to everyone joining us on the call today. 
| will 
briefly take you through the Company's operating and financial performance for 
the quarter ended 30°" June 2022. 
As briefly indicated by our CEO, Q1 FY'23 witnessed a transition in the revenue mix 
profile from COVID to non-COVID. There was month-on-month improvement in the 
non-COVID business during this quarter. For example, the non-COVID test volumes 
which stood at 0.68 million in April, increased 0.73 million in May, and also to 0.76 
million in June 2022. 
Overall, the number of footfalls stood at 0.75 million, as compared to 0.94 million 
in Q1 FY'22. The number of tests registered a marginally year-on-year increase of 
2% from 2.18 million to 2.23 million. The revenue per test was Rs. 469 and revenue 
per footfall was Rs. 1,395 during the current quarter Q1 FY'23. 
The consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 104 crore as against as 
Rs. 123 crore in Q1 of last year. This decline was largely on account of decrease 
registered in the COVID business. The non-COVID business revenues stood at Rs. 
101 crore, comprising 97% of our revenue share as against 74% revenue share in 
Q1 of last financial year. Overall, our non-COVID business registered 
a growth of 
12% while COVID revenues registered 
a decline of 90% on 
a year-on-year basis. 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 17

Moderator: 
Aashita Jain: 
Narasimha Raju: 
Aashita Jain: 
Narasimha Raju: 
Aashita Jain: 
Narasimha Raju: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
Also, the radiology business stood higher at approximately 36% as against 32% in 
the last year Q1. 
EBITDA for the current quarter was Rs. 40 crore as against 
Rs. 57 crore 
in the 
corresponding previous period. EBITDA margin stood at 38.2% as against 46.3% in 
the last year Q1. Lower Q1 revenues coupled with incremental expenses for the 
upcoming facilities largely impacted our margin performance. We are confident 
that our EBITDA margins would certainly rebound in the upcoming quarters once 
these new centers attain maturity. 
The Proft after tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 17 crore and the Cash and cash 
equivalents stood at Rs. 235 crore at the end of June 2022. 
In conclusion, 
| would like to say that while overall things are moving in the right 
direction and the Company remains confident of delivering consistent performance 
going forward. 
This brings me to the end of my address. 
| would now expect moderator to open 
the line for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Aashita Jain from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
So, 
| was just saying, you just mentioned that our business is growing on a month- 
on-month basis. So, how are things looking in July and August? 
| think Aashita, what 
| could hear is that the increase that we have noticed month- 
on-month in the current quarter, is it observed in subsequent months, am 
| correct? 
Yes. Are we seeing that month-on-month improvement in July and August as well, 
how are things improving? 
Yes, fortunately, we have seen that month-on-month increase noticed even in the 
month of July and also August, we have seen that improvement in the business. 
And do we still maintain that, in the next two years we can still grow at around say 
13% to 15% growth, is that doable? 
Aashita, as you know, for our business, the growth predominantly comes from 
opening of the new hub centers, and then adding the spokes once they stabilize. 
So, what we have mentioned that in the current year, we are opening two state-of- 
the-art facilities, one in Rajahmundry and one in Punjagutta. We expect significant 
revenues coming up from these centers for a period of two to three years. So, apart 
from that, almost like 11 spoke centers, and the 4-hub centers that we promised in 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 17

Aashita Jain: 
Sunil Chandra: 
Moderator: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
the current year would be operational. So, considering all these centers in pipeline, 
we expect that the growth 
in the non-COVID business, double-digit growth, we 
strongly believe that it will continue. 
My second question is on the margin. So, given the competition that this industry 
is facing, we may be required to invest more. So, do you still see our margins moving 
back to the guided range of 40% to 41% in the near term? 
Aashita as 
| think, Raju just mentioned we are expanding. So, in fact, in Q1 itself we 
had five new centers which have opened, and these new centers, usually what 
happens is that, even before they open, staffing, and all the fixed costs are going to 
still hit our P&L, right. So, as they open and start contributing, you will see that the 
revenues improve. And when you have 
a 
lot of new centers, which are being 
opened, that has 
a maybe a temporary effect, the operational expenses tend to 
slightly hit your EBITDA margins and this is something that we expect that it will 
normalize, especially because this year we are again, we are going to open at least 
those four or five hubs and over 10 to 11 spokes, many of them are already in 
progress, Rajahmundry 
is being inaugurated tomorrow. Punjagutta again 
this 
center is fully ready, equipped staffed, it is just not open yet. So, these are some 
factors which are going to impact the EBITDA. 
Now, if you look at competition, you know there are two aspects to it. One is that 
unorganized competition is not new, it has always been there. Recently, we have 
seen some of these maybe digital platforms, but what we have seen is that they are 
doing some deep discount strategies where maybe that is the kind of nature of their 
business. They look at it as a customer acquisition cost. They are not looking at the 
cost of the test, they are just saying we will give some discount and try to get 
business. But in Healthcare, we have always felt that this is not a very sustainable 
strategy. Because end of the day, the quality of services and the trust of the patient, 
this is what drives the long-term growth. So, we feel these will be short-term in 
nature. And over the next year or two, you will see that, we are quite confident that 
our growth plans and our strategy will continue to be profitable. 
Thank you. We will move to the next question that is from the line of Prakash 
Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Couple of questions from my end. Wellness business has increased to 9.6% as 
compared to 4%. So, is it by design or it is by default. And also if you could give me 
some understanding what is the ARPU in this segment? What kind of packages we 
have starting range to the high-end range? 
So, Prakash this is not designed, we are getting this revenue from the packages that 
were available in the Company from long time. So, pre-COVID, we were at 10% of 
our revenues from Wellness. And during COVID of Q1 FY'22, it was 4% but otherwise 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 17

Suprita Reddy: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
it was roughly around 6%. So, majority of these packages are from Retail and 
Corporate, majority of it is again from Retail, and we have packages starting from 
Rs. 900 in our out station centres. And we have a wide variety of packages, right 
from something like diabetic package, cardiac package to the high-end whole-body 
package. 
And Prakash, like its mentioned earlier, the uniqueness of these packages and why 
this Wellness business is the key differentiator is because all of our packages have 
a mix of both Imaging and pathology. So, if there is only a bunch of lab tests, it's not 
going to be holistic in nature. So, everything starting from Rs. 900 to Rs. 9,900 will 
have a mix of some amount of Imaging, Cardiology and pathology. 
And do we have some tie-ups with, say doctors where post the wellness report or 
the package, a doctor is assigned to the retail customer, where he shows the report 
or there is feedback or some further process or we are not thinking of that? 
So Prakash, in some of our large centers, like our flagship centers which are hubs, 
where the package load is quite high, we have an in-house doctor who visits only 
for one hour or two hours. So, basically, it's a free service that is provided by Vijaya 
Diagnostics. This is only to give some amount of guidance on what these tests mean, 
by getting 
a package done. But there 
is no arrangement where we send these 
patients to any doctors, or we as consultants sitting within Vijaya Diagnostic refer 
these cases elsewhere. Because we are doing a whole-body package, it is only to 
basically check reports and guide them and 
let them know, give them some 
wellness and lifestyle changes require nothing more than that. And that 
is also 
available only in our flagship centers. 
And in the packages, have we seen any price cuts or more discounting happening 
at our end or prices have remained stable for us given a lot of guys are now focusing 
on this business to scale? 
So, Prakash there has absolutely been no change in our pricing when 
it comes to 
Wellness packages. But like Sunil mentioned a lot of competitive intensity in a lot 
of online aggregators and all that. But the Wellness bit like Siva mentioned, the 
packages remain same, and even the mixture of the test has not been changed. So, 
there is not much of, and that's also why 
| in fact stressed in my opening speech 
that we grew, and we are at a 9.6% which is a good signal to say that we are headed 
in the right direction without any of these changes being made at all. 
Understood. And also, can you help me understand, say in a normal year, 
| am not 
talking of non-COVID or COVID kind of revenues, generally Q1 
is the weakest 
quarter for us. Is there some seasonality for us where Q1 typically tends to be lower 
than the whole year average. How is the seasonality bit for us in our operations? 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 17

Suprita Reddy: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
Prakash historically also, we have typically seen that Q1 is a weaker quarter for us, 
probably even the past years, we have seen that. And that's also 
a reason why, 
again we stressed, and in fact, even in our presentation, 
| think in slide 
9 we have 
shown that it's actually showing, it’s a good signal to see a month-on-month growth 
happening. But Q1 
is 
a little slow season when 
it comes to our business 
in our 
geographies. 
So, 
it will be what, around 20% of our annual kind of sales, is that a broad set of 
number to look at? 
Around 20% to 22% of our annual sales. 
And 
lastly from my side, most of the 
reports and you know media 
reports, 
diagnostic industry is expected to grow 13% CAGR in the next few years. From our 
scale perspective, what will it take for us to grow, say 15% - 17%, is it just going to 
be deeper dive in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, going to interiors? And what 
could be the rural contribution or interior contribution from these core geographies 
for us, if you can help me understand that would be very helpful? 
So Prakash, currently, as you know that we are getting 83% of our revenue from 
Hyderabad. And definitely if you see the hubs that are coming up in the current 
year, they are more in tier-2, tier-3 and also some in adjacent and East India. So, 
definitely in next two to three years, the contribution from these locations will 
increase. And also as you said to grow better than the industry, we are trying our 
best, that is the reason even we are saying that instead of four hubs, we are even 
trying to get another three hubs, which were actually planned for FY'24. Our project 
team is extensively working to open these centers in the current year itself. If that 
happens, yeah, definitely in next two to three years, we will see a better growth, 
will grow better than industry. 
And any sense you could give from rural or interiors of AP and Telangana, what 
would be say a percentage contribution on an annual basis if you have that number 
ready? 
See, currently, it's about 14% of our revenues coming from Tier-2 and Tier-3. And 
like tomorrow we 
are opening one 
center 
in another Tier-2 
location 
called 
Rajahmundry where we are going to build a big network over the next two to three 
years. So, per se we cannot give you any percentage, but definitely over a three to 
four years’ time you may see something more than 20% coming from these 
locations. 
Understood, that is very clear. And lastly, how many reference labs do we have in 
Telangana and Andhra Pradesh as of date? 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 17

Siva Rama Raju: 
Moderator: 
Vinay Bafna: 
Narasimha Raju: 
Vinay Bafna: 
Narasimha Raju: 
Vinay Bafna: 
Narasimha Raju: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
So, as on date, see as on 30"" June, we have total of 13 labs out of which 11 are from 
Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinay Bafna from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
| have a couple of questions. So, first of all 
| want to understand, this quarter we 
have benefited from higher percentage of revenue from radiology packages etc. Is 
that the reason why our gross margins improved significantly? And would this be 
the norm going ahead or do you expect this to reverse once things normalize and 
your revenue from the radiology also dips back? Any views on that. 
Yes, there is an improvement in the gross profit by almost like 5% year-on-year that 
is because of acouple of reasons, one is the COVID revenue has decreased by almost 
like 90%. Generally, the material consumption in case of COVID business is almost 
double than the non-COVID business, that 
is one. And second thing 
is share of 
revenue from the radiology has increased in overall pile. So, material consumption 
radiology is generally lower as compared to the pathology. So, that’s the reason 
why you see 5% benefit at the gross profit margin level. Going forward on a non- 
COVID, fully non-COVID business what we expect is that the material consumption 
ranges between 12% to 14% depending upon the revenue mix profile between the 
radiology and pathology. What we expect broadly is that this number of material 
consumption will be in the range of 12% to 14%. 
Second thing is that we are opening two flagship centers, and we are incurring costs 
without any revenue. When do you think the revenues for these two centers will 
start accruing for the Company and some operating revenues start flowing? 
For these two centers, one 
is 
a Rajahmundry center, will be commencing from 
tomorrow. And the one more state-of-the-art facility in Panjagutta, which is above 
16,000 square feet facility, this is also almost the facility is ready. We expect that it 
will get commissioned by the end of this month or the first week of September. The 
final activities are going on, pre-commencement activities. So, the full-fledged 
revenue will come in from the Q3 quarter from these two centers. 
Another question would 
be that generally such 
large centers, what 
are the 
breakeven timelines at the EBITDA level in six months, twelve months, what has 
historically been our trend? 
Historically, if you look at it our EBITDA breakeven for large centers and also for the 
spokes center, small centers also, within the first six months period itself, what we 
have seen is the P&L EBITDA breakeven happening. So, even at these large centers, 
we expect the P&L EBITDA breakeven happens in the first six months itself. But only 
thing is that the reason for establishing such 
a large infrastructure hubs at these 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 17

Vinay Bafna: 
Sunil Chandra: 
Vinay Bafna: 
Sunil Chandra: 
Vinay Bafna: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
places like Rajahmundry, 
it has 
a potential to cater to almost like 150-kilometer 
radius, and where there is a potential to add almost like around 10 spokes, once 
these hubs stabilize. So, that's the reason why we are investing such 
a capex at 
these types of planned locations. 
Right. But generally, 
| mean, 
| understand for the spokes it would be hubs also 
| can 
understand the timeline, generally, for such 
large centers 
is what 
| want to 
understand. 
| mean, say for example Q3 we begin, so should we expect the margins 
to be under pressure for six months, twelve months, that is what 
| really want to 
understand, because if 
| look at your cost levels, they have gone up substantially 
over the past two quarters. Obviously, this will have some opex related to your 
these two centers which are not accruing any revenue. So, that's the reason what 
| 
was trying to get a handle on it. 
So, 
| think what Raju also mentioned is that the centers, before they are opened 
also we are incurring opex, including the fixed expenses and salaries. Rajahmundry, 
when once it opens tomorrow, and the other center opens probably in the next 
month, revenue, once it kicks in, the pressure on margins will ease for sure. And the 
further improvement will come as the ramp up happens and spokes once they are 
added, of course, the spokes are usually more profitable than the hubs, if you look 
at a cluster. But this particular quarter, what you are seeing is that the center is not 
open, but there 
is still fixed expense. So, that has put some pressure on them, 
EBITDA, which is temporary. 
Despite very high competition in the regions you operate specifically radiology, we 
have given a good number in the segment, in terms of revenues. So, are we seeing 
that the competition is not having any effect or is that that we are also offering 
discount but that is being offset by volumes which we are accruing in that particular 
segment? 
| mean is it because the competition is trying to give a very steep discount 
but despite that our radiology revenues are sequentially better, that's what 
| want 
to understand. 
So, as of now, 
| think Suprita mentioned earlier, we have not really made any 
changes to pricing, whether it's on packages or radiology. And we have not seen 
any real need also, our business and if you see our non-COVID business, the growth 
is quite healthy. We are seeing it continuing going forward also. So, we have not 
really felt that there is a pressure on pricing or that is affecting our business, as of 
now, yet. 
| understand that it's very difficult for you to break it down in terms of volume, but 
if it's possible, could you give me a trend as to what has been the trend when 
it 
comes to standalone radiology tests prescriptions and not packages, 
if that has 
gone up sequentially or month-on-month, if you have any idea on that? 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 17

Siva Rama Raju: 
Vinay Bafna: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Vinay Bafna: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Moderator: 
Sayantan Maji: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
So, the growth that we are showing month-on-month is from both radiology and 
pathology. 
| will tell you, for example, if you take from March till June, in the four 
months, every month radiology and pathology were in the range of that 65%, the 
contribution is in the range of 65% from pathology and 35% from radiology. So, we 
are seeing the demand coming from both the modalities, both from pathology and 
radiology. 
And my last question is this monthly rate which you have shown in the presentation, 
June roughly about 0.76 million, what would that be as a percentage for normal 
June quarter pre-COVID? 
| mean, would it be like 80%, 90%? 
| mean, how close are 
we at pre-pandemic levels? 
So, again, it would be like little bit judgmental. So, because the last two Q1’s were 
not the correct Q1’s to compare, because we had this wave-1 for first Q1 and wave- 
2 in Q1 of FY'22. But if you compare from FY'20, so we grew at a three-year CAGR 
is somewhere around 9% on the total test volume. If you take only non-COVID, we 
are roughly around 8%. So, what we feel is still there is potential to grow anything 
between 15% to 20%, ideally, we may be down by 15% to 17%, is what we think, 
but again, 
it's like 
little bit, the internal review that we have, and 
it's like very 
judgmental, if we don't have anything in hand to say that we are currently at 80%, 
or something like that. But what we feel is definitely there is scope of the increase 
another 15% with the existing branches. Because that we have already seen in June, 
for example, if you see the moment from April to June, it was almost about 12% 
increase in test volume. 
So, the test per patient is close to 3x in this particular quarter. And historically, also 
pre-pandemic, 
| think we used to be in the range of 2.7 to 2.8 odd, so is it yet the 
normal trend going ahead, or do you think it's a bit high in this particular quarter 
and it should normally going ahead? 
So, we expect it to be anything in the range of 2.75 to 2.9. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sayantan Maji from Credit Suisse. 
Please go ahead. 
So, the first question is, again, on the test volume, so the reduction that we saw in 
1Q FY'23 versus say 2Q, 3Q or 4Q of last year which were relatively less affected 
due to COVID. So, 
is 
it entirely attributable to seasonality? Or do you think this 
quarter had an impact on the pathology segment due to the competition? 
So, 
| would not say impact, so if you say that was what 
| was mentioning in the last 
answer 
also, 
like we 
have seen volumes growing both from 
pathology 
and 
radiology. So, as such, you know it’s not that pathology which got affected. 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 17

Sayantan Maji: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Sayantan Maji: 
Narasimha Raju: 
Sayantan Maji: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Moderator: 
Girish Bakhru: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Girish Bakhru: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
So, from 4Q to 1Q, pathology volumes did not get impacted apart from the 
seasonality that you see. 
So, 4" quarter 
is not an ideal quarter, so we can consider this with 3 quarter 
because 4" quarter is again, more of Omicron right. So, if you see that, in April, both 
the modalities got hit, and by June both the modalities got recovered. 
And second question 
is on your costs. So, has there been any increase 
in the 
discretionary costs like consumer outreach or say expanding your sales force to 
reach out to doctors. 
| understand there has been some increase in cost due to 
opening of new centers, but apart from that, has there been any other increase 
from the usual levels that we see? 
No such increase 
in any discretionary expenses, specifically on account of any 
marketing efforts, the usual costs are there with the annual increases. But there are 
no one-off expenses for any such marketing activities as such. 
And my last question is on, would you have any like data or anything, which basically 
tells you how much percentage of revenues do you get from repeat patients and 
how much do you get from new patients, in, say, an existing center? 
No, we will not be able to have that data because typically what happens is, we are 
not a hospital, so you don't have unique ID number. So, every time they come in, 
their name could be spelled differently, and it's a very difficult task. So, we will not 
be able to get that data for you at the moment. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish Bakhru from OrbiMed. Please 
go ahead. 
Just trying to still understand this seasonality which you say Q1 is probably 20% to 
22%. 
| am assuming generally if you have to compare lower volumes, 
| can just see 
the footfalls so, what was the number, if you can give for Q1 last year excluding 
COVID, if you have that, for footfalls? 
So footfall would be difficult, Girish, because 
it will be 
a mix of COVID and non- 
COVID. What we can give is the test volume, excluding COVID. So, that is like roughly 
we had something like seventeen lakh thirty thousand tests from non-COVID last 
year. 
And so this 
is basically just behavior wise, seasonality, right, less visible to this 
quarter? 
Yes correct. 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 17

Girish Bakhru: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Girish Bakhru: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Girish Bakhru: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Suprita Reddy: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
And this 
is not specific to 
| would say Hyderabad or outside Hyderabad, this 
is 
overall in the network. 
So, Girish, because like see, except two centers, all of our centers are within Andhra 
and Telangana, and this behavior is across these two states. 
And just on the two centers, Rajahmundry and Panjagutta, actually, 
| am just trying 
to assess the revenue contribution, you said that they will actually have a significant 
role in next two, three years. So, 
| mean, if 
| go back to what you had commented 
in the past few quarters, hub would typically do about, maybe 
| mean, Rs. 16 crore 
to Rs. 20 crore roughly, correct me if 
| am wrong. And when you have, let’s say, 
something like PET 
in Panjagutta, 
| am assuming that revenue number will go 
reasonably higher. So, 
| mean, roughly, would it be fair to say that these two centers 
alone can give about maybe 8% to 10% jump in FY’24, when they are fully running 
from current base? 
If you look at Panjagutta center itself, Girish, you will have to look at it like 
| had 
mentioned, it would be one of its kind in the country. See that like a fully Al based, 
it’s a biometric MR, and the CT is a walk-in and walk-out kind of a cardiac machine. 
So, like Sunil mentioned, centers like this why they are staffed earlier is 
a lot of 
training that goes in. These are highly specialized machines. As of today, if we look 
at our Himayat Nagar center, the wait for a PET-CT, close to about 6 to 7 days. So, 
keeping that in mind if 
| say Panjagutta opens at the earliest, it is actually catering 
to what you have as a demand today, not even looking at probably getting in new 
cases for that. And the MR itself probably to clock in terms of 2024, Panjagutta, yes, 
probably about 4% to 5% increase there would come in right. 
So, Girish, what we are expecting is next in 3 to 4 years, we expect something like 
Rs. 40 crore of revenue contribution from Panjagutta which will be about 10% of 
our current revenues. 
So, this Rs. 40 crore you said from Panjagutta alone, is it? 
Yes. 
Girish, Panjagutta center has to be looked at as a center which is one of its kind like 
| am telling you the PET, the MR and the CT are probably maybe two or three in the 
entire country today. And the speed of these systems, the kinds of cases that we 
can do in these systems when we say that you Dual-Source CT is a walk-in, walk-out 
kind of a cardiac. So, even if somebody is not cooperating that case typically today 
in any center, in an imaging center, if a patient doesn't cooperate, we cannot test 
the patient, this is going to be different. Any case can be performed. So, that case 
is happening that is what is coming in Panjagutta. So, we look at Panjagutta ramping 
up and giving this kind of revenue in probably three years of time. 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 17

Siva Rama Raju: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Girish Bakhru: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Girish Bakhru: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Girish Bakhru: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Girish Bakhru: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Moderator: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
LWIJAYA | 
CENTRE 
So, Girish if you currently see Himayat Nagar is somewhere around Rs. 60 crore of 
revenue 
per year. And 
also, we 
have the second center Dilsukhnagar which 
generates about Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 27 crore. So, this Panjagutta will be, in between 
this Himayat Nagar and Dilsukhnagar. 
And even distance wise and the kinds of clientele 
it caters to, 
it will be 
a 
little 
different. And when we come to Rajahmundry, also Girish, we do not have a center 
presence in this geography 200 kilometers in and around. This is completely new 
geography in fact, that also is a reason why 
| have been sitting here and doing this 
call from Rajahmundry today. And it's an important center for us, 
if this center 
stabilizes faster, the incremental growth will actually happen faster, because the 
more number of spokes will open. And 
| do not have any centers in about 180 to 
200 kilometers here. 
And just if 
| want a clarification, so you have two PETs now and is it fair to assume 
you are the only one doing PETs in this region? 
No, we 
do 
not 
have 
a 
PET 
in 
Rajahmundry. We 
have 
a gamma camera 
in 
Rajahmundry. 
Yeah, no PET in Panjagutta and PET in the main Himayat Nagar Center, right. So, 
there are two PETs already in the network now. 
In my networks, there are other PETs also available. 
So, Girish, we have PETs, 
like 
| would say there 
are PETs 
in 
hospitals. But 
in 
diagnostics like other than that 
| think there is only one or two PETs in the diagnostic 
center, other than Vijaya. 
When you say the wait is around five, six days, 
| am assuming wait is similar outside 
as well. 
But again, we come back to our philosophy here, Girish, as we keep the best at, 
maybe the lowest and the most affordable price so 
if a PET 
is priced at about 
Rs. 16,000 in Vijaya, Hyderabad, the competitor pricing would be around Rs. 22,000 
to Rs. 26,000. 
And do you take typically any price hikes in this advanced radiology side? 
Well, last year, we did not have any price hike in PET, Girish, it's more on volume. 
We used to do about 17 per day, now we are doing about 20 per day on one 
machine. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 17

Rahul Jeewani: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Siva Rama Raju: 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Siva Rama Raju 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Sunil Chandra: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
You indicated that the non-COVID volume growth for us on a three-year CAGR basis 
is around 8% to 9%. So, did you refer to that for the June month? Or that is the run 
rate which we saw for the entire first quarter? 
That is for the entire first quarter. 
| don't have the June number handy, but it will 
be more than 10% for June. 
And on the realization, so 
if we see pre-COVID our realizations on 
a per patient 
basis, used to be around Rs. 1,200 to Rs. 1,250 and now we are at around almost 
Rs. 1,400. Obviously, this quarter, we would have benefited from higher share of 
the radiology business. But where do you think our realizations can sustain over the 
next three to four quarters? 
So, Rahul, there are two reasons for the realization to be at Rs. 1,300 because if you 
see the number of tests per footfall, 
| mean during the current quarter, 
it was 
around 2.98, which was highest, 
right, previously pre-COVID we were around 
something like 2.7, 2.75. And also radiology, in the current quarter was around 
35.7%. That was the reason you are seeing that highest realization. Whereas in Q4 
if you see, average test per footfall was just only 2.3 because of Omicron, that was 
the reason it was at Rs. 1,200. But if you ask me for the future, it will be anything in 
the range of Rs. 1,250 to Rs. 1,300. 
So, Rs. 1,250 to Rs. 1,300 looks like a more sustainable number for you. 
Yes, correct. 
And just one last question on this revenue potential, which you spoke about from 
the Panjagutta center. So, you are looking at a revenue of Rs. 40 crore over the 
three year period, as an annualized revenue contribution. 
Correct. 
And just one clarification, so you said Himayat Nagar, which is the flagship center 
for us, is now annualizing at a Rs. 60 crore kind of revenue run rate. And obviously, 
that center has been in operation for almost, let's say, a decade. So, do you think 
that Panjagutta center can hit that Rs. 40 crore kind of revenue run rate within the 
first three years itself? 
Yes, we are pretty confident on that, in fact, because of reasons 
| had mentioned, 
because of our own wait times, not being able to cater, and at the same time being 
affordable with the best quality, we still see that going and we are pretty confident 
on achieving that. 
Also, Rahul, the center is located close to a very large institute it’s called the Nizam's 
Institute 
of Medical 
Sciences, 
kind 
of 
like 
a 
AIIMS 
in 
Delhi, 
it's 
the 
largest 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 17

Rahul Jeewani: 
Sunil Chandra: 
Moderator: 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Sunil Chandra: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
Government hospital in our city. So, this center is located right next to this institute. 
And a lot of the services which are not available in that institute will also flow to the 
center. 
Would you have any sense right now where these volumes from NIMS would be 
flowing into as in, because there are no alternative options available as of now? 
So, 
| think right now, of course, whatever is not available is probably, being shared 
or distributed across many centers, including maybe we also get some small part of 
it, but there is no center, which is right next to this institute. This center that we are 
opening is firstly, the closest in distance terms. Secondly, the equipment that we 
are bringing in, is 
| think, as Suprita mentioned, a Dual-Source CT, this would be one 
of the first, two or three installations in the country. Similarly, the kind of PET, the 
kinds of MRI which are being installed, are almost like research level equipment. 
So, 
| don't think any of the other centers will even be able to offer some of the kinds 
of tests or services that this center will be able to do. 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Cyndrella Carvalho from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
| just wanted to understand you spelled out in terms of, Panjagutta, how much of 
revenue potential we could see, what 
is the number that we are seeing for 
Rajahmundry, overcoming two to three years? 
| think, even during our IPO and the roadshow, we had indicated that in our business 
model, typically, we look at hub centers, once they stabilize, they can contribute a 
minimum of our Rs. 12 to 13 crore. That's the broad business model. Of course, 
when you have some hubs like Panjagutta, Panjagutta 
is actually 
| would say 
is 
unique, 
it 
is almost comparable 
to our flagship center 
it's one of 
a 
kind. But 
Rajahmundry is a more typical hub. So, we would expect that it will behave in that 
same model. Typically, where hub stabilizes, depending on the equipment level, like 
if you have a PET-CT, it could be more if not, typically like other hubs historically 
have stabilized entire two locations at about Rs. 12 crore, Rs. 14 crore, Rs. 15 crore. 
So, we expect it could be around that range, we can't really give you a number on 
that. 
But like 
| told you with no presence in about 150 to 180 kilometers here and this 
stabilizing, if you are asking me at the end of fourth year, 
| would very confidently 
say that we would be able to achieve a revenue of close to Rs. 20 crore. 
And just wanted your sense around, how are we seeing the competitive intensity 
outside Hyderabad City and within Hyderabad City? If there are any recent trends 
that you have seen 
lately, wherein you're seeing any normalization, and the 
intensity, which you would like to share with us? 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 17

Suprita Reddy: 
Moderator: 
Priya Harwani: 
Suprita Reddy: 
Moderator: 
Sunil Chandra: 
VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
Especially in Hyderabad, what we see is we see more of the aggregator and the 
digital kind of competition coming in, that is a different kind of competition. But 
especially where we have been putting our focus in growing all the Tier-2 and Tier- 
3 locations, these are locations where there are 
a 
lot of unorganized players, 
smaller nursing homes, and 
| don't think these places have still caught up to a fact 
where they will probably be looking at prices and doing home collection. So, they 
are still 
a 
little more conservative. And the kind 
of competition 
is completely 
different in both of these areas. And that's also a reason why when we do centers 
like the inauguration tomorrow in Rajahmundry, our focus is more in terms of trying 
to invite people to see the facility, to differentiate between 
a center that is like 
Vijaya and all the unorganized and smaller chains. 
| think the conversation that we 
have with the customer in these tier-2 and tier-3 towns is what is built that entire 
brand recall for Vijaya over the last 40 years. So what's the plan for these centers is 
doing more health camps, health awareness, showing them the facility. And again, 
like 
| told you, we have these lifestyle guides who basically give them small tips on 
their lifestyle changes, wellness 
bit. So, this has been the activity. This 
is not 
something that we do a lot in the city as of now. City is in terms of more in terms of 
an entire health package getting done. But all of our tier-2 and tier-3 places are 
more conservative in nature, they want to be spoken to, they want to be, actually 
they love seeing the facility. So, if tomorrow is our launch, we have already had 
close to about 50 people visit the site today, just to see whether it's the center from 
Hyderabad and how was 
it, and 
is it well-equipped, so that's like 
a very positive 
factor. 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question. That is from the line of Priya 
Harwani from Perpetuity Ventures. Please go ahead. 
So, 
| have one doubt, you said that you will be adding 15 centers every year. So, 
how many centers you 
are planning 
to expand 
out 
of Andhra 
Pradesh 
and 
Telangana? 
The majority of these centers are outside of Hyderabad. So, there is a mixture of 
centers coming up in Andhra and in Tier-2 regions of Telangana, exact number | 
might not have now, but the combination still remains the same of three to four 
hubs versus 10 to 11 spokes coming up. And like Siva had mentioned just to actually 
perform better, the project team 
is extensively working, probably we will try to 
open 
a few extra hubs, so that incremental growth of spokes also comes in next 
year early. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, 
| will now hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. 
So, on behalf of Vijaya Diagnostic and the Management, 
| would 
like to thank 
everyone for attending this call, and for showing interest in our Company. 
| hope 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 17

VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC 
[wisava] | CENTRE 
we have been able to answer all your questions, and should you need any further 
information or clarifications or would like to know more about the Company, please 
feel free to reach out to us or to CDR India, 
| think we can provide answers to your 
queries or any information needed. And thank you once again for taking time to 
join this call. And we hope to see you all next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
  
Transcript of VDCL Q1 FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 17
