T : +91 22 2549 7300 
F : +91 22 2549 7399 
E : sales@neogenchem.com 
W: www.neogenchem.com 
Registered Office : 1002, Dev Corpora, Cadbury Junction. 
Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) 400 601, India. 
CIN No. L24200MH1989PLC050919 
Encl.: As above 
Unnati Kanani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A35131 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neogen Chemicals Limited 
Jc~ 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
The transcript 
is also being uploaded on the company's website at https://neogenchem.com/financial- 
performance/ . 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call Transcript of 
the Company's Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, August 8, 2022. 
National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Company Symbol: NEOGEN 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub.: Q1FY23 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript. 
Departm 
f Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze 
· ebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code No: 542665 
){ 
.~. 
NEOGEN 
......... ., 
"\Ila.!' 
CHEMICALS 
LTD. 
7' 
August 16, 2022 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Neogen Chemicals Limited 
Q1 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 8, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference 
Call of Neogen Chemicals Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Neogen Chemicals’ Q1 FY 
’23 Earnings Conference Call. 
Joining us today on the call are senior members of the management team - Dr. Harin 
Kanani, Managing Director; Mr. Anurag Surana, Director and Mr. Ketan Vyas, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
We will commence the call with opening thoughts from the management team, post 
which we shall open the forum for Q&A. The management will be glad to address 
your questions.  
Let me leave with a standard disclaimer here. Certain statements made or discussed 
on the conference call today may be forward-looking in nature. The actual results 
may vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed disclaimer in this regard 
is available in Neogen Chemicals Q1 FY'23 Earnings PPT which has been circulated 
earlier. 
I would now like to invite Dr. Harin Kanani to share his perspectives. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you, Nishid. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our Q1 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have shared our result documents and I hope you had an 
opportunity to go through them. I will begin by sharing the performance highlights 
and growth initiatives while Mr. Ketan Vyas, our CFO, will take us through the 
financial insights for the first quarter ended FY'23. 
We have commenced the year on a strong note despite unprecedented challenges 
witnessed in the past few months in the form of high input and utility costs, logistical 
disruptions as well as severe volatility in exchange rates. 
Just to share the key financial trends: Revenue increased by 75%, while EBITDA 
improved by 58% and profit after tax grew by 51%. This time again, we witnessed 
significant increase in the prices of raw materials linked to lithium, which the 
company was able to pass on to the customers. Resultantly protecting the absolute 
EBITDA. The EBITDA percentage margin decline is optical as it considers higher 
revenues and higher RM costs, with preserved absolute earnings. 
During the quarter under review, our organic chemicals segment revenue enhanced 
by 32% year-on-year, while growth in inorganic chemicals stood at 243%. This was 
in line with our internal expectations and was supported by incremental gains from 
the capacity expansion initiatives undertaken across both the business segments. 

 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
The demand profile of products that we manufacture remains upbeat and we are 
confident of maintaining this growth momentum going forward. 
We have several CAPEX initiatives lined up this year and next year that will boost 
our performance trajectory in the existing as well as new business of lithium-ion 
battery chemicals space. These initiatives are getting executed as per our earlier 
stated timelines. 
Let me share some updates here. Discussions with both domestic and global 
customers are advancing as expected and there is continued interest and robust 
demand. As a process, we have started submitting samples for technical approvals 
and evaluations are underway to approve Neogen as a vendor at our customer-end. 
Once we get some comfort on that, we will align our large CAPEX plans with lithium-
ion battery chemicals space in H2 of the current financial year. 
In the CSM and Advanced Intermediates business, we are excited with the current 
momentum as we have started witnessing traction from even other sectors that are 
non-agro and non-pharma, including the traditional pharma and agro segments. Our 
focus is to increase the revenue contribution from these segments, which is in line 
with our efforts to expand the portfolio of value-added products. 
Separately, post our board approval last quarter, we have started initial work at the 
Dahej plant to deploy up to Rs.150 crore CAPEX in this financial year. This will be 
used for following initiatives - increasing the manufacturing capacity of specialty 
organic chemicals by 60,000-litre reactor capacity, expanding manufacturing 
capacity of inorganic salts from 1,200 MT to 2,400 MT, setting up new capacity in 
existing inorganic MPP for 400 MTPA for manufacturing, specialty lithium salts and 
additives for electrolyte used in lithium-ion battery advanced chemistry cells and 
overall site development at Dahej as well. All this expansion will come onstream by 
June 2023 and will help significantly elevate our revenue trajectory from the current 
levels. 
Our FY'24 revenue guidance remains unchanged at Rs. 700 to Rs. 725 crore while 
by FY'25-26, we will be able to add another Rs. 250 to Rs. 300 crore at full utilisation 
level, resulting a revenue potential of approximately Rs.1,000 crore. Let me clarify 
that here the incremental revenues as well as the revenue guidance for FY'24 are 
estimated based on stable lithium prices. 
The growth prospects for us are encouraging and we are very well poised to 
capitalise on the emerging opportunities unfolding in the Indian chemicals space. 
This along with India's growing position in global chemicals value chain, will drive 
incremental gains. Our focus will be to deliver sustained growth with healthy 
acceleration in profitability, thereby creating value for all stakeholders. 
With that, I would now request our CFO Mr. Ketan Vyas, to share the Financial 
Highlights for the quarter under review. 
Ketan Vyas: 
Thank you Dr. Harin. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to everyone. Today, I 
will cover the financial performance of the company for the first quarter ended 30th  
June of 2022. Please note that all comparisons are on year-on-year basis and refer 
to standalone financial performance.  
In Q1 FY'23, our revenue stood at Rs.147.9 crore, representing a robust growth of 
75%, driven by incremental benefits accruing from the expanded capacity and 
guided by positive demand environment. The company has been able to leverage 
its expertise in process chemistries to focus on high value products with multi-stage 
processes. 
We saw an EBITDA of Rs. 34.7 crore, growing by 58% in Q1 FY'23. EBITDA margin 
came in at 16.7% in Q1 FY'23. The EBITDA performance was supported by 
operating leverages gain on account of increased capacity available. Favourable 
product mix also steered the momentum. The improvement came in despite various 

 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
pressures seen in the form of higher input and utility costs with added exchange rate 
volatility. 
During the quarter, we reported a strong double-digit growth in profit after tax at Rs. 
11.1 crore, higher by 51% in Q1 FY23. This was bolstered by a strong operating 
performance. During Q1 FY23, our domestic to export mix stood at 56% and 44%, 
respectively. 
That ends my opening remarks. I will now request the moderator to open the forum 
for the discussion with the participants. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Saurabh Kapadia from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
First question is on the organic chemicals. If I look at the revenue for organic 
chemicals from Q3 to Q4 to Q1, there has been decline over the last two quarters. 
So, this is because of seasonality or what is the reason behind this? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
This is mostly driven by seasonality and slightly soft demand from pharma customers 
in some specific molecules or APIs, where there is basically inventory correction 
which is going on where some of the APIs there was large inventory worldwide and 
now the correction is happening. But I would say that it is more because of the 
seasonality that generally the Q1 demand is a bit lower. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Is this APIs related to ARV segment? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No, these are some non-ARV API. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Second is if you can provide some colour on the cash flow from operations or working 
capital situation at the end of Q1FY23? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Our working capital utilisation was slightly higher at the end of Q1FY23. This is 
because, again, we had planned for a higher production and there was a little bit of 
inventory build up, as our capacity utilisation was much higher, although the organic 
revenue was a bit lower. So, there is higher working capital utilisation, but more or 
less in line with what we are expecting for the business increase that we are 
targetting for this year. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Continuing with this working capital, we are seeing the commodity price coming 
down. Should we expect some working capital release from Q2FY23 onwards? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We are constantly increasing and are trying to increase our utilisation levels. Our 
idea is to ensure higher utilisation of our facilities. So, by the end of this year, we 
would be at similar levels, i.e., at about net working capital in the range of around 
120-130 days and by the next year, we are hoping that by FY'24 as we had earlier 
also guided, our target is that we are somewhere at around 100-110 days of the net 
working capital cycle based upon net sales number of days. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
In your commentary, you mentioned increase in traction from non-pharma, non-agro. 
Can you add a bit more in terms of end industry or the size of the molecules or the 
client or the base material? Is it a bromine or lithium? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Both these molecules which we are thinking of are on the organic side, and one of 
them is for flavours and fragrances segment. We actually have three or four 
molecules which are now in flavours and fragrances. And another is a very typical 
industry, which is basically specialty chemicals required for one of our customers in 
Japan. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Gupta from Solidarity Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Gupta: 
Dr. Harin, I have two questions. The first one is that of all the lithium that is being 
imported in India right now for processing, what percentage of that would Neogen 
Chemicals be importing? 

 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
All the lithium which is currently being imported, I would basically divide into two 
parts - one is lithium, which is used for making specialty intermediates like lithium 
bromide, lithium chloride, like the salts we make. Second big application is for 
meeting grease application - what is used for making grease which companies like 
Indian oil and others make -  is a very large application and what I would consider 
as bulk. Most of this is in the form of lithium hydroxide and most of the intermediates 
that we make is in the form of lithium carbonate. We had checked this some time 
ago. I have not checked the most recent numbers. But when we had checked, we 
were importing close to around 60% to 75% of the lithium carbonate, which was 
getting imported into India for such specialty application. 
Manish Gupta: 
My second question is that a lot of these chemistries, I would imagine, there is some 
process knowledge that only comes with experience. So, how much of a time 
advantage would we have over a company that starts deciding they want to pursue 
lithium salts today? And as they try and catch up, I guess our knowledge would have 
further expanded. So how do we think of the advantage we have in terms of time or 
experience or cost vis-à-vis somebody else who attempts to do this today? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think there are three things which help support our lithium: One is, of course, the 
understanding. The second is the credibility because most of the customers in lithium 
are basically other than some application in pharma are non-chemical companies. 
So, they rely on Neogen Chemicals to not only provide the product as per the 
specification, but they want Neogen Chemicals as the reliability component is very 
high, because sometimes they are not even able to test the specifications fully or 
even the impurity profile; and from batch-to-batch, it has to be consistent. So, the 
years of experience with the credibility and the knowledge which you are providing 
them is also a critical factor here. Third is also the relationship with the lithium 
companies to be able to ensure that even in tough times, your lithium supply 
continues and you are not going dry. I would say that this is a combination of these 
three.  
What we have seen so far in last 25-30 years are two areas – so, there are some 
non-critical or non-critical pharma applications where it is generic or non-regulated 
market application as well as non-OEM lithium requirements. It is not the people who 
are making machines, but the user of the machines.  Suppose, if they have a repair 
and maintenance activity and want replacement of the material. This is where other 
than non-Neogen companies are able to cater. However, when it comes to OEM, 
when it comes to regulated pharma, that is where these three modes, which I told 
you earlier, we have been able to successfully manage and withstand. The main 
competition that we see are Chinese, Korean, Japanese and a European competitor, 
who have a similar track record as Neogen Chemicals who have been supplying to 
OEM for years. So that credibility, experience and the ability to source lithium. These 
are the main competitions in my view. 
Manish Gupta: 
This is a follow up on that - for EV vehicles, the batteries have to be made locally. 
Have any of these foreign competitors set up shops in India so far? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No. In fact, even the specific competitors who have been making lithium salts, even 
in their own countries, have not moved to EV. There are some challenges… 
limitations that they have. But I know that at least the Japanese and Chinese 
competitors are still sticking to the traditional lithium application. The players in EV 
are completely different. We do have competition in EV mainly from China and a little 
bit from Japan and now, maybe from Korea where some new players are coming up. 
However, most of these are new players, they are not the existing players. 
Manish Gupta: 
If you don't have players who will be able to supply this locally - does this mean that 
you have a chance to almost get 70-100% of the overall market? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think some other Indian companies at least for electrolyte have already made some 
announcements. We don't know, I mean, we can target a high market share, but 

 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
when we are doing our models, we are being considerate and not expecting a very 
high market share. We do three models - 30%, 50% and 70%. This is generally the 
market share range that we look at whenever we look at worst case, best case and 
moderate case scenarios. But we will see where it lands. The other thing which can 
happen is that some of the materials for various reasons could be imported in the 
beginning. For example, some of the battery producers may decide to import a part 
of it and eventually, some of the players may set up a shop in India. So far, I have 
not heard of any announcement of international players setting up a shop in India 
either to make electrolyte salts or electrolytes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Shah from Investec India. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Shah: 
My question was regarding lithium prices. From the global channel mix what we have 
done, lithium prices have started easing off. But as you mentioned in your 
commentary that the prices had increased. Is it similar to what you had mentioned 
in the previous quarter that there is some kind of a disconnect between the global 
lithium prices and domestic lithium prices, and there is a lag basically when it comes 
to India, so just wanted to understand that first. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Usually what happens is that mostly what gets reported is the Chinese spot market 
prices. We don't buy from the Chinese spot market. Therefore, most of the 
commentary that you get is around the Chinese spot market scenario. What 
generally happens is that when we have this long-term relationship with our South 
America-based suppliers, they will look at the Chinese spot market prices, and they 
will base the contract around that. It can be a bit higher, it can be a bit lower, 
depending on what is the forward outlook, etc. So, I do a contract in this quarter, 
then they take about a month, month and a half to start shipping and then it takes 
two months for it to arrive. Eventually, we have, let us say, one and a half to two 
quarters lag between what happens in the Chinese spot market and material when 
we receive here. We also try to work with our customers, and at least, once we get 
clarity on the prices, we start booking our next quarter volumes, etc. So that is how 
basically, we have been working on this. 
From the India point of view from the material which is arriving, the prices are still on 
the increasing trend. So the Q1 prices of this quarter, i.e., what lithium carbonate we 
consume, were higher than what was in Q4 of last year and what we will be 
consuming in Q2 is even higher. The prices have moderated a little bit.  It is not that 
they have gone down significantly, but they have stopped increasing and maybe 
correcting by a couple of dollars or something like that. Thus the impact of that will 
basically be in Q3. Internationally if we look, Q1 and Q2 was little bit stable at that 
peak price. What we expect for Neogen Chemicals is, Q2/Q3 will be more or less at 
that kind of peak prices, the visibility that we have so far. 
Yash Shah: 
You also mentioned that you were able to pass on the prices. Till what extent have 
we been able to do that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Up to Q2, we have looked at ourselves and we have been able to pass on whatever 
price increase we had on lithium that we had paid higher. To that extent, we have 
been able to do that.  
Now, our real challenge is going to be Q2 and Q3 because this is where the peak 
price is going to hit us. So some of the challenge which my customers are facing is 
at that price, their final molecule is not viable. Some of the customers understand 
that they do not have an option as these are the global prices. Even if they buy 
globally, it is going to be the same price. Where it is used as a catalyst application, 
where there is not too much contribution in the final RMC, our customers are able to 
pass on a little bit more easily and we may still be able to pass on. But for some 
customers where a significant part of their final end-use, this will be the real test 

 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
whether how their end customers are responding to this kind of a price increase. So 
that is going to be the challenge in Q2 and Q3.  
However, what is working for us is that we have found more such customers globally, 
for whom, the price is not so critical, but the supply is really important. So just even 
in last quarter, almost 25% of the revenue which we had was from completely new 
customers. That has been the trend for last two quarters. So we are actually adding 
new customers, new applications for which we have not worked in last 30 years, but 
now we are able to do that. So our hope is that there might be slightly lesser demand 
from our domestic customers, but on global demand, we are able to make up and 
still protect our volumes and be able to continue to pass on the prices. Again, 
whether we do that successfully, how well it works, we will know when how Q2/Q3 
goes.  
There is also view that, is this temporary or is this long-term. So there are many 
analysts internationally or the suppliers who think that this is going to be the new 
normal for at least couple of quarters. Then maybe some people feel that by 2023 or 
'24 is when there will be a more significant reduction in prices. So anyway, we keep 
watching this. There are too many factors that are determining this price – what is 
going to be the EV demand, how the new capacity expansions of the miners working. 
So it is a combination of all of that and we wait and watch. 
Yash Shah: 
But we maintain such higher level of inventories only to mitigate such volatility in the 
prices. Now, in this quarter also, we have seen pressure on the margins like we have 
had the lowest pressure since lowest margin since Q4 FY'19. As you mentioned that 
Q2 and Q3 is going to be further challenging. Do you think sir, we will be able to 
maintain the broad level guidance which we provided for our margins, which is 
between 17.5% to 19.5% till FY’24?  Will we be able to maintain the same even for 
the current fiscal year? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I am glad you asked this question. I can explain a little bit more. Let us say we have 
guided for Rs. 600 crore revenue and we have said that Rs. 600 crore revenue with 
about 18-18.5% kind of EBITDA, which basically comes to somewhere around         
Rs. 100-110 crore EBITDA number. We are fairly confident that we will be able to 
get this Rs.100-110 crore EBITDA number. However, because of the rising lithium 
prices, we will overshoot our Rs. 600 crore. So, instead of Rs. 600 crore, the way 
things are going now, looking at the lithium prices, we might be anywhere between 
Rs. 650 crore to Rs. 700 crore. So, we will be able to protect our absolute EBITDA 
numbers, which is like Rs.100 crore to Rs.110 crore, but on a percentage basis, 
whatever overshoot that happens in lithium, there we might not still be able to get 
that percentage. I mean, we will try to do as best as possible.  I am quite confident 
that the top line will definitely be overshot. So, that Rs. 600 crore will be Rs. 650 
crore or Rs. 700 crore. That is the range which I am currently looking at. But, again, 
it depends on how lithium behaves for the remaining quarters.  
Absolute EBITDA also should be in the range of Rs. 100-110 crore. But as a 
percentage, it will most likely not be 18.5% because of this very high lithium prices. 
Lithium prices in our Q2 are going to be four or five times of what is the stable lithium 
price. So, at this point in time if we not only pass on the benefit but expect customers 
to also give us a higher margin, which is on the absolute terms is five times, that is 
going to be very difficult for long-term customers point. So, even the numbers which 
you see in last quarter and this quarter, if this additional lithium prices when we 
correct, they fall in that same 18% to 19% range what we are doing. 
Yash Shah: 
Still will we not change our guidance for FY’24 in terms of revenue? Will we still 
maintain about Rs. 700 crore to Rs. 725 crore given that this year itself we are on 
the verge of going around Rs. 700 crore? So for FY'24 no changes in the guidance 
in terms of revenue? 

 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
So this Rs. 700 to 725 crore is the revenue guidance on a stable lithium price. So if 
by FY'24, lithium prices come back to stable lithium price, then that will be the 
guidance. If they remain high, then similar situation that we will basically overshoot 
that number. But again, I am sure that at EBITDA level, we are at 18-19% of Rs. 700 
crore to Rs. 725 crore. 
Yash Shah: 
One last book-keeping question which I had was our tax rate for this quarter has 
been significantly high, but for the whole year, we should be around 25-26%, right? 
That is all I wanted to confirm. 
Ketan Vyas: 
On the tax rate, we should be about 26% plus because previously we had a higher 
depreciation and MAT, so this year we should be around 26% plus approximately. 
Yash Shah: 
Last question which I had was, employee cost and other expenses have also 
increased. Is it primarily because of the ongoing CAPEX which we have undertaken 
for new projects, which with the increase in the revenue, will get operating leverage 
say in FY'25 onwards? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think the revenue cost which you are seeing is just given to support for the full 
utilisation of Dahej, because we had also staggered our employee base coming that 
way. This does not take into account the additional people which will be required for 
Rs. 150 crore, and we have not started hiring them as yet. But yes, as we get to full 
utilisation level, as a percentage, these numbers will taper off. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sir, my question was largely to understand the situation that we are seeing in Europe 
in both the businesses that we have - the organic or the inorganic side. So, being a 
larger proxy to the pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals market and picking up cues 
from what we saw during COVID that healthcare and food security was given the 
highest importance and that is why a lot of contract manufacturing players in India 
benefitted not just in agri, but in pharma also. Now, that European companies or the 
multinationals that we might be catering to. Would you in your organic business say 
that they might have confusion or dilemma with respect to making something on their 
own or outsourcing more because of the higher cost? This is largely on the organic 
side of the business. At the same time because the power and fuel costs have gone 
through the roof and on the inorganic side we are catering to the HVAC market and 
we are looking at a second half of FY'23 to be a stronger half in terms of revenue 
and growth. Do you see any ramification of this entire regime turning out to be 
negative for the European economy? And if you can bifurcate this for both our 
businesses? This is an opportunity for organic chemicals, organic bromines or the 
advance intermediates or the CSM business that we have and on the inorganic side 
as well? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
For the organic chemicals, you ask specifically Europe, but what I have seen in 
general is not only Europe but in Japan as well as US customers. They are still trying 
to find reliable manufacturers in India and there is a strong interest to keep finding 
alternatives to China, as well as if there are some new molecules happening, 
sometime their preference is that right from the beginning let us  work with a non-
Chinese supplier. There is also a trend that they wanted to look in Europe. But the 
general feeling is that in Europe, there is under capacity. So Europe wanted to make 
a lot of things in-house, they still do not have any and it takes a very long time for 
European companies to set up CAPEX. So, I think still India and other non-Chinese 
companies remain the place where they want to go for. So, I believe the trend for 
interest in India as a manufacturing for advance intermediates for CSM continues. 
As I mentioned earlier that not only agro and pharma, but other specialty chemical 
companies also, more and more are approaching us if we can do molecules for them. 
That is on the organic side.  

 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
 
As I mentioned in lithium, more than this HVAC and energy prices, the bigger driver 
is the lithium availability. So companies which are able to get lithium, the prices of 
lithium and how they will impact supply and demand. So again, as I mentioned earlier 
in my call that we found more customers who help us make up for slightly reduced 
demand in India as they are able to buy at the higher prices. But next two quarters 
will tell us whether in absolute terms, we will be able to keep increasing our capacity 
with lithium prices. So in Q2 and Q3 there might be some time because some 
customers - the prices which we will have in Q3 are historically highest - they are 
three times or four times of what we had. Therefore we will have to check which 
customer can still continue to buy at this price. I think that is going to be a bigger 
driver as compared to energy prices and other factors, which you mentioned on the 
lithium side of it. 
Archit Joshi: 
I was asking in this environment where European companies are facing problems 
on the energy side and the fact that we still have not got a clear indication as to how 
they are working their things around in terms of their own manufacturing capability. 
We know that the trend on China plus One story is pretty strong. But my question 
was largely to understand if this presents another leg of opportunities on the supply 
chain diversification perspective, that European companies already were grappling 
with higher costs on be it labour or power or environmental front. Now that things are 
snowballing on manufacturing things because of unavailability of gas and power cost 
going up. Does that present a significant opportunity for Indian companies or Neogen 
Chemicals also, because we have also ventured into contract manufacturing, per se. 
So that was a broader thing that I wanted to understand from you. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
If you think hypothetically, then you can say that, yes, when they wanted alternative 
to China, they can either go to Europe or go to India - one of the two options, and 
since power cost and outlook, there is a bit vague or higher costs, maybe they would 
prefer India. So yes, if we talk hypothetically, it looks like that this can be an 
opportunity. But so far, I have not seen any customer making a call that because the 
energy cost in Europe is very high, I am going to shift this production to India. I have 
not actually seen any discussion around that. I think still Europe is basically figuring 
out that how they will ensure that enough fuel is available for most of their needs. I 
do not see, so far, a very strong trend at least in our business, where customers are 
shifting because of higher energy prices in Europe. 
Archit Joshi: 
I think we were having some issues with respect to managing our inventory, and our 
production planning was also done in a way which was reflecting a higher working 
capital. And now we are talking about some of the new products we might get an 
approval into flavours and fragrances or specialty chemicals. Now does that become 
a part of an elevated pressure on our working capital given that some of the earlier 
molecules themselves have not scaled up enough from our multipurpose plants to 
garner volume, so that they can have a plant of their own, where the volumes could 
be significantly higher. So, just to understand from the product addition perspective, 
how would you look at the organic chemicals business going for us individually from 
the new products that we are adding and from the ones that we were doing business 
for some of our customers earlier? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Mr. Joshi, the dynamics of any new product is that while they are getting scaled up, 
there will be lower volumes and then eventually they will increase. But the main point, 
the improvement which we are expecting from FY'24 onwards is saying that Neogen 
Chemicals' average molecules are of a larger size. So, there are less changeovers, 
as well as going forward from FY'24 onwards, we will have more molecules which 
are on the dedicated as compared to what we had earlier, which is what should give 
us the improvement. Whether it is a pharma new molecule versus let us say a non-
pharma new molecule, the dynamics remain more or less similar. But yes, overall, 
Neogen Chemicals’ average molecule size will increase or more number of 
molecules will be dedicated, which we are hoping will start from FY’24 once all our 

 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
new molecules start stabilising, and then FY'24 onwards, we can start seeing 
benefits of that.  
Archit Joshi: 
Sir, just one clarification. Something that I could not understand from one of the 
comments that you made earlier. We buy around 60-70% of India's total imported 
volumes of lithium carbonate. Sorry, if I heard that wrong. But just something that I 
was curious to know was, is it more economical or makes more viable sense to 
import lithium carbonate directly or is there any way wherein the crude lithium can 
be brought in India and then it can be processed into lithium carbonate by a 
converter? Is that also an option or it is just easy enough to buy the lithium carbonate 
from outside? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Even at that high percentage of imports, we are importing let us say between 500 to 
1,000 MT of these lithium carbonate hydroxide molecules, whereas internationally, 
the plants which do this conversion from crude from the mine are usually of the 
capacity of 20,000 tonnes. So it would not make sense for us because the scale 
difference will be so huge. And also, most of the countries like Chile and Argentina, 
you can only ship finished products. So they do not want them to become just a 
mining place where things are mined, crude is sent out. Australia still has that option, 
where they just send concentrated ore let us say to China and China processes that 
or maybe in future US will also do that. But in India, maybe once the battery volumes 
pick up really large, maybe by 2026-27, by that time, it will make sense. But today's 
India's demand, it would not make sense to set up a processing plant for the 
immediate need. For the future you can consider. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Damania from Ambit Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Mihir Damania: 
You have a revenue EBITDA target for FY’23 and FY’24. Do you also have cash 
flow from operation target for the company on EBITDA of around Rs.100 crore for 
FY’23 and Rs.130 crore for FY’24? Where do you see Neogen Chemicals generating 
cash flow from operation? What is the broad-based amount or any internal targets 
you have CFO to EBITDA conversion? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I mentioned the cash flow targets in terms of net working capital limits that we want 
to have. So for FY'23, as I mentioned, the target is to be between 120 to 130 days 
of net sales, and let us say to improve this closer to 110 days by FY'22. I have not 
done the math, but I think we can do the math and see what it translates into 
operating margins based on the numbers which I just mentioned. 
Mihir Damania: 
Slightly on a long-term basis, let us say five years out, where do you see the net 
working capital? Do you see any material improvement to 110 days number for FY'24 
which you mentioned or do you see that just because of its more or less structured 
that it will be very difficult to get incremental benefit from 110 days? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think my understanding or let us say wish list whenever we have discussed five 
years down or where we should ultimately be in the most efficient sense, but again, 
it requires a lot of changes in business model, the way we deal with the customers, 
etc., I would say, maybe between 90 days to 100 days. But with a lot of dependency 
on imports, with so many multi-products and molecules which are very long, 
sometimes processes I see very difficult going below 90 days. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: 
On the organic chemicals side - given that you mentioned that in Q3 concall that the 
phase-I and phase-II both will be optimally utilised by September '22. If I look at the 
last three quarters run rate, it is around Rs. 100-odd crore and I think we did 
somewhat Rs. 60 plus Rs. 55 which is roughly Rs. 115 crore CAPEX for both phase-
I, phase-II and the peak revenue should be roughly Rs. 250-odd crore. So including 
this phase-I, phase-II organic chemicals should reach to roughly Rs.500-odd crore 

 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
which itself gives you Rs.120-130 crore quarterly run rate. So, my question is on that 
front. By when do you foresee that the organic chemicals run rate can inch up to 
around Rs.120 to 130-odd crore? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Let us say by Q3/Q4 we should be there. That is the only way we can achieve our 
next year’s target. Because next year, we have to almost run at that full utilisation 
level throughout to be able to reach that Rs. 700-725 crore. 
Dhavan Shah: 
You mentioned that because of some seasonal factor and some higher inventories 
for a particular molecule, there are some lower revenues. So, can you give some 
numbers? How much revenues is contributed by that particular molecule in the 
organic chemicals front? What do you foresee - maybe two to three quarters down 
the line? Is there a major concern in terms of the organic chemicals growth or not? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In pharma, these molecules going down for a while happens many times. This time 
it has been a bit longer. What happens is that when we see that this is going to be a 
more permanent trend, so our current reading of that this is just inventory buildup. 
Once we know and have better clarity on that, we start planning some other 
molecules in that place. We already have plans around that and it will not be a 
concern. We have plan-B that if this continues and if there is no correction, then, by 
Q3 or Q4, there will be some other molecules which will start replacing that. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Given that this Rs.150-odd crore new CAPEX in Dahej will be completed by next 
year '23. So, after this CAPEX, how much excess land will be available at Dahej? 
When we acquired the Baroda plant, I think we had some approvals in place for few 
of the molecules. So, what are the plans at the Baroda plant? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
On Dahej, we will still have space for two MPPs at least. So, two MPPs meaning, let 
us say a revenue of additional around Rs. 500-750 crore depending on the product 
mix, etc., is something that we can still get out of Dahej site. In addition to that in 
Karakhadi the idea is that right now since we have SEZ benefits, which is for 10-year 
period and many of the demands which we are having are related to deemed export 
or export region. So therefore, our focus of the investment will be in Dahej. When we 
have domestic business,that basically we will be focussing on using the Baroda land. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from White Oak Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
On the lithium salt electrolyte and the retail, I just want to understand this 250 MT is 
operational by FY'23. This relates to the salt capacity or the electrolyte capacity or 
is it a combination? Can you just explain that? The balance 400 MT which you said, 
can you explain the capacity that you put up and how much have you spent in this 
capacity? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The 250 MTPA was basically the electrolyte formulation plan which we are going to 
make. This was a pilot facility which we want to do, with which we can start supplying 
to our customers. We have even a smaller facility which can produce a couple of 
MT, let us say less than 5-10 MTPA. So, that has already been made operational. 
And from that, we have started giving samples to our customers. And what we are 
targetting is that by FY'23, that 250 MT will happen. So, that will be more like an 
industrial scale to give our customers the higher confidence and also, the intention 
for us is to experience that okay, what we made at a 5-litre, 10-litre scale, how does 
it get made at a 1,000-litre scale. So, that is the main idea behind that 250 MTPA, 
more like a trial plan for us now. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
In that you are making the salt and the solvent you are making the additive? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
When we said that 250 MTPA is the electrolyte, the formulation capacity. The 400 
MTPA which we have mentioned is where we are going to make the salt which can 
be like LIF, like LIPF6, LIFSI or other salt additives, which we are planning to make. 
So, that is a salt additive capacity. Generally, 400 MT, this is where the salt will be 
made, and that can support a much larger electrolyte production as well. 

 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So, the ratio is 1:8, something like that, right? So you are reaching 400 tonnes – 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
It depends on each customer's formulation. A part of it is also intermediate. I would 
not like to put exactly how much it will support electrolyte. But this is basically salt 
and our intention here is to also use this to explore international markets for this. 
Because as we stated in our previous calls, international market exists for Neogen 
Chemicals for the salts. This is a market which is already existing and the current 
electrolyte producers or let us say even the salt producers would like Neogen 
Chemicals to support with basic lithium salt or an LIPF6 or other such electrolyte 
salts. That is what we are targetting. Yes, initial requirement of India also, internally 
we can support. But the main purpose of this is to test the international market and 
be ready for the initial India demand. Again the same logic as the 250 MTPA, there 
is a facility so that when we are setting up a much bigger facility, we are more 
confident on the design and we can further optimise it based on the experience we 
have here. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
What I really wanted to understand was the vertical integration. So my 
understanding, correct me if this is wrong, is that the Dahej is in really making the 
salt which is an LIPF6. In order to make LIPF6 how backward integrated are we like 
the TF-Gas? Are we going to make that also? Just trying to understand the level of 
vertical integration because when you say we make the electrolyte, my 
understanding is the Dahej is in making the salt because solvent we will probably 
buy from outside, and in making salt which let us say right now is an LIPF6, there 
could be other sorts later on, in that LIPF6, how vertically integrated would we be? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We will be only importing lithium carbonate which comes out of mine and then the 
remaining chemistry will be done by us. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Solvent we will be buying from outside?  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. Solvent and non-lithium additives also we may buy from outside. So, there are 
some additives which are lithium-based and there are some non-lithium-based 
additives. So, these additives we will buy from outside, but the salt will be made in-
house and that salt can be sold outside also or it can be used internally to make our 
own electrolyte also. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Second question sir is that this market is LIPF6, prices are very cyclical. They were 
$10 a Kg. Then they went up to $40-60 and got corrected again is my understanding. 
And if you look at the other players, which seems to be heavily over-supplied in terms 
of capacity that has been coming up. So what is the confidence that LIPF6, will not 
be oversupplied and will make reasonable spreads? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
It was oversupplied for a while and today if you ask, most of the people think it is 
undersupplied. One of the indications, for us also, was that when the lithium prices 
corrected or changed, LIPF6 corrected much higher than lithium prices. This is based 
on our understanding. The second thing is that the non-Chinese LIPF6 is definitely 
undersupplied, because 90-95% of LIPF6 is produced in China. For various reasons, 
I mean, in India, partly it is driven by the PLI scheme, but let us say where it is not 
driven by PLI scheme, countries are very worried as to the dependency which they 
have on China.  
Worldwide, the way the demand is expected to grow, when we look at that number, 
there is a lot of new capacity which needs to get added over next five to seven years. 
Most of the countries outside China are trying to make sure that capacity gets added 
outside of China. So, people are trying in Japan, in Korea, we are trying in India. 
Ultimately, what our feeling also is, that let us say, if we are able to make it efficiently, 
we can partake in the global business and supply lithium salts there. If the Chinese 
are still very competitive and we are not able to match that because the scale is 
much higher or if in China there is an over-capacity, we are quite confident that at 
least when it comes to India, it will be part of the overall package of our formulations 
and the lithium LIPF6 contribution into that will be relatively lower.  

 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
So the knowledge, the comfort, the benefit of local transport, the PLI scheme benefits 
will basically trump and at least at our electrolytes selling level, we will not have a 
challenge even if it is over-supplied in China. So, this is our understanding or reading 
of things. Also unless you make the electrolyte from scratch, starting from lithium 
carbonate, it will be very difficult to meet the PLI guidelines. I think that will also be 
one of the factors which will support production of LIPF6 locally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Centrum PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
First, two clarifications. The Rs. 725 crore revenue guidance for FY'24 and the 
Rs.1,000 crore revenue guidance by FY'25-26 does not consider the incremental 
revenue that will flow from lithium salts and electrolytes, right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. So, it does consider the lithium salt because it is a part of the Rs. 150 crore 
CAPEX. We said that the journey from Rs. 725 crore to Rs. 1,000 crore is based 
upon the Rs. 150 crore CAPEX which we are doing and that Rs. 150 crore CAPEX 
has three parts: One is traditional lithium salts, second is a lithium salts for electrolyte 
and third is the organic. Therefore, whatever revenue we get out of that 400 MT is 
part of that Rs. 1,000 crore. But what is not part of it is the bigger electrolyte business 
which we are targetting in India. That is still being discussed and determined. That 
is independent of this. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
No, but this lithium salt CAPEX which is part of that Rs. 150 crore, that will get 
completed by June '23, right? So, some portion will flow in FY'24 as well. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
But it would be limited. I am right now not confident enough to say that it starts in 
June '23, then how much revenue we will get in that. But yes, we have not revised 
(to include) the contribution of this. Technically everything will be ready by June '23, 
thus contributing to some extent, higher in FY'24. However, so far we have not 
accounted exactly how much additional we will get. Maybe by Q4 of this year, once 
we are closer to the completion of the timeline of the CAPEX and we start committing 
to our customers based on that capacity, we can give you more clarification on what 
will be FY'24’s upward guidance that we have based on this Rs.150 crore 
investment. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
By probably Q3 or Q4, when you have a better clarity on the electrolyte CAPEX as 
well, you will be able to probably guide much better clarity on the FY'25 or FY'26 
revenue as well, incremental ones? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, you are right. The large electrolyte business in India as per the PLI guidelines, 
the Indian companies have to start in 2024. They have two years’ time and maybe 
the Government can give them some extension. But if we think they stick to that, 
then in 2024 the production of battery cells has to happen. We will have to make the 
decision by the second half, set up the plant, so that the bigger plant becomes ready 
by 2024. So, they will start contributing in FY'25 a bit. Most of the customers are also 
going step-by-step. So, their first plant would be let us say 1 GWh, then they will 
increase it to 5 or 10 etc. So, FY'25 will be their initial trials for which we will start 
supplying. But they will be commercial level trials. And then FY'26 where the major 
ramp up will come from the India's electrolyte demand. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Next question is on the volume growth in organic and inorganic. I understand that 
absolute EBITDA per tonne has been maintained and due to the high revenue base, 
the margins look optically lower. But what has been the volume growth in organic 
and inorganic, if you can just throw some light on that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In case of organic, other than slight increase in bromine, there is no major price 
increase-driven factor, which has given us the increase. What you see basically is 
the higher utilisation levels. Like I said, we were also able to make a little bit more 
organic, which we have kept as inventory. But because of our customer demand 
being low, like I mentioned in pharma, and in Q1 and Q2, we generally always build 

 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
up inventory and in Q3 and Q4, unless new capacity comes online, we basically pare 
down that inventory. So that is the trend we have seen. So, utilisation levels have 
also improved in terms of volume and then I think Q3 and Q4, you will see closer to 
the Rs. 100-plus crore of quarterly run rate on the organic side. In case of lithium, if 
we are comparing with the same quarter which was Rs.17 crore versus what we did 
around this quarter, it was significantly higher, because like I said, there was this 
non-Indian demand also, which drove us which itself contributed to almost 25%, and 
the Indian demand also was significant. I am sorry, I do not have the exact number. 
But I would say, we see the difference between 51% or 58% is the EBITDA or PAT 
growth, and the revenue growth is around 75%. So, there is a difference between 
that 58% and 75%, which is basically largely coming from the lithium price. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So, you have been doing this Rs. 58 crore for the last two quarters? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Last quarter Rs. 58 crore and this year Rs. 58 crore. So, between last Q4 and Q1 
volumes are lower because the prices of lithium have increased. So, as compared 
to Q4 of last year, we have done lower volumes, but as compared to Q1 of last year, 
we have done significantly higher. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
What is the scenario of our bromine in terms of availability and pricing currently? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think there is no major change in the bromine availability scenario. I mean, there 
are seasonal factors that during monsoon season, sometimes the bromine 
availability goes down in India a little bit. But we always prepare for that and that is 
why we also import part of our bromine. If we are talking of a two-year or three-year 
trend, less and less bromine is available from China and India, Israel and Jordan are 
making up for it. That trend continues to remain and there is no major change from 
what we have seen in the last one or two years. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second question is, any update on the pharma CRAMS segment that we are 
targetting, particularly from the Japanese market perspective? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
CRAMS business or what we call CSM business, we are targetting both, pharma 
and agro and as we said, recently we also added some non-pharma, non-agro 
customers in that. We have some traditional pharma CSM business with Europe, 
which has been going for quite some time and that continues. Similarly, our other 
CRAMS business with traditional customers continues and they are ramping up also. 
Every quarter, some molecules move from pilot to first commercial and from first 
commercial to main commercial. That trend also continues. There is no major update 
on that except that maybe post-COVID some of the new customers that we were 
targetting from US, Japan and Europe were able to visit the site and they got a better 
understanding and now based on that, our discussions are going forward about 
which new molecules or projects which Neogen Chemicals can do. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you all the participants for joining the call. I hope we were able to respond to 
all your questions. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to 
our investor relations team and we will address them. Thank you once again. Stay 
safe and we look forward to connecting with you again in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Neogen Chemicals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
The transcript has been edited for clarity but it may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has been 
made to ensure high level of accuracy, the Company takes no responsibility for such errors. 
