Date: 16.08.2022
Departmentof Corporate Services
The Manager, Listing Department
BSE Limited,
The National Stock Exchangeof India Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
ExchangePlaza, 5" Floor, C- 1,
Dalal Street,
Block G, Bandra - Kurla Complex,
Mumbai-400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400051
BSE Scrip Code-523329
NSE Symbol- ELDEHSG
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, August 10, 2022
Dear Sir/Madam,
This is with reference to the intimation dated August 01, 2022 made by the Company about the
Earnings Conference Call scheduled for Wednesday, August 10, 2022 at 12.00 Noon IST. A copy of
Transcript of the conferencecall held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith.
The
aforesaid
Transcript
is
also
being
made
available
on
the
Company’s
website
at
www.eldecogroup.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Eldeco Housing & Industries Ltd.
Regd. & Corp. Off. : Eldeco Corporate Chamber-1, 2nd Floor, Vibhuti Khand (Opp. Mandi Parishad), Gomti Nagar, Lucknow-226010
Tel.: 0522-4039999, Fax: 0522-4039900 E-mail: eldeco@eldecohousing.co.in Website: www.eldecogroup.com
CIN : L45202UP1985PLC099376
Y
KY
OH
“O75
*
o-
Kapil Saluja
Chief Financial Officer
Thanking you,
For Eldeco Housing a
Ing
Gs
ves
Lz,

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PANKAJ BAJAJ – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. MANISH JAISWAL – GROUP COO 
 
MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – VICE PRESIDENT ACCOUNTS & TAXATION, 
ELDECO GROUP 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bhatt. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Abhishek Bhatt: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to all the participants on this call. Before we proceed to the call let 
me remind you that the discussion may contain forward looking statements that may involve 
known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with 
our business risk that could cause future result performance or achievement to differ 
significantly from what is expressed and implied by such forward looking statements. Please 
note that the result and the presentation are available on the exchanges and also on company’s 
website. Should you need any assistance to receive them, you can write to us and we will be 
happy to send it over. Now to take you through the results and answer all the questions today 
we have the top management of Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited with us represented by 
Mr. Pankaj Bajaj – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Manish Jaiswal – Group COO, Mr. 
Sanjay Agarwal – Vice President Accounts and Taxation, Eldeco Group.  
 
We will begin with the quarter highlights followed with Q&A. Now I would like to hand over 
the call to Mr. Pankaj Bajaj. Over to you, Sir. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Good afternoon everyone. This is Pankaj Bajaj. I welcome all the participants to Eldeco 
Housing & Industries Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings Call. Let me start with brief comments on 
the real estate market I believe you already have the results with you. So, I will just give a brief 
background on the market and after that I will touch upon the operational and financial 
performance for the quarter. So, India’s residential real estate demand remained un-awaited 
during the quarter despite the global and domestic disruptions which includes the Ukraine 
conflict and increase in interest rate, increase in input cost etc.  
 
During April, June 2022 the demand remained solid in spite of the factor as listed by the steady 
flow of numbers or inquiries for our projects because of the increase in demand, unsold 
inventory across cities including Lucknow has come down during the last few quarters. So, 
from an inventory overhand to a short supply situation that has turned around in about four to 
six quarter the last four to six quarters. This has enabled developers to pass on the increase in 
cost to the customers. Moreover, the established brand names are able to command the 
premium in their respective markets. With this background the business economics for leading 
developers look comfortable and have a cushion to withstand input price shocks.  
Talking about our operations during the quarter we have successfully handed over 1.1 lakh 
square feet with the registration of 78 homes. The collections continued to remain strong 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
during the quarter and stood at nearly Rs. 50 crores. Strong demand in electric sector has 
consequently pushed up land prices also. So, our challenge right now is to purchase land at a 
suitable location, however, we are confident of adding at least three new projects within this 
financial year to our development portfolio. All our current projects are progressing well in 
terms of execution, sales and collections. We are confident of completing all of them within or 
before the RERA timelines. In the current quarter we are also going to apply for approvals of 
our group housing projects in Eldeco City either GH4 or Crest whichever comes first and also 
phase 2 of Eldeco Imperia project. 
I would now like to move on to our recent financial performance. The revenue from operations 
for the quarter stood at Rs. 27.6 crores compared to 15 crore last year in the same quarter. Last 
quarter this was very low it was a low base because of the COVID waves, and this quarter has 
also been slightly low for us because of lower completions. The EBITDA was at Rs. 11.3 
crores compared to 5.1 crore last year. EBITDA margins was 40.9% compared to 33.9% in Q1 
of FY22. The PAT stood at 10.1 crores in Q1 FY23 compared to 4.7 crore in Q1 FY22 
witnessing a robust growth of more than 100% year-on-year. With this short comment from 
our results I would like to open the floor for questions. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Prithvi Finmart Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Sir can you throw some light on inventory status of Lucknow market as a whole and how we 
are placed in this market and secondly, I want to know are we looking for any opportunity in 
the other geography apart from Lucknow market? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, I would not know for sure the exact number of inventory because most of the companies 
other than us in Lucknow are not listed. So, that data is not in the public domain, but I would 
guess that the unsold inventory is not very high not more than 2,000 unit in all over Lucknow 
and consumption the offtake is nearly that much. So, it is less than supply, like all of Lucknow 
market has right not, so it is a short supply market with a very strong demand. In that 
background it makes sense because traditionally we are a Lucknow company to add projects in 
Lucknow for which we are working hard and I have already said in my opening comments that 
we are going to add projects this year. Unfortunately, this is not the quarter where we can 
officially declare I would not like to make a premature declaration of what projects we have 
added, but we have proceeded far enough to be confident to say that we are adding projects 
this year. With that background Lucknow and UP is most attractive right now. So, if you were 
in the previous concall this question comes and we have said that we are going to go outside 
also. As of now Lucknow looks the most attractive markets, but if you remember we have 
taken tentative steps in Bareilly. So, we are thinking of rolling of the Bareilly project into the 
main company by having a majority stake there, but since it is a related party transaction we 
want to trade very carefully. So, we have appointed our external agency one of the big four 
wants to advise us there and they come in arm’s length kind of valuation. So, once that come 
then Bareilly will probably with due approval from the bodies and even our shareholders, we 
will probably have a bigger presence in Bareilly, but as of now our core focus is to add 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
projects in Lucknow. I think it can take a number of new projects not just three because of the 
given inventory short supply in the market.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Sir, my second question on a revenue visibility and cash flow visibility if we look at current 
project ongoing project what we see is current area is around 5,25,000 and the forthcoming 
project area is around 13 lakh around, so which gives the current realization of 4,000 square 
feet we have the revenue visibility only of 750 crore. So, how you are guiding this revenue 
thing I think this all the project will get completed in next 7 to 8 years? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
No, it is not going to take that long. First of all, if we look at our historical numbers last year 
was a highest selling number last financial year in terms of FRED base which was about Rs. 
220 crores. As you have rightly pointed out the current pipeline is about 750 crores. So, that in 
itself is about 3.5 years of project pipeline and to that we are going to add more. So, I am not 
too worried it looks a little thin right now, but I assured in our previous concall also that before 
this gets exhausted, we are confident of adding more. So, we hope that the new benchmark 
which was set last year we do below that and we only increase from there.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Sir because my concern is only on the cash flow part because as per my understanding if we 
have 750 crores of revenue than cost will be around 50% of that including land cost and 
everything, so cash flow will be around 370 crores, 350 crores around, so our NPV is not much 
to get the value in the market that is the only concern what I have? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
No, there are land bank I do not know you have given in the presentation. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
I am just talking on the presentation basis? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, there are other land banks which are not at a project space so they have not been declared. 
There the NPV is much higher, but obviously that is not the number that we declare and there 
is enough cash flow to support much higher NPV.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Last question it will be helpful if you can share on the next presentation what the land bank we 
have so that it will be better to calculate the NPV and secondly do we have any inventory in 
the completed project, any realization to happen? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
That I think is there in the investor presentation. If it is not there I do not have the investor 
presentation, but we routinely declare that and if it is not there we will make sure it is there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, just a clarification you have clearly said three new projects will be added this year and did 
you say that actually there are much more and the pipeline is much longer and more projects 
will be added or am I confusing something? 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, it is a bit of both. If you look at page#17 in our investor presentation. So, we have the 
forthcoming  projects. These are land which are already there. So, there are in various stages of 
approval and we are going to launch at least two or three of these in the coming quarters within 
this financial year. Within this is 5 projects long, but this also is going to get increase because 
we are adding more land, but they are not at a stage where we can say that some could be at 
term sheet stage, some could be MoU stage, some advances have gone and in real estate we do 
not support. We do not want to give a premature kind of. 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, my question was actually exactly on this slide, so on this slide# 17 let us say by the end of 
this financial year when you say 3 projects we are talking about 3 projects out of these or these 
5 will become 8? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Both will happen.  
Agastya Dave: 
Three of these projects will become available for booking and they will shift from slide 17 to 
slide 16 as ongoing project I am talking about end of the financial year.  
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Yes. 
Agastya Dave: 
So, 3 of these will shift to ongoing projects and then some new projects will get added here? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Subject to approval, but yes that is what is our operating plans and that is what we are working 
towards.  
Agastya Dave: 
Sir in the previous concall you had mentioned something about plans to double the revenue 
and what the previous investor was asking that given the visibility that we have today and what 
you did last year the 200 to 220 odd crores, so when you said in the previous concall that you 
are looking to double the size of the company, can you give some further clarity has the 
visibility on that guidance improved, have the timelines become more clear to you just any 
addition that you want to do to that? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I would only be able to give a long-range kind of answer that in the next 3 years if we have not 
doubled I would be very disappointed. So, it could be before that, it could be 6 months after 
that, but in 3 years definitely we should have doubled from our current size if not.  
Agastya Dave: 
And sir when you say double do you mean this delivery like around 200 crores to 220 crores 
which you did last year that becoming 400 is that when you mean? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Every metrics actually. 
Agastya Dave: 
Can you quantify the price increases you had previously mentioned I think two quarters back 
that the land prices were up by 40% if I am not mistaken, I could be wrong about which 
quarter you said it, but you said something about 40%, so can you again give some idea as to 
what has happened subsequently to land prices? 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, the big jump happened couple of quarters ago and maybe another 5% to 10% increase in 
the last quarter and it has been flat after the last quarter. In fact, I think see the pace of increase 
of land prices has softened. So, it was really shot up it was a flat for a number of years it shot 
up and corrected immediately after the unlock happened and then the pace of softness in the 
last two, three months we sense that it has kind of become flat.  
Agastya Dave: 
Now that this at least the first derivative has kind of changed, is it now probably more 
desirable to have land bank, a bigger land bank now because you had again said that probably 
by the time the prices of land kind of stabilize and you have confidence that the market is 
sustaining you will look to build a 3 to 5 year land bank, so are the conditions now justifying 
that kind of action from the company? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Yes we are that is why we are saying in slide# 17 we are going to add 3 more so that is going 
to be the number 1 to 5 is going to become 1 to 8 we are going to add more land and 3 of these 
will move to the other slide so it is going to come back to 5.  
Agastya Dave: 
And one final question sir obviously last 2 years were greatly impacted because of the 
pandemic and on the approval side and on the pace of construction side just the activity levels 
even though the demand was very high supply was a constraint for a variety of reasons, has 
that kind of sorted out itself, are the approvals now coming at a faster face or is it still taking 
upwards of 9 months to get approvals, is there like any bottlenecks which we were facing as a 
company, has anything resolved itself which could add in increase in pace of execution or 
launches from our side? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, unfortunately great feedback on this one. The pace of approval does continue to be slow it 
is not company specific it is what it is. So that governance how approvals are done in India and 
if you have to launch any projects you need at least 10 major approvals and another 15 minor 
ones. So, that is what takes time and that does take 6 months to 9 months there is nothing new 
to recall there that is why the 5 projects that we want to launch 3 out of these are fully paid 
land, there are no title issues, there are any confirming land areas, but still we are not able to 
launch them primarily because of approvals. There is no red flag there why approvals will not 
its just it a cumbersome and sequential procedure.  
Agastya Dave: 
One final question which I forget to ask any comments on affordability of houses in Lucknow 
segment, in the Lucknow market are you still comfortable with the affordability of properties 
there? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, our average realization this quarter was Rs. 4,300 per square foot this is very much in 
affordable range. I think I would not get worried still it reaches 5,000 and 5,500 I think there is 
still quite a lot given there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal Analytics. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
One question on the change in strategy if you have any for example in past if we look at the 
kind of saleable area that we have launched so far was usually in the range of 20,000 square 
feet then 40,000, 50,000 square feet while of late the Eldeco city we launched at a bigger size 
of 8 lakh plus square feet and 3 lakh plus square feet, so going forward the kind of projects that 
you are now looking at or as a company that you guys are now considering are these against 
similar to our 50,000, 70,000 square feet area or are we now looking to have bigger projects 
say 3 lakh, 4 lakh, 5 lakh as a single project? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
It is the later not the former. So, just to clarify our model largely is township model. Eldeco 
city was a big township by our own standard it was about 133 acres I think. Now within that 
133 acres it is like a mother project which keep skewing out broader projects. So, within that 
there is a Twin Tower project within that there is a Eldeco Dream projects, within that Eldeco 
City Breeze and GH4 and GH6 this was also within Eldeco City, but it has also as a plotted 
development components which looks large. So, going forward we are looking at aggregating 
land in the region of 20 acre to 50 acres and they would in turn add like a mother project and 
will start skewing our smaller projects when the mother project becomes mature. So, it is a 
combination of two, but largely if we are taking a standalone project I do not foresee taking 
anything less than 2 lakh to 3 lakh square feet our standalone project, but if it is a project 
which is part of mother project then of course it would be a small local shopping center within 
our township it could be much slower.  
Yogansh Jeswani: 
You did touch upon the pricing scenario and the reduction in overall inventory from an 
overhang to now a short supply could you also give some example in terms of how the prices 
are moving in the Lucknow region and what is the trajectory like going forward as per you? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
It is much like the land market have corrected upwards so has the selling prices especially in 
the segment that we are working which is row housing and plots not certain apartments. So, for 
example, our Saubhagyam project or a Twin Towers project or Eldeco City Breeze project the 
pricing have gone up by 10% to 15%, but in our plotted or row housing kind of product there 
the increase has been as much as 40% to 50% which is almost levels the increase in raw land 
prices. So that has been kind of increase in the last 12 to 18 months. In the last 18 months it 
has been about 40%.  
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Sir another question is on the construction cost given that last year has been a difficult one in 
terms of higher steel, cement everything going forward do you see that higher raw material 
affecting margins in the upcoming projects or do you think that is fairly taking care of in the 
realization that we are now charging? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Our construction cost as a component of our total sale is not more than 30% to 40%. So, even 
if it increases by 20% that is an impact of 7% to 8% in our overall scheme of things. That kind 
of price rise is transmittable to the market. So, I am not too worried about it obviously I would 
prefer a lower construction cost to a high construction cost, but we cannot help construction 
cost, we cannot help commodity prices, they are what they are, but it is not that it comprises 
80% of our cost and it is very sensitive when pricing is not so sensitive to its movement. The 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
other big movement is the rate of interest, you have not asked that question, but these are the 
two important cost for the customer to consider, but we find that in both these cases our market 
because of short supply situation it is able to any increase in cost that we want to pass on to the 
markets and also the banks are increasing rates of interest on home loans then market is 
shrugging it off as of now.  
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Sir one last question from my end so far our company has had surplus liquidity or cash, so 
going forward with the kind of projects you have in pipeline and considering these are bigger 
compared to what we have done in past so are we also open to taking on debt in this entity as 
well and growing the balance sheet or do we want to stay conservative here and not bring on 
debt in this and just continue with the cash flow.  
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Judicious capital structure is very important and not taking too much debt is a good thing in 
terms of judicious capital structure, but not taking any debt is also not a good thing to ask. So, 
we are going to be taking debt selectively. We are completely equity driven company Right 
now we are building a war chest we have been building it for the last couple of years. We have 
substantial cash surpluses which we are going to supplement with the judicious amount of debt 
not only for construction finance, but also for land acquisition. So, we definitely look forward 
to a judicious amount of debt going forward to see our growth.  
Yogansh Jeswani: 
So, any numbers that you would like to share or is it too soon at the moment? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
It depends on what kind of projects we take on and we are at time, but if it is a good enough 
project which requires so it depends in response to one of the earlier questions, I said we are 
going to add 3 more projects. I am not in a position to share further details, but the quantum is 
not yet finalized, but depending on the quantum the debt number could increase or decrease, 
but definitely I do not foresee, as of now debt equity is more than 1 is to 1 right we are at zero 
practically.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Mehta from AB Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Mehta: 
Sir I had a couple of questions so my first question would be on the collections as the 
collections for the quarter is quite flattish sequentially what can be this trend going forward? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
They were flattish because we did not have any new launches so there were basically 
collections from our old bookings and those bookings were already done so they will remain 
either flattish if we take out the three launches that we intend to do this year the collections 
will remain at this level these are 200 crore annualized rate. So, that is what it is going to be, 
but depending on what kind of projects we are going to launch this is going to go up gradually. 
I have already said what are target, for the next two years it is double than before.  
Aditya Mehta: 
I guess I missed that answer you gave, but then I would like to know the actual number of the 
peak cash flow generated during the quarter? 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I did not understand the question.  
Aditya Mehta: 
Sir what are the free cash flow generation during the quarter? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Free cash flow number I do not have that number Sanjay can you give that number if you have 
it with you.  
Sanjay Agarwal: 
As per number of collection from the customer itself and there is no known cash expenditure it 
is barely minimum depreciation. So, whatever collection is there it is operational cash flow 
only.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harmit Desai from Pendulum Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Harmit Desai: 
Sir my first question to you is could you provide a ballpark figure, your sales guidance for the 
entire fiscal in square feet? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I guess it is too early to provide that. We are trying to launch 3 projects this year. So, that 
depends on us because we do not know when we will get the approvals and when we will be 
able to launch. So, maybe next quarter we will have more clarity and we will be able to give 
you back, but it is not with me.  
Harmit Desai: 
Sir my next question to you is does the Lucknow market have enough demand? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I wanted to apologize Harmit sorry the real estate is not a quarter-on-quarter business. So, I am 
unable to actually say that when I am going to be able to launch that project, could be this 
quarter or it could be Quarter 4 that number depends upon when we are able to launch it sorry 
sir carry on please.  
Harmit Desai: 
Sir my next question to you is does the Lucknow markets have enough demand and are you 
looking at diversifying to other parts of the country just to provide a hedge against the 
Lucknow market? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I think Lucknow has enough demand or more I think it is a short supply market and it is one of 
the emerging new economics magnet of the country, just like Pune and Bangalore and many of 
these newer cities were about 20 years, 25 years ago that is a Lucknow. In my view this is 
going to grow very fast. The kind of infrastructure investment which has happened in 
Lucknow, the kind of growth the UP is seeing over the last four, five years and it is a big place, 
it is a administrative town, it is a capital city. So, it has got enough demand to sustain the 
company of us. Having said that I have already answered that question a couple of times 
earlier in this call. We are looking at consolidating our stake in the Bareilly market. So, that is 
definitely on the card and if we are not able to deploy capital within the Lucknow market then 
we will look outside also, but as of now it looks that Lucknow is big enough for us to be able 
to deploy the reserve that we have on hand and plus some debt. So, we are very bullish about 
Lucknow as of now.  

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited  
August 10,2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand it back to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I have nothing more to add. Thank you for your interest in the company and your support so I 
will see you in 3 months’ time. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
