 
Grasim Industries Limited 
Aditya Birla Centre, ‘A’ Wing, 2nd Floor, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India 
T: +91 22 6652 5000 / 2499 5000 | F: +91 22 6652 5114 / 2499 5114 
E: grasim.secretarial@adityabirla.com | W: www.grasim.com | CIN: L17124MP1947PLC000410 
Regd. Office : Birlagram, Nagda – 456 331 (M.P.) 
 
Ref No. GIL/CFD/SEC/23/090/SE 
                                                           17th August 2022
 
BSE Limited 
Dalal Street,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500300 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: GRASIM 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the Q1 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call 
held on 12th August 2022 and is available at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/grasim-
earnings-call-trancript-q1fy23.pdf.  
 
    
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sailesh Daga 
Company Secretary 
FCS - 4164  
 
Encl: as above 
 
Cc:   
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Market & Surveillance Dept., P.O. 
Box 165, L-2011   Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
Europe 
 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Depositary Receipt 
Services 
388 Greenwich Street,  
6th Floor, New York,  
NY  10013 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Custodial Services 
FIFC, 11th Floor, C-54 & 55, 
G Block  Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400098 
 
 
Sailesh 
Kumar Daga
Digitally signed by 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Date: 2022.08.17 
12:08:28 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Grasim Industries Limited 
Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                        
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. H. K. AGARWAL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. JAYANT DHOBLEY - CEO OF GLOBAL 
CHEMICALS AND BUSINESS HEAD OF VFY AND 
INSULATORS, GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. JAYANT DUA - CEO OF CHEMICAL DIVISION, 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. RAKSHIT HARGAVE - CEO OF PAINTS, 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. ASHISH ADUKIA - CFO, GRASIM INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
                                             MR. PAVAN JAIN, INCOMING CFO (15-08-2022), 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. SAKET SAH - HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
                                              
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Grasim Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
more. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saket Sah, Head Investor Relations and Head of ESG 
Reporting. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Saket Sah: 
Hello. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me just introduce you to the management team over 
here. We have Mr. H. K. Agarwal, the Managing Director. We have Mr. Jayant Dhobley, 
CEO of Global Chemicals and Business Head of VFY and Insulators; Mr. Jayant Dua, CEO 
of Chemical Division; we have Mr. Rakshit Hargave, CEO of Paints; we have Mr. Ashish 
Adukia, CFO; and we have Mr. Pavan Jain, the Incoming CFO of the company. Let me just 
pass on the call to Mr. Pavan Jain for his remarks. 
 
Pavan Jain: 
Thank you, Saket. Good afternoon to all the participants. It is my pleasure to speak to you 
all as the incoming CFO of the company. I've been part of the management team of Grasim 
for more than 20 years and have handled corporate finance, mandatory risk management and 
other related matters of the company. I'll be now closely associated with the investor’s 
community. This month marks the completion of 75 years of the company’s incorporation 
and more importantly, the birth of our beloved nation. 
 
As we start on our next phase of growth journey, the company is well positioned to take a 
leaf out from its legacy and reflect the same. As you are aware, the company has sowed 
seeds of the two new businesses, namely paints and B2B e-commerce. I would like to 
reiterate the newly added paints business will be an engine of growth to the existing 
portfolio of businesses. The B2B e-commerce foray is again a high growth business with 
less capital-intensive need. Both these businesses complement the existing lines of 
businesses within the Grasim umbrella, catering to large market and adding new set of 
customers. We started FY23 on a very strong note with record EBITDA generation at the 
consolidated and standalone level during the first quarter. 
 
Let me now share some key highlights from our businesses. Our Chlor-Alkali and textile 
businesses reported highest ever quarterly EBITDA, driven by better relation and sales 
volume. The VSF business reported a double-digit growth in the sales volume during the 
quarter on the back of strong domestic demand. The ongoing expansion in chemicals 
business are progressing well with BB Puram phase two, likely to be commissioned by 
Q4FY23, and the epoxy capacity of 123KTPA at Vilayat will be commissioned by Q1FY24. 
The 50KTPA ECH capacity also at Vilayat will get commissioned by Q1FY25. 
 
As we had promised in the previous quarter, we are sharing the CAPEX spend guidance for 
FY 23, which stand at INR 3,117 crore for the existing lines of businesses. The CAPEX for 
paints and B2B will be in addition to this. In the paints business, we are currently focused on 
the timely execution of our capacities. The civil work has commenced at four of the total six 
sites. 
 
I'll briefly touch upon the key operational and financial highlights for the quarter. The VSF 
business reported strong sales volume growth of 10% Q-o-Q and 76% Y-o-Y to 197KT on 
back of India centric demand. The recently commissioned 600TPD VSF plant at Vilayat has 
contributed 51KT to this quarter’s sales volume. The global textiles demand is currently on 
the weak footing given the lockdown imposed in major cities in China and reduced ordering 
by the U.S. and European retailers. On the pricing front, the cotton prices peaked in May ‘22 
and have soften thereafter. Just to remind you, the global cotton prices had gone up 2.5x in 
the time period of 25 months ending May ’22. The VSF business reported revenue of INR 
3,728 crore and EBITDA of INR 406 crore for Q1FY23. The VFY business reported 
revenue of INR 583 crore and EBITDA of INR 94 crore for this quarter. 
 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
Moving to Chlor business, the business reported best quarterly EBITDA, driven by highest 
ever ECU realization of 53,560 per tonne on the bank of multiple tailwinds like strong 
global caustic soda prices, weak INR, and a stable demand environment. The global caustic 
soda prices averaged higher at $769 per MT in Q1FY23 against $719 per MT in Q4FY22, 
driven by factors like supply chain disruption and higher energy prices. Chlorine realization 
remained in the negative territory with weakness in certain Chlor users industry like dyes 
and pigments. 
 
On the other hand, the demand for our captive chlorine VAPs increased Y-o-Y by 32% in 
Q1FY23 from 28% Q1FY22 on the back of higher sales of Chloromethane and water 
treatment and other sanitation products. In addition to the captive chlorine integration 
percentage, we also wish to share the total chlorine integration percentage, including the 
pipeline sales to our dedicated customers, which stands at 60%. The advanced material 
business reported a sequential improvement in financial performance on the back of better 
realization and some easing of cost pressure. 
 
As highlighted earlier, the company reported strong quarter one FY23 financial 
performance, driven by multiple factors despite cost pressures. The consolidated revenue for 
the quarter are up 41% Y-o-Y to INR 28,042 crore and EBITDA is up by 10% Y-o-Y to 
INR 5,233 crore. While at the standalone level, revenue is up by 93% Y-o-Y, INR 7,253 
crore and EBITDA is up by 69% Y-o-Y at INR 1,364 crore. On the ESG front, the company 
is working in a focused manner and making continuous progress. The company has adopted 
task force for climate related financial disclosures that is TCFD framework in FY22 to 
reflect its commitment to improve the quality of ESG disclosures. Taking cognizant of our 
ESG-related work, which is in line with the global standards, the company has been 
included in the FTSE4 good index. 
 
I would like to reiterate that given our strong balance sheet and strong portfolio mix of cash 
flow businesses, we are well positioned to harness the potential of our new businesses. I 
would like to wish you a very Happy Independence Day in advanced and now hand over 
back to the operator for Q&A.  
 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Congratulations on very good set of numbers. So, I have two, three related questions on VSF 
and then one on chemical. So, I'll start with VSF, sir, in your presentation, you have 
mentioned that our China VSF prices have improved almost 14% sequentially. So, they are 
on spot basis. So just wanted to understand because our blended realization this quarter for 
the VSF division has also improved by almost INR10 a kilo, if you can share how much of 
this price increase in the China or in the international market is already being captured this 
quarter and further to that, whether we have taken any price in Q2 as well? So, this is one. 
 
Second on the VSF side is, sir, whenever we will operate our capacities at the optimum 
levels at around 824,000 tonnes, how much pulp is already integrated and how much we are 
more planning to integrate, if you can share your thought process on the same? Sir, the third 
question on the VSF side is our specialty volumes is down sequentially. So last quarter we 
did something around 44,750. This quarter, our specialty volumes is almost around 37,500. 
So, any particular reason for the same, has the premiums narrowed down and we decided to 
switch towards more of the grey VSF production? So, these are the three questions on the 
VSF side. 
 
H. K. Agarwal: 
First question on price increase in China in the Q1, and also corresponding increase in our 
India realization also. So yes, these are related to some extent because VSF is the 
international product and all the markets are connected in many ways. China being the 
largest producer and consumer of VSF has big influence on the international price. So we 
have to be in line with what is happening in the biggest market. Now since end of last 
quarter or even in June itself, the prices started correcting in China also. So, if you are 
monitoring, then you will notice that VSF prices have softened in China also. In India we 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
have to adjust little bit, but not to the same extent, because we also don't increase to the 
same extent as price increase happens in China. So that was on the prices. 
 
And also the cotton prices have influence on the all other fibers prices. So cotton prices in 
forward have come down significantly. And they will also have some influence on the VSF 
demand and prices to some extent, not a large, but because VSF price did not increase in the 
same proportion as cotton prices. Coming to specialty volume, yes, there were some 
reduction in the first quarter compared to previous quarter. Some products are seasonal. So 
that one is one aspect. Second to some extent we had more demand for standard VSF in 
India. So we had adjusted our product mix to cater to the India demand. And in international 
market, there were some more competitive situation or some demand adjustment of 
inventory adjustment at our customer's place. So, in the export market of specialty, there 
were some reduction in the volume. So, this was on the specialty thing. 
 
And going forward, there will be some adjustment period because now recessionary fears 
are prevailing in Europe and with the cotton uncertainty and volatility, the international 
retail and brands are sitting on huge inventory because of supply chain disturbance. And 
they are now trying to optimize their inventory levels and optimizing the new orders to the 
value chain. So, this adjustment period will last this quarter and perhaps some more. So, we 
have to sit through this adjustment period and then the normalcy should return to the value 
chain in textile industry. That is on the specialty.  
So, we are now almost 35% integrated with our captive. And we have lined up long term 
supply arrangement with our regular suppliers. We have also developed some new sources 
and there were some disturbance in the pulp supply because of the force measure reason at 
one of our suppliers plant there was a fire and at another place there was serious flooding 
and the storm. So, there was some disturbance in the site, but now things are getting back to 
normal. So, we are working in the long term how to increase this pulp integration, but this is 
a long-term issue and immediately we are fine with the current arrangement. 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Okay. Based on what you just mentioned is it safe to assume that probably out of the RMB 
1,800 price increase, which have happened in China and probably some corrections over 
there some portion or maximum portion of that is already being captured in Q1 and probably 
we haven't taken any price hike after our Q1 numbers? 
 
H. K. Agarwal: 
Yes. It's like, it doesn't happen exactly RMB 1,800 in China. So, we have also exact 
corresponding thing, it doesn't work out like this. But more or less, we cannot expect price 
increase in the current environment because in China, the correction is quite severe. 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Sir one more question on the VSF side is in the presentation, in the openings slide, 
where you mentioned that we are debottlenecking our VSF capacities and we are intend to 
spend something around INR 587 crore. So, from 824,000 tonnes, which is our current 
capacity, how much addition we are intending to plan and how much time it'll take to 
complete this debottlenecking. 
   
H. K. Agarwal : 
This entire amount is not for the debottlenecking most of it is part of the residual CAPEX 
commitments for our Vilayat expansion, which has already happened and stabilized. And in 
July we achieved 100% of the nameplate capacity for the expansion. But there are some 
commitments which are not directly related with the fiber production, but ancillary is like 
environment related items or gas recovery systems, etc., they are pending. So, I think almost 
INR 350 crore of INR 400 crore is on those accounts. And the debottlenecking is small, very 
light capital light thing. And we expect to get something around 80TPD for investment of 
about INR 200 crore or so. So, this is not backed on the debottlenecking and production also 
is not expected to increase a lot compared to current capacity, this is our normal thing. We 
keep doing these things where we can find opportunity to improve production from existing 
assets, we try to maximize that. So, this is not going to be a big game changer like Vilayat 
expansion. 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. One last question, if I can ask on chemical side, and then again I'll jump back on the 
queue. Sir, our Annual Report mentioned that we are planning to add something around 390 
megawatts of renewal capacities for our chemical business. So similarly, if you can say or 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
explain us that whenever we will hit the peak production for our chemical business, 
predominantly caustic side, how our mix of power would look like, let's say, in terms of our 
own captive thermal, in terms of our own captive renewable? And how much then we have 
to be reliant on the outside power for sufficing our power requirements? 
 
Jayant Dua: 
Okay. So, I think what the report mentions is our long-term plan whereas you know in 
renewable, we really have to look at from an aspect of majority of regulatory aspect, which 
are still unfolding. Our desire output, yes, we are looking at reaching renewable to 
somewhere around 30% of our total requirement. Now the mix will continuously keep on 
changing as the regulatory environment unfolds in front of us. So, I think it'll be very 
difficult for us today to really quantify what will be the final mix. I think maybe over the 
next two or three quarters as the regulatory environment becomes more clearer in terms of 
how renewable play will happen, then we will be able to get a much clearer picture of that. 
But from a desired aspect, we've said about 30% is what we are looking at. 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
30% by 2025. 
 
Jayant Dua: 
Again, I'm not getting into a timeframe the reason is very clear, it'll be all a function of how 
regulations come across. Post regulation then you have to look at it from how you want to 
complete the whole picture. So, it might be 2025, it could be 2030, it could be ‘27. I think 
we'll keep the timeframe very nebulous as of now. 
 
Ashish Adukia: 
As a target, we've taken that we would like to achieve 30% by ‘25.  
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Navin Sahadeo from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Navin Sahadeo: 
And once again heartiest congratulations on such a record high profitability. My questions 
were about the margins as we see at least in the near-term perspective. So, as you said, 
prices have been trending down. So, if I just look at some of the VSF prices in China from 
RMB 15,500, they’ve gone down to almost RMB 14,500 or so, especially off later as in 
from let’s say mid-July to now as we speak. But we don’t see that kind of a similar decline 
in the pulp spot prices. So, wanted to understand that, is it fair to say at least from a near-
term perspective that the peak margins are probably behind and at least for the next one, two 
quarters VSF may see some sort of softness in the margins? 
 
H. K. Agarwal: 
So yes, you are very up to date on the international prices of VSF, you got on at 14,500 and 
15,500 so this is the reality, and we cannot go against the tide. So, this time pulp prices are 
important, pulp prices are not reducing in the extent, but we believe that if the VSF market 
show so much of softness and pulp prices also will have to adjust. It’s a matter of time. And 
there have been some different regions for pulp market, like supply related issues were 
more, there were some post measure situations at major merchant pulp suppliers. And as 
they get resolved and the VSF market softness, then pulp prices should also respond to some 
extent. But here other things are other than also there have been other inputs which have 
gone up very high, like caustic, sulphur, coal, and those are in the adjustment more to some 
extent like sulphur prices have come down, cold prices are also trending down. So, margins 
will remain under pressure. It will not be same, like we enjoyed in some favorable quarters, 
but yes, this adjustment has to play out. 
 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Fair and appreciate, but for chemicals then, because your press release also says like June 
exit is at $650 versus the average of $760 odd, which we recorded for the quarter. So similar 
trend in chemicals also of a sequential margin decline is expected or there, the cost relief is 
probably much more enhanced. The decline in margins may not be that severe. How should 
we look at those? 
 
Jayant Dua: 
I think, particularly in the Chlor-Alkali being electrolyzer, we are largely dependent on 
power as our largest source of cost. While we have seen on the fuel side energy prices 
getting soft, particularly on the crude side, but we haven't seen that material change yet on 
the coal. The expectation is as talking about how the world is moving along, we could see 
that. So that will have a material being on our cost side front on us. On the international 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
front, I think the entire prices, which shot up had couple of global events of the Ukraine, the 
entire supply chain becoming very, very distraught and tight. And also the COVID impact in 
China, now COVID impact in China has reduced, China started producing a lot more 
material and started giving it to international market. And yes, you're right at this point of 
time, currently we are seeing a declining trend in the international market, but the volatility 
is so much that at this point of time, I think it'd very difficult to predict on the caustic side 
what could be the margin decline for the quarter. The trend looks that it'll be tapering 
downwards, but to quantify becomes a very difficult challenge at this point of time. 
 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes. Appreciate it. Just my last question on the CAPEX bit, two parts to it. Of course, 
you've given a very nice breakup to the overall CAPEX total that we are planning to spend 
this year is over INR 3,100 odd crore. How much should we pencil in including paints as 
well as the B2B e-commerce for ‘23 and ‘24? 
 
Ashish Adukia: 
Yes, see it's very difficult for a paint ongoing project to give year-by-year guidance because 
it depends at what stage it is. There is land acquisition then followed by environmental 
clearance. Then you order for equipments, a lot of equipment are actually imported. So, 
there's lead time to that. And these are big spends, right? So, if something spills over to next 
year, it'll be a wrong guidance to give. So, we've given you a guidance of INR 10,000 crore 
project cost for pains and likewise for B2B as well as a total cost. So, it will be spread over 
that period. Till now we have spent about as we've mentioned INR 825 crore till June end 
and quarter one was INR 212 crore. And if you see quarter-on-quarter figure, it's not 
obviously evenly spread. So, it's difficult to say what that breakup would be. But of course, 
it'll be -- from now on it'll be front loaded because we've started ordering for equipment, etc. 
The construction is started in full swing in almost four sites. 
 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Okay. But safe to assume that a chunk of it, like regardless of the guidance, but a significant 
chunk may come in per se, let's say, second half of ‘23 and ‘24? 
   
Ashish Adukia: 
Absolutely right. I think that is good to assume because, given our target that we've given 
for commissioning of the capacities. 
 
Moderator: 
Now we have a next question from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. Please. Go 
ahead. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Yes, my first question is on VSF segment, we have operated utilized capacity at close to 
95% this quarter. So you mentioned that in June, we operated 100%. So next leg of 
expansion in terms of brownfield, I'm not talking about debottlenecking, but a major 
brownfield expansion maybe lined up again in parallel with the paint CAPEX which we’re 
already executing? 
   
Ashish Adukia: 
You're talking about caustic expansion.  
 
Prateek Kumar: 
VSF expansion. 
 
H. K. Agarwal : 
Yes. We would love to do that, Prateek, but for the time being that is not immediately on the 
drawing board. So, we have to see and at the same time we have to optimize and balance the 
CAPEX, debt equity, debt EBITDA and other new businesses. And this is a capital 
allocation challenge/strategy. So, yes, but sure we are aware of this situation, and we are 
continuing to develop our market and at the appropriate time, definitely we will draw the 
plans. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
And in general, I mean we operated like at 95% and for the full year, we should assume now 
we should have like an 95% utilization for VSF capacity of 824,000 for the segment. 
 
H. K. Agarwal : 
Yes, we would love to do that, but there may be some in between headwinds, like we had 
this pulp supply situation, which affected production at some of our plants for few days or 
weeks or something like that. But barring such an unforeseen situation or some severe 
market thing, because we are living in such volatile conditions. So, if things remain normal, 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
then yes, we have been always operating in high 90s or like above 90s. So that is our attempt 
and target for sure. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sure, sir. And on CAPEX, one more follow up. So, like we have given for paint INR 10,000 
crore, to be at INR 2,000 crore for B2B, but for other ongoing businesses, I mean, while you 
mentioned that this is a capital allocation question, but over FY23 to FY25, what kind of 
CAPEX which we may want to do over FY23, ‘25, and maybe what is the kind of net debt 
to EBITDA we may want to achieve? 
 
H. K. Agarwal: 
For a particular business, your question is… 
 
Pavan Jain: 
Other than paints, you are talking of other than paints in B2B? 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
No. So, I mean, frankly, I mean, by FY23, CAPEX number was not announced till now 
because it was not approved as was suggested in last call, but it appears like a bit high to us 
at least. So, like standalone CAPEX if we see over next three years, besides the CAPEX on 
paints and B2B, what kind of CAPEX we might be doing over, I mean, like VSF, chemical 
and other businesses? 
   
Ashish Adukia: 
Sure. I think, let me first explain the CAPEX that we've given out for this year. I think in 
terms of guidance, we'll continue to give the annual CAPEX rather than trying to give next 
two, three-year guidance. But you asked about this year guidance. Now Mr. H. K. Agarwal 
highlighted the three categories of CAPEX that we have in VSF, which is debottlenecking a 
small portion, the spillover of Vilayat expansion. And then the balance is modernization and 
maintenance CAPEX now modernization and maintenance CAPEX also includes some of 
the projects that we are going to take up, which are not going to be a recurring CAPEX. It'll 
be one time, for example, in the past, we've talked about carbon absorption plant, etc., to be 
put up in all our four sites of VSF. So those are large CAPEX, but that will not recur after 
once it has been put. So therefore, that figure is slightly on the higher side. 
 
In chemicals, you have eight sites and in all those sites you keep putting up either Chlor-
Alkali, which we have announced, then there are VAP projects, chloromethane, etc., that we 
have already announced, like ECH. Then the third is power, both renewable as well as in 
some places where it is critical you need to put up something to enhance the capacity. So, 
we are doing that. So those are the three categories in the main strategic CAPEX, and then 
there is maintenance CAPEX. So, these are the things that are forming part of the INR 3,000 
odd crore that you've seen. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
 Annual maintenance CAPEX is how much? 
 
Ashish Adukia: 
See, I think it varies, like I said, that environment related CAPEX may not be recurring once 
you put up a particular type of equipment, but somewhere around INR 1,000 crore to INR 
1,500 crore that range you can assume for Grasim. 
   
Prateek Kumar: 
So, we are anticipating a very large CAPEX in FY24 for paints, because we are assuming 
that in FY25, we should launch our product. And we have like INR 1,000 - INR 1,500 crore 
basic CAPEX, which we should have anyway. So next year also pretty much we should 
have like an INR 6,000 crore kind of CAPEX for Grasim standalone operations? 
 
Ashish Adukia: 
So early for us to comment when the Board approves the numbers, we will definitely share 
with you. Directionally, yes, there will be large paints CAPEX next year along with other 
CAPEX. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors Private 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, first question is on taking on this VSF margin within this quarter value added product 
was relatively low and you said that one of the factors was also seasonality softer. So ,going 
ahead if we improve this value added product, so how much can it, I mean, give support to 
our profitability? 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
H. K. Agarwal: 
VAP accounts for roughly 20% of our total sales in this quarter and our attempt is to always 
increase the VAP, volume and percentage share in our total product mix and VAP normally 
on an average on a premium in terms of pricing about 20-15% over normal standard price. 
But still, it'll take time. It is not that we can increase the VAP volume, or VAP share 
overnight. It is a very slow process because approvals by the brands and then value chain 
and all these things. And then there is a competition it is not that VAPs are without any 
competition. So, it is a long process and we have been working on developing VAPs and 
directionally we will continue to increase VAP. So, the effect will be slow, but it will be 
slow and steady. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. But some extent, I mean, in quarter-over-quarter, this quarter, particularly our volume 
was low vis-à-vis Q4. So again, to last year normal this year there will be some addition will 
be there. 
 
H. K. Agarwal: 
Yes. This year we are seeing lot of volatility in international markets, VAPs are also like 
from Grasim point of view almost 50% domestic, 50% export oriented and international 
markets are seen more headwinds in overall textile business. So difficult to say with specific 
thing that how much will be the increase or what will be the volume this year. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Coming on the chlorine, I mean, chemical side in Chlor-Alkali we say that prices are 
declining, but I understand this year, I mean, in this quarter, our captive consumption has 
increased. So, chlorine, which used to contribute little negative margin. So how do we see 
the current year? 
 
Jayant Dua: 
See our caustic integration is largely our internal consumption is on caustic side chlorine is 
all, which is either used in our own labs or produced in metochloric acid outside to our 
ancillary or sent out to the market. And chlorine at this point of time is trending on negative, 
has been for the last two or three quarters now. And interestingly, our chlorine integration, if 
I look at as a sum of all three is 60 odd percent today. And 40% is what we call is a 
merchant sale of chlorine. So, chlorine prices you've got segments like pigments and dye 
stuff, which are impacted because of the European situation where a large export happens. 
Also, so there are some positives which happen in some industries of pulp and paper has 
gone up because of the school opening where pigment and dye stuff went down, water 
seasonality is there. So, in monsoon you will see large more of sanitization product sales go 
up post monsoon, they start coming down. 
 
So that's a continuous business operation cycle, but currently I think the way we look at it is 
60% chlorine integration internal, 40% is merchant sale. Currently chlorine is running 
negative and the trend is at the moment that it continues to run negative because of the entire 
chlorine demand, which probably needs to pick up more than what it is today. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Vihang Subramanian from Zaaba Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Vihang Subramanian: 
Apologies if it's being asked before I just got disconnected in the middle. So, on the paint 
side of the business, just wanted to understand on a broad strategy perspective, what would 
be the strategy there? Like, because I mean, given that we have already two large 
incumbents, like would our strategy be based on pricing? 
 
Ashish Adukia: 
Rakshit you are on the call, would you like to take? 
 
Rakshit Hargave:  
Yes, I am on the call and I would like to answer that, obviously, when we have thought to 
enter this market, we have a specific plan, but you would appreciate that at the moment, we 
would not want to share anything about it and it is confidential. But the team is obviously 
confidently working on it. I hope that is enough. 
   
Vihang Subramanian: 
I mean, any details you could give, which would be like helpful would be like appreciate. 
 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Rakshit Hargave:  
I would really want to avoid any forward-looking statement on our strategy in terms of what 
we are going to do to keep it very proper, but obviously we have a plan and it is well 
thought out. 
 
Vihang Subramanian: 
Sure. And just from a timeline perspective, like if I understand correctly, FY25 is when we 
would be looking at some kind of revenues come through, is it? 
 
Rakshit Hargave:  
Yes. Like we disclosed last time, the last quarter of next FY. 
 
Vihang Subramanian: 
Right. So Q4FY24 then. Okay.  
 
Rakshit Hargave:  
Yes.  
 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Audukia for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
 
Ashish Adukia: 
Yes, sure. Before the closing comment, I just want to clarify one comment I mentioned on 
renewable. So renewable our target is 25% by FY30 and not 30% by FY25. So, apologies 
for that confusion. So, this is my last call. And as I hand over to Pavan I wish him all the 
luck. I've had great three years. We did some good strategic improvements. We launched not 
launched, but we incubated paints. We sold fertilizer. We are in the process of incubating 
B2B e-commerce. We've stepped up the dividend. So hopefully we've made you happy. And 
we are always here to listen to you and see how we can improve and address your concerns. 
So, thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Grasim Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
