Date: August 16, 2022 
To 
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532784 
... 
Iii 
SOBHA 
PASSION AT WORK 
To 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: SOBHA 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Stib: Transcript of the conference call held on August 11, 2022 
In continuation of our letter dated August 11, 2022, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the conference call held on August 11, 2022 with the Investors/ Analysts to 
brief the operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2022. 
We request you to take the aforesaid information on record in terms of Regulation 30 of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the same 
is available on the website of the Company. 
Yours sincerely, 
FOR SOBHA LIMITED 
U0/.A 

VIGHNESHWARG BHAT 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
SOBHA LIMITED 
REGO & CORPORATE OFFICE: 'SOSHA', SARJAPUR - MARATHAHALLI OUTER RING ROAD, BELLANDUR POST, BANGALORE- 560 103, INDIA 
CIN: L4520IKA1995PLCOl8475 I TEL: +91-80-49320000 I FAX: +9180 493204441 www.sobha.com 
=--
. 
. . 
. .. .. 
:: :: .: : 
::::: .... 

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Sobha Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2022 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY - ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAGADISH NANGINENI - MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SOBHA LIMITED 
MR. YOGESH BANSAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SOBHA LIMITED 
MR. RAMESH BABU - SENIOR VP FINANCE – SOBHA 
LIMITED 
MR. VIGHNESHWAR BHAT - COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – SOBHA LIMITED 
MR. SOUMYADEEP SAHA - HEAD OF IR – SOBHA 
LIMITED 
 
II 
SOBIIA 
• 
SOBIIA 
(I /CIC/ Securities 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sobha Limited Q1 FY2023 Results 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhidev 
Chattopadhyay. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: Good evening everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome everyone 
today to the Q1 FY2023 Results Call of Sobha Limited. From the management, we have 
with us today Mr. Jagadish Nangineni, Managing Director, Mr. Yogesh Bansal, the Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Ramesh Babu, Senior VP Finance, Mr. Vighneshwar Bhat, the 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. Soumyadeep Saha, the Head of IR. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Over 
to you! 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Thank you Adhidev for your kind introduction. Thank you ICICI Securities team for 
organizing this call. Good evening everyone and wish you all a happy Raksha Bandhan and 
advance wishes on our 76th Independence Day a momentous and proud occasion for all 
Indians and completing 75 years of Independence. My team and I are happy to interact with 
you post our first quarterly results of the financial year 2022-2023. We have already shared 
the operational update of the company in early July 2022 and the investor presentation 
based on the audited financial results adopted by the board can be downloaded from 
sobha.com. The three months of April to June 2022 quarter was an exciting one for Sobha 
on all fronts. Our teams have been working hard to hit all the operational goals of 
residential real estate, sales, new launches, collections, billing, project completion, 
handovers, design for new projects and on contractual and manufacturing front too we have 
been steady in all activities. This quarter as you would have noticed we sold more at better 
prices enabling higher performance in both volume and value. This showcases strong 
consumer confidence, higher affordability aspiration for high quality homes it also 
showcases strong brand acceptance in a competitive market. Customers seemed to have 
taken inflation in housing ownership costs in their stride. All the factors contributing to 
higher home sales like increasing population, concentration in large cities, disposable 
incomes, nuclearization of families, speedier access to finance has accelerated and sustained 
this demand. The beginning of this quarter has started with two new project launches Sobha 
Sentosa in southeast Bangalore and Sobha Victoria Park in north Bangalore, couple of 
months later we launched Sobha Royal Crest in South Bangalore with help of these new 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
launches for the first time we have achieved 1 million square feet of sales in Bangalore a 
single city in a single quarter. Additionally we added higher area into our existing project in 
Pune Sobha Nesara taking advantage of the change FAI regulations in Pune. 
On the operational front we have completed Sobha Blossom a plotted development colony 
Chennai. We received OC for the first three towers in the apartment project in Gurgaon 
Sobha City and we completed row houses in Prestige and we completed one tower in 
Dream Acres in Bangalore. I am also happy to share that we have completed the landfill 
transaction in this quarter by receiving the pending amount of about Rs.165 Crores of the 
sale of which has taken place in Q2 FY2022. Proceeds from this has helped us further in 
debt reduction. Our relentless focus on operational excellence has resulted in superior cash 
flows resulting in reducing our debt by Rs.940 Crores in the past seven quarters without any 
aid of external equity capital. We are further enhancing our capabilities operationally by 
investing in technology across functions to better integrate optimize our cost into our 
customer experience simultaneously as we scale. 
With this brief commentary I would like to hand it over to Yogesh our chief financial 
officer to give his comments on the quarterly performance. 
Yogesh Bansal: 
Thank you Sir. Good evening all. We are happy to share that in this quarter Sobha has gone 
steady improvement in sales reduced debt even further with cash flow and successfully 
launched three new projects in Bangalore. I would like to take through our sales highlight, 
during the quarter we have achieved total sales volumes of 1.36 million square feet of super 
built-up area venue at Rs.11.45 billion which is highest ever since inception. We were able 
to achieve best ever price realization of Rs.8431 per sq feet which is up by 11% year-on-
year and 4% Q-on-Q. Bangalore has seen highest ever quarter sales volume, we have 
crossed 1 million square feet mark in Bangalore as mentioned by our MD, in total 
Bangalore has contributed Rs.8.58 billion with 1.06 million square feet of sales. Pune Gift 
City and NPR region also continue to work well in Gift City we saw 43% Q-on-Q volume 
increase with the realization also moving up close to by 10% Q-on-Q sale volume and 
quarterly highest for that region. Debt reduction and cash flow highlight, as on June 30, 
2022 our net debt at Rs.21.1 billion, during the quarter we have reduced that 2.27 billion. 
Our debt equity ratio also come down to 0.84 as compared to last quarter it was 0.93, we 
have reduced our finance cost by 30% year-on-year, in this quarter our finance cost was 
58.1 Crores, our borrowing costs also in this quarter is one of the industry lower at 8.45%. 
Our MD told that in last seven quarter we have managed to reduce our net debt by 9.4 
billion, our total operational cash flow in this quarter up by 56% year-on-year to Rs.11.18 
billion, real estate cash flow up by 62% year-on-year to Rs.8.8 billion. 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Our net operating cash flow also up by 39% year-on-year to Rs.1.87 billion, we have 
generated free cash flow of Rs.2.27 billion in this quarter, out of 2.27 billion we have 
received 1.55 billion from sales monetization of land. If I briefly touch this land sale we 
have done land sale in Q2 FY2022 for 1.72 billion so out of that we received that particular 
month 115.06 Crores balance we received in this quarter and we are equalized revenue in 
that particular quarter Q2 FY2022. 
Moving to our P&L, total income for Q1 FY2023 stands at Rs.4.8 billion up by 26% year-
on-year, real estate contributed Rs.3.7 billion up by 53% year-on-year, contractor business 
at generated Rs.294 million, manufacturing region close Rs.786 million, EBITDA for Q1 
FY2023 stands at Rs.0.96 billion margin of 20%. PBT for Q1 FY2023 was Rs.0.22 billion 
up by 71% with a margin of 4%. Net profit for Q1 FY2023 stands at Rs.0.14 billion up by 
27% with a margin of 3%. I thank you all that participation and now we can open the floor 
for the question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. We take 
the first question from the line of Mr. Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Thank you so much and congratulations on good numbers and solid debt reduction. My first 
question is actually on the land side you are quite regularly selling land and raising cash can 
you give some color on what is the quality of this land that you are selling it who is it that 
you are selling to and what are your plans for future in similar area? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good evening Puneet. This particular land sale which was done last financial year, this land 
was acquired by us way back in 2004 and 2005 and for certain regulatory reasons and 
multiple ownerships we could not develop this over several years and hence this we had 
taken a call that it is better off to sell rather than continue to keep it because it did not come 
in the developable portfolio and it was in the best interest of the company to sell it and that 
is what it is. The way we are monetizing land made it very clear that we would not like to 
monetize any land which can contribute to development for us wherever development is 
possible we are in fact incrementally investing in those and wherever we clearly we see that 
there are issues which we cannot resolve or it is going to take extended time and if we get 
the right value we are deciding to hive it off but going forward I do not see any large major 
land parcels that we would like to sell unless we get a much better valuation or foresee 
similar situation where we think it is not feasible to develop so this is a large amount after 
quite a bit of time for us we have received this close to 165 Crores so which I think it is a 
one off thing but going forward like I explained it is going to be very strategic and it is not 
going to be based on any financial pressure on us. 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Puneet Gulati: 
I am just speaking from the buyers perspective what kind of use envisaging for this land? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So Buyers in this particular case Puneet, the buyer is an existing developer in Bangalore I 
think he has certain another land parcels or certain interest in and around so it makes sense 
for him to develop this as a commercial or a semi commercial and residential. I think 
largely commercial. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay and how are you looking at monetizing your land in Hosur and other areas but still 
kind of slightly far from the city centre? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So Hosur we have been in fact mentioning this that we are monetizing it through 
development in the nature of plotting or wherever possible selling it if that is not contiguous 
land which cannot be developed so we have identified a large chunk of land which we can 
develop as plots and currently we are in the permission stage which we would like to launch 
as soon as possible probably in the next couple of quarters we should be able to launch the 
Hosur project and that is one large chunk of the land that you would monetize and there are 
few other land parcels which are not really contiguous and we are actively seeking buyers 
for this smaller parcels and wherever we find the right opportunities we would do the 
monetization of those. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood and in terms of the launch pipeline you launched about 2 million square feet of 
salable area and your total pipeline plan was about 13 so should we think you are broadly 
on track launched full 12-13 million sq feet or do you think the number could be lesser? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So we have indicated in our investor presentation there is about 12.11 million square feet of 
new launches in that these are the launches that we are fairly confident of achieving in this 
financial year and in the next financial year. Out of this 12 I think another 2 to 3 million sq 
feet can easily be done in this financial year and if we are lucky then we might do far more 
depending on the timeline that usually takes for the permissions which is little bit uncertain 
but largely we should be able to do 2 to 3 million this financial year and the next financial 
year we should be able to do the largely remaining one. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir I think this line has got dropped so I am promoting the next question which 
is from the line of Mr. Girish Choudhary from Spark Capital Advisors Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Hi thanks for the opportunity. Firstly on the debt we have seen a good reduction in that the 
last 12 to 15 months so how should we think of further reduction in debt what would be our 
internal targets for let us say the next one to two years? 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
On debt reduction so the way we look at it is now going forward on a yearly basis we 
should be able to if we sustain the current volumes of sales and in terms of collection then 
we are fairly confident of generating at least about 500 Crores of free cash flow which we 
have done last year also I think going forward also it is doable before considering any land 
investment so even if you take consider 50% of it for new business development and 50% 
for debt reduction that would largely be the way we would like to move in a very long term 
we would like to keep the debt as low as possible currently the debt to equity is 0.83 
naturally even if it is not, if you maintain the debt levels at the same with the increase in 
equity I think that equity will go down in the next couple of years further but from absolute 
level also the depending on our ability to invest in the new lands we are fairly confident that 
we will either maintain the debt level or reduce it incrementally. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Got it Sir since you mentioned on the investment so how you seen business development 
from recent past we focus more on deleveraging and have not done enough deals so what 
can we expect on business development from here on? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So our business development pipeline has been robust and we have quite a few 
opportunities lined up it is a continuous process and we have not finalized any specific deal 
where we will invest large amounts but the main capital that we will allocate going forward 
for land, one is for our existing deals that we have already signed or existing lands that we 
think that incrementally to invest it will come to project level very soon so these are the first 
priority. Second priority is wherever we find the right opportunity on a joint development 
basis, third is which we are finding some opportunities where an outright purchase 
opportunities are also available, those also we are seriously evaluating some of them so I 
think a combination of these we will continue to invest. Currently we are at about 5 million 
square feet run rate of sales would like to increase it to 7 to 8 million square feet if you have 
to do that then you will have to invest at similar pace for business development we 
recognize that and that is what we would plan for in terms of cash outflow for land. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Sure I got it and then lastly in the contracts and manufacturing business the expenses have 
seen a sharp jump for Q-o-Q and Y-on-Y and we have seen negative cash flow from this 
business so any reasons why and what can we expect in medium term? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So we had just completed one of the large contract which is based in Kerala that we have 
taken recognized all the expenses towards it and that is the main cost for the increase in. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Got it. Thank you Sir. 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Pritesh Sheth from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead Sir. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Hi Sir thanks for taking my question so firstly on strong performance both on the volume 
side which we have sustained for last three to four quarters and our prices have also jacked 
up, how do you see this year overall panning out, you earlier guided for around 5 million 
square feet kind of number surely I think with this performance you can better it and thanks 
for doing also the fact that we are going to launch more projects so how do you see this year 
in terms of volume as well as value? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Beginning of the financial year Pritesh we told that our one of the goals in this financial 
year is to improve our margins because last financial year we have seen substantial increase 
in a cost of construction so given that background and also increasing interest rate costs so 
we were not clear as how the customers would absorb the new pricing and new higher cost 
of home ownership and it looks like the customers have taken in their side the inflationary 
aspects in the home ownership and that we can clearly see in the sales volume as well so 
now the confidence for us to achieve a higher numbers at these prices seems to be much 
better and we are witnessing that on the ground. All the leading indicators also suggest that 
demand seems to be robust so now going forward from this quarter to the end of the year 
we think that fairly we are able to do at least the similar numbers as what we have done last 
quarter and given that we have enough inventory and some new launches also coming up so 
I think we should be able to deliver from a volume perspective about 10% to 15% more and 
from a value perspective the pricing from last financial year overall maybe about 5% 
increase so overall I think from a sales value we should be able to do between 15% to 20% 
increase. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure great to hear that and second pricing I have seen since we give all the data I have seen 
at least Rs.500-Rs.600 per square feet kind of increase across many cities like Bangalore 
Gift city etc., so all of that is because of price hike we have taken or is it something related 
to mix as well so just you can quantify the amount of price hike that you have taken on like 
for like basis in this quarter? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So it is a combination of two factors Pritesh actually first it is absolute price hike which we 
have done during the quarter, actually the price hike really gets reflected over a period of 
time if you see because the sales mix of the project one can see that the price realization 
between last Q1 FY2022 to Q1 FY2023 there has been an increase of 10.5% but in the last 
quarter specifically we have hiked largely in Bangalore the price hike has been between 4% 
to 6% across some of the projects, the second factor is also that some of the apartments or 
the villas or the plots that we have sold earlier, but we could not conclude the transaction so 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
we have cancelled those and we booked at the new price so that also it is a smaller volume 
sometimes in the other cities it reflects a higher realization so both these if you look at it 
then it contributes to higher prices. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it and one last on launches I mean you have had two million square feet of new 
launches but apart from that any area which we released from the existing projects if you 
can quantify that and how should we see that going forward in this year like how much of 
the launches would come from the ongoing projects where area is yet to be released for 
launch? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So Pritesh we have about 30 million square feet of combination of unreleased inventory so 
of that about you can say unreleased we typically do not again mention it as a new launch 
but that is about 6.5 million square feet of that we based on the phase of the sale we will 
release it during this financial year but I think I do not have the exact number of how much 
we will be able to release that will entirely depend on the case of sale each of these cities 
but they are available for us to be launched at any point of time so it is not contingent upon 
any kind of approval so it entirely depends on the day we sell in the coming months. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it fair enough that is all from my side and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Kanodia from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Good evening Sir, congratulations on the very good set of numbers. Sir I have two follow 
up questions on the basis of the questions asked by previous participants so one is you 
mentioned that in case of Bangalore you have taken 4% to 6% price hike so what is the 
price hike that you would have taken across region and at the blended portfolio level? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good evening Nikhil, like I mentioned earlier the price hike that we have done during this 
quarter is in Bangalore is between 4% to 6% in various projects but it does not get reflected 
in the price realization because of the sales mix that happens across various projects, old 
projects, new projects so hence it looks like the price increase is not as high as what it is. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay so you mean to say blended level it is very negligible thing so there is no reporting in 
that case? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
I mean if you look at the price hike like for example we have launched a new project right 
in Bangalore so there is no corresponding price hike for them so that is why it becomes a 
little tough to see what exactly the price hike is. 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay Sir fair enough understood and Sir you mentioned about your launch pipeline around 
12.1 million square feet so in that case also is it possible to quantify what is the pipeline 
region wise like in case of Bangalore, what is the number of projects and the area that is 
there for the launch pipeline? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
It is already given in investor presentation in slide #17 but if I have to just reiterate it 
Bangalore has about 6.5 million square feet and rest of it distributed across various cities. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay Sir those are my questions and best of luck. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Dhruvesh Sanghvi from 
Prosperotree. Please go ahead. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Sir hi congratulations for a good set of numbers and I have a couple of questions one is 
when we just see it from a slight past let us say somewhere around pre-COVID times or 
when the ex-CFO and ex-MD were there whenever the questions related to debt or debt 
reductions were asked, there was never comment about absolute level and there is a 
welcome change that you are positively commenting about absolute debt levels as well not 
just ratios so very welcome on that but what has led to this big mindset changes it just you 
versus the old guy or there is a management board level thinking that considering COVID 
and the kind of disruption we saw we should not get into such sort of situations ever again if 
you can just give some rationale around that. 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good question Dhruvesh, this is a combination of several factors but one I would say that 
one of the biggest factors was also COVID because when such an event has happened 
which is very clearly visible for us that any kind of uncertainty of this scale can really put 
us in situations which are very tough to handle and ideally we would like to avoid in future 
that is one so overall as a management we have taken a call that this is something that needs 
to be addressed and hence we have worked upon it and second is given that this is one of 
the goals and strategically it so we have operationally enabled it by through reviews and 
also continuous focus on both inflows and outflows and a tight control on all the aspects of 
it so that both these combination we have achieved. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Thanks a lot so other from a story point of view when I think aloud like this that okay are 
we a premium builder the answer is yes, are we building ourselves the answer is yes in fact 
we are making doors and bricks also not just building as a contractor additionally we 
provide value added services in terms of furniture and other thinking on that area in addition 
to that our sales through agents are very low versus the competition and we are repaying 
debt and our cost of borrowing is much better versus a lot of unorganized players but then 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
when we see our margins I mean everything is in our favor but still margins are very poor in 
the listed space or the organized market space and I understand that there is the accounting 
aspect to it that what we sold just two to three years back if not getting reflected in the next 
one to three years but can you give us some sense on how we should look at margins and 
how they are low and I also understand the mix between the PC versus the real estate space 
so really cutting to the real point that there is a lot of overheads that we have as an 
organization, which a lot of other people do not have so is there answer in the form of only 
volumes or there is an absolute possibility of saving a large amount by operational 
management and there has been a lot of focus after you have come on the word operations 
focus processes checklist etc., so am I thinking correct and some guidance on this area. 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Another good question in order to understand the current margins or past margins and 
probably the near term future margin, we will have to look at the environment in which we 
operated in the last five to six years where the real estate as a sector where facing a lot of 
headwinds and in the recent past there has been a lot of cost increase also so specifically 
this has affected our projects where we have undertaken and in the form of joint 
development where as the cost increase for us and the realization is the same then it does 
impact some of the margins that part whether it will affect in the future also it will be till 
such time where we have we will recognize income where the joint development projects 
are getting completed but in future it looks to me like we have been able to increase our 
pricing probably we are trying to optimize our cost on all aspects and hence there should be 
definite change and improvement in the market so the overall backward integration model 
that we have seen that will no doubt will help us in future. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sameer Baisiwala  from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead Sir. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Thank you so much and good evening Sir my first question is on the contractual business 
what is the outlook over here and what is the current pricing that you are quoting? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good evening Sameer outlook on the contractual and manufacturing business, it continues 
to remain the same but we would actively seek opportunities in the space where margins are 
well protected and the counterpart is equitable client and we also operate only in 
institutional and commercial so given that space we continue to seek opportunities there so 
there is no shying away from seeking out new opportunities. So second question you had 
was what is the pricing so the pricing essentially what we are trying to see is the learning 
from the past experiences seeing if we can reduce our risk on some of the commodity prices 
better than what we have done earlier in the past contract we are trying to see if we can 
achieve that but otherwise rest of the day function will continue to remain. 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay but Sir how does the pipeline look like for this business will you be going back to the 
same volume that you were doing pre-COVID or it is going to take some time? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Pre-COVID Sameer we had mix of both Infosys and non-Infosys contract right and Infosys 
was a reasonably large vertical but for post COVID I think Infosys itself is not developing 
new campuses and hence the capex that provided by then for building out a new building is 
become lower and hence from perspective a large part of that business has reduced but 
however if you look at we have been steadily building our other clients business and the last 
couple of years of course because of COVID we are not able to execute some of the projects 
but we have a reasonable pipeline to achieve good topline in terms of contractual business 
so if you specifically ask if we have a order book for this we have a reasonably good order 
book for these we have closed about 500 Crores of order book which we will have to 
execute in the next year and year-and-a-half along with this we are aggressively picking out 
new opportunities so I think we will be continuing to build that pipeline. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay and just one the new launches have you launched that project on 26 acre parcel yet 
Dream Makers or that is not one of those three launches? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
That is another launch Sameer which is of about 3.3 million square feet that is not part of 
the launches that we have done that I think is current we hope to do that launch by first 
quarter of next financial year if we are lucky then probably we can get this year too. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay and just a quick clarification you mentioned I think 4% to 6% price increase across 
projects in Bangalore but this is for the old project right? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
That is correct. 
Moderator” 
Thank you Sir. We take the next question from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead Sir. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Hi thanks for taking my question. One on the various geography is outside Bangalore so I 
wanted to check that in Kochi we have seen that sales momentum has come down quite a 
bit so what is the reason for that and the outlook there and secondly in Gurgaon when are 
we expecting the next project launch to happen there? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good evening Abhinav so with regard to the first question Kochi and in some couple of 
other the cities in Kerala that is Calicut this quarter what we have done is we have actually 
seen wherever their customers who have not been paying for some time we have cancelled 
those units and hence it looks like that the performance in Kochi and in fact if you look at 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Calicut it is negative number so these looks like you have not done well but new sales have 
been in the similar range is what we have been doing earlier but these cancellations affected 
a reported sales numbers and coming to the Gurgaon launch we have one project which is 
Karma which we have signed up for some time back so I think that we are going ahead in 
terms of the next steps in terms of permissions so I think we will get clarity for that in the 
next quarter or couple of quarters timing of which it will be clear so we think that if we are 
lucky then we can do it this financial year or it might go to the next financial year. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay so even without Gurgaon down and these cancellations in Kerala, you are still hopeful 
of that 15%-20% Y-o-Y sales growth and that is largely Bangalore is it this year? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Yes Abhinav we are not counting a new launches from Gurgaon but there is existing 
inventory in Gurgaon which needs to be released in Sobha city and there is some inventory 
in International City so that I think is a reasonable inventory to cater to be projection of 
sales that we have for this Gurgaon and for other cities now they have about 300,000 square 
feet in Pune and we have enough inventory in city and in Chennai and in Kerala so if these 
perform even similar or slightly better than last financial year then I think we should be able 
to do the numbers that I have for indicating. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Sure thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We take the next question from the line of Parvez Akhtar Qazi from 
Edelweiss Securities. Please go ahead Sir. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Good evening and congratulations for a great set of numbers so my question is with regards 
to our future launch pipeline what is the status of approvals and you said that you are fairly 
confident that you will be able to do another 3 million square this here and then rest 
depends on launches so what is the status of approvals on this launch pipeline? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Parvez for the launches that we are planning to do this financial year so most of the one 
which I had indicated about 2-3 million square feet those are in fairly advanced stage and 
we should be able to do it in the next couple of quarters wherein probably we are couple of 
steps away from applying to radar but otherwise the remaining ones are at also where we 
have already designed it we have applied for the building plan approvals or the initial 
licensing requirements so those also some of them will take a little bit more time because 
some of the projects will require environment clearance so and those will come in the 
subsequent financial year. 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
But is it fair to assume that this entire 12 million square feet will get launched over FY2023 
and 2024? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
To large extent yes. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Sure thanks that is it from my side and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Mohit Agarwal from IIFL. 
Please go ahead Sir. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on you talked about business development 
now geographically are you going to expand more into Bangalore or you are looking at 
newer markets any specific new market that you are looking at from a business 
development perspective and the second part of that question is on the entire business 
development competitive intensity in Bangalore now everyone existing players seem to be 
getting aggressive we also see newer players coming into Bangalore and they are also 
talking about aggressive expansion so how have you seen the land pricing or JV partner 
expectations moving there? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good question so I will take the second question first is in Bangalore that is where we have 
much better advantage because we have it is our pipeline or our land bank comes into a 
significant advantage, it gives significant advantage to us because our ability to 
incrementally invest in our existing land bank and launch will give us enough leverage to 
wait for the right kind of opportunities and investing them that is one. Second is since we 
have been present for a long 27 years in Bangalore and operating here the kind of 
opportunities through the existing relationships that we get are always I think better than 
probably newer players that will come into the city so regional the real estate is a regional 
play so it will take for any new player to time to settle down and expand that is applicable 
even for us when we go to a new market. Having said that it is very clear that Bangalore as 
a market is one of the best markets for us both in terms of a great indent with demand and 
also our own and also the new transactions of the deals that we are looking at so we will 
continue to invest in Bangalore because as we have seen that this quarter we have done a 
million square feet in the first one so the market size is a large we have good experience 
here up for last 27 years and we should continue to invest in this market. Now going to the 
other cities and other markets we think that there are two or five locations which can 
sustainably but for demand for residential housing that is a Hyderabad, Pune, NCR and 
Mumbai so apart from Chennai of course so these are the places which are of interest to us 
we are evaluating opportunities and all our priority will be in the operating locations where 
we are already present so in NCR, Pune and Hyderabad we are going to launch a new 
SOIH I A 

 
 
 
Sobha Limited 
August 11, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
project so these will be our first protocol but if there are any good opportunities in Bombay 
also we will be willing to look at it so we are evaluating all these opportunities 
simultaneously and picking out the best return for us. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Sure and my second question is your thoughts on so we have land bank which is not city 
centric so on that land bank are you open to evaluating doing like a warehousing or a data 
center wherever you see that demand for that is there something that you see as an 
opportunity there? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Absolutely that is an opportunity we can evaluate at an appropriate point, the current focus 
in those land banks has been that you like to consolidate those so there are certain prophets 
which can make the land farmer valuable and also developable so that is our current focus 
and once that is done probably it might take a year couple of years depending on the kind of 
opportunities we get to consolidate that because there are all small landholdings sometimes 
can create longer timelines so we are addressing those once that is done then at that time 
then we will post take a call whether to do something like warehousing or we can develop it 
as a farm house plotting or plots, residential whatever is the best views at that point of time. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Can you quantify or can you give some color on what are these land parcels that you are 
identified or where there is potential like how big this could be or and what are the 
timelines around that? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
As you might have seen in land bank, we have large land parcel in peripheral areas of 
Bangalore and Hosur, in Chennai so these are the first one we are addressing so the 
timelines and magnitude we will be able to give better clarity as we work on that and I am 
not able to divulge the complete details at this point of time. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Okay sure thanks a lot that is also my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for the day I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Thank you all for participating in the call and patiently hearing. We believe we are 
structured far better both financially and operationally to address the sustained demand in 
construction industry. This enables us to execute the discipline growth in the coming years 
with that I wish you all a very happy long weekend. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
SOIH I A 
