ys,fus
August L6,2022
Scrip Code: 543528
ISIN No: INEOJAOOlOlS
Symbol: VENUSPIPES
Subject: Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2O15 - Transcript of Earnings Call
Dear Sir/Ma'am,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the
Earnings Call held on August 10,2022, post announcement of financial results of the
Company for the quarter ended as on June 30, 2022. The audio recording of the
Earnings call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the Company's website
http__s_; / I g4ya1g, yg"nu spip 9 s : c_o_m :
This is for your information and record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For VENUS PIPES & TUBES LIMITED
@by
CS Pavan Kumar Jain
Company Secretary and
Membership No. A66752
Manufacturer of Stainless Steel seamless and welded pipes I Tubes I U-Tubes
on ISO 9001:2015, 14007:2075 ond 45001:2018,
PED 2014/68/EU, ADW / AD 2000 - Merkblott w0 ond tBR certified compony
To, 
I To,
BSE Limited 
I National stock Exchange of India Ltd
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
I Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/ 1, G Block,
Dala1 Street, Mumbai - 400001 
| eandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051
,l
Venus Pipes and Tubes Limited (Formerty known as ienus pipes and Tubes pvt Ltd)
Survey No. 23312 &23417, Bhuj - Bhachau Highway, Village - Dhaneti, Kutch - 370020, Gujarat - lndia
+91 7048898899 I +91 7048897799 I info@venuspipes.com I www.venuspipes.com
CIN No. U74140GJ2015P1C082306

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Venus Pipes 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. PALLAV AGARWAL - ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN KOTHARI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CFO – 
VENUS PIPES 
MR. DHRUV PATEL – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR - VENUS 
PIPES  
MR. KUNAL BUBNA – PRESIDENT FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS 
- VENUS PIPES  

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Good day ladies and gentleman and welcome to Venus Pipes Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company which are based on the belief, opinions, and expectations 
of the company as on date of this call. These statements do not the guarantee the future 
performance of the company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Pallav Agarwal. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Thank you Mitchell and good afternoon everyone and welcome to the 1Q FY2023 Venus Pipes 
results conference call. We have the senior management represented Mr. Arun Kothari – 
Managing Director and CFO, Mr. Dhuv Patel– Whole Time Director and Mr. Kunal Bubna – 
President Finance and Accounts on the call with us today. So I would now like to hand over the 
call to Mr. Kothari for his opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Arun Kothari: 
Good morning. Welcome to everyone on the first earning call for Venus Pipes and Tubes 
Limited. First and foremost I hope that you and your family members are safe during this 
difficult times of COVID., Along with me I have Mr. Dhuv Patel our Whole Time Director and 
Mr. Kunal Bubna President Finance and Accounts and SGA our investor relations advisor. To 
begin with I would like to thank and congratulate all the stake holder, investor, bankers, and 
business partner for helping us achieve a mile stone of getting listed on the Indian Stock 
Exchange. We were delighted to see such a strong response for our IPO. Since this is our first 
call allow me sometime to take you through Venus Pipes and Tubes Limited, it’s journey  so far, 
broad industry update and strategy going forward. Followed by this we will operational financial 
highlight for the quarter and we can open the floor for question and answer. We have also 
uploaded our latest investor presentation on the stock exchange and I hope everybody had  a 
chance to go through the same. We are the manufacture and exporter of stainless pipes and tubes 
in India based out of Kutch Gujarat. we make versatile product while having usage in several 
industry like power, food processing, aerospace, fertilizer, paper, pharmaceutical and chemical. 
Yet the facility is located in Dhaneti near to Kandla and Mundra port which is one of the major 
port of North India. It gives us a logical advantage. Today we export over 20 plus country and 
out of total clients we serve 58 are fortune 500 companies. Our products contain seamless, 
welded, and heat exchanger and hydraulic tubes and pipes. I am proud to tell you that we are 
compliant with the international standard and certified by ISO, IBR, and TUVS200. Our quality 
check is extremely stringent which is the reason why we  could make prestigious client such as 
Adani, Asia Paints, Amul, BHEL , Cipla, Godrej, SP, ISRO, L&T, Tata, Voltas and many more. 
Going forward there is much more growth to look at India as the second largest steel producer in 
the world. Not only demand comes from a diversified set of sector but also from primary users 
like chemical, oil and gas and pharmaceutical all three which have a huge potential due to 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
government initiative and scheme announced. In such scenario our growth strategy is to occupy 
more market share by expanding our capacity from a total of 12000 MPA TO 25600  MPA. 
Especially we like to mention that our increased capacity will increase our present basket in 
verified segment up to 48 inch dia pipe and seamless segment up to 8 dia pipe. We are 
manufacturing welded type segment up to 8 inch dia pipe and seamless segment up to 4 inch dia 
pipe. In addition we will also make 9600 MPA of seamless over pipe by fitting a piercing line. 
This  backward integration will benefit not only the cost structure but will eliminate the risk 
associated with raw material imports and this capex will be built on 45690 square meter of 
surplus land on our existing facility. Our other plans are to increase our geographical presence by 
leveraging our existing relationship with traders, distributors and market representative globally. 
Not only this we are also planning to install an acid regeneration  plant for lower consumption of 
acid in the manufacturing process. This has both ecological and economical advantages for us. 
To set up Venus as a stronger brand both domestically and globally we have planned various 
brand building activity. Now I am handing over to Mr. Dhurv Patel our technical director who 
will brief about the technical details and for the existing and expansion project of the company. 
Dhruv Patel: 
Good afternoon everyone I will be briefing about the capacities and the present project status of 
Venus. So Venus started in December 2015 with initial capacity of 200 metric tonnes per month 
only for the welded pipes and over a period of time the capacity had been increasing each year. 
At present our total capacity is around 1000 metric tonnes per month where welded pipes 
contribute to 700 metric tonnes and seamless pipe contribute around 300 metric tonnes per 
month. I like to brief you all about the present project status so the orders have already been 
placed for major machineries like slitting line, for 358 plants, the piercing mills and further we 
propose to start new seamless division and the slitting line by the fourth  quarter of FY2023 and 
the balance plant will be commissioned in the first quarter of FY2024. I would also like to brief 
you about the expanded capacity. Currently as I told you that we have 700 metric tonnes capacity 
for welded per month and for seamless we have 300 metric tonnes per month so it is totally 
around 1000 metric tons per month.Post expansion we will be having the seamless capacity of 
around 800 metric tonnes per month and 1300 metric tonne per month will be for welded and 
further 900 metric tonne per month for seamless with the backward integration which will be self 
consumed. In this year we participated in many exhibitions like Globus Stainless Steel Expo in 
Mumbai and we also participated in international fair in Germany which was in Dusseldorf - the 
wire and tube expo and further we will be participating in Stainless Steel World in Maastricht, 
Netherlands in September and now I am handing over the call to Mr. Kunal Bubna who is our 
president finance and accounts for operational and financial highlights of the quarter. 
Kunal Bubna: 
Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to our earnings conference call. We have uploaded 
our latest investor presentation on stock exchange for Q1 FY2023 results. I hope everybody had 
an opportunity to go through the same. On the revenue front, revenue from operation from Q1 
FY2023 stood at 113.6 Crores as compared to 81.1 crores in Q1 FY2022, a growth of 40% year 
on year basis. Revenue bifurcation for the quarter was 60.3 Crores for welded, 34.8 Crores for 
seamless and 8.5 Crores from others. Our exports in two are at  12.4% for this quarter versus 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
5.9% of Q1 FY2022. The dependency on stock has gone down from 43.77% to 32.2% as we 
compare with FY2022 with Q1 FY2023. Domestically Gujarat has been top contributor but 
revenue from other states has also gone up giving us better access across region. EBITDA stood 
at Rs.14.5 Crores as against 9.3 Crores in Q1 FY2022 a year on year growth of 55%. EBITDA 
margin is up by 120 basis point. PAT for the quarter is Rs.9.1 Crores as compared to 6.8 Crores 
in Q1 FY2022 a growth of 34%. On the banking side in FY2021 end we have changed our 
banker. We introduced SBI as our banker and baring  the working capital with earlier bank was 
30 Crores fund based and 22 Crores non fund based apart from the term loan. This 52 Crores was 
internal change with SBI. The limit with SBI is fund-based 45 and Non fund based 7 and total 
loan was 52 Crores. So basically 52 Crores earlier was 30 Crores fund based and our working 
capital is Rs 22 Crores, which was changed to 45 Crores with fund based and non fund based by 
7 Crores with SBI. Our loan in balance sheet as on March 2022 will be increased because of 
conversion of non fund to fund based facility. apart from that a brief on  the working capital 
cycle is around 90 days for stock with raw material around 60 to 55 days for debtprs and near to 
30 days for creditors. so it is a net working capital cycle of around 120 days which is again lower 
than other peers. Just to update further capacity added to this quarter which is basically in June 
2022 which will result in increase capacity for welded piple 100 MT per month starting July 
2022 onwards. Just to brief you on the utilization face. from IPO we have utilized 57.71 Crores 
so far till June 30, 2022 and the major part of the money was spent on financing of capex, 
meeting the working capital requirement and also IPO expenses. Our capex funds are on track 
and some capacity would be operational by January 2022 and some part by  FY2024. The 
demand scenario going forward with robust and we are optimistic for a growth trajectory. We 
have profitability in the wake of synergy aid on by our capacity expansion plan. With this I 
would like to open for Q&A round. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Prithvi Finmart. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Hello Sir. Sir my question is related to our capex plan. Can you reiterate our capex plan or what 
is the total capex and break up on welded pipes and seamless pipes and backward integration 
manner and what is the time of completion of this project,  when the project will start. This is my 
first question. 
Kunal Bubna: 
For welded pipes the current capacity is 700 tonne a month and we are expanding it by another 
600 tonne for a month so the total capacity post expansion will be 1300 tonne a month. plus to 
mention here currently we are manufacturing 8 inch dia welded pipe with expansion we would be 
manufacturing up to 48 inch dia pipe so it would be increase of 600 tonne a month for welded 
pipe for normal capacity and it will also increase basket for the company going ahead. for 
seamless we currently 300 metric tonne a month and in the expansion we would be increasing by 
500 tonne a month so the total capacity post expansion would be 800 tonne a month plus for 
seamless is currently 4 inch dia post expansion we would be manufacturing up to 8 inch dia pipe. 
so if you look the total capacity currently is 1000 tonne a month taking both welded and seamless 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
in blended basis. If you increase to 2100 per month with the expansion capacity in place and I 
also forget to mention here we are putting a backward integration for seamless pipes where we 
will be manufacturing hollow pipe and that capacity would be 900 tonne a month which will add 
value additions at margins to the bottom line and in regards to starting of this project for piercing 
and we target the fourth quarter of FY2023 and for that welded A358 welded line project we are 
targeting first quarter of FY2024. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So seamless will come in 2023 and this will in 2024 and backward integration will come. 
Kunal Bubna: 
In the fourth quarter of FY2023 only along with piercing. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Sir can you give the breakup of this capacity. How much it will cost? 
Kunal Bubna: 
It is basically 108 Crores we  have targeted for this expansion, so basically welded, and seamless 
and piercing has a major component for it and apart from it there are some high quality and 
machine apart from that there are some acid regeneration plant where  in our current facility in 
the pickling process we use some acid that would be regenerated and used so it will be more 
economic friendly and saving on account of chemical would be there and apart from there will be 
few ancillary machines  to support this entire expansion. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
And how confident we are that whatever capacity expansion we are doing that will get absorbed 
quickly and we can have the full utilization by FY2025. 
Kunal Bubna: 
See we cater to varied number of sectors if you see so we cater to chemical, we cater to 
engineering we cater to fertilizer, we cater to paper, power, food processing, oil and gas so there 
are multiple number of sectors  we cater and the uses of pipe are threefold basically it is basically 
used for the new projects, another is for replacement and third is for repair and maintenance. so 
there is basically threefold demand in varied number of sector we cater so it gives us, type of 
business for the year and apart from that we are going on adding sector. If you can see paper was 
very nominal percentage but in the last April for 2023 first quarter paper factor was increased to 
4% so we are adding sector. Our export sales which was earlier on a lower side, it was around 
12% for the first quarter of FY2023 so we are also increasing on front of export to keeping varied 
number of sector giving the export market also export has increased from 5.94% from first 
quarter of FY2022 to 12.4% for 1Q of FY2023 so keeping all this thing we very much believe 
and we are much of course those demands are there. We are qualified for so many of the project. 
We supply to ample industry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Shah from GC Investments. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Shah: 
Good afternoon Sir and congrats on steady set of numbers. Sir couple of questions. Firstly Sir are 
we sharing the total volumes for the quarter and corresponding quarter of previous. 
Kunal Bubna: 
On the volume front it was basically flattish for this quarter as compared to the last quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Nirav Shah: 
And we are more than doubling our capacity from the current number to 25,000 plus tonnes per 
annum. so in terms of ramp up how do you see that capacity utilization going up over the next 
two or three years, I mean how quickly are we targeting that.and another question related to this 
is continuing from the previous participants question, in terms of exports how do you see the mix 
changing when we are using our capacities on optimal basis. At those levels say in FY2025 OR 
2026 what could be the share of exports and the s stockiest/  traders. What is the kind of switch 
that we are seeing over there? 
Kunal Bubna: 
See from the capacity ramp up as I said we would be coming from piercing plant in Jan to March 
2023. definitely that usage  would be very low as  we would be starting on that quarter only. but 
if you look at FY2024 we could pre-dominantly believe around 40 to 50% could be the capacity 
utilization from the new capacity and FY2025 would be the year where this capacity would be 
utilizing to a maximum extent which can go up to 70 to 75% for FY2025. and as you said what 
would be the contribution going ahead because from export and other I would like to say we are 
seeing a good traction in export so we believe going ahead it should be around 20 to 25% for 
export, traders/stockiest is around 32% in this quarter but we believe it should be around 20 and 
the balance would be for that. 
Nirav Shah: 
Okay so can we say this gets over by FY2025. 
Arun Kothari: 
We are increasing our product basket basically so number of existing clients require bigger size 
of different type of pipe so we will able to market to our existing client also for new capacity 
utilization we can go on faster basis since we already have existing client in different sizes. 
Nirav Shah: 
This is more question related to the industry I mean what is the import scenario that we are seeing 
as it reduced materially over the last 2 years which can aid our faster ramp up. 
Kunal Bubna: 
It is right. there are good increase in import and this will definitely help us to cater our increased 
capacity as we said for welded  we would be adding 48 inch dia pipe where in the country it will 
be very few number of manufacture for this. so those import of higher sizes would be catered by 
us so import will definitely help us in increasing our share in the Indian market. 
Nirav Shah: 
Thanks for answering my questions and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Edelweiss Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Good afternoon Sir and thanks a lot for the opportunity. Just couple of questions from my end 
which could be basic, is there any seasonality in your business that we see generally on quarter 
on quarter basis, is there any strong quarter that you generally have with respect to your 
business? 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Arun Kothari: 
No seasonality is there in our business. As I said we see full demand for our product. First is 
basically for the new project, second is for the replacement because in the sector where we cater 
sugar, chemical the nature of the industry they need to replace their pipe over some period of 
time and the third would be end users for repair and maintenance and the type of business where 
the order flow throughout the year so in our product and our line of business and as we said we 
cater to 10, 12 number of factors like chemical, fertilizer, pharma, food processing, oil and gas, 
aerospace so as such there is no seasonality in our business. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood Sir and is there any order book that you have maintained given that you have coming 
out with higher diameter where the limited number of players already existing is there any order 
book that is already created or in general do you have any order book which is there from time to 
time let us say to repairs and maintenance or replacement part which is more of a certain demand. 
Arun Kothari: 
It is very tough to identify those buckets basically but it is internal assessment what we gather 
from the clients for replacement but to be right repair and maintenance very nominal  it is more 
of projects and replacement based on cater to our order book and we try to maintain an order 
book around three months horizons and as you said for the higher size we are currently also 
getting purchase and supplying to our customer. Suppose we get an order of 8 inch and we also 
get an order along with that for some higher size of various pipe so we currently also supply so 
that we can build up our clientele for those categories and we are doing this. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood Sir and one last if I may just squeeze in. We are catering so many segments which is 
the area where you are seeing very high demand is it example chemicals or is it engineering 
where do you see the next 2 to 3 years or which are the segments which are going to be major 
growth drivers. 
Kunal : 
See the sector we see is chemical, it is engineering, it is paper industry, it is sugar and ethanol 
these are the predominant sector we see and fertilizer where there are good number of demand 
and from engineering prospective just to give you. it was one of the leading EPC consultant for 
oil and gas. Oil and gas could be again the sector. It is one of the leading large scale EPC 
contract. We have Technic India Limited this is again leading engineering and technology 
company. We have a German client where acid and tubes are required. In chemical we add Asia 
Paints in FY2022. For sugar we added Rana Group and engineering we added ISGEC Heavy and 
Tata Projects so there are varied number of sectors even in chemical engineering, oil and gas and 
paper and fertilizer should be the predominant industry going ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood Sir. Thanks a lot and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chedda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Sir I have few questions. One is what the current capacity utilization that we are running at. My 
second question is how much time will it take for you once the new capacity comes which you 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
are mentioning as quarter four and quarter one. How much time does it take for you to stabilize 
and run this capacity? 
Kunal : 
See the current capacity utilization is around 90% for both welded and seamless pipes and in 
relation to the upcoming capacity we have said we are trying to cater to number of sectors  and 
we are supplying higher size of welded pipes and all so we are building up the market for that but 
those capacity will be coming FY2024. Those capacity would be not to ramp up entirely but it 
will be utilized to around 50% and going ahead with FY2025 it will be predominantly used to a 
good extent. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
So the incremental capacity you are saying will be utilized 50% in FY2024 and 75% in 2025. 
These capacities are plug and play? Does it take any time to stabilize? But in the seamless side at 
least it takes some time to stabilize or it is plug and play? 
Kunal : 
That is why I said for seamless as you said you are right we started in January and we are 
targeting Jan 23 to March 23 where it will be definitely a slightly buffering period but it is not 
that much as critical in capacity and solution. One to two months is basically the period which 
will lead to a new development but apart from that we can easily ramp it up from there. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
My other question is on the margin side with the backward integration which is obviously the 
piercing line for the hollow pipe and in the acid generation plant what kind of margin addition is 
possible from this backward integration. 
Kunal : 
For seamless as you said with backward integration with some higher sizes I guess so those 
definitely would be around going ahead it will be around 400 to 500 basis points. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Which is at the company level or at the seamless level? 
Kunal : 
This is basically at the seamless level and for welded it would be around 250 to 350 basis point or 
400 basis points. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
So company level is also 400 basis points?  
Kunal :                              Ya 
Pritesh Chedda:               Sir the other question what will be your peak debt and with backward integration can be there any 
changes in working capital cycle. 
Kunal : 
See Sir as I said we are currently having a net working capital cycle of around 120 days. The 
peak debt   is around 58 to 70 Crores currently but this piercing line and going a project there can 
be some requirement of working capital. It would be not substantially high but it would be there. 
and the cycle basically can increase up to 30 days as you compare to our peers they are also 
running at 150 to 170 days so it would be definitely increased to 20 to 40 days. 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Okay so working capital cycle increases basically. 
Kunal : 
Slightly it would be increasing. 
Arun Kothari: 
We are going in the backward integration so we have to increase the inventory level which will 
give the effect in EBITDA level so since overall capacity is also going to increase. Present 
capacity is 12000 metric tonnes per annum which will go up to three fold with the backward 
integration. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
I understood Sir. I just wanted to know with  the process change because you must be using 
hollow pipe now you start using billet so will be there increase in working capital. You said it wil 
increase from 120 to 150 days and this 400 bps of margin expansion do we start seeing at 50% 
capacity utilization level or we see it at 75% capacity utilization level. 
Kunal : 
See it will not be entirely at 50% utilization. It will be more at  70 to 75% utilization. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
So FY2024 there will not be expansion in margin. 
Kunal : 
It would be there but it will not be 400 basis points I mean to say that. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Okay so basically 400 basis points split up in 2024 and 2025. 
Kunal : 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Thank you very much Sir and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kamlesh Bagmar from Prabhudas Lilladher 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Thanks for the opportunity Sir. One question on the part of EBITDA per tonne are we operating 
like say upwards of 53 to Rs.54,000 EBITDA per tonne in this quarter assuming like say 90% 
odd utilization. 
Kunal : 
See that is basically more like EBITDA per tonne but because ours is to make order scenarioit is 
very difficult to give standard figure for EBITDA per tonne that is the reason we talk about 
EBITDA in percentage term only. so theoretically speaking in case of raw material prices coming 
down EBITDA in percentage should be going up but it has never happened basically. Prices are 
low then demand is low so somebody needs to adjust your margin also, so it continues in case of 
high price scenario. Little shrinkage should be there that also never happened because demand is 
good and also the product is new sometimes, value added product contribution top line may be 
higher so what we see in EBITDA is around 12.72 to 12.92 for this quarter basically. 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And going forward as our capacity come up and we have the backward integration in place which 
all new segments or new industries we are going to cover up or get diversified. 
Kunal : 
See Sir we cater to number of industry currently but oil and gas will be there, paper industry 
would be added. We started adding those sectors also and chemical, engineering will also be a 
sector where we cater a good number as compared to other sector so pharma, oil and gas, paper 
and fertilizer would be another sector which we will do. 
Arun Kothari: 
So we are catching the market of unorganized player since Venus will organized market or Venus 
can cater in better way so we will take advantage of that also of the unorganized market. 
 Kamlesh Bagmar: 
But Sir lot of capacities are also coming up in the unorganized and organized sector so you see s 
a significant increase in the competition. 
Arun Kothari: 
Since there is a very good demand number of industry is improving that was very low most of the 
industry used other pipe category but slowly jaise improvement ho raha hai in the India 
manufacturing sector quality conscious hoh rahi hai all the industry player so definitely demand 
is going up still there is a very good demand matlab isme kafi acha demand hai or isme scale ups 
or new plans jo be ayange capacity immediately nahi ah sakta hai kyu ki there is number of lot of 
entry barriers only jo existing player they can increase the capacity. Standards, Test, Certificate 
everything is required kitne be chemical plant wagar ha na they verify to put the capacity they 
will not buy for the pipe they will do some quality check test certificate all this process takes at 
least four to five years so there is a entry barrier nobody can come in one year time or six month 
time in this segment. This is a very typical segment where number of approach is required or 
number of certification even single industry cannot give the order in one instance. They first take 
the small order, then big order, then test order then they increase the size of the order because SS 
pipes is critical operation only. We are in critical operation because there is lot of cost difference 
between SS pipe and MS pipe so it is a critical operation so all industry users a very conscious 
about the quality of the pipe. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And lastly you would be your nearest competitor and in the same range whom do you follow the 
most or see that particular competitor on a close watch. 
Arun Kothari: 
In India there is very limited player in SS pipe market. Ratnamani is the market leader then Jindal 
is also in the SS pipe segment or some other players who are in the similar segment some are 
there in welded segment, in all three segment very limited players in India which is one 
Ratnamani, other is Jindal Saw  and other players job bhi hey is market mein they are either in 
the welded segment or seamless segment to we have the competition between 5 to 7 company, 
Ratnamani, Jindal Saw , SunCity, Sunlight these are the top 7 to 8 players in the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Asha Jain from Jain Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Asha Jain: 
Hi Sir, so I have couple of questions. How are we penetrating to export market and what are the 
strategy to expand our export skills and also would be the contribution for export sales in FY2023 
and 2024. 
Dhruv : 
For export market we have already appointed representative of Venus who is very senior person 
in stainless pipe in Europe market. Europe market like this we are planing to go ahead and time 
by time we are also exporting to other countries apart from Europe. In Europe also we are 
participating in many exhibitions. This year only we have already participated in one expo to 
show our market presence and in September also we are going to participate in expo. There are 
leading publications in Europe where we have started getting some coverage. 
Asha Jain: 
So what would be the estimated contribution for export sales in FY2024? 
Kunal Bubna: 
In this fiscal we should be around 12 to 15%. 
Asha Jain: 
Is there any margin differential between domestic and export sales. 
Kunal Bubna: 
See the margin basically the direct supply what we make and the export sale we made the margin 
is basically in parallel apart from that for export definitely you get 1.4% of draw back so that is 
from additional benefit when we do exports. 
Asha Jain: 
Okay understood. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anjana Shah from Shah Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Anjana Shah: 
Thank you for this opportunity Sir. Sir couple of questions from my end. First if you could tell us 
what is the volume growth and the price growth attributable to our revenue growth for Q1 
FY2023. 
Kunal Bubna: 
See for FY2023 as compared to the first quarter of FY2022 the quantity has been flattish more or 
less same it was only 1 to 2% growth and the increase in rate for the finished good but definitely 
there has been mixed change as compared to what welded and seamless we do, seamless has 
increased to good percentage. In quantity it has increased by 68% and welded was slightly down.  
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next question which is from the line of Dhiral Shah from Philip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhiral Shah; 
Good afternoon Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir what is the reason for the flattish growth in 
the quarter. 
Kunal Bubna: 
As I said we currently also had an order book of around 100 Crores so it is not as sluggish it was 
flattish basically and the capacity was basically fully exhausted as I said it was around 90% 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
utilization so it basically exhausted from our side but going ahead and with an order it will 
definitely increase going ahead. 
Dhiral Shah; 
So next two quarters also Sir we can see a flattish growth as we are running at full capacity. 
Kunal Bubna: 
As I said in July 2022 we added 100 tonne capacity for welded pipe so that could be also be there 
and as I said for welded pipe we currently also do purchase and sale it so that our markets are 
build up so those thing would also be there so it will not be flattish it will be slightly on the upper 
side only. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Prithvi Finmart. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Thanks for followup Sir. Sir my question is regarding our direct sale as currently it is less than 
50% and more than 50% is coming from channel networks so what is the mix you are seeing that 
it will change from now onwards and how you see that will help to increase the margin and 
secondly that will help to reduce the working capital requirement. 
Kunal Bubna: 
It is more than 50% for this quarter our direct sales was around 55% and in the last FY2022 it 
was around 46% and export was 12% so if you see around 68% odd percent from this quarter 
from direct sales and export contribution for this current quarter , traders was around 32% so it is 
a fair amount of direct sales i.e around 70%  including  export and definitely the margins are 
always on higher side when you do direct sale and export as compared to trade and stockiest and 
that as I say there would be margin expansion going ahead wherein trade and stockist will try to 
turn it down to 15 to 20% going ahead so definitely those margins as I said for both welded and 
seamless with capacity expansion with higher side with backward integration. We are adding 
more export countries in out trajectory and higher side for welded and seamless with backward 
will add to our margin going ahead. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Just can you give a ballpark figure like how the mix will look like around FY2025. 
Kunal Bubna: 
It is 60% for welded and 40 for seamless more or less. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
I am asking about the sales mix direct order through channel partner. 
Kunal Bubna: 
So Sir it would be taking export and direct sale it would be re target around 75 to 80% and the 
balance would be for stockiest and trader. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
And Sir that will have to reduce the working capital. 
Kunal Bubna: 
What I see it is likely working capital will also be required if you are made to an order so it will 
not reduce the working capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Last thing can you break of EBITDA margin of welded and seamless pipe. 
Kunal Bubna: 
I just have a fair idea on it. The quarter was around 14 to 15% seamless pipe and it was around 12 
to 13% for welded. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Okay thanks a lot. That is from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pallav Agarwal from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Yes Sir. Sir I had a couple of questions on the demand outlook with this concerns of recession 
leading to some slow down and demand so what is our strategy to counter that and are we 
confident that we will be able to increase our export proportion despite these concerns. 
Arun Kothari: 
Pallavji if you say about the estimates in pipe industry India mein kafe lamba samay se dekh rahi 
hai no capacity expansion in this segment. Aur last one year mein kya huwa hai ke from China 
part. China pehle competitive they are more competitive phir China ka joh bhi SS export karte 
than there was an export duty benefit, so since last year China na ho export duty ka benefit 
withdraw kar liya hai so aaj ke sal mein India products and Chinese products are the same level 
so aap ki India joh competitiveness woh puri world market ho ee hey because due to Chinese 
duty benefit or further due to China plus one policy some of the other country are not expecting 
the Chinese material or Chinese raw material matalbe they are originally from other places so abh 
thak China India mein jo seamless pipe ka waiting hey so seamless pipe Venus Pipe be piercing 
lakey ah rahi hai, same Ratnamari piercing line lakey ah hai some India mein piercing or 
seamless manufacturing ka capacity hai is in very limited hai so China say export seamless pipe 
ka import hotha tha that was also drastically reduced so at that demand matalab still you can see 
from here also it is growing from quarter to quarter also, year to year also. We had the order book 
of three months of almost other industry player, other peers have good order book in this 
segment. There is light volatility in the market. The demand is going slightly slow down 
otherwise within this segment. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Given the concerns about higher energy and gas cost in Europe so have you seen any pipe 
manufacturers over there or some of the competitors are shutting down it can actually give us an 
advantage in terms of volume etc. Arun Ji what I am saying is given that energy cost are very 
high due to the Russia Ukraine conflict you have seen lot of shut down in smelting capacity so do 
we have any competitors who are manufacturing stainless steel pipes in Europe, have we seen 
any of them going out of business or any shut down happening in this segment. 
Arun Kothari: 
Pallavji there is not much in manufacturing of pipe so due to this energy cost there is no shut 
down in the SS industry so even our raw material supplier also. everybody is working with the 
good capacity. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
So Arun Ji I would like to hand over to you for any closing comments from your end. 

 
 
 
 
 
           Venus Pipes 
August 10, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Arun Kothari: 
Thanks for everyone for joining the call. We will keep updating the investor on regular basis for 
incremental update on our company. I have we have been able to address all your query. For any 
further information get in touch with me or our investor relation team SGA. Thanks to all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
