August 19, 2022
The Secretary
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001
Scrip Code: 540975
The Manager,
Listing Department,
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
This is further to our earlier letter dated August 12, 2022, regarding Video/ Audio recordings of 
Earnings call of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, held on August 12, 2022, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call.
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.com/investor/financial-information .
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Thank you
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited
Hemish Purushottam
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

 
 
Page 1 of 36 
 
 
 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited  
Q1 FY23 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Management: 
Dr. Azad Moopen – Chairman & Managing Director  
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director  
Mr. Sreenath Reddy – Group Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Amitabh Johri – Chief Financial Officer, GCC 
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Head of Finance, India 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Saurabh Paliwal – Head, Investor Relations  
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 2 of 36 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Good morning, everyone. My name is Saurabh Paliwal, and I welcome you to 
Aster DM Healthcare's earnings conference call for the first quarter of 
Financial Year 23. The company declared the Q1 FY23 results last evening. I 
hope you've got a chance to review them, along with other materials, which 
were posted on the stock exchanges and also uploaded on the company 
website. 
Today, to discuss the quarterly business performance and the future business 
outlook, we have the senior management at Aster DM Healthcare available 
with us. It includes Dr. Azad Moopen, Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. 
Alisha Moopen, Deputy Managing Director; Mr. T.J. Wilson, Non-Executive 
Director; Mr. Sreenath Reddy, Group Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Amitabh 
Johri, Chief Financial Officer for GCC and Mr. Sunil Kumar, Head of Finance for 
India. 
I would like to remind everyone about how we will conduct this call. All 
external attendees will be in the listen-only mode for the duration of the 
entire call. We will start the call with opening remarks by management, 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. During the Q&A session, you will get 
a chance to ask a question by raising your hand by clicking on the ‘raise hand’ 
icon in the Zoom application at the bottom of the window. We will call out 
your name, after which your line will be unmuted, and you will be able to ask 
your question. We request you to please limit your questions to 2 but not 
more than 3 per participant at a time. Post the completion of your query being 
answered, we will lower your hand. 
Finally, before we get started, the safe harbor related to the earnings 
conference call. Certain statements that may be discussed in this meeting that 
are not historical facts and might be forward-looking statements. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like 
government actions, local, political, or economic developments, technological 
risks and many other factors that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking 
statements. Aster DM Healthcare Limited will not be in any way responsible 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 3 of 36 
for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation 
to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent 
events or circumstances. 
With this, I will ask Dr. Moopen to start with the opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. 
T J Wilson: 
Chairman is on mute, I think 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Dr. Azad, if you could unmute yourself, please? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes, sorry about that. Am I audible now? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Yes, you are. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Sorry about that. There was some technical issue. Good morning, everyone. 
Thank you all for joining us for our earnings call for the first quarter of FY23. 
I hope and pray that all is well with all of you and your families. As the summer 
vacations conclude in India and other parts of the world, I hope most of you, 
were able to take a break this summer. The world has now reached a stage 
where COVID cases continue to be there, but we now consider it to be a part 
and parcel of our lives, exercising necessary safety precautions.  
The Ukraine conflict continues and along with it, high-energy prices and 
Taiwan standoff between USA and China. We also continue to battle high 
inflation with global central banks responding by increasing interest rates, 
thereby dampening growth prospects.  
However, we are happy that the scenario in our key markets in India and 
Dubai seems to be much better with strong growth prospects. GCC, from 
where we derive majority of our revenue has the benefit of spiraling oil cost 
which will have an impact indirectly in all businesses there whereas this is 
actually a dampener for India. 
Let me discuss the financial performance of Aster for Q1 FY23,  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 4 of 36 
At a consolidated level, we posted a revenue of Rs. 2,662 crore which is an 
increase of 12% when compared with the same period, last financial year.  
EBITDA grew only 4% to Rs. 292 crore when compared to Rs. 281 crore in Q1 
FY22. EBITDA growth was impacted due to losses of Rs. 20 crore from 
commissioning of new hospitals in GCC and India.  
Profit after tax (post-NCI) stands at Rs. 69 crore when compared to Rs. 44 
crore with Q1 FY22, a growth of 54%. Profit After Tax (post-NCI) excluding 
impact of commissioning of new hospitals and one-time other income is Rs. 
77 crore, a healthy growth of 74 %. 
With respect to the GCC business, revenue grew 10% year-over-year to Rs. 
2,011 crore with EBITDA of Rs. 208 crore as compared to Rs. 210 crore in the 
same period, last financial year.  
The Aster India business is growing well with revenues growing 18% to Rs. 651 
crore and EBITDA increasing by 18% to Rs. 84 crore. Profit After Tax (Post-NCI) 
stood at 19 Cr as compared to a loss of Rs. 1 Cr in Q1 FY22. This shows that 
we can sweat the assets well in India, increasing revenue and profits. I also 
want to mention that regarding the GCC, as we all know, this is relatively a 
weak quarter or half when you look at the first half of the year. So that is part 
of the reflection of that and, of course, along with the starting of the new 
hospitals, which were mainly happening in GCC. 
Moving to the operational updates of the quarter – 
In India, during quarter 1, we started operations management of the 140-bed 
Aster Mother Hospital in Areekode in Kerala, kick starting our planned brown 
field, low capex initiatives which give a much better ROI and improves our 
efficiencies. This addition takes our total bed count in India to 4,033 capacity 
beds. As stated earlier, we are looking at more of such opportunities in 
various parts of India and we hope to announce some of these in coming 
quarters.  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 5 of 36 
We have submitted revised plans for an integrated advanced healthcare 
facility at Trivandrum, capital of Kerala named as Aster Capital. While the 
hospital is planned to be ultimately a 550-bed facility, the first phase shall be 
a capacity of 350 beds and is expected to be operational by FY26. We had 
brought 6.5 acres of land 5 years back and the project was kept on hold due 
to COVID.  We see a huge demand supply gap in Trivandrum and expect an 
early breakeven of this project, in about a year after inauguration, like what 
we did at Kannur.  
Aster Labs, which has its presence in both Karnataka and Kerala has now also 
entered four other States: Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, and 
Telangana. As of 30th June 2022, there were 2 reference labs, 15 satellite labs 
and 109 patient experience centers. The B2C business in Aster Labs is yet to 
pick up to the levels we wanted due to many factors including tough 
competition — however, we have started realizing the benefit of having the 
lab as integral part of the ecosystem to create an omni channel. We have 
recently launched Aster Labs on WhatsApp. This customer centric approach 
should help us service our customers even better. 
With respect to the Aster Pharmacy branded retail stores, operated by 
Alfaone Retail Pharmacies Private Limited or ARPPL, as of 30th June 2022, 
there are 176 pharmacies: 89 in Karnataka, 45 in Kerala, and 42 in Telangana. 
As part of its service proposition which provides facilities like prescription 
refill reminder, customer centric promotions, and free home delivery, Aster 
Pharmacy in India plans to launch its e-commerce operations, in the second 
half of FY23. 
In the GCC region, the 101-bed Aster Hospital Sharjah had a soft launch during 
the quarter. There has been some delay in launch of 145-bed Aster Royal 
Hospital in Muscat, Oman, due to authority approvals. We have now got the 
permissions and we hope to inaugurate this soon.  These two hospitals will 
increase our capacity bed count in GCC to 1,431. 
I just want to touch upon the Saudi Business. Over the past few quarters, the 
Saudi business has seen an improvement in performance. As a result of this 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 6 of 36 
turnaround, we are now looking at getting a minority investor on board 
instead of selling off the whole business. The first quarter EBITDA of Saudi 
business, despite the challenges of Ramzan etc. was in the single digits.  We 
are also looking actively to enter the Retail Pharmacy business in Saudi and 
discussions are going on.  
Status of Restructuring: 
The process is going on. The Board of Directors have provided their approval 
for appointment of the bankers to explore potential restructuring options 
which present an opportunity to unlock value for the Company and its 
stakeholders and provide further update to the Board in relation to further 
steps to be taken in this regard. Appropriate announcements and public 
disclosures in accordance with the Listing Regulations and other applicable 
laws will be made as and when required, in this regard.  
I now request the Deputy Managing Director, Alisha Moopen, to elaborate on 
the GCC business, the Digital Transformation and other strategic initiatives 
undertaken by Aster. 
Thank you very much. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you, Chairman. Good morning, everyone. Just like Chairman 
mentioned, we are in stage where COVID has now become a part and parcel 
of our lives with normal life and business moving in full swing and so is Aster. 
As Chairman mentioned again, we have two of our new hospitals which we 
had put on hold during COVID; now we have begun the commissioning. The 
Aster Sharjah, which is a 101-bed hospital has opened up with a soft launch 
during Q1 and Aster Royal Hospital in Oman with 145 beds is expected to have 
the soft launch end of this month since we got the regulatory approval.  We 
are excited to get them operational in Q2 of this year as we expand our 
footprint in GCC.   
Revenues at GCC saw a return towards normalcy.  This period of Q1 marked 
by both the Ramadan Break as well as the Eid Holidays and there is also the 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 7 of 36 
sad demise of the ruler of UAE which had some extended mourning period as 
well. So, the combination of all of that, we have seen a little bit of a soft 
quarter, which anyways is quite typical of Q1 and Q2 in GCC.  
Hospitals revenue during the quarter increased by 8% Y-o-Y. The Retail 
business saw a strong comeback with an increase in Revenue of 30%, while 
the core revenue of Clinics business, which is excluding the PCR revenue saw 
an increase of 26%.  The GCC business would have seen a much better EBITDA 
but for operational losses of the new hospitals commissioned during this 
period which resulted in losses of INR 15 crores in GCC. 
As Chairman briefed on, the Saudi business which really was a concern for a 
long time. It has witnessed a positive turnaround.  We have seen a very 
sustained Revenue and EBITDA numbers despite summer as well as Ramadan.  
Some of this is emanating from certain systemic changes which were made in 
the business and we believe, they are likely to maintain business trends.  We 
truly believe Saudi has huge potential and for our GCC strategy, we can’t 
ignore this.  We have recently signed a preliminary MOU with one of the 
largest Retail and Entertainment Group to launch our Pharmacies in Saudi.  
These will be low capex but will help us harness the Healthcare Ecosystem 
better.  
On the digital initiatives, we are continuing to tread along the planned lines. 
We have done a successful launch of our digital app in Dubai. Currently we 
are live with both Teleconsultations as well as the Online Pharmacy in the UAE 
- which have seen a positive response too. With pretty much no marketing, 
we have had more than 100k users since the launch in June and these were 
the numbers up till end of July. We actually aim to aim for marketing to be 
driven from end of August and the numbers are expected to scale quite 
significantly. At this moment, we are running live load tests and refining the 
system responses to ensure that the platform continues to remain stable at 
higher loads that we expect post marketing. For India, the teams are engaged 
in solving the specificities of the technology and workflows. We expect the 
Indian businesses to be enabled on the digital platform soon which will 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 8 of 36 
complement both our pharmacies as well as the labs, which are growing in 
scale. 
For the Aster Innovation and Research Centre, which is the innovation hub of 
Aster DM, we have collaborated with Intel Corporation, and CARPL to 
announce a state-of-the-art ‘Secure Federated Learning Platform.’ This 
collaboration will enable the development of AI-enabled health tech solutions 
where data can securely reside where it is generated. This collaboration will 
boost innovation in areas such as drug discovery, diagnosis, genomics, 
predictive healthcare. It will also help clinical trials to access relevant data sets 
in a secure and distributed manner. 
I will now request our Group CFO, Sreenath Reddy, to take you through the 
details of the financial and segmental performance of the quarter. Thank you. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Thank you, Alisha. Good morning, everyone. On a consolidated basis, our 
revenue from operations for the quarter has increased by 12% to Rs. 2,662 
crores year-on-year. India revenues have increased to Rs. 651 crores, up 18% 
year-on-year from Rs. 550 crores. The revenue growth excluding COVID 
vaccination in India was 26%. Revenue from our GCC operations was Rs. 2,011 
crores, an increase of 10% year-on-year whereas the revenue growth 
excluding COVID testing was 18% YoY. 
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was at Rs. 292 crores, an increase of 4% 
year-on-year. However, if you exclude the losses of new hospitals not present 
in FY22 Q1, namely Aster Hospital Sharjah, Aster Hospital Sonapur and Aster 
Mother Hospital Areekode, the EBITDA growth will be 11%.  
EBITDA from India operations was Rs. 84 crores, a growth of 18% Y-o-Y. 
EBITDA from GCC operations stands at Rs. 208 crores, a decrease of 1% Y-o-
Y. Excluding losses of new hospitals in GCC amounting to Rs. 16 crores, the 
EBITDA growth will be 6.7%. An important point to mention is that we are 
now going back to the pre-COVID scenario, wherein the EBITDA for the first 
half of the year as per the historical trends will be in the range of 40% of the 
full year number. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 9 of 36 
Consolidated PAT (post NCI) is at Rs. 69 crores as compared to Rs. 44 Crores 
in Q1 FY22. Excluding losses of Rs. 32 crores from new hospitals and one-time 
other income the PAT stands at Rs. 77 Crores, a growth of 74% Y-o-Y.  
Coming to the segmental performance for the quarter. GCC Hospital revenue 
was at Rs. 913 crores, an increase of 8% Y-o-Y and the EBITDA stands at Rs. 
133 crores compared to Rs. 130 crores in FY22 Q1. 
Our hospital in Saudi has performed well during the quarter. The EBITDA from 
the business has nearly doubled with high single digit margins. 
GCC Clinics revenue stands at Rs. 538 crores, a decrease of 2% Y-o-Y. Excluding 
revenue from COVID testing the business registered a growth of 26% which is 
a sign of our core business normalising. EBITDA decreased by 9% Y-o-Y to Rs. 
91 crore and EBITDA margin stands at 17.0%.  
GCC Pharmacies revenue increased 30% Y-o-Y from Rs. 508 crores to Rs. 660 
crores. EBITDA increased from Rs. 44 crores to Rs. 58 crores, an increase of 
32%. EBITDA margin for this segment is at 8.8%.  
India Hospitals and Clinics segment has grown to Rs. 627 crores when 
compared to Rs. 549 crores, an increase of 14% year-on-year. EBITDA has 
increased from Rs. 84 crores to Rs. 99 crores, an increase of 18%. 
Consolidated net debt as at 30th June 2022 stands at Rs. 1,847 crores 
compared to Rs. 1,806 crores as at 31st March 2022. India net debt stands at 
Rs. 359 crores compared to Rs. 319 crores as at 31st March 2022 and GCC net 
debt has reduced to USD 189 million from USD 197 million as at 31st March 
2022. Capital expenditure during the quarter was Rs. 142 crores.  
On that note, I conclude my remarks. We would be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. I now request Saurabh to open the question-
and-answer session. Thank you. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you Sreenath. Anybody who wants to a ask question, please use the 
‘raise hand’ icon at the bottom of the Zoom application.  We will wait a 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 10 of 36 
moment for the line to assemble and then take the question one by one.  The 
first question is from Nikhil Chandak. You may please unmute your line and 
ask a question. 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Good morning. My question was on the proposed restructuring. If you could 
share some more elaborate thoughts on what exactly is the plan of action? 
Because frankly every con call we hear that this is under consideration. But 
it's been a long time, and there's no visible progress at least to the investors 
on what really is happening, what is the thought process? Even on the Saudi 
hospital, as you mentioned, there's a change in plan where you're not 
exiting or you're getting an investor there. So, what exactly is the plan? Do 
we eventually see 2 separate entities, 1 India and 1 non-India? Some plan 
and timeline would help. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. Thank you very much. Thanks a lot. So, the first part I'll answer, then 
Alisha will answer about the Saudi. Regarding the restructuring, I assure you 
that it's going forward in the direction which we wanted; where we wanted 2 
businesses: 1 in GCC and 1 in India. So, in the GCC, now it's very clear, earlier, 
there was a lot of talk about that. But now we are looking at the GCC business 
and looking for somebody to come into the GCC business. So, there is a vendor 
DD happening in GCC, which is in progress and once the vendor DD happens, 
and that is over, that's the time we hope that we'll have more clarity on that. 
So, answering your question, there is more of clarity and this is going in the 
direction where there will be a segregation between the 2 businesses. Once 
we have a clarity on what are the bids and after the vendor DD happens, then 
we will get back to you. As per the requirements, we will inform the stock 
exchange. So that's the first part. 
Regarding Saudi, Alisha, if you can just enlighten him. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thanks, Nikhil. Thanks for the question. So earlier, when we were looking at 
the potential exit from Saudi, it was because the Saudi market requires quite 
significant capital allocation for us to grow in a market like that. And we 
thought maybe if we are continuing as a global entity with the GCC business, 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 11 of 36 
we would rather allocate the capital into India rather than in some of the 
other GCC markets. But now with this potential restructure, what we realized 
is a lot of the investors who have expressed interest to come into the Aster 
GCC business thinks of Saudi as a core business and a core geography that 
they would want to pursue. So, at that point in time, we did not feel 
comfortable exiting from a market at this point in the restructuring process. 
We felt it would be better for us to stay until we have clarity on the partner 
who's coming on board and if they wanted to pursue the Saudi business, we 
thought it would be a bit premature for us to exit from it, especially as we 
mentioned earlier, the business seems to have been doing well. Most of the 
Saudi business are turning around, and there seems to be a very positive 
traction there. 
So, one, on its own effort, it's standing strong and two, as part of the 
restructure also, we believe that Saudi is an important element to get the 
right investor attention and demand. I hope that clarifies. 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Perfect, thank you. Then the last question was on capital allocation in the 
interim till the restructuring doesn't come into effect. How do you see capital 
allocation between India, non-India and even within India, in the 
competitive diagnostics space, where do you think the focus would lie? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So see, we have a clear plan now and we are following that in spite of the 
restructuring process happening. The only changes that we would like to hear 
from the investors regarding the GCC, what their requirement is. But to a 
great extent, whatever we have announced regarding the India-GCC split 
between the capital allocation will happen this year because we are almost 
halfway through. So, regarding the allocation of the capital, see the capital 
required for a very low capex business like the lab as well as pharmacy is not 
very high when compared to a hospital. What we have allocated now, a large 
part is going towards the major projects like the hospital in Trivandrum as well 
as the one which we announced for Kasaragod. So, the hospital projects will 
be the one which will be attracting the largest capital. The others will be there, 
but the numbers will be high when you look at the total number of 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 12 of 36 
establishments, but the capital requirement for these businesses are much 
lower when compared to the hospital business. 
So answering your question, there is no change from what we discussed 
earlier between GCC and India for the capital. And second, in India, the focus 
will be on the hospital business. Even in that, as we have mentioned, there is 
a change now. We want to make it low capex, and that's why these brownfield 
projects like the Mother Hospital; we are looking at many opportunities, and 
we hope that we'll be able to have a significant number of beds added 
through that where the capex allocation that is required is very minimal. 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Thank you so much. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you, Nikhil. The next question is from Amrish. You can unmute yourself 
and ask the question. 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a solid set of numbers 
despite the loss of COVID revenues and thank you very much also for 
increased transparency in the clinics and pharmacy data in India. The first 
question I had was on the operational performance in India. Is there 
something more you could shed on what's happening in Andhra and 
Telangana in terms of financial, operational metrics? Everything seems 
much weaker than the rest of India. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So, I'll ask Sunil to add on to whatever I say, Sunil is our India CFO. So, the 
business in Andhra and Telangana, when compared to our businesses in 
Kerala and Karnataka has been weaker. So, part of it is because we had very 
high business last year because of COVID. The COVID revenue was very high 
but in spite of that, we have put some budgets, but they have not reached 
those budgets. So, the reason for that is mainly because the hospitals in 
Andhra and Telangana have come out of the schemes, the Arogya Shree and 
such schemes, which are there because they wanted to cater to more of a 
cash and insurance business. But this thing, that is something which we 
should be looking at because that is reducing the occupancy. So, we are now 
in a process of going into that will ramp up the occupancy and which will help 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 13 of 36 
us to have better occupancy and also to sweat the assets better. So that's 
more about the Andhra and Telangana. And we hope that with these 
strategies that have been adopted, that should do better. And if not, to the 
speed of the other two clusters, should be doing better. Sunil, do you want to 
add something on to that? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Sure, Chairman. Thank you. Thanks, Amrish, for the question. So just to add 
to what Chairman said, as you know that, just to put numbers to it, last year 
same time, we had the Wave 2 going on. And Andhra and Telangana is where 
we have the smaller format hospitals, which really did good, wherein the 
COVID revenue went up to 50% of the total revenue. So because of this, what 
happened is that the EBITDA margins were very high, upwards of 20%-30% 
and all. Now you know that right it is H2 last year, the COVID number 
essentially have come down and now we are trying to depend on more non-
COVID numbers. So this is a scenario across the hospitals, across the clusters 
but we've seen that Karnataka and Kerala did very well to bring back the non-
COVID revenue. They're even better than the pre-COVID numbers, what we 
see. But that is not the case in Andhra and Telangana and similar other 
hospitals also facing that issue and currently the occupancy is now sub 50%. 
As Chairman said, we are also looking at how to increase the numbers by 
bringing the schemes because considering scheme patients are quite high in 
Andhra and Telangana cluster, we cannot work without those schemes, but 
we will try to see how to get in to see that we don't dilute the ARPOB, neither 
the EBITDA margins. But whatever you see is just a onetime thing we're just 
trying to recover. So future quarters are going to look quite better on this 
aspect. 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you and then I suppose it's better to look at it from a longer term and 
assume the FY22 numbers are a little bit of a blip as well. That's helpful. A 
couple of just strategic comment/questions. On Slide 18 on Aster Labs, there 
is a mention of Delhi being added as a potential location. Is this a planned 
activity? Or is this an error just because it's getting very competitive and is 
this where we want to go? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 14 of 36 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So, thank you for that question. So, this is something which we internally 
reviewed and so in the overall plan, North was very minimal. Because maybe 
even that our CEO for the hospital sector was earlier in the North. So, he had 
huge hope, and he wanted a presence in the state capital as well as in some 
other major metros. But we have now thought that we will look at the next 
few quarters, how the business is doing in South, then only, we will go into 
the North. So, whatever you have seen there is not going to happen 
immediately. So, we have said that we will go into the North only after 
stabilizing the South. 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you. That makes sense. Just a quick one on the restructuring as well. 
Through the process, I am assuming that we don't lose the benefit of the 
synergies that we have both ways. I assume that's already been considered, 
but if you could just give some comfort on that because we benefit from, 
say, the digitalization activities in GCC, patients this way, and of course, 
from India, we can send doctors and staff? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
That's a very, very important thing, which we have deep in our mind. So, one 
of the things which is going to remain as it is, is that we are going to be there 
on both sides. Whatever restructuring happens, as promoters we will be there 
on both sides. So, the synergies which are there, which are beneficial for the 
company will be continuing like, for example, the movement of employees, 
the movement of patients and things like what you mentioned about the 
digital, those things will continue, wherever there is a benefit to both sides 
and at arm's length, we'll be doing that. 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you. I will get back into the queue 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you. The next question will be from Spark Capital - Harith Ahamed. You 
can unmute your line. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Hi, morning. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on Sanad. So, 
you mentioned that there's a fair bit of improvement there. So, can you give 
an indication of the EBITDA margins there currently? Are we at a high single-
digit of margin level there? Or have we touched double-digit margin there? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 15 of 36 
Some sense would be helpful. And one more follow-up would be that you 
talked about bringing in a minority shareholder there. So, can you elaborate 
a bit more on the rationale for this? What exactly will the fund be used for 
because the way I see it, the expansions that we've talked about so far at 
Sanad, we should be able to finance it through our own balance sheet? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. So, Dr. Harith, Alisha will come on the second part. So, on the first part, 
in terms of the margins that Sanad achieves. See, historically, if you look at 
quarter 1 and quarter 2, for us, in the GCC, these are lean periods, mainly 
because of the summer holidays and quarter 3 and quarter 4 are strong 
periods. Now if you look at Saudi, quarter 1 will be the weakest. But however, 
if you look in the current year, in spite of the holidays and the festivals, in 
quarter 1, we are at around 9% of EBITDA margin (pre-IFRS 16) at Sanad 
Hospital. So, these margins will get into double digits getting into quarter 3. 
So therefore, the turnaround has happened, and this performance will lead 
to stronger margins in the coming quarters. Alisha, on the minority interest. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Sure. Thanks, Harith. So, on the minority interest, there is an expansion of the 
hospital. We have 60 beds, which again, we have put on hold. Right now, we 
are running at almost 85% occupancy. Like you said, the internal accruals 
should take care of us expanding that bed capacity. But this was more looking 
at a more strategic partner for Saudi. So, we were thinking of using these 
funds from the potential minority partner coming in for the expansion of the 
pharmacies. We would use it for the pharmacies and also the base on the 
digital that we are setting up in UAE, we would like to quickly mobilize the 
same in Saudi. And that would, again, go towards some of that in Saudi. So 
that was the plan towards Saudi. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thanks, that's helpful. My next one is on GCC pharmacies. I see that 
revenues have increased; I know we generally don't look at the GCC business 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. But still looking at the GCC pharmacy 
segment, the revenue increase quarter-on-quarter has been almost 10%, but 
the EBITDA has almost halved. So, I'm struggling to understand why with 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 16 of 36 
revenues growing, there's such a high impact or such a high decline in 
EBITDA? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Amitabh, you would like to answer that? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Sure. Thank you for the question. So, I think you're looking at a sequential 
number between quarter 4 of FY22 ... 
Harith Ahamed: 
Yes 
Amitabh Johri: 
So typically, this is impacted by 2 factors. One, of course, is a factor that 
quarter 4 is the highest quarter that we have in a year. It's a seasonality factor 
that is there, which is a reflection that if you look at the quarter 1 of the year, 
as Alisha called out the Ramadan holidays and the summer period, there is a 
natural reduction in the volumes that are sitting over there. But it's also the 
factor on EBITDA that comes in, wherein as we close the financial year, there 
are typically procurement benefits that come in, which we do not know for 
the whole year, but they only come towards the end of the year in our 
knowledge, which is why you would notice that the margins for quarter 4 for 
pharmacies are relatively higher than the other balance part of the year. 
However, if you were to compare the year-on-year basis performance of 
pharmacies, I think that data is more representative. Because we've seen, 
between the quarter 1 of FY22 and quarter 1 of FY23, a 30% increase in the 
top line on pharmacy and a bottom-line increase of 32%. I think that is a more 
relevant data to look at because it's representative of the business change 
that we observe. 
Harith Ahamed: 
All right. And Sreenath, these unallocated and elimination item that we 
have, both at revenue and EBITDA level, there's been a sharp increase. It's 
almost INR 120 crores at the revenue level and INR 80 crores at EBITDA level. 
This is an increase from INR 60 crores in the last couple of quarters. So, what 
exactly is the nature of these items here? And can you explain the increase 
as well? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 17 of 36 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. So if you look at it, Harith, the pharmacy business has increased during 
the quarter, right? And the pharmacy business also provides their services to 
our other verticals. So that is where, this unallocated will be a higher number. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thanks for that. That’s all from my side. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you Harith. The next question will be from Manoj Bagardia. You can go 
ahead and unmute your line. Manoj… I guess he's gone. Next question will be 
from Manish Bandari. 
Manish Bandari: 
Can you hear me clearly? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes, yes. Please go ahead. 
Manish Bandari: 
Hi, good morning. I have two questions. One is regarding the medical 
tourism, which ideally the southern hospitals should have benefited. So, are 
we seeing some recovery in the medical tourism, which should ideally lead 
to a potential improvement in the operating utilization of the hospitals in 
South? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So definitely, there is an increase. This has gone down significantly in the 
COVID period. So this year, the... 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Dr. Azad, your line is muted by mistake. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Okay. Sorry about that. There is some technical issue. So, are you able to hear 
now? 
Manish Bandari: 
I can hear you. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So, I was telling that there is definitely increase in the MVT revenue, 
which is coming from mostly GCC as well as from other regions. But to give 
you some numbers, Sunil, can you give some numbers, indications in the first 
quarter? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yes, Chairman. So Manish, thanks for the question. Now if you see pre-COVID, 
when we look at MVT revenue, we were clocking 5% of the total India revenue 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 18 of 36 
and 8%-10% in the hospitals where we used to do MVT revenue. That had 
dropped to almost 1% during the COVID period. That is between FY21 and 
FY22. Now what we see is that the percentage in Q1 is already back to around 
7%-8% when I look at only the units which do the MVT revenue. But at the 
India level, against the 1%, which was down, now it has moved to almost 4%. 
So, to put it in a very simple manner, yes, MVT revenue is almost back to pre-
COVID levels, almost 80%-90%, you can say. And we are seeing good numbers 
already coming in July itself. So, we should be able to do very good in FY23. 
Manish Bandari: 
Sir, my second question is regarding the pricing pressure in GCC. Are we at 
the bottom of the cycle in terms of the pricing pressure? Or do you think so 
any more pricing pressure is left from where we are standing today? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Alisha, you would like to answer that? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Yes. So, when you are working in an insured market, there is always some 
pricing pressure that comes in. But over the last couple of quarters, one, 
internally, our focus has also been on shifting a bit of our portfolio from 
insured business to noninsurance. So, we have actually seen an upswing on 
medical tourism. We've had more than INR 200 crores of revenue in the last 
sort of 9 months just to our Medcare facilities. We have increased our focus 
on cosmetics, aesthetic business as well as the non-pharma piece, which is all 
cash. So, we ourselves are trying to get more than close to 20% of our business 
coming in from the cash element. 
Separately, there has been a lot of discussions with the regulators to add with 
the inflationary pressure to do a tariff revision upwards. So, this is a constant 
dialogue that happens between the payers and the providers. We believe, 
that will keep continuing to happen, but there seems to be a lot more upward 
increase as far as premiums are concerned, and we're just making sure that 
we get it passed on to the providers as well. 
Manish Bandari: 
Would this strategy be implemented in India also looking at the success 
what you are trying to find in Middle East? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 19 of 36 
Alisha Moopen: 
Sorry, on what Manish? 
Manish Bandari: 
So, I mean to say the noninsured portion; the cash payment portion, would 
you implement this strategy in India also? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Yes. I mean, in India anyways, it's largely cash for us. I think we're talking 
about 70%-80% of our business in India is cash. But as the insurance 
penetration is increasing here, and as our focus on our flagship facilities, 
whether it is in Medcity, whether it's in CMI as well as Aster MIMS, there is a 
focus on MVT. In fact, we were just with the Medcity teams. There is a focus 
on a lot of the cash elements like we spoke about. We're building the rehab 
center, 80 beds over there in Medcity, which would again be international 
patients, which will happen in the next 1 year. There is a focus on cosmetics 
and similar model. So, we are trying to extend some of these strategies, which 
make sense for India, of course. 
Manish Bandari: 
Thank you 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you Manish. The next question is from Mehul Sheth from Axis Capital. 
You can go ahead. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Yes, yes. Am I audible? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. We can hear you, Mehul. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Yes sir. So, some questions related to your margin guidance, like what are 
your expectations towards segmental margins like in GCC as well as in the 
India hospitals, right? So, we have seen that Q1 was a bit on the lower side 
for both hospital business in GCC and in India as well. Clinic was expected to 
be on a lower side, but even pharmacies declined. So, what is your overall 
outlook as for the segment in terms of margins? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So Sreenath, would you like to take the question? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. Thank you. So in terms of margins, hospital margins, if you look at it, 
especially in the GCC has been more or less the same, mainly because of the 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 20 of 36 
new hospitals; new facilities that are coming. But for the new facilities; the 
existing hospital margins have improved. So, from a 15.4%, the improvement 
is to 16.3% on the existing hospital. So that improvement should continue in 
the coming quarters, and we expect somewhere around existing hospitals 
almost close to 17%-18%. This is what we expect our existing hospitals to do 
in the GCC.  
Now on the clinic side, we had indicated earlier itself because with the RT-PCR 
testing going away, definitely that will have an impact on our margins from 
the previous year. And we expect anywhere around 150 to 200 basis points 
of impact, which is playing out. And in the coming quarters, we should do 
better even on the clinic side because the core business on the clinic has come 
back and our dependence on the RT-PCR testing is now very minimal. So 
pharmacies, the revenues have gone up but however, the margins continue 
to remain the same and on a full year basis, the margins will go up to around 
11.5%. Because once we get the various purchase benefits, the volume 
rebates and other things, so these margins will go up over the subsequent 
quarters, mainly in quarter 3 and quarter 4. And coming to the India hospitals, 
we are seeing an improvement in the existing hospitals. There has been a 
slight drop because of the new hospital Areekode which has made some 
losses but in spite of that, the margins have improved to 15.7% from the 
earlier 15.2% during the same period last year. But however, in India, we 
expect these margins in the current year in quarter 3 and quarter 4 to be 
somewhere around 18%. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Thank you, sir. So, one more question on your pharmacy business itself in 
GCC. So, what's your expectation in terms of sustaining this kind of 
momentum in sales for at least FY23? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Alisha, you would like to answer that? 
Alisha Moopen: 
So Mehul, we are actually quite bullish about the growth on the pharmacy. 
We have been working quite a lot with aggregators. We have been seeing a 
real uptake on home delivery business and once our digital platform; the push 
happens, as I mentioned earlier, we do believe we will have a very sustained 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 21 of 36 
and very strong year coming forward for Aster retail. In general, when you 
look at Dubai, the retail business has been soaring. We have also been 
focusing on shifting from the pharma to the non-pharma, building up the cash 
component there. So, the margins should look better, like what Sreenath was 
saying, and we believe the growth will be better as their digital platform takes 
off. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Thank you. These are the questions from my side. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you Mehul. The next question is from Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman 
Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thanks for taking my question and good morning team. I joined a little late, 
so if some of my questions are repeating, my bad. So first one is on the 
cluster-wise India hospital and clinics data that you're sharing. So just 
noticed that the Andhra- Telangana cluster has had a good growth fiscal '22 
rate, I think 30%-plus growth, we have seen some like decline. So just trying 
to understand what's happening there. Even some of the metrics around 
occupancy, if I look at capacity beds is also down. So just your initial 
thoughts on this one? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. Thank you, Shyam. In fact, like what you mentioned, we had this question 
earlier, and that was answered. But for the benefit of you as well as others 
who might not be there, so Sunil, if you can just give those details, the 
numbers which you mentioned about the Andhra-Telangana cluster? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Sure, Chairman. Shyam, thanks for the question. Now as I put across that H1, 
specifically Q1 in the Andhra-Telangana cluster, we have smaller format 
hospitals - 150 beds. So there, the revenue was almost double during the 
COVID period and the EBITDA margins were higher than 25%. And you know 
that right, that weathered out India in H2 and considering we don't do any 
scheme side, only we depend on the cash and insurance patients. The 
recovery, what we have seen the recovery in Kerala and Karnataka cluster, 
the recovery is not same. In Kerala and Karnataka cluster, the recovery is 
better than pre-COVID levels, but we are not able to recover the same way in 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 22 of 36 
Andhra- Telangana cluster because we have limited hours only to walk-in 
patients and considerably in this particular region, there are more scheme 
patients also. So that is one of the reasons why you can see the revenue drop 
per se and that is indirectly affecting my EBITDA margins also. But saying that, 
this is just a one-off thing because we are seeing improvement in numbers 
happening in Q2. And I think this should be taken just as a one-off, not for the 
full long term for the full year. And we see the trends, the way it improved in 
Karnataka and Kerala, it's going to improve going forward in the Q2 end or 
Q3, Q4 period. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. Helpful. And just again, sorry if it's a repeat but just noticed Q1 over 
Q1, even occupancy in Kerala, Karnataka/Maharashtra is also down. More 
so Maharashtra, was that covered, sorry? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Shyam, that occupancy, you are referring to Wave 2 wherein everything was 
70% plus occupancy. Even in India as a whole, we did almost 70% and now we 
are at 63%. And you can see the ALOS also, right? ALOS is very high at 4.5 in 
the Q1 FY22. Now we are at 3.5 or 3.6. So, it's purely the COVID numbers, 
which is. And if you look at the sequential Q4, we are at 60% occupancy 
margin. From there, it has improved to 63% in India. So on an occupancy level, 
Kerala is above 75%, Karnataka-Maharashtra between is between 55%-60% 
and Andhra, as I said, because of the occupancy being lower, sub-50% is what 
it is. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes. So, what's the outlook for the remainder of the year? How should we 
look at occupancies for the India hospitals? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yes, chairman? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Please go ahead Sunil. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Shyam, it will be better that because Q1 is the quarter which we start and Q2 
is the best quarter in India, right? And Q3 is what we have festival and all. 
Usually, you can see a decline. So Q2, as I said, the indications already in July 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 23 of 36 
is 70%. So that shows that, we will do better than occupancy in Q2 and Q4 
better than what we have seen in the numbers in Q1. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Fair enough. Very helpful. Last question is on the ARPOB dynamics. I think 
some question asked on GCC pricing pressure. But even in India this quarter, 
we have about 20% ARPOB growth. So maybe if you could get an overall 
sense of how we should look at ARPOB for the fiscal '23? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yes. Shyam if you're referring to Q1 FY22, as I said, because of the higher 
ALOS, ARPOB gets diluted. And also you know that COVID revenue was as high 
as 25% during that time. And also because of the restrictions what we had in 
Kerala, Karnataka very specifically, the ARPOBs are dragged down. Now what 
you see, 36,000, is because we have also taken certain price increases in 
majority of the locations, what we are or the clusters, what we have. And the 
consol number, what you've seen or the ARPOB what you see in the cluster 
level, these ARPOBs are very stabilized because there is no one-off item in this 
quarter, right? So there is nothing as in with respect to the vaccination or the 
COVID revenue, specifically in Kerala and Karnataka. But in Andhra, yes, if I 
take scheme patients more, which is not there today. You can expect certain 
dilution of 10%-20%. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Sunil, what's the price increase? Like quantitatively, what have you taken? 
Is it like same…? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
It's between 5%-10% not across the board. It depends, certain services we 
have taken, certain services not taken. But overall, it ranges between 5%-10%. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it sir. The reminder of the question was for the GCC, what's happening 
to ARPOBs? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. The GCC ARPOB, Amitabh, if you could give some color on that? 
Amitabh Johri: 
So, thanks for the question, Shyam. Shyam, if you look at it in the GCC ARPOB, 
while our overall revenue from hospitals has increased, there's also an 
increase in the bed capacity. With the Sharjah hospital coming in we have 
added, the bed capacity has increased from a 1,160 to a 1,260, while the 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 24 of 36 
hospital is not fully operational. The occupancy between a Q4 and a Q1 also 
declines, which is around 53% going to 51%, which has resulted in the 
reduction on the ARPOB from 205,000 to 194,000. Those are largely the 
reasons why we've seen our ARPOB reduction between Q4 and Q1. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
And outlook, Amitabh? 
Amitabh Johri: 
So, the outlook is only going to get better from here because this is the lean 
quarter for us. The Q1 and Q2 are the lean quarters for us. If you look at the 
last year, you would observe the same trends. Despite COVID, we saw better 
ARPOBs in the quarter 3, quarter 4. As we go towards the end of the year and 
between the quarter 3, quarter 4, we expect this ARPOB to rise. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Shyam, so ARPOB definitely because in terms of the revenues, we will do 
better in quarter 3 and quarter 4. But in terms of ARPOB, because more beds 
are getting added and more to the Aster cluster, because this is a mix of 
Medcare and Aster, no doubt our Medcare Sharjah also occupancy starting to 
go up. But however, more beds will come into this segment of Aster because 
we have got Oman, which is coming up, then we also got the Aster Sharjah, 
which is more in the Aster brand. So you could see some slight decrease once 
these beds get occupied. That would be a small decrease in terms of the 
ARPOB. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you, Shyam. The next question is from Puneet Maheshwari. 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Sir, my question is already asked. So, it's already answered. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you. Next question is from Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual Funds. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Hi good morning. I hope I’m audible? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes, yes, we can hear you. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Sure. Good morning sir. Sir, my question is on the Saudi operations. You 
mentioned that the outlook for that particular country is looking good, at 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 25 of 36 
least in FY23. So just wanted to understand what exactly is changing there? 
I believe that there's a lot of macro-driven tailwinds at the region is perhaps 
seen, COVID opening, maybe influx of blue collar workers investments 
happening. But a lot of business is to do with macros, and we never know 
how the macros could trend, let's say, in '24, '25. If the oil price were to, let's 
say, take a sudden downturn again, things might again go back to where 
they were. So isn't this actually a good opportunity for you to continue on 
the path that you were envisioning 2-3 quarters before when you were 
looking to exit these operations and now you are trying to bring in a minority 
investor? I just want to understand, is it something can change such in that 
market because of which you're relooking your stance on that particular 
facility? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Alisha, you would like to answer that? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Sure. Thanks, Nikhil. So, there are some intrinsic inherent issues with our own 
asset, which we believe that we have rectified. I think I've mentioned in the 
last call that we had a lot of long-term onerous contracts with insurance 
companies, which had kind of affected our pricing significantly. So those are 
things which we believe will be sustained because which we were getting a 
certain ARPOB for, we have reduced our percentages by more than 30% here. 
So, which all pretty much goes to our bottom line. So that's the increasing 
margin. On the macro level, of course, the government has taken a strong 
direction towards diversifying away from oil. You have a high Saudization 
policy over there. We used to have a lot of Saudis working for us, but then 
they were working in other departments as well and their contribution and 
productivity was always a challenge. What shifted over the last 1-2 years is 
they're all expected to sort of be a lot more effective within the system. I think 
the contribution from the Saudi population who work in the environment is 
also different. So, all of those activities have also seen kind of a positive; those 
we believe will not change even if some of the other macro conditions that 
you're talking about will disappear or go adversely. So, for us, inherently, the 
business has become better. Our own team has also been restructured, and 
we're seeing the strongest team on the ground and we've had to go through 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 26 of 36 
a couple of leadership in just before we have found a team that's actually 
working, and we have the confidence that the current team can take things 
forward. And it's been almost close to 9 months. Now we're seeing that 
consistent performance as well. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
That's helpful. And any particular investments that you're planning in Saudi 
region in '23 and '24? Any capex plans for that country? 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, we haven't confirmed any plans yet. We would like to commission the 
facility, which was put on hold during COVID in Saudi. It was half constructed. 
We have a 60-bed additional capacity that can be commissioned. So, we 
would ideally and there's not a lot of capital that needs to go in to get that in 
order. We could probably make it go live in another 4 or 5 months. That's 
something which we would like to complete because we are sometimes at 
choking capacity and that this is in the summer months. So we believe by 
October, November, but there are a lot of tenders from the government, 
which are out there, which we would like to bid for. So that's something which 
we would like to do for this financial year. For the next financial year, it's more 
for the pharmacy which is still under consideration, we'll probably have a little 
bit more information to share in the next quarter. But again, this would be 
ideally funded through the minority stake that comes in and we believe 
anyway that lower capex, so it wouldn't be a significant capital outlay. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Got that. And one question on India. I understand that there are capex 
stands for the India business from a 2-3-year perspective. Can you give some 
directional sense on the return on capital employed for that particular 
business? I think the investments are going to be there. So, would it be safe 
to assume that the return on capital employed, whatever it was in FY22, 
might remain flattish in the next 1 or 2 years and only 2- 3 years out, can we 
expect some bit of improvement on that front? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. Sreenath, you would like to answer on the ROCE in India, how it is 
trending and what we are looking at? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 27 of 36 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. So see, the return on capital employed in India, even though the other 
business segments like the labs and pharmacy; the capital outlay over there 
very minimal and we are not expanding across India, right? It's more of 
creating that ecosystem in the geographies where we are present. So that is 
our main strategy of getting into the pharmacy distribution and labs. The 
focus is going to be mainly on the hospitals. Now these hospitals; now most 
of the hospitals are reaching a state of maturity and thereby the return on 
capital employed as well; you'll keep seeing an improvement every year by at 
least 200 basis points from hereon, in spite of some of the losses coming from 
the labs as well as the pharmacy distribution, because that will be minimal. 
So therefore, the return on capital employed will continue to improve, and 
you see that increasing trend for the next few years. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Yes, I think that's quite helpful. So basically, is the understanding correct 
that there might be some margin dilution as the lab and the pharmacy 
distribution revenue share goes up, because pharmacy distribution itself is 
margin capped, right? I mean, at the distribution and retail end. But at the 
same time, that helps our overall ROCE profile. So, would that be fair 
assumption that at the expense of ROCE, the margins might get diluted a 
bit? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Margins yes, on a consolidated basis, the margins, the pharmacy is significant, 
yes, there could be a dilution because pharmacy business, you don't have that 
kind of margin what the other segments are, which we see in GCC as well. But 
the way we are looking at like what I say, the pharmacies as well as the labs, 
it is not that we have an aggressive spree of expansion. We are creating the 
ecosystem. So therefore, this will be limited. We'll pause and take a call once 
things stabilise and once we feel that it is scalable and the margins are good. 
But for now, the focus is more to create that ecosystem. So, considering even 
the lower margins that we may get from the pharmacy segment because the 
business is small, so we don't see that diluting much in India margins. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Thanks a lot. These all are my questions. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 28 of 36 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thanks, Nikhil. The next question is from Alankar Garude from Kotak 
Securities. You may please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Dr. Moopen, you mentioned about 
announcing some more capex plans, expansion plans in the coming 
quarters. Were you referring to the 500 to 700 beds to be added through the 
O&M model, in addition to the 1,300-odd beds which we have announced in 
India so far? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes, yes. So, I was talking not about any new capex where we'll be going into 
new hospitals. I was talking about the low capex model, the brownfield 
model, which we started off and we hope that we will be... See, our hope is 
that this financial year, we'll be able to reach around 750-1,000 beds in that 
category by end of this financial year. It may not require too much of capex. 
It's very minimal capex. For example, the 140 bed hospital which we started 
now in Areekode Hospital. The capex requirement was less than INR 15 crores 
or around that. So, it's not going to attract too much of a capex. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. So basically, that 700-1,000 beds number which you 
mentioned, it doesn't include Aster Mother as well as Whitefield Phase 2, 
right? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
No, Whitefield, that's our own hospital where we are spending money, and 
those are like even when I mentioned about Trivandrum and Whitefield 
overall. The second part of Whitefield is happening. It will take another 4-5 
months for us to complete. Where we are investing in [indiscernible] Aster 
Mother Hospital go to 750-1,000 beds. There are many things in discussion, 
and we hope that we will be able to reach that number by end of this year. 
Alankar Garude: 
Yes. Sorry, sir, I think I lost in between. So okay, can you just repeat the last 
2 sentences, please? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So, there is some echo. People who are not speaking, if they can put the 
mic on off mode, please. Yes. So, what I was saying is there are 2 things. One, 
there are hospitals of our own where we are investing capex. So, Whitefield 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 29 of 36 
Hospital is such a project where we are investing capex and in the next 4-5 
months, we'll be able to complete that and we'll be investing more capex into 
that and whatever has been projected. Now the project which I mentioned, 
like the brownfield and low capex is something like the Mother Hospital or 
Areekode Hospital - 150-bed hospital, where there has been only very small 
amount which has been spent. So, such models, we are looking at different 
places. So, for example, we are looking in Kerala again, another project which 
most probably we'll be able to announce in the next quarter. We are looking 
one in Andhra Pradesh, where, again, it is a very low capex, same model. So, 
there are many hospitals which are being discussed and we hope that we'll be 
able to reach about 750-1,000 beds in that category with very minimal capex 
in this financial year. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sure. That's helpful, Dr. Moopen. Sreenath, one clarification on the margins, 
the India margins. You mentioned about 18% margin expectation in the 
second half. So, was that for the existing hospital only? Or you're talking 
about the overall India hospital business? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
So, I was talking about the hospital business in India. So that is something; see 
if you look at present, our hospital business is 15.7%, right? So, we expect 
Andhra and Telangana to deliver in the next couple of quarters. And we are 
also looking at the Kerala cluster. Some of our hospitals in Kerala cluster are 
doing extremely well and even with good EBITDA margins. But on a 
consolidated basis, because there has been a drag in some of the hospitals. 
We are looking at that improvement, and we expect that the hospitals will go 
up to 18%. It could even get better. There is a possibility that it could even get 
better if Andhra and Telangana vertical, that we are able to bring into good 
margins. We are working on that. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. So just to clarify this, I mean, we have the Whitefield hospital 
coming in the fourth quarter and I'm sure there wouldl be some start-up 
losses from this hospital considering it's our own hospital. So, despite that, 
you are saying 18%-plus EBITDA margins in India in the second half; India 
hospitals rather is possible? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 30 of 36 
Sreenath Reddy: 
That's right. Because see, the Aster Hospital at Whitefield, it will be 
somewhere at the end of the quarter 4. So, despite that, we should be there 
in that 18%. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. And also, given that we are having this hospital expansion 
towards the end of this fiscal. Possible to comment on the trajectory in FY24 
as well? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. So, on the hospital margins? 
Alankar Garude: 
Yes.  
Sreenath Reddy: 
So, see because what happens is that if you look at there are additions to the 
hospitals which is coming up. So, the Whitefield is coming up so for at least 1 
year, that will be losses from that. Similarly, the 700 beds, what Chairman was 
talking about, when we add that, even though it's existing hospitals, those 
margins could be slightly lower compared to our established hospitals. So 
therefore, considering all this, we expect the next year '24, the hospital 
margins to improve from that 18% to 20%. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. The other question was on -- yes, sorry? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
No, no I was just adding. I mean, some of our hospitals are doing even at the 
level of 25%-30% EBITDA margin. So that's a good thing, which we never had. 
So, we have gone to that level, the efficiencies have improved, the occupancy 
has improved as well as the costs have come down. So, we hope that there 
will be many hospitals, especially the larger hospitals, which will be in that 
level of 25%-30% which will be able to, I mean, absorb the losses or lower 
margins in other hospitals. So that's one thing. At the same time, when you 
look at this, the low capex model, which I mentioned, where we are going to 
do it this year as well as in future years, you will find that there is a dilution of 
the margin because this is not owned by us. So this will be somewhere, we 
will have to give a percentage of the overall profit to the people who are 
coming in as partners with us. So definitely, the margin will be lower when 
you look at the EBITDA margin of the hospitals. But when you look at the 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 31 of 36 
ROCE, it will be significant improvement in our ROCE. So that's the benefit 
that we are seeing. The ROCE will go up significantly, whereas there may be 
some dilution of the EBITDA margin. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. Thank you Dr. Moopen. The other question was on the 
investments in labs and pharmacy. I think just now, you mentioned that it's 
more about creating ecosystem and you maintained that, you would like to 
take a pause if required. So just wanted to understand what's the threshold 
which you are tracking here? Is it more in terms of timelines? Would you 
want to give the business, say, another year or so before looking at the 
progress? Or are you taking certain numbers to take that call? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So, regarding this, while we are creating an ecosystem which will be 
complete only when the digital platform comes into India, that will tie up all 
this together, the hospitals, the pharmacies, the labs and the online 
consultation. So, which will take about a year for us to know that how is the 
impact, even though that may be losses sustained in the pharmacy or in the 
lab, how is it overall? And also, it's a start up like. You know that there is huge 
discounting happening in the pharmacies and all. So how are we going to 
sustain without that discounts being offered. We are not going for a 
discounting model. We are looking at a profit model. So how can we do that 
in the pharmacy as well as in the lab? How can we have sufficient number of 
patients coming in, in spite of the competition? So, I gave about 2 years for 
that. I'm not burning cash, but at the same time, not going into profit, but at 
the same time, helping the overall ecosystem, including referrals to the 
hospitals and helping us as a whole. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. And one final question from my side. Can you provide a firm 
timeline on the GCC restructuring as well as the minority stake sale in Saudi? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So, we won't be able to give a definite timeline. One thing which I can tell 
you is that there are certain firm steps which have been done. One is the 
appointment of the investment bankers. Two investment bankers have been 
appointed by the board. And the second is regarding this DD which is 
happening. So, you know that anything, if we don't find a proper value or a 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 32 of 36 
proper price for the GCC, we may not even do that. So, this all depends on 
what price we are going to get from whoever is bidding for the GCC business. 
So we hope that there will be a good value, which will be discovered, and we 
will be able to sell. That's our hope and that's why we are doing this. But we 
won't be able to definitely give a timeline on that.  
Regarding the Saudi, like what Alisha said, we are now, looking at maybe in 
the next 6 months, we'll be able to find a minority partner who can take a 
stake in the hospital and that person probably will also be partner in the 
pharmacy business. We are looking at strategic partner rather than just this 
money coming in. In Saudi, what we have understood by our failure in the last 
7-8 years is that there has to be a partner who is ready to support on ground 
and who will be standing in front and will be seen as somebody who is running 
the business by the Saudi authorities. Only in such a situation, you can have a 
successful business in Saudi. With 30 million population in Saudi, which is 
almost the same, much more than the other GCC countries all together, that 
is the future if you have to have a good business in GCC. So, we hope that we 
have found a partner like that. There have been a lot of discussions. Now we 
have somebody who has been identified. With that person who is coming into 
the hospital as well as into the pharmacy business, we think that we will have 
a partner who will stand in the front and will be able to ride forward. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thanks Alankar. The next question is from Harith Ahamed. You may please go 
ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thanks for the follow up opportunity. Alisha, on the GCC clinics business, I 
think you mentioned that there's been a growth of 26% Y-o-Y, excluding the 
COVID testing revenues. So, what I'm trying to understand is whether COVID 
testing is still a significant part of this segment and also trying to understand 
what is a sustainable number because this is a segment that we've had some 
pricing pressure exerted by insurance players? There's been a significant 
impact during COVID. We've also seen some impact from the economic 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 33 of 36 
situation in UAE in the past. So, what exactly would be a sustainable number 
is what I'm trying to figure out here? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Sure. Thanks, Harith. I can't remember exactly. I will have to ask Amitabh 
about what was the exact ratio of COVID, but I do think Amitabh, what is it? 
Around 10%? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Alisha, at the same time last year from the clinic's revenue perspective, the 
PCR revenue was almost 33%. Now that has come to almost 9% in the clinics 
business. That has dropped down significantly. And which is why, Harith, 
when you are looking at the growth of the business year-on-year basis, it's a 
26% growth if you take out the PCR revenue. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Yes. So that was on the COVID business. So, it has come down quite 
significantly, Harith. On the other part, we've made a kind of conscious 
strategic call that earlier Aster was also eligible for the lower segment of the 
population. We had a clinic network, which was exposed to all the networks. 
Over the last 1 year, what we have said is we want to actively disengage from 
the lowest network. We want to make sure those people have only access to 
Access brand of ours and we want to make sure that Aster is able to command 
a higher pricing and the higher segment, the core middle income segment to 
be our customers. So there has been a reshuffle and change in the portfolio, 
a much stronger focus on that, which we believe will enhance our margins to 
enhance the brand and keep it more intact as well and we believe that this is 
working. So again, it goes back to the whole point. It is with that segment that 
you can push more of that cash business. You can do more of the dental work. 
You can do more of the aesthetic work. So, all of that is much more suitable 
and well suited for the middle income population over there and that's a 
population which is increasing in Dubai. So, post this whole COVID, we are 
seeing that less of the blue-collar workers, all that segment is getting more 
diminished and there is a much more increase in the higher segment and the 
middle income population. So, we said, let's restore Aster brand to be much 
more of the core middle-income brand and avoid the dilution, which had 
happened at some point when we had an overcapacity of clinics and we said, 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 34 of 36 
let's try and increase the volume into the business. So that's something which 
we believe is a much more strategic better the initiative for Aster and keep 
the lower blue-collar workers for our Access brand and referral into our 
hospitals where we have capacity being built up in Aster. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thanks, that's helpful and Dr. Moopen, last one from my side on this new 
hospital in Kerala, which is in Areekode. So, our strength historically has 
been in tertiary care and high-end care. When I look at our other assets in 
Kerala, they're all in the larger cities in the state. So, this appears to be a bit 
of a deviation from our strategy in Kerala and I'm also trying to understand 
if there is a market for the high-end services in a smaller town like Areekode? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So, thank you. So, there are multiple things why we selected this hospital. 
One, this was having an excellent infrastructure. This was built over the last 
15 years, and that has not been successful. So, that has not even been run. 
We are the first people to operate that. So excellent infrastructure, so there 
is a potential for us to even grow it further because there is land and other, I 
mean, foundations even laid for the building. So from the point of view of the 
services that we are offering, as this is only 30 to 35 kilometers from the Aster 
MIMS Calicut, the ability to provide tertiary care in that hospital is there, and 
that is something which we have already started doing. So, we are providing 
services like cath lab, neurosurgery and all these where the doctors from the 
Aster MIMS Calicut; where they can reach in half an hour. So, they are going 
there and providing this treatment. And if at all, there is a patient who has to 
be transported, within half an hour, that patient can be brought to this 
hospital. So, this is a real hub-and-spoke model where basic services like the 
gynecology, obstetrics, general medicine, pediatrics and all are provided and 
the higher services, the doctors are not employed there, but they are actually 
going from our main hospital. So, we also now see, because there is a huge 
issue on the capacity and the full capacity utilization at our Kannur and the 
Calicut hospitals, there is an overflow and this, we are now able to send to 
this hospital and take care of them in a hospital like Areekode. So, answering 
your question, we have been having this strategy and which has worked out 
very well. And just to give you some numbers, we have started 2 months back, 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 35 of 36 
and we hope that we will go into a breakeven next month. In 3 months, we 
are going into a breakeven in the Areekode Hospital. Just because the HR cost 
is very minimal because we have taken all the specialist doctors under MIMS 
Calicut and they are providing the support. And so, the breakeven is very, very 
low amount, even though it is a large hospital. So, we hope that we will have 
good EBITDA coming out of it as we go forward and it will also help to increase 
our footprint in the areas that we are operating. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thank you Doctor. That’s it from my side 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you Harith. As we are approaching the close of our call, the last 
question is from Mehul Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Yes sir. Thank you. So just to confirm a couple of numbers, like your capex 
plan will remain like more of like a INR 580 crores, like nearby INR 600 crores 
for this current year? And of that, around INR 300 crores will be towards 
India expansion? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
That’s right. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Okay. And so far, you have done something like INR 147 crores kind of capex 
in Q1. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
That’s right. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Yes and also, there is one observation like earlier you had a guidance of 
having the Aster lab expansion strategy with 38 satellite labs and around 
500 collections centres, which is now you have reduced to like 35 labs and 
300 centers. So, is there any major change in expansion plan? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So, thank you. We have found that there is a very tough competition like 
what we told earlier because of the competition. We thought that unlike the 
pharmacy, where we have found much more traction, we thought that 
according to the market, we should look at it and try to change like what has 
been told earlier, not to go into North. So, we are trying to create this 
ecosystem so around our hospitals, we are focusing. Beyond that, how much 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 36 of 36 
we should spread and how much we should make it a stand-alone large lab 
alone is something which we are looking at. So that's why there has been 
some dousing of the numbers which has been provided earlier. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Ok sir. Thank you. That’s it from my side. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you Mehul. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the earnings call for 
this quarter for Aster DM Healthcare. I thank you all and the management for 
joining us today. If you have any further questions or queries, please do get 
in touch with us. Have a good rest of the day and have a great long weekend. 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability 
