0 
INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED 
Plot No. 2-B, Sector-126, NOIDA-201304, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, Tel. : +91 120 6860000, 3090100, 3090200 
Fax : +91 120 3090111, 3090211 E-mail : iglho@indiaglycols.com, Website : www.indiaglycols.com 
1 S'h August, 2022 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500201 
Dear Sirs, 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Ql FY23 Results 
Conference Call 
Further to our letters dated 91h and l 21h August, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations a nd 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 20 15, the transcript of the Results 
Conference Ca ll for Q 1 FY23 held on Friday, l 21h August, 2022 is attached. 
The 
same 
is 
a lso 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
www.indiaglycols.com. 
This is for your information and records please. 
Thanking you, 
truly, 
ia Glycols Limited · 
A 
J m 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
£-
Encl: A/a 
Corporate Office : 3A, Shakespeare Sarani, Kolkata - 700071, Phone : +91 33 22823585, 22823586 
Works & Registered Office : A-1 , Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur - 244713, Distt. Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Phone : +91 5947 269000 I 269500 Fax : +915947275315, 269535 
GIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
, '

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“India Glycols Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Results Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
          
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RUPARK SARSWAT - CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
                                             MR. ANAND SINGHAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
                                             MR. SANJEEV GURWARA - PRESIDENT, MARKETING 
                                             MR. SK SHUKLA - HEAD, LIQUOR BUSINESS  
                                             MR. ANKUR JAIN - HEAD LEGAL AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
 
MODERATOR:               MR. SANJESH JAIN - ICICI SECURITIES 
 
                                              

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to India Glycols Limited Q1 Fiscal Year ‘23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participants’ lines are in listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation completes. Should 
you need assistance during your conference please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and 0. Please 
note, that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Sanjesh Jain. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Thank you very much, ma’am. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining on India Glycols 
Limited Q1 FY ‘23 Results Conference Call. We are joined on this call with India Glycols management 
represented by Mr. Rupark Sarswat, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Anand Singhal, Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Sanjeev Gurwara, President, Marketing; Mr. SK Shukla, Head, Liquor Business and Mr. 
Ankur Jain, Head Legal and Company Secretary. 
 
I would like to invite Mr. Rupark Sarswat, to initiate the proceeding with his opening remarks, post 
which we will have an opportunity to go into Q&A session. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
 
Rupark Sarswat:     
Thank you, Sanjesh, and a very good afternoon to everybody. Thank you for joining us for this investor 
call. Let me take this opportunity to give you a brief overview of how the performance has been, and 
then we can discuss the questions. Some of my colleagues will also participate in this. 
 
So let me come directly talking to you about the performance numbers. So for Q1 FY ’23, we have had 
a turnover of INR 1,858 crore at a gross level, which is up 0.1% or nearly flat. We have had a net 
turnover of INR 808 crore, which is down by about 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. The 
EBITDA is at INR 69 crore, which is down in reported terms by 12% compared to same quarter last 
year. And we have had a modest EBITDA margin of 8.4%.  
 
However, it is important to note a few things here, the comparative terms look much more suppressed, 
because last year we had the EOD business, which was transferred to the joint venture with Clariant. 
So therefore those numbers are not there in Q1 of this year, which were included in the Q1 of last year, 
which has therefore affected our net turnover EBITDA negatively. So if I take that apart, what you'll 
see is that as far as top line is concerned, we've had significant top line growth in all three sectors, 
which is BSPC or Biobased Specialties and Performance Chemicals, Portable Spirits as well as 
Ennature Biopharma, and I will touch upon that a little later. 
 
The other thing which has also driven top line growth is the fact that there has been a very sharp 
escalation of costs which also means that it has helped us get the top line because we've got some price 
increases, but it has had an adverse impact in the sense that the margin pressures continue, and we will 
talk about that in a minute. Those are essentially feedstock, energy and freights headwinds that 
impacted the margins. In terms of high-level highlights, as I said, we've had strong sales growth in all 
the 3 segments on a like-to-like basis, when I say like-to-like basis, I take the EOD business out. And 
broadly speaking, there is roughly 18% to 20% increase in the chemical sector, that is again, 25%-26% 
increase in Ennature Biopharma and there is 30% + increase in the Liquor segment. 
 
One of the things that we were doing in the Ennature Biopharma business was to diversify. The good 
thing is that whilst we have maintained the Thiocolchicoside leadership position, we've also shown 
good growth in nicotine, excellent growth in nicotine as another product. And the joint venture 
performance has broadly been in line with the expectations. 
 
As I mentioned to you, key talking point for us from a performance perspective has been an 
unprecedented increase in raw material and other cost, which particular have impacted quite 
significantly. So whilst there has been a fall in the crude prices, there hasn’t been a commensurate fall 
in the ethanol prices, which has also put pressure in terms of our products being competitive in the 
marketplace, despite the fact that we have certain unique position with respect to our products being 
biobased. So the energy cost continue to remain very high. I will touch upon that in a minute. 
 
Looking forward, we had mentioned to you that we are installing two grain-based bioethanol plants 
for our businesses, which means biofuels Biobased Specialties and Performance Chemicals, as well as 
Portable Spirits, which was 180 KLPD in Kashipur and 110 KLPD in Gorakhpur. Now the installation 
of the plant has been done. The trials are beings conducted right now and in near future, we will have 
these plants fully functioning, and we think that medium to longer term these will have very positive 
impact on our margins and that list of line. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
We continue to steady sort of mark in the IMFL space with a few launches like Zumba Lemoni, 
Amazing Orange etc. Again, looking forward, we had mentioned to you that we are working on 
building up a new specialties value-added business. We have had a project approved for that. And now 
the plant for that is right now being erected. We have a good pipeline that we're working on in terms 
of new specialties. And in fact, though a very small point, it is good from our perspective that even 
though our new plant is not ready, but our first product, which is in the oilfield space to a major U.S. 
company is already commercialized and we've started supplies, and this is a significant volume for the 
year. And we are working on a new product pipeline, across six segments, 20 products, which includes 
some speciality amines, oilfield products, some plasticizers, green solvent and so on. And as we 
progress in the direction, we’ll keep you posted.  
 
A short in the arm of kind or encouragement for us was that we were awarded together with our 
customers, Unilever and partner LanzaTech, the ICIS Global Innovation Award in the surfactant space, 
which is encouraging for us. and so that we look forward to doing more. I was talking to you about 
commodity price trends, I think it is important that I give you a flavor rather than just say that the prices 
have been high, so that you understand what has been impacting us, which also means you will also 
have a better understanding of what we can expect going forward, because prices will not continue to 
rise further. So if you go back in competitive terms, say let us talk about coal, which is a major part of 
our cost, product cost and it is a very high part of our cost, see in Q1 2021, on a base of INR 100, the 
coal prices now are more than double, INR 209, and you are all aware of it. In fact, if you look at what's 
happening to coal, is that from a price of about INR 5,500 to be per metric ton, if you were to buy, and 
that is what we are doing, and many others are doing, coal from the private market, it is in excess of 
INR 15,000 per metric tons. Those are, that is higher than the average that is costing to us. 
 
If you look at ethanol from a base of INR 100, it is up something like 59%. And however, some wrong 
tails have also started to soften like acetic acid has been coming down. We also see that ethanol in the 
international market has softened a little bit, and we think that going forward that'll also help us. I had 
plotted some ethanol price trends in terms of imported ethanol from the U.S. If you look at where our 
company sits in this business, it is important to understand this, and it'll also give you a better 
understanding of where we stand. 
 
One of the things which drives ethanol prices locally and our cost, because we have been importing 
quite a lot is the price of imported ethanol, U.S. being the largest exporter of green based ethanol. So 
we have continued to buy ethanol at a rate which has been lower consistently than the spot prices 
because of the timing the way we bought it, which has been good, but there are several factors which 
has been driving ethanol prices, or whether it's upwards or downwards. Some of the key factors to 
understand are the fact that U.S. ethanol production is impacted by gas prices, because it is an energy-
intensive process and they use gas. And the grain prices, which is wheat and corn prices have also 
surged due to the Russian invasion, the Ukraine is a big producer of food grains. Many countries 
continue to focus on blending. You heard recently the targets of 20% and 25% blending by the 
governments being repeated. There is broadly an expectation of a global slowdown, which we are also 
seeing for our businesses. 
 
And the expectation is that the demand for industrial ethanol globally is expected to come down in Q4. 
And the prices we expect will suffer. Some pressure in terms of decrease in rice production in India, 
may also put some pressure, but still grain-based or rice-based ethanol is going to be much cheaper 
than imported ethanol for us. Longer term, the general consensus in the world seems to be that the 
world, particularly the U.S. will move more and more towards EVs rather than ethanol blending, which 
means that even if it does not happen in India, you will have more and more corn being available for 
converting to ethanol for other purposes, which will help us get ethanol for sectors like ours at more 
competitive prices. 
 
You know, it's a very connected world, so it doesn't matter what's happening here. If something big 
happens in the U.S. that also affects us. The numbers that we are hearing in terms of targets are also 
like 50% of the vehicles, which is carbon in the U.S. would be on EV say by 2030, which will make a 
big impact. And so that’s broadly in terms of ethanol space. I have also shared with you a chart on 
freight trends, which helps us understand what the pressures were, but it also helps us understand that, 
look, these are not going to stay forever. Let me give you an example. So if you look at the freight 
costs of product that is shipped to U.S. and I have actually calculated it roughly in terms rather than 
state in terms of dollar per container, which is a little more difficult to interpret, convert it into rupee 
per kilo of our product. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
So the freight cost to the U.S., for example, which was close to INR 7 a kilo in Q1, Q2 of last year is 
up close to INR 46 a kilo, so what you're seeing is that the freight costs have gone up by a factor of 5 
or 6 times which therefore puts a lot of pressure. Now, the good thing is that it seems that the pressures 
which were there in the freight market have also started to soften and we expect that this will continue 
to come down in the near future. And the same trends you see for other products in areas where we 
export, whether it is Shanghai, whether it is Indonesia, Dubai, Houston or Taiwan. 
 
And in terms of how we have done on our market sectors, just high-level commentary, so when we 
talked about Biobased Specialties and Performance Chemicals, we've seen a top line growth of roughly 
20% year-on-year on a like-to-like basis, if I take the EODs out, of course, also driven by price 
increases, and the fact that costs have gone up. As I said, particularly chemicals has faced a lot of 
pressure on margins due to the sharp increase in ethanol and utility costs. We've continued to work on 
a healthy new product development pipeline, I mentioned about it. We've started the work on the Phase 
1 of the new specialties unit, which we intend to commission in the first quarter of the next calendar 
year. And we've also started to commercialize some products, but for us to scale up really, we will 
have to have the new unit ready. 
 
In the Portable Spirits sales, we've seen a healthy top line growth of something like 36% year-on-year. 
And I must also mention that while I'm talking about healthy sales numbers, the comparative quarter 
last year was also a quarter where the demand was under pressure to keep that in context. But margins 
in Portable Spirits have been impacted due to sharp escalation in cost of ENA, which is a purified 
version of ethanol, increase in logistics and packaging costs. However, our grain-based plants are in 
the process of being commissioned. We are taking trial production, that will help us both in terms of 
feedstock security as well as costs. Another thing that we are keeping a close eye on because we have 
an interest to participate in this market is the excise policy volatility in Delhi. Let's see how it plays 
out, but that's something that is not helping the industry overall. 
 
In Ennature Biopharma, which is a smaller segment that we have, again compared to the rather subdued 
last year that we had in terms of volume growth. We've had a good top line growth about 28%. We've 
maintained margins. We've diversified it to nicotine, focusing on diversification and we've maintained 
our market share in Thiocolchicoside as well. I've already spoken to you about challenging operating 
environment in terms of sharp increasing of costs, so I will not repeat that, but what I may add in terms 
of the operating environment is that there continues to be a high degree of uncertainty in the 
macroeconomic environment. And right now what we are seeing is somewhat subdued demand growth 
in our end markets. However, on the positive side, there is increased thrust on sustainability by 
governments as well as industry, which may have some challenges, but I think on the whole, medium 
to longer term, we definitely think that from an IGL perspective, it presents opportunities, and 
irrespective of the demand growth slow-down that we may be seeing, we believe that the products that 
we have in our portfolio and the ones that we are adding, we will continue at a macro level see growth 
over the times to come. 
 
So that was a high-level commentary on how the quarter has been. Let me hand over to my colleague 
Mr. Anand Singhal to take you through the financials. 
 
Anand Singhal:  
Good afternoon. The net sales, net of excise, for the current quarter is INR 808 crore vis-à-vis INR 651 
crore of the last quarter. The EBITDA for the current quarter is INR 69 crore vis-à-vis INR 56 crore 
of the last quarter. EBITDA margin for current quarter is 8.4% while it was 8.6% in the last quarter, 
which is slightly lower than the last quarter. And PBT is INR 35 crore vis-à-vis INR 259 crore on Q1 
last year, which includes the profitability due to transfer of our EOD business to Clariant for INR 240 
crore, and PAT is INR 28 crore in the current quarter vis-à-vis INR 211 crore of the last year first 
quarter and INR 67 crore for Q4 last year.  
 
So this is the brief and I think everybody has already gone through the financials, and we will take up 
the questions whatever in due course. So this is the brief about our financial performance for the current 
quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, at this stage, we will be conducting a question-and-answer 
session. The first question we have is from Balasubramanian A from Arihant Capital. 
 
Balasubramanian A: Good evening. Thank you for taking my questions. Congratulations for good set of numbers. My first 
question regarding that, new grain-based plants. Are these plants have started trial production. Previous 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
calls you mentioned that these plants are expected to make 40% of ethanol requirements, when we can 
able to achieve if there is any timeline, please mention? These are my first questions, sir. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, right. In terms of the numbers as a percentage, whatever we've given that will be maintained. We 
expect that in terms of capacity in this quarter, we should be able to achieve our capacity in terms of 
grain production. No doubt we've had a slightly long, prolonged commissioning exercise, we were also 
doing some retrofitting in our plants and we are using some older equipment etc. So that has led to a 
slightly longer commissioning and capacity utilization in terms of trials. So that is what we expect. 
 
Balasubramanian A: Could you please share some light on market size and demand environments and what kind of 
opportunities we would be able to capture going forward? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, exactly what specifically are you talking about, are you talking about chemicals, potable spirits 
 
Balasubramanian A: So in nicotine, where we are experiencing demand, especially which are the sectors? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
See the major use of nicotine is for therapeutic use. Yes, with nicotine we are new player in the nicotine 
space. So nicotine, the major purpose of, purified or extracted nicotine is as people want to get out rate 
of smoking, which is highly hazardous, even for a therapeutic use, things like patches, etc. use nicotine. 
So that's a major use for our nicotine. Some of it may also find its way into vaping, but I don't have the 
exact numbers into how much is may be going for vaping compared to therapeutic. Our purpose and 
objective here is to supply nicotine mainly for therapeutic use to pharma companies, who are supplying 
products that help you overcome nicotine or smoking addiction. 
 
Balasubramanian A: Branded country liquor segments, we are targeting 6 states, that include Chandigarh, Punjab, Rajasthan 
and UP and Uttarakhand, like where we are right now in terms of penetrations. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So just one second. Are you talking about branded country liquor or are you talking about IMFL? 
 
Balasubramanian A: Sir, branded country liquor segment? 
 
S K Shukla: 
So branded statement, we are the leader in UP, we having the approximately 24% market share in the 
UP, and Uttarakhand we are also the leader in the country liquor business. 
 
Balasubramanian A: Sir, we are currently targeting 6 states further? 
 
S K Shukla: 
No, no, I think you are mixing both, I am discussing about the country liquor business. 
 
Balasubramanian A: I got it.. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, yes. Maybe my colleague Rajuji might just add as to where we stand in terms of our plan. 
 
Raju Vaziraney: 
As far as IMFL is concerned, our home state is UP, there we have good presence in IMFL segment. In 
the Tetra segment, we have a very good market share, more than 50% market share, and we bought 
good price increase in the Tetra segment from 1st April, which has made the business interesting. But 
that is still, you know, UP is huge market as far as IMFL is concerned. And Vodka particularly, like 
Magic Moments sells about 100,000 cases per month in UP alone. UP is also about 20% of all India 
Vodka sales in that price point. So we have launched a brand called Amazing, which is now already 
number two next to the leader brand, and the volumes are increasing at an increasing rate. And since it 
is a home-state where we have a huge advantage of country liquor, so we leverage that strength and 
get our IMFL also going. 
 
Now, as far as 6 states you mentioned, our presence in IMFL in Uttarakhand is also very prominent. 
We have about 20% market share in IMFL segment, and even in Uttaranchal or Uttarakhand, which is 
supplied from our mother unit from Kashipur. Now we are by-and-by moving into other states like 
Delhi, Rajasthan, Chandigarh, Punjab, but we are very careful because this business requires a lot of 
working capital and we have to be sure about the payments. So as a policy, we are moving into markets 
where the payments are secure, where the realization is handsome, because these are new brands. They 
will require time to nurture. We don't want to lose margins. I have less margins than lose money. So 
we are going step-wise. 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
And the good, good point is that our Amazing Vodka is well accepted. So we are concentrating on the 
white spirits. And as a next step, as our CEO rightly mentioned, we are launching Zumba Lemon, you 
know, Lemon, India is a tropical country. There's huge heat 10 months in a year, and particularly now 
the heat is severe, so people want refreshing citrus drinks. So it's order of the day. So Zumba, we call 
it Zumba and Lemon, which is in the price point of Bacardi. And it is in the premium segment. And 
riding on the success of Amazing, we want to go on up, consumers want to upgrade, and go on a higher 
price-points. We want to capture those consumers with our Lemon, we call it Lemoni because Lemon 
is trademarked by somebody else. So that is what will hold future, but as it will take time, stepwise we 
have to go, but once there, then we'll stay there. 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Bajrang Kumar Bafna from Sunidhi. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first question is towards liquor margins. We have been 
going through a rough patch for last couple of quarters, where the country liquor segment, the UP 
government has not allowed for any price increase, despite the increase in fuel cost and packaging cost 
and so forth raw material costs. So there are talks which are going on in the market that the industries 
people have met recently the government officials and they are demanding this for a quite long period 
of time. When can we expect this to happen? And what impact do you see that it'll have on our margins? 
Can we go back to the erstwhile margins when we were making almost INR 40 crore kind of EBIT on 
a quarterly basis, which has now come down to almost INR 22 crore, INR 25 crore. So if you could 
guide on that'll be really helpful. And that's my first question. 
 
S K Shukla: 
Good. So, going to your questions, you are surprised to note that is still in this adverse situation India 
Glycols has maintained the markets share of 24%, first. Second, besides the peak increase in the 
packaging material price mainly the pet, the CC boxes, aluminium, all the packaging material prices 
has gone more than 50% to 60% and truly impacted our margin. That's while the UP distillery is trying 
level best to get the prices increased on behalf of all the members, we are trying, we have approached 
to the government and hopefully, we are expecting another 10 to 15 days we will get the price increase. 
What would be the price increase? It is not appropriate to just inform you because we are not in the 
panel to decide the numbers, but anyway, we are expecting a good price and we expect a good 
profitability in the coming months. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Okay. Got it. So hopefully we might go back to our old glory of those numbers, which we were 
achieving before these old price increases. 
 
S K Shukla: 
Hopefully. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Yes. And my next question pertains to the grain-based distillery, which is already going through trial 
periods of this both the Kashipur and Gorakhpur. So, the erstwhile in last two, three con calls, we have 
indicated that this could help us to reduce the cost structure ethanol and the margins could go up in the 
overall company segment, wherever we use it, whether in chemical or it is in liquor segment. So can 
you give us some update, though Rupark sir has already indicated that this quarter we’ll see this, but 
when can we see full utilization of this facility and what sort of raw material linkage, hedging that we 
have done so far, because we are also hearing that this year the rice, which is a commodity for us, is 
not in a good shape, and there are lot of reports, which are saying that because of heavy flooding, this 
time the acreage is going to be pretty low and there could be some cost inflation on the rice side. So 
what is the hedging strategy that we have adopted and what sort of inventory that we are maintaining 
to safeguard us for those costing increases and get the ethanol at the right pricing? And earlier indicated 
that this segment can do INR 600 crore kind of top line hundred, INR 150 crore kind of EBITDA, so 
some sense now, since it has doing the trial runs, what we guided, can we say confidently that this is 
something which is achievable for us? That's my second question, sir. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, I'll start with your second question first. So in terms of a potential INR 600 crore top line growth 
at, whatever INR 100 crore, INR 150 crore, what you said bottom line impact, that was a correct 
assessment of the project, and that was done on the basis of all green-based ethanol or significant 
portion of that being sold for biofuels. But from a bottom-line perspective, of course, it depends on 
where we use it and we will obviously use it in areas where we make maximum money, whether it is 
biofuels, Portable Spirits or simple. And as far as the use is concerned, in comparison to saying 
imported ethanol, even at some of the slight escalation in grain prices that you may see, our produced 
grain-based ethanol is definitely going to be cheaper. That assumption is still correct, after of course, 
we've commissioned and we start running up to capacity. So does that answer question.  

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
As far as I inventories are concerned, look, fortunately we are in such a position that one, we have, I 
don't know the exact number, we've got significant inventories of imported ethanol which was aligned 
with us. Secondly, we have the opportunity also to buy ethanol domestically, which is also as of now 
somewhat cheaper than what is imported ethanol. So that option is always there. And if we are, say for 
example, not able to meet our requirements based on grain, which we know, grains may not suffice for 
over a long period of time, even if we put that too for the use, we can always buy ethanol locally, or 
we have a season coming up where we can buy molasses and make molasses based ethanol as well. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
I was talking about rice inventory that we are maintaining to run the plant at full capacity, because 
there is an expectation that this rice prices will shoot up because of the lower acreage. So just wanted 
to understand from that perspective, what hedging that we have done for that. 
 
SK Shukla: 
Our both plants, Gorakhpur and Kashipur is in Tarai region of Indian continent. And the paddy, new 
crop is almost going to arrive after 15th of October. So we have the two months, I think, crucial time, 
this monsoon time start from July to September. So the crucial time is up to the 15th October, and we 
have the sufficient stock of rice to continue our production till that day, first. Second, I would like to 
reiterate here that spirits made from grain is in  very good in the taste as compared to spirits made from 
the molasses. That's why UP government has made compulsory one country liquor segment 42.8 
degree exclusively from the grain spirits. So this is the future indication how the government is inclined 
with our promoting the grain spirit in UP. Most probably the government may allow further stream to 
cater with the grain spirit for the betterment of the poorer. So that's why this year we started new 
segment of country liquor only in the glass bottle from the April. And we stood till now the first position 
in the supply of 42.8 degrees segment, which made from the grain spirit. So customer liking is 
abnormally superb in this segment. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
I may add something to say that, look, when we are in a business, which uses agricultural feedstock, 
unlike in the business of crude, we will be faced from time-to-time in situations where there will be 
surplus, and in times when there will be some shortfall. So our business strategy, of course, it sounds 
and clear in terms of why the reasons this plant was putting in and why we have gone for grain 
production. And those fundamentals do not change. For example, on one hand you are reading reports 
about the rice prices may go up, because of war starting and all of that, but I'm sure you are also reading 
that the Government of India in terms of its blending policy is only more aggressive, not less 
aggressive. So which means there is, when you are in segments, like, which are based on agricultural 
feedstock, we will be sometimes faced by quarterly or yearly challenges or opportunities. It works both 
ways, but the longer-term strategy of the Government of India wanting to go up to 20%, 25% blending 
and more is intact, you and I know that. The longer-term strategy that India will continue to be a major 
producer of rice in the world is intact, we know that, the longer-term issue or the issue that we had, 
where we have many times significant amount of stocks of damaged grains is still the case, which is 
what the government has considered and the policy for blending, or for ethanol blending, which is a 
major factor why great plants are coming up apart from the opportunities that Shuklaji spoke about, 
that story has not changed. It is possible that we may have a challenging six months, quite possible, 
unfortunately we are seeing that headwind early in our commissioning, but the longer-term story is 
intact. I don't think that has changed. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Got it. And if I'm not wrong that we have the ancillary infrastructure with us. So we are best placed in 
terms of making margins, especially in the grain segment, because it is not fully grain for us because 
the ancillary infrastructure we got where we didn't invest much. So as compared to other players who 
are coming up in this space, we are better placed to make better margins. So, just to summarize, my 
understanding is right? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. And I’ve again said that when you compare people in the similar business that we have, I think 
strategically we have taken the right decisions. We are amongst, I don't know of any other company, 
which has three sources of ethanol and three potential outlets of ethanol. But yes, we are facing 
challenging times. There is no denying that, which we have told you clearly where it is in terms of the 
positives as well as challenges. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Yes, yes. And just Anandji, one question on the CapEx side, we want some clarity, from a cashflow 
perspective, what is the CapEx number, which is going to be spent in FY ‘23, if you could clarify, that 
will be really appreciated. 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Anand Singhal: 
Bajrang, actually, we have some CapEx expenses, which is to be done on grain, because boiler and 
turbine is under commissioning stage. Apart from this, we are going to put out one specialized chemical 
unit, so total CapEx, which we hope that the expenditure will come in FY22-23 will be around INR 
175 crore to INR 180 crore. 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Sanjesh Jain. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I have few questions. First, from new product development, the products you have listed, one among 
them is Amine, the second one is Green Solvent. Can you help us understand what in the Amine’s we 
are trying to do? And also in the Green Solvent? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So we are developing certain molecules, still they are pilot market and commercialized. I would hold 
back the names, but I would tell you broadly. See, there are three things which are required for 
Specialty Amines. One of the raw materials is ethanol for such one range of Amine. The other raw 
material for another range of Amine is ethylene oxide. And ammonia, of course, or some other form 
where the nitrogen molecule comes in. So our sense, if you see is one, we have ethanol, but many 
people have ethanol, that's one thing. But we are the only ones probably in the world, the second one, 
and only one who would be doing Amines, which are based on biobased ethanol, okay. And so that 
category of Amines we are examining and the major customers for these are also a significant personal 
care companies, for example. We are doing lab trials; we are sampling them. 
 
So we are looking at Amines which are either based on various alcohols, ethanol being one of that or 
ones which use ethylene oxide, which gives us the advantage of having ethanol and ethylene oxide, 
more importantly, having biobased ethylene oxide, and last but not the least, our understanding that 
we have of the speciality end markets like personal care, even though that business in some other 
product ranges is part of the joint venture. So we still have the relationships and an understanding of 
applications and the process development and synthesis knowhow, which is an added advantage. Just 
to clarify, when I'm talking about our product ranges here, all of them are product ranges, which are 
not product ranges identified for the joint venture. They're separate, they're in the non-conflict or non-
compete space. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
But can they buy from us for their products or we have to go directly to the customer? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
No, for these, we can go directly to the customer, but the JV wants it like other customers, they can 
also buy. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. And will it be a long time Amine or a short term of Amine? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
These are right now, we are looking at short chain Amines, but as we complete our development work, 
we'll keep you posted. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And at what stage are we or when can this product say commercial, say will it take a year or 24 months? 
How far are we from a commercial sale? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Look, some of these products, now you are only talking about Amine, but there are several new 
products. Okay. as I mentioned to you, an important product, which was completely new in terms of 
chemistry, we have already commercialized, which is for a significant oilfield player in the U.S. We 
hope to try and do more products for them, and that product itself we are expecting volumes of 
something like 700 tons per year, but that is based on whatever existing infrastructure we have. We 
need new capacities. We are already talking to another major company, I cannot name them right now, 
where there is a commitment of something like 2,000 tons of a specialty molecule, lab trials are already 
being done. We are already in touch with a major for a biobased Amine, with only volumes of 
something like 1,500 tons have been indicated to us. So these will start flowing as soon as our new 
facility unit is up and running. 
 
But some products, you see when you're talking about the product pipeline, you are talking about a 
stage-gate process. So in the list that I review with the team, we are really talking about something like 
25 different development projects. We all know that we are not going to make big in all 25. The point 
is to be able to make big in six or seven of them. So we have top 10 kinds of products where we are 
working on. Then we also have made some plasticizers. We started to sample them. We'll see how it 
pans out, but Amines, definitely we are in discussion, some oilfield products we've already 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
commercialized, and there'll be more which will come in the process. I think as we develop, we have 
more things to tell you in the NSU space. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes. And what is the Green Solvent we intend to make? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
See what happens is, when you talk about Green Solvent, there are two categories which we already 
can leverage. One of them is based on ethylene oxide, broadly glycol ethers of various kinds, but the 
glycol ethers can also be modified by enhancing their properties through formulation and position them 
as biobased solvents, that's one. Then there are a number of esters which are used as Green Solvents. 
So we are working on some esters as well. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And when is this speciality facility, likely to commission for us? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
February, March of next year. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So we are like six, seven months today. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. So as I mentioned we have already started the construction initial stages. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And it'll be a multipurpose plant, right, because we are trying so many products, it'll be a multi-purpose 
plant of Solvents? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. You're right. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
The second question is on the relationship between crude and ethanol. I understand that, but how do 
you see this economic playing for us in medium terms now that we are getting into a lot more products 
from the ethanol side, how do you think? And we have a limited capacity on ethanol, right? We are not 
self-sustained on ethanol. We buy a lot of ethanol from U.S. So that's the volatility, and our competition 
goes through crude. So we will always be either at an advantage or a disadvantage, advantage state, 
but the history says more on the disadvantaged side, how to see this relationship from here, and 
assuming that there is more EV coming in, that means the crude prices will be under pressure in the 
medium to long term. How should we see our margins in the medium to long-term for IGL? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Okay. So I will answer this question in two ways. One is that the interconnectivity between crude and 
ethanol is dependent on so many factors that I can only claim ignorance in being able to predict it, but 
that can do at shorter term. For example, crude, ethanol, biodiesel, food, they're all connected. Let me 
give you an example. If there is increased demand in for soybean, because Chinese are eating a lot of 
pork, which means that people in U.S. start to grow more soybean and less corn, which means it puts 
an upward pressure on ethanol. Green transition, one of the reasons why ethanol has been under 
pressure is that, a lot of, you know, Europe and Latin had invested a lot in green energy, which is hydro 
energy, wind energy. So last year, some of the green energy that they were getting tipped, which means, 
again, greater pressure on ethanol. If crude prices go up now, unlike say 10 years ago, if you go to 
France, and if you go to Brazil at the petrol pump you can decide how much ethanol you want how 
much petrol you want, you can actually blend. So consumers start to shift. Then we talked about the 
fact that global social political situations like Ukraine war, so I think it is a little complex, but let us 
look at it in other ways. In a more longer-term strategic perspective, the fact is that the world will move 
more and more towards feedstock, which are environmentally friendly, which are greener, which have 
a lesser carbon footprint. So this trend will continue. And the other, I said, I’ll answer question in two 
ways. One is that this trend will continue. 
 
Second thing is, in future there will also be innovations. And since you talked about a more longer-
term thing, which I had mentioned about EV is, look, the future of ethanol will also be in terms of 
carbon capture from emissions, what we are doing with LanzaTech is one example, which is carbon 
basically captured from emissions. The other is cellulosic. You saw the Prime Minister inaugurate one 
plant though it is a piece of demonstration where ethanol produced from agricultural waste. So this is 
the longer-term future of ethanol where we move from sugar, to starches, to cellulosic to carbon from 
emission, that longer term trend will continue. And the second point was that apart from depending on 
ethanol macroeconomics for the profitability of a company, the focus has also been that become a little 
independent topic, not necessarily becoming independent by dropping it and not using it, but becoming 
independent by getting into more value-added products. One of the value-added product that we talk 
about is Portable Spirits, which has obviously more buffer to feedstock prices. And the other is 
knowledge-based chemicals, which is value-added chemicals. So that's the broad strategy. There's a 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
longer-term strategy, which we still believe is right to maintain our strength in ethanol and the strategy 
to make sure that we are adding into knowledge-based value-added chemicals and other value-added 
products like Portable Spirits. Does that answer your question Sanjesh a little bit? 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
It answers, but it is still blur to me. We are telling that we cannot find the right balance between crude 
and ethanol. So we are telling that we will go more forward integration away from ethanol and protect 
ourselves. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
No, no, that's not what I said. And I clarified that. We did not say we will move away from ethanol. 
We said that we believe… 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
We are moving farer from the ethanol value chain, like Portable Spirits, specialty, which will have 
lesser volatility compared to ethanol, right? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So that based on the fact that we have strength on ethanol, but has other reasons for us to do value-
added products. So both Portable Spirits and all these chemicals will use ethanol and ethylene oxide. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I will stick with you sometime to understand this better, probably it'll require a lot more deliberation. 
The other question is on the plants on the trial run, how has been the yield, are the expected yield what 
we are getting right now? And the second, probably I may naïve, but correct me, is it only rice we can 
use as a feed stock or any grain? Is there a fungibility on the feedstock? That's the second. Yes, these 
are my questions on the new facility? 
 
SK Shukla: 
So very simple to your answer about the various available feedstock, which can be converted into the 
ethanol. See starch is the main criteria which convert into the ethanol. So in the rice, in the maize, in 
the bajra, in the potato, all are having starch in various percentage. Why everyone is using the grain, 
rice, the broken rice, because of the starch content. Approximately, 69% to 72% starch contains in 
broken rice, and 60% to 62% in the maize, though India is going to explore, we have a lot of 
deliberation, discussion with the UP government about genetic modified seeds to grow the productivity 
of food grains, not only to the productivity, but quality of the seeds, which can be utilized for the higher 
yield and more productivity. But coming to your questions we can use with the same plant, maize, 
broken rice, and bajra and up to some extent, the wheat flour. And you have asked about the yield, we 
are getting around somewhere around 480 litres/ton 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
We are getting there, right. The yield is there, right? 
 
SK Shukla: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the next question we have is from Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
& Co. Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir firstly, as you were mentioning that these figures are not to be on a comparable basis. So when we 
look at your consolidated numbers, are they comparable on a like-for-like basis? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So consolidated numbers are not comparable on a like-for-like basis because of consolidated results 
for last quarter will have the EOD business, which is now part of the joint venture. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. But on a Q-on-Q basis they are comparable when we look at the March number versus the June, 
they are very much comparable? 
 
Anand Singhal: 
Yes. March versus June is comparable. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So looking at what we did for in the month of March, although there is a significant increase in 
the revenue for the Biobased Specialty and Performance Chemical, the margins have considerably 
reduced. So are the effects of mainly the coal or also the -- what explains this significant drop since the 
revenue have gone up where the profitability has depleted? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. So Saket, I actually began my opening slide by mentioning this, that we've seen top line growth, 
which has also been held by price increases, but we've seen some growth, but the biggest challenge has 
been the increase in cost, which we have not exactly been able to pass on, and these have been largely 
increase in ethanol cost, which is a big increase, increase in coal cost, which is a huge increase, and 
also some other factors, particularly, in the export market last year, we were helped by high prices of 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
ethyl, butyl, propyl in the glycol ether space, which have come down this year. So that has also put 
pressure on our prices and made it difficult to increase prices off of this then. So that's a combination 
of what's happened in the food alternatives, what happened the MEG space, which has been unique 
last one year, somebody had mentioned that it's a historic trend, we are always going to be a 
disadvantage, which is not correct. Our disadvantage is that to crude is a very recent phenomenon. So 
these are a combination of factors, which has really pulled our margins down. 
 
And if you see going forward now, I can't say whether it is going be five months or six months, but the 
fact is that your coal prices cannot continue to be INR 15,000. The government rates are still maintained 
at INR 5,500. The issue is that the government is not -- there are supply issues, there are no rates are 
available to transport that coal. So therefore we are having to buy private coal. And the fact that the 
global energy prices continue to shoot up, and if you were to buy actually imported coal, it is INR 
25,000 plus. That is one of the reasons why India is suffering, because people who are to buy imported 
coal that has got slowed down as well. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
But when we look at you, say March number of INR 430 crore on the biobased facility and INR 549 
crore for the June, there is a significant increase in the revenue. So the end product prices have 
definitely moved up. So, if you could explain to us had that been the case, that there is significant 
increase in the revenue, but the bottom line goes down. So there's not complete pass on, on the 
inflationary trend. This is what the understanding is. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Sorry, your last content, can you just repeat. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir. I am trying to make sense of what could have left to this margin decline, when the revenue has 
significantly improved, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, there is a significant increase in revenue from 
INR 430 crore to INR 549 crore. So is it only the inflationary part on coal and freight cost that has 
dented the same? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. So two of them and the fact that, we were easier in terms of competitiveness with some products 
like, ethyl, butyl, propyl, glycol ether, which were more expensive in the international markets in this 
year. And those are the three main reasons, you are absolutely right. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, for the MEG prices, there's a significant declining trend in the MEG prices, correct me, sir, 
today, currently is it trading in this $525 band, INR 46, INR 47 a kg, that is down from INR 58 last 
quarter average? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
I don't know the exact number, but it is true that it has come down further. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So what out of the total portion, what is the contribution from MEG sales sir? 
 
Rajesh Marwaha: 
I would just like to add here that you are absolutely right. The domestic prices are in the range INR 55 
to INR 58, but those are the crude-based MEG prices. We are essentially operating in the biobased 
MEG space. And most of the product that we are doing right now is going into exports, small sales are 
made in the domestic market, which are because of our continued contracts, but the most of the major 
quantity is going into international markets as bioMEG. So that particular level of prices of INR 55 is 
not impacting us in terms of revenue. But yes, it is impacting in terms of the volume, because it is 
bringing down our sales volume a little bit. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So any colour on the realization you can give, especially for the MEG front out the total biobased? 
 
Rajesh Marwaha: 
Our MEG price realization is much higher, because it is based on ethanol feedstock price, and it's 
generally a formula-based pricing. So that's why when you see that the revenue has gone up it is based 
on that. But the margins have come under stress, definitely. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Since the raw material prices are on the higher side? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Saket, we are not selling and competing right now with crude based MEG at all. It is only our biobased 
MEG customers outside of India, that is where we are making our money. In the past, yes, we were 
also competing and selling in the domestic market opposite crude based MEG, but that's not an area in 
which we are participating now and the area where we are participating where the prices are much 
higher, you are right as margins have come down because of increase in energy and ethanol costs. 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, and on the scale of non-core asset, I think so, there is a long time that has gone back, we 
were trying to sell off our non-core assets especially for in the sugar segment. So any update on the 
same sir, any likelihood of monetization? 
 
Anand Singhal: 
Saket, the process is still, I will say in process, but till now the final agreement had not signed. So we 
cannot say that the final version has come out. It will take some more time, although we are on the job, 
don't worry and we'll update you once it is done. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And coming to the point about the Biopharma segment also, sir although this quarter, how 
correct it is that to go for a quarter and quarter comparison for this Ennature Biopharma, because there 
also they have seen a dip in margin, if we take the Q-on-Q numbers, so on a full year basis, if you 
could give us some colour on how this segment is going to behave, and then probably two more 
questions from my side? 
 
Manish Pant: 
Yes, Saket, Manish this side. And I could tell you that the numbers which are right now in the first 
quarter are being visible to you are basically because of the nicotine surge. So, the volume of the 
nicotine are going to be same as for this quarter, and this story is at least will be going to last till the 
March 23. So, you are absolutely right that we could see year-to-year basis, number much higher than 
last year. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.  
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers. Sir, first question is, Rupark sir, 
your mentioned 20 to 25 projects under development, what could be a potential size of these products 
for the domestic market, or if we're eyeing say international market, just to gauge a sense in terms of, 
from a 3-year perspective, where we could be in the chemical business from here on? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Look, I am going to be conservative and not throw a number up, but I will tell you that it is completely 
realistic for us to expect and build a business, which is as big as, if not larger than what has already 
gone into the joint venture. And underlining the word potential, I think potential wise, it is significantly 
higher. It is just that we are at an early stages and as you know, when you are setting up your R&D, 
you are being entrepreneurial, you are drawing up so many products, it’s just that I'm not highlighting 
a projection, but yes, we've done that work internally when we approved that CapEx for the new 
specialties unit as well. 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second thing is, from operational efficiencies perspective, historically our margins have been, 
particularly from the specialty chemicals front, have been sub-par the industry margins, when do we 
expect that we will probably be at par with the industry margins, maybe you can give a broader timeline 
and what are the constituents that will make this happen? 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
I will talk about the constituents. We talked about the fact that we want to have greater presence in 
more value-added chemicals. So that's going to be the driver. The other driver is going to be the fact 
that something completely unanticipated happened. And I think you will agree with me, this, tripling 
of coal prices, doubling of ethanol prices, it's only a last year phenomenon, and it is anybody's guess, 
but you would probably agree with me that this cannot continue forever, and generally it’s happening. 
And the fact that freight prices for exports had gone up so drastically, have you heard of freight prices 
going up by six, eight times in a year, even 20% is high. So this has been a completely, completely 
unprecedented time. So we expect that there will be normalization of cost in freight, energy and 
feedstock, to what extent, how fast, a little difficult. But I think anybody looking at a macroeconomic 
picture will say they should normalize. 
 
And the second thing which is in our hand is to continue to build a value-added business. It's going to 
take time to grow it, you need to develop products, you need to go to customers, it's not a commodity 
product, large volumes start going immediately. So those are going to be the two factors, which will 
help us improve the margins for the chemicals business. And we are acting on, one is a little beyond 
our control, except the fact that we are putting grain-based to help us in terms of our costs hedging, so 
to say, and the second is, to aggressively look at more value-added products. 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, just one question for Anand sir, what would be the debt now, and you indicated about INR 175 
crore, INR 180 crore of CapEx for this year, so what is the debt that we are looking at the end of FY 
’23? 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Anand Singhal: 
Hopefully our debt will be around INR 1,000 crore at the end of the year. This includes the working 
capital limit of INR 350 crore. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there no further questions, I would like to hand the conference 
over to Rupark Sarswat for closing comments. 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So thank you. I've made all the comments that I had to make. Thank you everybody for giving us your 
precious time in the evening to listen to us and hear our answers. And we look forward to meeting you 
again in the next call. So bye from our side. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes today's conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
Head Office 
2B, Sector – 126, Noida, 
Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201304 
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200 
Fax: +91-120-3090111 
Registered Office 
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713 
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500 
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535 
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com 
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
 
 
