AURO BIND 0 
August 19, 2022 
To 
To 
Listing Department, 
The Corporate Relations Department 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
BSE LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
25th floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI ·400 051 
MUMBAI ·400 001 
Company Code No. AUROPHARMA 
Company Code No. 524804 
~~~~----------------------------I.--~ 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call. 
Please refer to our letter dated August 8, 2022 wherein we have intimated the schedule of Investors/ 
Analysts call on August 12, 2022. We are attaching herewith the Transcript of the analyst / investor call 
on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the first quarter ended June 30, 2022 and the 
same is being uploaded on the website of the Company and is available [n the following web link. 
https://www.aurobindo.com/investors/results-reports-presentations/conference-call-trahscripts/ 
Please take the information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED 
r::, .\k, 
B.AdiReddy 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above. 
CIN: l24239TG1986PlC015190 
AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED 
PAN No. AABCA7366H 
Corp. Off.: Galaxy, Floors: 22·24, Plot No.1, Survey No. 83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, Raidurg Panmaktha, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad . 500 032, Telangana, India. 
Tel: +91 406672 5000 /6672 1200 Fax : +91 4067074044. 
Regd. Off.: Plot No.2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad · 500 038, Telangana, India. Tel : +91 4023736370/23747340 Fax: +91 4023741080/23746833 
Email: info@aurobindo.com Website: www.aurobindo.com 

                         “Aurobindo Pharma Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy - Chairman, Aurobindo Pharma USA 
 
Mr. K. Nithyananda Reddy - Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Aurobindo 
Pharma Limited.  
 
Mr. Santhanam Subramanian - Chief Financial Officer, Aurobindo Pharma 
Limited 
 
Mr. Sanjeev Dani – COO & Head Formulations, Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala - CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialties Limited 
 
Mr. Swami Iyer - CFO, Aurobindo Pharma USA 
 
Ms. Deepti Thakur - Investor Relations & Corporate Communications, 
Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Quarter 1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
of Aurobindo Pharma Limited. All participants’ line will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. In order to 
ask a question, please signal by using ‘a raise hand’ option on the bottom of your screen.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Deepti Thakur. Thank you and over to you. 
 
Deepti Thakur: Thank you, Aditya. Good morning and a warm welcome to our First Quarter 
FY23 Earnings Call. I am Deepti Thakur from the investor relations team. We hope you have 
received the Q1 FY23 financials and the press release that were sent out yesterday. These are 
also available on our website.  
 
I would like to introduce my senior management team today on the call with us, represented 
by Mr. P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy – Chairman, Aurobindo Pharma USA; Mr. K. Nithyananda 
Reddy – Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Aurobindo Pharma Limited; Mr. S 
Subramanian – CFO; Mr. Sanjeev Dani, COO, Head Formulation, Aurobindo Pharma Ltd; Mr. 
Yugandhar Puvvala – CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialties Limited, and Mr. Swami Iyer – CFO, 
Aurobindo Pharma USA. 
 
We will begin the call with summary highlights from the management followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. Please note that some of the matters we will discuss today are 
forward-looking, including and without limitation, statements relating to the implementation 
of strategic actions and other affirmation on our future business, business development and 
commercial performance. 
 
 While these forward-looking statements exemplify our judgment and future expectations 
concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other 
important factors may cause actual developments and results to vary materially from our 
expectations. Aurobindo Pharma undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-
looking statements to in reflect future events or circumstances. With that, I will hand over the 
call to Mr. S Subramanian for the highlights. Over to you Sir.  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Good morning, everyone. I hope that all of you and your families 
are safe. We are here to discuss the results of the first quarter of the fiscal year FY23 declared 
by the company. 
 
For Q1 FY23, the company registered a revenue of INR 6,235.9 Cr, an increase of 9.4% year-
on-year, the EBITDA before forex and other income was INR 964.7 Cr declined by 1% quarter-
on-quarter, EBITDA margin for the quarter was 15.5%. Net profit decreased by 9.6% quarter-
on-quarter to INR 520.5 Cr. 
 
In terms of the business breakdown, formulation business in Q1 FY23 witnessed a growth of 
9% year-on-year, to INR 5,329.4 Cr and contributed around 85.5% of the total revenue.  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
API business contributed around 14.5% of the total revenue and clocked a revenue of INR 
906.5 Cr for the quarter registering a growth of 11.6% on a year-on-year basis led by improved 
demand for some of our key products and declined at 0.7% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
On a constant currency basis. US revenue increased by 6.1% year-on-year and 6.2% quarter-
on-quarter to US $386 million. We have received final approval for 10 ANDAs and launched 7 
products in the quarter under review. We have filed 13 ANDAs including 4 injectables during 
the quarter. Revenue for Aurobindo USA, the company making the oral products in the US 
has increased by 5% year-on-year to US $214 million. Revenue for Auro Medics, the injectable 
business increased by 16% year-on-year to $71.7 million. The company has on 30th June ’22 
has filed 741 ANDAs on a cumulative basis of which 516 has final approval and 35 has tentative 
approval including ANDAs which are tentatively approved under the PEPFAR and the balance 
190 ANDAs are under review. 
 
For the quarter, the European formulation revenue clocked INR 1,548.1 Cr, a decrease of 2.2% 
year-on-year mainly due to the depreciation of Euro currency and in absolute Euro terms, the 
Europe revenue was at EUR 189 million with an increase of 5.9% year-on-year.  
 
For the quarter, the growth market witnessed a growth of 30.8% to INR 430.6 Cr including the 
domestic formulation sales of INR 45.6 Cr. The quarter performance led by strong growth in 
Canada business.  
 
For the quarter, ARV business stood at INR 379.6 Cr with a growth of 28.1% year-on-year. And 
in US$ terms, ARV revenue was at $49 million with a growth of 23% due to shifting of certain 
sales from the last quarter to this quarter amounting to US $17 million. 
 
R&D expenditures was INR 310 Cr during the quarter which is 5% of the revenue. Net organic 
capex during the quarter is $61 million and average Forex rate was 76.9795 in the quarter 
ending June 22 and 75.0917 in the quarter ending March 22. 
 
Net cash and investments at the end of June ‘22 was US$ 337 million. The average finance 
cost is 1.8% mainly due to earning multiple currencies.  
 
The business generated a free cash flow before capex and other items of US$ 121 million 
during this quarter. Out of this cash flow, US$ 53 million was spent towards the capex, another 
$8 million was on PLI project, US$ 34 million for dividend and US $22 million for acquisition 
of business and thereby increasing the available  cash , by about US$ 3 million. As a result of 
the above cash flow generated during the quarter, the net cash portion including the 
investments at the end of March ’22 improve to $337 million. 
 
Also, we reduced the gross debt significantly to $277 million from $313 million end March 
‘22. We have been reducing the gross debt quarter-on-quarter in the past quarters also.  
 
This is all from our end and we are happy to take your questions now. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may use the raise hand icon on the bottom of your 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
screen. Once your name has been announced, you will be unmuted, and you can ask the 
question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. First question is from Mr. Prakash Agarwal. Please unmute yourself Mr. Prakash. 
 
 
Prakash Agarwal: The first question is obviously you did fairly well in the US market which 
has shown Q-o-Q growth, is it our preferences volume versus getting into better pricing given 
the gross margin decline or gross margin is largely due to the cost inflation or we have gone 
for volumes in the US also to grow the business. 
 
Swami Iyer: In the US we have grown the volumes compared to the last year similar quarter 
and we have taken  a fair amount of business. We have done, grown in terms of volume and 
the bottom line has various factors. One of the main reasons is the price erosion. And there 
has been inflation also in terms of transportation. We believe that going forward we can look 
for better numbers in terms of gross margins and for the years.  
 
Prakash Agarwal: And when you say price erosion what kind of price erosion we are talking 
about here? It is in line with the previously seen trends of 5%, 7% or it is as reported by some 
of the peers it's double digit or how are we facing? What is the trend we are facing? 
 
Swami Iyer: we are seeing some kind of tapering. We believe that the price erosion for 
example, this quarter, compared to the previous quarter is about  2% plus, and including  the 
shelf stock adjustment,  it's closer to around 3%.  
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay. And what about injectables? I mean that growth doesn't seem to pick 
up, so what's happening there? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Prakash, I think in terms of the growth, we have grown by 16% in US. 
And the overall growth is in the single digits at the global level. And we expect whatever 
approvals what we received during quarter one, and we expect some more approvals to flow 
through in this quarter. We are very confident of hitting the double-digit growth this year. 
Growth is not a concern at all. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: No, but we have a big milestone, right? I mean, we have talked about 
almost doubling the business in next two years. So where are we in that journey? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: we are still on track to hit the guidance what we have given for FY24, 
which is $650 million to $700 million. And as I indicated last year, we closed at a pro forma 
level of around $440 million in FY22. And we expect to cross half a  billion this year in FY23. 
And we are on track for our guidance for FY24.  
 
Prakash Agarwal: So, you're saying it would be largely back ended? Or how should we think 
about in terms of scale up?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: No, it won't be back ended, it will be a quarter-on-quarter growth and 
which you will continue to see the double-digit growth every quarter. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Prakash Agarwal: And one question for Subbu sir is on the gross margin. So, clearly the price 
erosion is stable, 3% is stable in my view, but what is the outlook on the gross margin from 
here on given we have seen a substantial drop in this quarter. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: overall if you really see the gross contribution has come down by 
about 2.8% which is a combination of multiple factors including the price erosion which 
Swami has mentioned and there was some raw material prices increase also have happened. 
Even though the price started becoming stable, but because of the weighted average of some 
of the costs which have not been charged up earlier, have  come this quarter. So, all put 
together around 2.8%. And we believe going forward must be in this range in the coming 
quarter and probably there must be softening coming in Q3. We are getting some indication 
but not from everyone. So  we can start seeing the improvements in the margin Q3 onwards. 
I'm talking about the gross contribution, gross margin, not the EBITDA margin. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Any colour on EBITDA margin, sir. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: EBITDA margin, even though this quarter looks low as we had 
additional expenditure to the tune of around INR 60 Cr on account of the freight because we 
had to reschedule our production process etc. to meet certain regulatory compliance because 
of which  production shifted to the later part of the quarter, which made us to airlift the 
material to achieve the commitment we had given to our customers. So hopefully going 
forward this should not be there in the coming quarter or at least at a very reduced level it 
should be, that’s what our feeling. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: One or two quarter will be there, Subbu, this last quarter and this 
quarter also some extent is there. then it will taper down. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: And last question for RPR, sir. We had Govind sir as our CEO. So, is there 
any update on looking out for a professional CEO going forward? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: As on today we are not looking.  we are happy with the present 
system. And we have for biosimilar and vaccine and the peptides, Dr. Satakarni as the CEO 
and Yugandhar is taking care of Eugia Specialities Group and Nithyananda is taking care of the 
overall and raw material business. I'm taking care of formulation and reporting to 
Nithyananda. I don't think we are looking but, we are going to appoint in next two to three 
years. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, perfect, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Neha Manpuria.  
 
Neha Manpuria: Hello.  
 
Moderator: She has muted herself. Neha, please unmute yourself. Okay. We'll take the next 
question. Next question is from Shyam Srinivasan. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Hi, good morning, everyone.  

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: thank you. So, just I missed little bit of the opening remarks. So, just in the 
US revenues, I think we talked about lower price erosion, but Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y we have grown. 
So, what's driven that new products or new contracts and old products, if you can help us 
understand? 
 
Swami Iyer: Shyam, one is we have done additional volumes across some of our business. 
First and foremost, we had some supply chain constraints. So, we could not bring in those 
kinds of volumes. And this quarter, there has been an improvement in terms of volume. So, 
the demand for those products were good, so we could increase the volume for those 
products. And apart from that, we also tried to get some of the base business additionally. 
So, we have been partly successful in that. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Generally, in second and third quarters, some seasonal products 
also will improve and particularly like antibiotics and those things. This is also one of the 
reasons, and then other thing what Swami is telling. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Swami and RPR sir, but the volumes came at much lower prices, because 
the gross margin comment you made on pricing question, is it US only what we have seen it 
elsewhere as well. 
 
Swami Iyer: Shyam, as far as the gross margin is concerned there will be lag for improvement 
after these prices go into effect, there is an inflation in terms of transportation and we have 
taken on additional volumes and some of the additional volume products may have product 
mix wise the margins are below. But like Mr. Reddy mentioned, we are looking forward to 
higher volume and the mix could be better. And we believe that the lag in the price changes 
that we have seen that were might somewhat be nullified a bit going forward in the second 
and third quarters. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it, very helpful. Second is on Europe and also on biosimilars. So Europe 
as a business, we've seen it, you're accounted for FX reasons, but clearly, even here, we have 
seen like lacklustre growth for quite a few quarters. So while the US engine is probably slower, 
and Europe has remained and these two are like almost two thirds of your business. So just 
want to understand what's happening in the Europe front and the linking point is there any 
update on the biosimilars in terms of either approval or queries from EMA anything. 
 
Sanjeev Dani: Yes, so, Shyam just to put it in perspective, the Europe business is pretty stable 
and growing. This quarter, we have the 6% growth, the previous quarter was 7% growth and 
the markets are about 0% to 3% growth. So we are expecting 5% to 8% growth year-on-year 
and that has been always the guidance. we are not looking at double digit unless we have 
made in the past acquisition then only it is grown. Secondly, the future growth drivers are of 
course a new products. So, we have several new products which are waiting for approval 
something close to 43 and we have another 118 oral products under development then we 
are looking at the oncology products injectable and oral which are another close to 50. And 
injectable the new plant which is expected to start filing early next year that we are looking 
at about 50, close to 50 products and then biosimilar which are two, which are already filed 
for now almost nine months. So, all put together the addressable market is $34 billion and 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
even considering the net price etc. And then 5% to 10% market share we are looking at about 
$300 million plus in the next couple of years. So, I guess that the new products once they are 
there the speciality driven, we will be able to grow faster.  
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: So as far, Shyam, the biosimilars as we told in the last call two 
products we've filed in UK and Europe and 180 days will be in the next one week from date 
of filing. Then we will have a lot of clarity where we stand. And we have filed in UK third 
product and that is not the global clinical but US as we told as on today we have four global 
clinical work going on. And out of those one we are going to file in the first quarter of 2023-
24. And in the same year in the last quarter, we are filing second product in the US. So yes, 
we will file two products and next year we will file total five products in the Europe. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: One from data point, where we are margins in Europe at this point of time, 
still above double digit. 
 
Sanjeev Dani: Yes, margins are, EBITDA is in early double digit. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Neha Manpuria.  
 
Moderator: Neha, can you unmute yourself? Okay, we'll take her again. Next question is from 
Praveen Kale. 
 
Praveen Kale: Hello, good morning.  
 
Praveen Kale: I would like to ask the question on behalf of the retail investors. So in terms of 
our investment in the stock, we haven't seen much appreciation, what is the result mean, for 
retail investors like us, because we had a lot of hope on also the Eugia Pharma investment. So 
that did not come through. And the prices in the stock hasn't been reflecting the progress 
that you've been making. So as a retail investor what should I be expecting in the days ahead? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Mr. Praveen, while we may not like to comment on the movement 
of the share price or where it is;  in terms of the performance, we have given a very clear 
roadmap where we are heading to on various things. And if you have  seen  our annual report, 
also, we have said what are all our growth pillars, which is what going to deliver it in the 
coming years. And I'm sure for your benefit, I'll repeat one is the biosimilars, second is Eugia, 
as Yugandhar just explained and we are getting into   Pen-G project, we are getting into the 
China project. So many projects, and as on date, there are six plants are under commissioning, 
and once these have been successfully commissioned, this will also add to the top line and 
bottom line, etc. So  from our side  what are the company’s growth levers and the 
management has to do in terms of working out strategy to improve the top line and bottom 
line; we have been doing that. 
 
Parveen Kale: Well, I really appreciate your efforts in this regard. And I do hope that I mean 
as a retail investor who has a lot of hopes in the progress of your company, you guys do really 
well in days ahead. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Anubhav Agarwal. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Subbu sir, there are couple of clarities first, you mentioned about $17 
million number, is that shift which has happened the US segment or the ARV segment? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: It is at the ARV segment, Anubhav, because we follow the AS 115 
revenue recognition, if the material has not been loaded into the vessel, we will not reckon 
the sales, last quarter we could not do which has happened in the month of April. That's the 
reason why  got added here. And similarly, this quarter also  sum of around $5 million got 
deferred to the next quarter. So this is a continuous phenomenon. But since the number is a 
significant one, we thought better to inform the market/investors. On an average the ARV 
business, we have been looking at, which has been explained to you in the past quarter also,  
will be around  $35 million. At least we have been targeting to achieve not less than $35 
million, quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Helpful. Second question is just a clarity on the other expenses actually 
even adjusted for the INR 60 Cr number that we talked about; other expenses has gone up 
significantly quarter-on-quarter. There is even if I adjust for INR 60 Cr, there's INR 100 Cr jump, 
I understand this quarter has integration of the India acquisition that you have done that 
would have added some, but still a higher number. 
 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Anubhav,  what is happening is you're looking into the numbers in 
rupee term;  we need to translate all the Euro, US$ and everything into rupees, which has also 
added up significantly  is  one of the reasons  plus as we said in the past  when you can 
compare exactly Q1 FY22 versus Q1 FY23 so much of freight cost etc. has increased in the Q2 
or Q3 of last year, it is not comparable. If I demonstrate some number, the freight costs which 
are there in Q1 last year has nearly doubled in this quarter even though I mentioned about 
INR 60 Cr which is the additional only pertaining to this quarter compared to last qtr, but 
overall freight cost, solvent, all the expenses for everything has gone up substantially in the 
last one year which we have been explaining in every quarter. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Subbu sir, I was not comparing year-on-year, actually if you look at March 
quarter versus June quarter, our total other expenses has almost increased by INR 170 Cr, so 
let's exclude the INR 60 Cr number that you talked about. Now freight costs, I am not sure 
how much they've increased March quarter versus June quarter. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: If I am right, Q4 other expenditure was INR 1,457 Cr vis-à-vis INR 
1,504 Cr this qtr, which is an increase of around INR 50 Cr. This INR 50 Cr increase, I can clearly 
said INR 60 Cr on account of the freight plus we have the Indian domestic integration etc. I 
really do not know which number you're comparing. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: I am comparing the same numbers but it in this numbers your R&D has 
reduced by significantly right as well. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: R&D is not only the other expenditure, it involves the payroll 
employees which is the biggest cost, we are nearly so much of payroll cost and other things 
plus it is a question of translation also. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: But won't bulk of R&D be captured in other expenses rather than the 
personal cost? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Everything it will go into, it's spread over all the elements of cost 
like in payroll it will be there, in other expenses, will be there everywhere. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Okay, let me simplify. Is this a new base or just so INR 60 Cr is adjustments 
we make for this then is it a base that we work with until unless the freight cost comes down? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: I think around 1500 cr; this is what when we said INR 1,504cr  at 
least it has the incremental cost of around INR 50 Cr to INR 60 Cr pertaining to this quarter 
alone. And probably the INR 1,450 cr is what we need to look at it subject to the translation 
effect on a quarter, the forex and other things. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: And R&D we should think about somewhere between INR 350 Cr to INR 
400 Cr range a quarter or like what?  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: I think that is what we see typically. As chairman explained while 
talking about the biosimilar, we are getting  four biosimilars into the clinical trials in this year, 
probably the impact of it, you can start seeing it from Q3 and Q4, So you can see the biosimilar 
costs going up, And by the time we hope as explained know the freight costs are a little bit 
softening probably that impact may come down and we are also trying to ensure we are 
moving the material more into the sea route rather than to do  airfreight. So we are also trying 
to do all the possible things by which the cost is controlled. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: And just last question $22 million that you talked about in acquisition, 
question, what does it pertain to? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: It is the Veritaz which we are explaining around INR 170 Cr plus 
GLS INR 9 Cr. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Yes. Okay. Got it, clear. Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Okay, thank you. Next question is from Surya Patra. 
 
Surya Patra: Yes, thank you for this opportunity. Sir, the first question on the US business. 
Pardon me if I’m repeating this, I have joined relatively lately. Sir, there is a kind of positive 
surprise in terms of the US generic growth what we have seen in this quarter, despite our 
earlier guidance that possibly a 13%, 14% kind of price erosion that we have been seeing for 
our base business. So and simultaneously obviously, there is a kind of impact on the gross 
margin also that we are witnessing. So is it fair to link these two things, and think that the 
growth would be possibly in the US market is coming at the cost of margin, because the 
volume was so –  
 
Swami Iyer: Surya, thank you. First and foremost, I’d like to clarify last time Mr. Reddy had 
mentioned  that we have to watch one or two quarters as far as the erosion is concerned. And 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
he hinted that probably it may not happen the way it has happened. And that is kind of a 
factual statement, it turns out to be factually correct, we are not experiencing that kind of 
erosion that we did last quarter. That’s number one. Number two, with regard to the margins, 
the margins, there are various reasons for it. One is, of course, the increase in certain costs, I 
had mention earlier, that there would be a time lag for some of the realization, that's all the 
savings that could happen. For example, just to tell you, the gasoline prices have gone up. So 
the transportation costs are shot up and now we have seen in this quarter, the prices coming 
down, naturally, that’s going to translate into lower costs for us. So I don’t want to get into 
those kinds of details, but primarily what we are saying is Q1, we did have certain increases 
in costs, and these were not matched in terms of realization. We did take a lot of volume and 
there could be quarter-to-quarter, there could be a product mix issues. So, we earlier, I do 
remember one of the investors call we mentioned that you should not take quarter-to-
quarter. Overall, I think we will do better. 
 
Surya Patra: And regards to this India Business foray obviously, initially we had indicated 
about the branded formulation foray in the market, but our expectation was really low, like 
INR 1,000 Cr kind of base in two-to-three-year time. So, that will not influence at all our overall 
business model. So, and we are currently doing multiple small acquisitions to build up. So, 
what is the ultimate plan here and can it really be more influential positively to our overall 
business? If we can throw some light here, how should we think? 
 
Sanjeev Dani: Surya, I do agree on for an INR 25,000 Cr company, INR Cr 1,000 Cr will not 
contribute so much, but that is how we want to make a start because launching organically 
we will not reach anywhere around even that number. So, in the timeframe that we are 
discussing, so we have to make an acquisition, but I guess we have to keep on looking 
opportunities and look at the strategic fit and also not at a very high valuation which is the 
current level. So, I guess that we will be spending our money or investing money wisely. 
 
Surya Patra: sir on the European operations, Sanjeev sir, so although we haven't targeting the 
kind of more integrated manufacturing activities in India, should ultimately be driving the 
overall profitability to the company levels. And I think the major trigger on that front is the 
launch of injectables. So, there when should we really consider this injectable ramp up 
happening or launches happening in Europe and that should be bringing at least the 
profitability beyond 15% level because it has stuck at that level of 11% 12% levels in some 
time.  
 
Sanjeev Dani: not only injectable we also talked about biosimilars, so that also will give higher 
profitability margin, but I remember CEO of Eugia talking, Yugandhar, who is also on the call 
talking about filing the products in early next year, so I guess it takes about a year to get the 
products approval. So you can look at FY24 onwards these impact coming but meanwhile 
some of the capacities are being expanded. So even existing approval, we will be able to meet 
the demand. 
 
Surya Patra: Okay, just last one bit, sir, on the PLI side, so with a significant change in the 
pricing scenario of the Pen-G and all that. So, do you think this proposition has changed 
meaningfully from the time of that we accepting the contract and now the situation becoming 
even more significantly better for our operation and what is the stage of that PLI project? 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Surya, just to address the status of the PLI project  the project has 
already started and will be expected to install the entire thing by about maybe Q2 and then 
do the pilot batches etc. Hopefully, we'll be completing by Q4 2024. And we are expected to 
commission the project as on first of April 2024. That is what we think, while our endeavour 
is to complete it earlier, but this is the target which we have been working on. In terms of the 
prices, I think we are 18-months away from the commissioning date and we will not like to 
make any statement depending upon the current price etc. So, let us face it as and when it 
comes to near the date. But yes, there is a positive but whether this is a sustainable pricing 
etc. we do not know at this stage. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: And Subbu, it is not only pricing, the input costs of Pen-G also has 
increased, coal increased, power increased, and all these things, the increase in the price also 
because of the costs also are increasing. we are going to complete the plant before December 
‘23. And we're going to start before March of ‘24. 
 
Surya Patra: Thank you, sir. Wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Nitin Agarwal. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: So, thanks for taking the question. So, my question is on your China business. 
Can you just give us more update on where we are on the China business in terms of this 
meaningful commercialization revenues coming in from there? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: On the China business as we told the plant was completed, we have 
taken around 11 exhibit batches and the filings will start from October onwards because six 
months stability we have to put. Nowadays any formulation plant after you complete the 
plant, it is taking four years or five years to become the commercial production because 
commercial production means you have to take the products, file the products, approval has 
to come then the meaningful approvals some five six approvals come then only commercial 
will start. So, this will take time, in 2024 we expect our commercials will start in Jan. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: And on your inhaler business filings, which are there in US, can give us some 
more colour on how many products that we filed and when we are looking at approvals for 
this segment. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: No, we have filed only one product as on today that is year before, 
year end up before. And we are working for another three projects and maybe if everything 
is alright in 2023 second half we can file, at least one product. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: Okay. And secondly on the oral business. There has been during the quarter 
lot of talk about certain companies talking about withdrawing from certain products. Are you 
seeing any changes in the dynamics in the business, has pricing beginning to improve in 
certain products? Is there anything improving any signs of improvement in the oral business 
in general? 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: No, there is no improvement, as we told in the first quarter also the 
sizeable of 2% to 2.5% the price erosion, 1% of the shelf stock adjustment, it is more or less 
similar or little more than the last year, last year including shelf stock it is 10%- 11%. This year 
in the first quarter itself is around 2% - 2.5% and 1% the shelf stock, shelf stock is only one 
time, it is not a regular thing, one quarter at a time, but we hope let us see the further quarters 
because I cannot estimate whether it is going to substantially reduce the price reduction or 
something. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: And then are you seeing opportunities for shortages and all beginning to 
improve again or the situation is a very few shortage of products, I think there have been a 
reduction, the shortages have reduced quite a bit over the last few quarters. Yes. Is there any 
change on that or that's also a similar? 
 
Swami Iyer: No, we have not seen any opportunities because of that, at least I would say we 
are not seeing any major opportunities as of now. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: And sir last one, we have a very large capital work in progress on our books 
right now, can you give us some sense on which are the large blocks of CWIP and when will 
they get commercialized? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Nitin, we have three plants in US under installation and 
commissioning. And apart from that, in India, also we have the injectable Vizag plant, then 
the biosimilar plant, then China plant. 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Then vaccine plant, India around three or four plants. In US our 
Dayton plant, Puerto Rico and as well as the Raleigh plant, all these are under various stages, 
these plants has to come to commercial. almost seven plants are in Work-in-progress. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: And, sir, by when do you see commercialization of all these seven plants 
coming through? 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: It starts in a year, and end with the next three, four years. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: Okay, thank you, best of luck. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Vinod Pathiparampil. 
 
Vinod Pathiparampil: first, a quick question. I believe earlier, you have said that generic 
Revlimid in the US would be a FY24 launch for you. Is that, does that hold true even now? And 
would that be a significant opportunity for you? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yes, it is in FY24 launch, but as the settlement discussions with the 
innovator are confidential, I cannot comment on the financial percentages, but yes, we are 
launching in FY24. 
 
Vinod Pathiparampil: Okay, great. And next a general question, when I look at your US 
portfolio, a large part or look at your overall business portfolio, a large part of that is US and 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Europe. And in both these market terms slow growing markets, you already have a reasonable 
market share, the kind of growth we can see is around 5%, 6%. Not significantly more than 
that. And you mentioned that some a little while ago as well. So and of course you add all 
these new things you're trying to do biosimilars, China etc. maybe it adds a percentage point 
or so. So is that a 6% or 7% the kind of growth we should look forward to over the next two, 
three, four years? Or am I missing something? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yes, that's what we can expect, that's what we are also expecting, 
until unless there is no other any surprises don't happen in the global side, the present costs 
are more or less stable. And we hope next after a quarter also the prices slightly may come 
down also. And that is what we are also expecting because one after the other six, seven 
plants should go into the commercial and profitable. that will take some time. So all these 
things will come then definitely more growth may expected after one or two years. 
 
Vinod Pathiparampil: So my question was more like do you have anything in mind to take this 
growth from 6%, 7% to say 11%, 12%? Is there any such plan in mind? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Vinod, I can just try and explain in terms of each and every business unit 
has a different growth trajectory. Let's assume in a speciality business, whatever you're 
mentioning that double digit growth is possible. In terms of OSD, it will be different, in terms 
of biosimilar it will be different. So like you need to just look at in a different segments and 
opportunities and the growth trajectories will be different for different businesses. 
 
Vinod Pathiparampil: Okay, understood, thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Tushar Manudhane.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: So just on this extending previous participant’s question, so while these 
products under your different niche categories are under development, and we already have 
a huge base of existing products under approval or pending approval already filed. So how do 
we see the filing pace of ANDAs over let's say next two years? 
 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Tushar, we have been filing around 10 – 12 products. even this 
quarter also we filed 13 products with them. In the past, also, we have been filing around 50 
products plus year-on-year.  maybe around COVID time it has come down. So, we don't see a 
reason why it has to come down dramatically. And we will endeavour to make it continue the 
same filing. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: And secondly, on the operational costs, like in recent months, we've 
been hearing they are softening. So, if you could just put some numbers, let's say is it down 
5% 10%? Or even that is too much for us. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: 5% 10% on what? 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Tushar Manudhane: In terms of this inflation link down drill cost or in terms of this logistics 
cost? We have been hearing that there is some reduction that has happened. So, any ballpark 
would you like to put? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Yes, we expect the reduction will start happening. But whether it 
will have full impact in this quarter is not sure. But as Chairman said, the prices are stable, 
and it started coming down and probably we will be able to see the full impact of it in the next 
quarter ie Q3. But certainly, some impact will come in this quarter. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Sure, sir. That helps. Thanks, thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Charul Agrawal. 
 
Charul Agrawal: Hi, thank you for taking my question.  
 
Charul Agrawal: Yes, thanks, this is Charul from Bank of America. I wanted to understand that 
you have $300 million in your cash, given the current stock position, do you have any plans 
for stock buyback? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: This is the matter which cannot be talked, there is no proposal as 
on date on the table. As and when this proposal is talked about it, it will be dealt by the board 
and any decision taken we will immediately inform the stock exchanges. But as on date, there 
is no proposal. 
 
Charul Agrawal: Okay, understood. And the second question is regarding the value unlocking 
in injectable business. So now that strategic investments have seemed to be delayed, are 
there any other plans for the value unlocking that we're looking for? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: So this matter has been discussed both by the COID and the Board 
of Directors. And they will look into  any option in the best interest of the shareholders at the 
appropriate time in the future. As on date, we don't see in the next six months anything will 
happen like that. But if at all anything happen, board will decide in the best interest of the 
shareholders. 
 
Charul Agrawal: Okay, understood. And my last question is on the depot injectable. Do we 
have any update on the same? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Charul, it is the same thing what I said last quarter. Our 3 depot products 
are under execution. And we will keep the investors updated every quarter in terms of the 
progress but it is on track as I mentioned last quarter. 
 
Charul Agrawal: Thank you, that was all. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Damyanti Kherai. 
 
Damyanti Kherai: Hi, good morning.  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Damyanti Kherai: Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is on Vizag injectable 
grant. Did you mention majority of supply pickup will happen after FY24? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Damyanti it is like this. Vizag injectable plant will start the validations and 
filings in Q4, Q4 we will be doing validations. And then Q1, Q2 of FY24 is where we will be 
filing and in all probability and by FY24, quarter four, we should start commercializing the 
plant. And it depends on inspections and other matters as you said. So it is, we'll start with 
the emerging markets and Europe and then subsequently also commercialize the plant for 
US. That's the plan, but this is an additional plant and which we want to use it as both the de-
risking and capacity enhancement for a number of molecules where we have additional 
demand. 
 
Damyanti Kherai: Okay. So, for this target of $650 million to $700 million sales for generic 
injectable, there is less dependence on Vizag plant and you believe the existing capacity 
should be able to meet the stated goal. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: You're absolutely right. 
 
Damyanti Kherai: So, in existing plants, where all you have expanded capacity? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: See, we have existing four commercial plants; one oncology and 
hormonal plant, one Penem plant and so, everywhere we have added additional lines 
wherever we have excess demand, we have added additional lines and so, in three plants, we 
have expanded the capacity and the fourth plant also we are planning to expand the capacity. 
So, that is a continuous process, Damyanti. 
 
Damyanti Kherai: Okay and all these expansions are good enough to meet the target which 
you have set for yourself. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Absolutely. In fact, whatever we feel is with these four plants can take 
care of demand up to FY26. 
 
Damyanti Kherai: Up to ’26, okay. And my second question is on any update on the unit seven 
and unit five which had undergone FDA inspection in previous month? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: regarding unit seven we are already informed the stock exchange 
that we have been classified as VAI and the unit 5 also we have informed the stock exchange 
at least a month back that it has been cleared. and we have given a proper disclosure to the 
stock exchange. 
 
Damyanti Kherai: Okay and my last question is on vaccines. How should we look at this 
opportunity moving up in next two to three years and what are the key near to medium term 
goals for new year? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: As we told in previous calls one product we may launch if the clinical 
trial go through in one or two months. We hope the outcome will come, once it is there we 
will launch in India and then we are also working in another two vaccine projects, this will 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
take another one and one and half year. So that is the way that it's going slow but it is getting 
very steady. 
 
Damyanti Kherai: So mostly two years from now, we should be seeing good ramp up 
happening. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yes, two years we can see profits in this company. That is what I am 
hoping for. 
 
Damyanti Kherai: Thank you. I'll get back in the queue.  
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Thanks, ma’am. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Prakash Agarwal. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Thanks for the follow up. Yes, just two things. One is during Q3 call, we had 
talked about acquisition of 40 ANDAs, 32 I guess within market. So, is it a function of that that 
is playing out in this Q1 where the sales have improved? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: No, that is - work is going on that CP30, PAS  out of that 40 and there 
is nothing has come into to the commercial. And we are hoping and it will come from 
September, October onwards one product after another product will come  definitely;  
because it is CP30 or it is PAS, it won't take much time because the only thing is we have to 
take the product and take the batches here and keep the stability and file it, maybe CP30;  
this will take some time. So that is the reason most probably you can take in the early next 
year the commercial, the result will come from this 40 products. 31 is the oral and, three are 
injectable, and around six are derma products. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: So correct our understanding, so these are not currently commercialized 
products which are having running sales. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Not in our portfolio. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, so this gets transferred to your portfolio through your filing and then 
you start monetizing the same. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yes, From early January, we already transferred to Aurobindo name, 
and we already working on the filings. We already filed around seven products. And the 
commercial benefit will start from early January. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Early January, perfect. And what is the running, I mean expected sales run 
rate from these? How would it start? It would be like a step function. And what would be the 
expected sales from this portfolio? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: I will come back, Prakash, I'm not sure, how many to what products 
I filed, I have to look into that I will come back on that. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, perfect. And lastly on clarification on the first question that I had 
asked. So, I think what I understood was this gross margin would be still softer in the 
upcoming quarter from 3Q, you would start seeing some improvement with the function of 
improving freight and raw material cost. Is that correct understanding? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: That way as long as if the R&D expenditure is not going up, 
otherwise, the profit has to start to see a little bit improvement. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: And so when you say R&D, what is the rate that you're looking at for this 
year and next year, given that we have lot of complex products under development and that 
we would also see filing? So, how do you see that ramping up or what is the guidance on that? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: So there the program which has been explained, Prakash, first 
quarter we have done 5%, on an average we have been meeting around 6% to 6.5% last year. 
So, we will continue to do that probably on the overall basis anywhere could be 5.75% to 6.5% 
could be the thing based on their programs, and depend on how the other programs are going 
fast. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Yes, but would it not be fair to think that this will go up given that you have 
significant range of complex products which will require CT 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: From the biosimilars and from the Raleigh plant, the MDI projects, 
and  other plants more or less every quarter are  going in a structured way. So there may not 
be additional and so these two areas, some additional expenditure as to increase , it may little 
bit increase some another one  percent but less than 1.5%, it may increase the additional 
R&D, If this clinical expenditure comes into the account. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: We need to see, Prakash, adding to what Chairman said. We need 
to see the timing, whether it can spill over between Q4 of this and Q1 of next year like that, 
we need to see that. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Kuldip Yaqik. 
 
Kuldip Yaqik: Hello, thank you for the opportunity. So I'm very much confident on pharma 
business, but could you please elaborate about the vaccine like how many products are there 
in R&D now, and as you said that two, three products will be rolled out in couple of years 
maybe two to three years. So what is our future prospect on other R&D products. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: we are working on multiple things, Kuldip. We are working on 
Nasal we are working on Derma, as Chairman explained on the inhalers also, we are working, 
transdermal we are working etc., if you really see in the case of Nasal, we have already got 
two products approved and we have filed one product and under development is around nine 
products and Derma we are working more than 30 products and we have already filed some 
products. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Kuldip Yaqik: Sir, you're talking about Derma but I have talked about vaccines. So yes, is it the 
type vaccines? Yes, I am talking about vaccine.  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: As on vaccine, as Chairman explained, we have already done the 
PCV vaccine and the outcome of the results will be known in two, three months we will come 
to know of it and that is what we are working as on date. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: And another two projects we are working. 
 
Kuldip Yaqik: Okay. And you said that it will be launched in India. So is there any other 
competitors are also there for these products? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yes, there must be another one or two people definitely and we are 
willing to take up after that to WHO that will take another one year. 
 
Kuldip Yaqik: Okay. Thank you. And what could be the market size if it is launched maybe in 
two years? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: let me check with the concerned person, and come back, but I’ll 
come back to you in the next one. 
 
Kuldip Yaqik: Okay. Thank you, sir. Good luck. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Vishal Manchanda. 
 
Vishal Manchanda: Thanks for the opportunity. Would you have a number as to what would 
be Aurobindo’s market share in the oral solid dosage category in the US? By prescription 
volumes? 
 
Swami Iyer: Vishal, by prescription volume, we are number one in the US. And that is just by 
Aurobindo itself. We also have some private labels that would be additional. So we had done 
in the last one year through May based on the IMS, we have done about 4.4 billion tablets, 
approximately. And with this, we are the number one on an annual basis, we are close around 
20 billion. 
 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay, and 20 billion is in terms of number of tablets, you said? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: That's correct. And this is only from our Aurobindo side plus, as you 
know, we also have some partners. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: what is the percentage he is asking, Swami. Our’s around 7%, 7.1% 
or how much is, Swami? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: If I recollect it is 8.3%, Swami. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Somewhere around that. And we will come back.  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Vishal Manchanda:  That’s in the oral solid dosage category eight point. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yes, that's what. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: We'll come back to you, Vishal. 
 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay. And, sir, the second question is on Folotyn, so there's a settlement 
in November 2022. So, what if assuming Generic centre post that would be -- would that 
materially impact our EBITDA or it will not be a material event for us? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: And some extent it will impact from end of this year. 
 
Vishal Manchanda: So, do we have launches that could set this off or this would obviously be 
large for the company? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: No, two Derma products, they are already in the middle way of the 
clinical trial and then this gap will come in 2023 from 2024 onwards calendar year 
approximately this will cover up and that is what we are expecting.  
 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay. And just one fundamental question on oral solids, I think even 
Aurobindo would be doing mid to high single digit ROCE and probably be I think, Aurobindo 
would be the lowest cost player in this space. So how long do you think the situation can 
persist? So based on your assessment of capacities that will be available in this -- 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: We are not the lowest cost of production, whatever in the India 
people are producing same cost only we are also, as we have a good number of ANDAs. So, 
we are producing little more, but we hope this will continue and some more additional 
products are expected to join in this out of that at least some will get click and this will 
continue or we hope next seven to 10 years maybe or more. 
 
Vishal Manchanda: Maybe what I mean is that ROCE would be in low single digit. So can this 
go further down or what? How do you think the industry will shape up? Because this is an 
unsustainable number. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: This further going down is a very difficult, but still we don't know 
exactly what is going to happen. But you ask me, it should not go as per theory. It is already 
gone down like anything. 
 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Ms. Deepti Thakur for the closing comments. 
 
Deepti Thakur: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. If you have any of your questions 
unanswered. Please keep in touch with the investor relations team. The transcript of this call 
will be available on our website www.aurobindo.com in due course. Thank you and have a 
great day. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you on behalf of Aurobindo Pharma Limited. That concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
End of Transcript 
