qrqsâqlffiès
( qrçd rrr*'R õl Bciñ-q)
MSTC LIMITEI)
(Â Govt. of lndia Entcrprisc)
(ll N : t,27320WBl964GOl0262lt
e-assuring
¡illItA
MSTC/CS/SE/357
1. The Dy. Manager (Listing)
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001.
(Scrip Code: 5425971
1 8th August , 2OZZ
2. The Manager, Listing Department
NationaI Stock Exchange of lndia Limited
Exchange Ptaza, Bandra Kurta Comptex
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051
(Scrip Code: MSTCLTD)
Dear Sirs,
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the lnvestors/ Analvst
The Company had organized a conference catt with the lnvestors / Anatysts on ThursdaY, 11th
August, 202? at 04:00 p.m. lST. A copy of transcript of conference catl hetd with the lnvestors/
Anatysts is enclosed herewith for your information and records.
Copy of aforesaid transcript is atso hosted on company's website www.mstcindia.co.in.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfutly,
For MSTC Limited
(Ajay Kumar Rai)
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Enct: as above
rvx'ry. m stci n d in.co.i n / rvrvrv. m stcccont nlerce.conl
.rrtg,ll Flgï¡rq , '¡fr-¿ {i. {fr\q lg/2, rlFl {i. 175, ç.qr{FT gfrqr rqft, ;qut}.t e,l,.,t.J,r.rl-700 15ó, q.s.
llegrl. ()fficc: I'lot No. (llf ltt/2, Sllcrl No, 175.Âcliolr r\rca lf', Nt'rv'ftrn,n. Kolli¡¡t¡r 700 156 \4/.ß.

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“MSTC Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            
           
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SURINDER KUMAR GUPTA - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, MSTC LIMITED 
                                             MR. SUBRATA SARKAR - DIRECTOR OF FINANCE, 
MSTC LIMITED 
                                             MR. AJAY KUMAR RAI - COMPANY SECRETARY, 
MSTC LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPESH KASHYAP - EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
                                              

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator:   
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the MSTC Limited Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Equirus Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the ‘listen-only’ mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepesh Kashyap from Equirus Securities 
Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir.   
 
Deepesh Kashyap:   
Thank you, Ranju. Hello everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you all 
to Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call of MSTC Limited. From the management we 
have with us today- Mr. Surinder Kumar Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Subrata Sarkar, Director of Finance; and Mr. Ajay Kumar Rai, Company Secretary. We 
will begin the call with the opening remarks on the management, and then, we can open 
the line for Q&A. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Surinder Kumar. Over to you, sir. 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta:   
Yes, good afternoon everybody. Before we come to the financials, I would like to share 
a very good news with all the participant investors here. MSTC has successfully 
concluded the 5G spectrum auction for the Department of Telecom. So, this has been 
an event which has gone very smoothly and our honorable Minister, as well as 
Secretary, DOTH  have been very appreciative of MSTC’s role in the whole auction 
process. The complete auction strength went to 40 rounds, and it went on smoothly 
without any problem. So, that is a good achievement for MSTC and they have kept 
faith in the capability of MSTC and we are sure that we will be able to; we have the 
capacity to conduct any such critical event for Government of India.  
 
Regarding the financials, our  D(F) will tell in more detail, but we have kept our growth 
trajectory as compared to the Q1 of last financial year. Profit before tax has zoomed 
from INR 37.17 crore to INR 66.11 crore, and profit after tax has increased from INR 
21.20 crore to INR 43.84 crore. So, that is a good growth from quarter-to-quarter. 
Basically, if we make a comparison from Q4 to Q1, that would not be a correct 
comparison because, there we had some extraordinary income in the form of dividend 
from our subsidiary company, which is not in this Q1 quarter and we always keep in 
mind that Q4 quarter of any financial year is always the best quarter and we get 
business of almost two quarters in last one quarter. 
 
So, from that front also, our earnings have been quite good. If we start from our main 
vertical, that is the e-commerce vertical; so there, our revenue from operations has 
increased from INR 64.96 crore to INR 83.36 crore. So, that is a good jump from Q1 to 
Q1. And, if we compare from Q4, it is slightly down from INR 90.97 crore to INR 
83.58 crore, but that is understandable; as I explained that Q4 is always the best quarter 
for the financial year. So, with this growth trajectory, we are hoping to achieve very 
good results in the current financial year. Apart from the spectrum auction, there are 
many other good projects MSTC is doing. We have entered into a number of 
agreements with large number of principles in South India. For Bihar, we are engaged 
in selling the auction vehicle by excise department and we have been able to sell 
around 4,000 vehicles in two to three months and we are sure that we will be speeding 
up that process, in line with the Bihar government requirements. 
 
In Karnataka, in Chennai, we have entered into an agreement with the temple trust for 
sale of their assets and for e-procurement requirements also. So, we are entering into 
the new areas, new frontiers and new kind of clientele. We are not limiting ourselves to 
the scrap sale. We are entering into new kinds of things, new kinds of business.  
So, that is the brief opening remark. 
 
Now, I hand over to our Director Finance to give you further update on the financials. 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Subrata Sarkar:     
Good afternoon to everybody. So, before I start, if you look at, it is a very remarkable 
quarter, and for the concern of our investors, when the provisioning will come to an 
end. So, if you see the first quarter, you can see that we have no data on that particular 
line item; that means no provisioning for standalone financial statements. And, now I 
come to the quarter one financial statement. So, if you compare to quarter one to 
quarter one of the previous year, the total revenue, although has declined from INR 
17,125.51 lakh to INR 9,385.90, that is by 45%. Marketing is down by 90%, that is 
from INR 11,207.51 lakh to INR 1,019.26 lakh. E-commerce grew from INR 5,911.30 
lakh to INR 8,358.38 lakh. And others are of course minimum amount and EBITDA 
provisioning has gone up by 42.70% from INR 4,748.32 lakh to INR 6,775.73 lakh. 
PBT has gone up from INR 37.17 crore to INR 66.11 crore, and PAT has grown from 
INR 21.20 crore to INR 43.84 crore. Cash profit from INR 29.97 crore to INR 45.39 
crore. 
 
 
And, if you go by the Segmental Analysis, so you can see that, this E-Auction/E-Sale 
revenue has grown up by 39% and E-Procurement, of course, there is a lesser revenue 
and of course, other income has gone up also. And if I go to the group financials as a 
whole, total revenue is a little bit lesser from INR 268.68 crore to INR 194.81 crore. 
And of course, major contributor is ‘Marketing’, where the revenue has gone down 
from INR 112.07 crore to INR 10.19 crore and ‘E-Commerce’ of course, grown up 
from INR 59.11 crore to INR 83.58 crore and ‘Scrap Recovery and Allied Jobs’ is 
basically the segment of our 100% subsidiary company from INR 97.43 crore to INR 
100.96 crore. EBITDA has also gone up from INR 68.55 crore to INR 86.85 crore and 
PBT has gone up from INR 53.80 crore to INR 80.53 crore and PAT has gone up from 
INR 33.55 crore to INR 54.29 crore and basically, this is all the details that are already 
there. So this is all from our side. I hand over to you. 
 
Moderator:  
The first question comes from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Vikas Kasturi:  
Congratulations on a fantastic quarter and wish you all the best for this financial year 
too. Sir, I had a couple of questions. My first question is, could you please provide a 
status on the FSNL disinvestment? My second question is, could you please provide 
some information on how many vehicles have been scraped in this quarter? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Okay. So far as FSNL disinvestment is concerned, DIPAM has taken that thing and 
you must have observed that UIE were invited that is in that particular state. So, as and 
when this finalization will be there, so it will be of course in a public domain. So, that 
is the status. It is UIE status is there. So afterwards, basically UIE and everything will 
be whatever is there that will be taken care of by the DIPAM only, the process is being 
handled by the DIPAM only. So as and when that final outcome will be there, we will 
always update you. So it is in the UIE stage. 
 
Vikas Kasturi:   
Sure sir. And vehicles scraping, number of vehicles? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
So our CMD will take over.  
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta:   
Yes. As far as the vehicles are concerned, up to June, we have got just a second total of 
1,459 vehicles. 1,459 so that is, 1460 vehicles we have got in the first quarter, that is 
again, I do not have the exact quarter figures for last financial year, but if we take the 
complete financial year 2021-22, there we have got around little less than 4,000 
vehicles in the complete financial year. So, that is around 1,000 vehicles per quarter. 
So, in that comparison, we have got around 1,459 as I have said, so that is around 50% 
growth of the vehicles, that is what we have got as compared to the last year. 
 
Vikas Kasturi:  
A follow up question on that, sir. So last year, the government had said that all 
government vehicles would have to be scraped by a certain date. I forget the date now. 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
So has that been implemented and forced, and are you seeing any good number of 
government vehicles coming for scraping? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
That date has been extended for the time being, the date has been extended to October. 
 
Vikas Kasturi:   
Okay. But are you seeing any good number of inquiries, sir?   
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Yes, we are getting a good number of inquiries and soon, we are going to launch a 
portal for scraping of such end of life vehicles also. So, which would be exclusively for 
such kind of vehicles, where buyers and sellers both, will be onboard. 
 
Vikas Kasturi:  
And just one small request, sir. So, in your presentation, if you could provide more 
details about the nature of the business. So for example, when it comes to auctions, the 
number of vehicles that you have scraped and whether they were government vehicles 
or commercial vehicles or private vehicles, and likewise, when it comes to your e-
auction business, if you could provide some more colour in terms of how many 
auctions were conducted and so on. So that would be very helpful.  
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Okay. We are noting your concerns, so we will try to see what breakup we can give 
you in the next meeting. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Keshav Garg from CCIPL. Please go ahead. 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand that we did around INR 88 crore e-commerce revenue 
last quarter, which was the highest ever. Sir, so now with the fall in steel prices since 
around half of this division revenue comes from steel scrap sales, prices of which also 
follow steel prices, which are now down. So, do you think that we can hold onto this 
INR 88 crore quarterly revenue of the e-commerce division going forward? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
See the figures we gave you; I gave you the figures for Q1 to Q1 and Q4 to Q1 also. 
So, if we say, I mean, Q4 of last year that was around INR 83.36 crore, total revenue 
from operations in e-commerce. So, that is basically compared to total -- sorry, I am 
using the total of e-commerce. If I talk about e-commerce last year, it was INR 80 crore 
last quarter and this year INR 72.63 crore, right? So, that is the kind of e-commerce 
income. So if we, as you rightly said, there will be around 20% drop in the prices of 
steel as well as scrap. Still, we have been able to keep very robust performance. So that 
really has not reduced our income by that much percentage. So that means we are 
getting the additional business and we are hoping that we will be able to maintain the 
growth trajectory, but of course it has that 20% price increase been there. So we could 
have surpassed that INR 80 crore figure for the last Q4 also. So all these factors taken 
together, our Q1 figures are quite handsome, that is what we believe. 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay sir. The Company, does it have any synergy with our scrap business? I mean, the 
scrap that we are auctioning, does that subsidiary buy from us or is there no relation 
whatsoever and both companies are totally different? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
You are talking about our 100% subsidiary Ferro Scrap Nigam Limited? 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Yes. 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Basically, it is in the scrap recovery and analysis job. It does not buy or sell scrap. It is 
a service company. It does the scrap recovery and analysis job for the steel company. 
Okay. So by its very nature, it does not buy or sell scrap and hence the question of 
buying from MSTC does not arise at all. Okay. 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay, sir understood. So basically what I am trying to understand is that post the 
disinvestment of this subsidiary, there will be no impact whatsoever in our 
‘standalone’. 
 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Subrata Sarkar: 
No, no. Let me get very clear for your understanding. Sir, we are selling the scrap 
through e-auction. So, it is an open e-auction and it has nothing to do with our 
subsidiary per se and subsidiary disinvestment has no bearing per se, on our scrap e-
auction disposal. 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta:  
So if you see basically as far as the business is concern, we both are having quite 
distinct business and one is not dependent upon the other. It is only if we see our 
related party transactions, that is very meager, so that is a bit of scrap for our, let us say, 
FSNL which were old equipment or something. So that is a very meager amount. So as 
such the disinvestment of FSNL per se will not have any effect on the financial or e-
commerce income of our company MSTC. 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Yes, sir. Understood. Sir lastly, I just wanted to understand that Coal India has 
announced that it will start its own portal for scrap sales and sir, other big PSUs might 
also follow through because this is an ongoing; scrap generation is an ongoing thing, so 
in that case then where do, I mean, what will be our role if this goes in house? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
No, let me correct you; what Coal India has announced is that they will be selling their 
coal. We are selling some part of the coal of Coal India, right? So for that, they have 
developed their portal, got a portal from NIC, but that portal has not started. But, what 
has happened is that Coal India has announced the new policy for sale of coal. For that, 
they requested MSTC only to make a platform for them. So, we are in the advanced 
stage of development of that portal. In fact, we have done our work and Coal India is 
testing that portal. 
 
So there we are expecting that, there will not be any impact and NIC will be taking till 
whole years to make the portal as per that. So there, we do not expect any significant 
revenue loss. And further, another thing I would like to highlight is, as far as coal is 
concerned, we say quarter-to-quarter, the earnings are around very less, total earning 
will be around from the coal sector, for the quarter to quarter financial, it is going to be 
INR 12 crore - INR 13 crore. 
  
Subrata Sarkar: 
That is there, but, let me supplement CMD sir. So, volumes are not going down that 
way and second, that you told, Coal India as CMD sir has explained, Coal India is still 
in a very nascent stage and they are still utilizing our portal and for their new policy 
also, our portal will be utilized for sale of coal. So in the near future, we do not see any 
per se, threat to our current year. So we will review it in the next quarter also, what is 
happening and what is the development. 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta:   
And further revenue from Coal India is very insignificant. If we talk about the total e-
commerce earning; so that may be less than even 10%. So that will not really, even if it 
goes out, that will not really affect us and we do not expect it to go very soon. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Srinivas Reddy an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.   
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I have two questions. Sir, regarding this other income, which has consolidated other 
income in the consolidated balance sheet; it has abnormally increased. I mean, from the 
earlier year by around INR 9 crore, I think. So can you throw some light on that 
number? Because most of the profits now in the last quarter, I mean on a consolidated 
basis, have come from this other income; increasing. And regarding the provisions of 
earlier year sir, you were telling us that from this year the provisions requirement will 
not be there of the Standard Chartered and other cases and so this is my second 
question. So, the third and final one, what is that you are trying to do for the B2C 
business? I mean, the loans, bank loans, all those, property auctions and other things. 
So for that have you come up with any sustainable business plan for the B2C e-
commerce business? So these are my queries.   
 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Subrata Sarkar: 
You have been always a very guiding factor for us as an investor. So first let me tell the 
major chunk of other income has come from. One is some kind of provisions written 
back. So, in case of MSTC, it is around INR 4.25 crore that we have. The old 
provisions that we have realized through MSTC process. So that is a major chunk. Our 
other portions are of course little bit of rise in the interest rate and etc., that is why we 
have realized from that. But major is like provision written back that is the one question 
that you asked. Second, regarding provisions, this is the first quarter as I earlier 
announced also that we did not have any provisions and of course, in the consolidated 
accounts, we have a little bit of provision for the income for our subsidiaries. So it will 
remain in that particular range only. So major provisions are not expected in the 
coming future as we can still and stand right now because mostly, all the marketing 
provisions have been taken care of. Regarding the third- business prospect, I will hand 
over the mic to CMD sir. 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Yes. Regarding your query about this B2C, I mean, I will admit that we do not have 
that good presence in the B2C segment. As far as the property is concerned, yes, we are 
in B2C. We have an agreement with, as we have already telling that for the sale of 
assets of the public sector banks, we have a centralized agreement with them. We are 
selling the properties under SARFAESI Act for banks, and there are quite a good 
number of properties and the sale of properties is increasing quarter-to-quarter, year-to-
year and banks are getting good dividend out of that. 
 
Regarding the properties, we have sold the properties for Hyderabad city and there are 
similar number of properties for Air India and other organizations are being regularly 
sold on our portal and we are getting number of other queries from lot other state 
government and central agencies where we hope to get additional business for the 
property sale. So that is also in the coming year that is also going to give us good 
amount of revenue from the property sale. So, that is what I can update regarding the 
bank loan and all that, I will admit that we are not into that area of concerns. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So one clarification sir, regarding debt. I mean, when can we expect our company to 
operate as a zero debt company, because now marketing is reduced, marketing working 
capital requirement, marketing sector, the business. So company is more into e-
commerce now. So when can we expect it to having zero debt after this FSNL sale it is 
possible with that additional amount of budgeting? 
 
Subrata Sarkar:  
Mr. Reddy, I am getting back to your question right now. So, if you think, basically if 
you look at our annual balance sheet, so the debt right now basically is only the 
disputed debt that MSTC had denied and disputed and protested and made that of 
Standard Chartered Bank, basically. So virtually, we are right now a zero debt 
company, virtually we can call. There was a very little amount of term loan of SBI. So, 
which will be taken care of, but virtually if we can for all practical  purposes, it is a 
zero debt company, except that is an entry is appearing for which we have protested, 
denied and disputed, and the case is -- so we are unable to comment on that. Otherwise 
it is a zero debt company. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors 
Private limited. Please go ahead.   
 
Dixit Doshi: 
Congratulations on good numbers. Sir, my first question is regarding the JV with 
Mahindra. So, you mentioned about the number of vehicle scraped, my question is once 
they scrapped the vehicle, the scrap generated was auctioned by us or they themselves 
dispose it off? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
We auction the scrap. Normally, MSTC auctions the scrap. For the spare, they have a 
separate portal, but as far as scrap is concerned, it is primarily sold on MSTC platform. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And my second question is regarding this e-commerce segment. So, you likely 
mentioned that, even though the steel scrap prices have come down, our revenue has 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
not come down so much. So on a let us say, medium term basis, two-three year 
perspective, at what rate our e-commerce business can grow? 
 
Subrata Sarkar:  
It is very difficult to comment at this juncture, because the scenario is changing so 
rapidly and it is a mixed bag of services that we give in the e-commerce, supposedly 
scrap sale is there, e-sale, we are trying to mix. It is mixed bags of things. As our CMD 
has already said, we are going to enter into a lot of areas. So revenue is of mixed type 
and what will be the scenario in the next year is very difficult to say. But as of now, the 
growth of the company is primarily dependent of e-commerce and it will be e-
commerce based growth only though. 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
And if you see I will supplement to what Director Finance said. If you see the last few 
quarters, you will see there is good growth, and we are hoping to maintain the growth 
trajectory. So of course, the other factors, which may not be in our control. Another 
thing that I like to supplement, there was a time in e-commerce also, where the 
majority of our income was from scrap sales. Now, we are basically; there also, the 
revenue from the e-commerce scrap sale is going down and a percentage revenue. I am 
not saying in absolute terms, but because percentage contribution to our revenue are 
basically coming down and we are basically diversifying our brackets business 
segments. 
 
So there, if there is a downfall in one particular segment, so we hope to insulate 
ourselves from the total results and also make good growth in different other sectors. 
So there, I think we are slightly better off from all these market fluctuations. Of course, 
we are living in this world and will be unaffected, I cannot say that, but our effect will 
not be that large for that one particular segment going down, that is what I can assure 
the investor community. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
How much percentage of revenue from scrap this quarter? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Less than 50%; slightly, less than 50%. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
And how much it would have been in Q4?   
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Similar level. I mean, it does not, I mean that diversification does not vary significantly 
from one quarter-to-quarter, but we see from let us say couple of years back when it 
could be 75% or 80%, now it is less than 50%. So that is basically year-to-year, there is 
some change.   
 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And my last question is now that, we have scaled down and almost our 
marketing business has been over. So is there any scope for rationalization in the 
employee cost, like, there will be some employees who were dedicatedly for the 
marketing business. So is there any scope of employee cost reduction? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
As we have decreased the marketing, we have increased the e-commerce and we have 
opened offices in almost all major states, and we are working with a very thin 
manpower. In marketing, only couple of people are engaged now, so there is hardly any 
scope. So as when we went down on marketing business, the people were taken out and 
they were reapplied in the e-commerce; so we cannot expect a basically downturn or 
any reduction in the staffing after the discontinuation of or decrease of marketing 
business. So that factor has already been taken care of. I hope I have answered. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes. And last question from my side is, the sale of FSNL is basically government is 
doing for disinvestment purpose. So, is it fair to assume that whatever proceeds will 
come from the FSNL, majority of that will be used to pay the shareholders in terms of 
say, dividend? 
 
Subrata Sarkar:  
Yes. It is quite premature, the sale is yet to take place and every quarter we are meeting 
you. Okay. So let it take a shape, then we will get back to you on this particular issue. 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Abhishek Kale an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Abhishek Kale: 
Sir, my questions- are there any timeframes that we have received from the 
Government of India regarding the disinvestment of FSNL because it has been in the 
last quarter when we spoke about that the EOIs were submitted and that part was taken 
care of. So when is the likely date of announcements? Could you please comment on 
that? 
 
Subrata Sarkar:  
Yes, this is being done basically on behalf of Government of India, DIPAM, 
Department of Investment and Public Asset Management and basically, it depends 
upon a lot of factors- the response, the approvals, etc., etc., and it is very difficult to 
comment upon any kind of fixed timeframe per se; when it will happen, but as and 
when it comes and the developments are there, we will let you know sir. 
 
Abhishek Kale: 
Sir, if I may have a follow up on this, do we have any idea of the timelines or right now 
you will not be able to comment as to when it is likely to happen? Because you might 
have received some fillers from the government as to how and when this divestment is 
likely to take place. 
 
Subrata Sarkar:  
It is difficult at this juncture to tell, because it is a process being handled by DIPAM 
only, okay. So as and when that approvals etc. and all the procedural aspects are there. 
So we will from time to time let you people know. 
 
Abhishek Kale: 
Sir, the joint venture with Mahindra, right? How much; if I'm not mistaken; it has 
contributed very little to our top line and the bottom line. So, I mean, could you please 
ask/ specify exact numbers in terms of percentages and what are the plans that we have 
along with Mahindra, in order to have this business start contributing a bit more? Or is 
it not in our hands; we are solely dependent on how the government enforces those 
directives of scrapping old vehicles? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
First of all, let me tell you, if you look at our consolidated financial statements. Okay. 
So that the figure is already there, the share of profit from the JV, it is a very; of course 
very insignificant figure, that we have pointed out, but you know, that you would 
appreciate couple of things. When a project takes off, it takes a little time to generate a 
fair amount of profit, right, number one. Number two, the policy has yet to take a shape 
and take its full form. So once when this couple of things happen, so then only the 
profit will start coming and it will contribute to our; of course in the group income and 
of course, it will contribute to our bottom line. So that is the point. 
 
So it is all disclosed and it will take a little bit of time because until and unless this 
policy takes its full form and it is in full gear, the profits, high level of profits is little 
bit less that it will take some time.  
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
I will supplement it here, that after the issue of policy by the government, because this 
is the state subject basically, I mean, most of these states are in the advanced stages of 
finalization of their own policies on the line of the policy issued by MoRTH. So as and 
when that policy is announced, this policy invests and we say certain incentives and 
disincentives. So those will come on ground. Then only we will be able to make 
basically use the full our capacity. Presently we are working below par capacity. I 
mean, whatever, we have the installed capacity, we are not getting competitive enough 
vehicles. So as the policy gets traction in the state government, then the vehicles will 
increase and basically the top line for the company on MMRPL company will increase 
and similarly where it was in loss, so it may start making good profits. 
 
So we are hoping that now very soon. Assam has recently announced the policy. Other 
governments are in advanced stage. So we are hoping that in current year number of 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
states will announce their policy and implementation will start and this business will 
get good traction. 
 
Abhishek Kale: 
Okay. Sir, if I am correctly summarizing it, for both the questions that I have asked, the 
FSNL and the MSTC, we are kind of or rather we are mostly dependent on the 
government policy to take effect and that is when we will see movements in these two 
things, right? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, to some extent that is right. We are making effort from our side also. We are 
engaging a dialogue with the state government and apart from that, we are increasing 
our recycling facilities also in the anticipation of issue of policies. So we are quite 
proactive on that front. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Harshit Jain from RAH Investments and Advice. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Jain: 
I would like to know in Q1, what is the kind of revenues we did from scrap business? 
Like last year we did INR 6,000 odd crore, what is the revenue this time? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
INR 6,000 odd crore that you most probably are talking about the volume and etc., 
basically as just now pointed out by our CMD sir like, basically if you take somewhat 
around 40% to 50% is coming out of from this scrap business so that is the ratio. 
 
Harshit Jain: 
No, I am talking in terms of number and how much sales volume we did on the scrap 
side in Q1? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Around the, if you can take it is around INR 2,500 crore. 
 
Harshit Jain: 
INR 2,500 crore 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Around approx.   
 
Harshit Jain: 
Okay. And one more thing in investor presentation, you have mentioned that you have 
signed ESL Steels, Arcelor Mittal, so are we enjoying the same kind of margins, which 
we were used to or? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, that is for the iron ore, for Arcelor Mittal we have done it for the iron ore. We are 
having same kind of margins that with other iron ore sellers we were getting. 
   
Harshit Jain: 
So it would have been in a range of INR 2.15 to INR 2.55?   
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
No, no it keeps on varying. 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
So that depends upon business to business. So we cannot give the, basically, customers 
to customers; it is not proper for us to diverse that kind of commercial information. 
 
Harshit Jain: 
But can you give me a ball pass figure? Is it around 2% on iron ore sales?   
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
No, please, excuse us; we cannot give that definite figure; that may affect our business 
process and customers. 
 
Harshit Jain: 
Sure. And one more thing would be, I was checking your website and there are certain 
auction OMDC, Orissa Mineral Development Corporation and some of the auctions get 
repeated. So can you guys, just a small suggestion from my end, that if an auction 
repeats itself, can you mention that it is re-auction because people get confused that 
you have got a new auction, but that is the same old auction? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Okay. First let me go back to your old question. I will tell you that we have a different 
business model for different kind of commodities. Somewhere we charge in the range 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
of percent, somewhere we charge this like on the event charges and all that. So there 
cannot be any thumb rule that we charge and pricing can vary from commodity to 
commodity, right? So there, I mean it is very difficult. It is not rather possible to give a 
figure on that how much percentage we charge. This is one thing. And second that you 
said that whenever the auction is repeated so that is a nice suggestion, we will look into 
this possibility and we will try to incorporate it. Yes, that is a good suggestion you have 
given. 
 
Harshit Jain: 
Yes, sure. Because… 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
That's a good suggestion for us. Yes.   
 
Harshit Jain: 
If a lot of auctions are repeated then sometimes as an investor or as a person. 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
I know that is an issue I can feel that if the auction is getting repeated, we can tell the 
people who are interested that it is an old auction, which could not be sold. 
 
Harshit Jain: 
Yes. And one more suggestion would be, can you guys also give, how much percentage 
of auction are getting successful on your portal? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Pardon, How much percentage?   
 
Harshit Jain: 
How much percentage of auction are successful?   
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. So… 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Okay. We will think of course; you have got two good suggestions. So of course, if 
feasible, we can, let us see, how could we do this.   
 
Harshit Jain: 
Yes. Because if there is more transparency and more fairness from your side then, 
investor would interest and it will be good for the company in the long term. 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, we have noted it. Yes, we will see.   
 
Harshit Jain: 
And my last question would be regarding Standard Chartered case. So, I just want to 
know that properties are attached since past 15 years. So if you guys pay INR 143 odd 
crore, so will our properties be returned back to us or will it be taken by Standard 
Chartered Bank along the money? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Let me tell you very clearly that this matter is subdued and we have denied, disputed 
and done all the denials in the post court defense forum. So, question of paying does 
not arise at all and as and when this outcome of the cases are there, we will let you 
know, sir and we will pass it at different forums.   
 
Harshit Jain: 
No, I just want to know that do we need to pay INR 143 odd crore or do we need to pay 
18% interest for past 15 years as well?  
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
From where we got 18% interest?   
 
Harshit Jain: 
Like if income tax penalty is…   
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Can I have that document or so some kind of… 
 
Harshit Jain: 
I'm just asking you that.   
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
From where, I could not… 
 
Harshit Jain: 
I am just asking you.   
 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Anyway to be very precise on this particular issue, this is subjudice, it is, will the 
outcome of the court that will decide whether we have to pay or we do not have to pay. 
Right now, we have denied and disputed and for us, from our side, it is not payable. 
 
Harshit Jain: 
So maximum outflow will be INR 143 odd crore, right?   
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Again, I am telling you again, I'm telling you, right. It is subjudice, it is a matter of the 
court. So I am restraining myself for commenting on this because we do not, we are 
saying it is not payable, a single penny is not payable on this account and we have 
denied and dispute the full amount. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pradeep Jalui, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Pradeep Jalui:  
Hi. So my question is regarding the cash equivalents which the company has, right? So 
it is almost around about 50% of the market cap right now. So is the management 
thinking of doing share buyback right now? And if not basically what is the cash 
utilization going to go towards going forward? 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
I mean, right now we have not published our balance sheet. It is not in the public 
domain for this quarter. So let us discuss it about in the month of September, sir. 
 
Pradeep Jalui: 
So, yes, so from basically the March quarter, obviously we have the balance sheet, 
right? So it's more than INR 800 odd crore.   
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
We will, of course come to your place and we will reply to your question in the month 
of September, when our balance sheet will be there and when fresh assessment of the 
cash and cash equivalent is there. Of course we will reply and what we are doing with 
our cash. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Keshav Garg from CCIPL. Please go ahead.   
 
Keshav Garg:   
Sir, I wanted to understand that since we have competition from GEM portal and you 
had mentioned in one call previously that ITI and one more company is also basically 
doing the same kind of business that we are doing auction or making software for 
auction. So basically, sir what is the competitive scenario, like, are you seeing more 
participation by these competitors in, let us say, auction of bank properties or coal 
mine, or telecom spectrum auction, are these parties also competing with us over there? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
You see, it is not that these are entities except GEM. GEM has come couple of years 
back. Most of the entities whatsoever are the players in e-commerce we are always in 
competition with them and we are basically with the trust, people have put in our 
capabilities. The government sector, as well as now you are seeing that private sector 
people like Arcelor Mittal and Reliance and ESL, Indus Towers all these people are 
giving business to MSTC despite all the competition. 
 
See, I mean, in the competitive environment also, we have survived and MSTC has 
grown. This is one thing. And we hope to continue our growth trajectory and provide 
the robust services and what we say, we pay you the best value. Whatever scrap or any 
product the people are offering us, the government agency as well the private agency 
because we offer them the best price. If somebody is selling iron ore, our portal vis-a-
vis our competitor’s portal, so the price they are getting worth the basically, so that 
they get the best price that is why they come to us. So we operate in competitive 
market. That is one thing. 
 
Second, some of the projects like mines auctions that is given to us by Government of 
India. So, that is a sure kind of business as of now, because there the MSTC like this 
mine auctions, there are some of the business which are basically given to us on 
nomination basis, there is no competition. For other majority of items, there is 

 
MSTC Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
competition, but we are surviving because of our good services and we have a large 
outreach, where our bidders community is very large. So that is why we are able to give 
very good prices. So we do not have such fierce competition and we hope to survive 
and grow in the competition and that is how we reward is all about it is. 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure, sir. And sir, also, would you like to give us some idea that where are we in terms 
of penetration, that if you take scrap, only then we are doing mostly steel scrap. So, 
how many large size PSUs are there, which still now we are not catering to or we are in 
talks or there are chances that in future, we might start offering our services to them 
similarly in the private sector? So similarly, let us say for medical waste or for many 
other scrap items since its ongoing generation of scrap, so can we be some kind of an 
aggregator? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
You see; I only partially agree with your statement. It is not only ferrous scrap on 
MSTC platform, we sell each and everything. I mean, it may be human hair, it may be 
non-ferrous, it may be aircraft. It may be aluminum, it may be batteries. So it is all kind 
of scrap whether it is ferrous, whether it is non ferrous, whether it is the commodity, so 
all kind of things are being sold on our platform. And another thing I would like to say 
that we are continuously engaging all our branch offices are there spread across the 
country. They are continuously engaging with the stakeholders, the government sector, 
the public sector there, the major private sector there and we are increasing our 
outreach and we are entering new and new MoUs with various principles. So that is 
why we have grown all these years by adding more number of sellers on our portal and 
we hope to maintain that growth factor and add more number of important customers. 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir sometime back, you had mentioned that we have got into some kind of agreement 
with MIDC or basically industrial development corporations of states to dispose off 
their scraps. So any progress on that front and how many states have we signed such 
kind of agreements with and what is the scope for future? 
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
We are still, we have done it with Daman, so there we are now with that experience, we 
are engaging with other state governments, but still we have not finalized any other 
agreement and we are basically pressing upon the governments also to help us in that 
regard. So, as and when something major happen, we will definitely inform you.  
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, we have reached the end of question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments.   
 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: 
So thank you everybody and all our investor community who have spared their time to 
participate and listen to us very patiently. From the management side, we can assure 
you our investor community, that your investment is in safe hands and we are striving 
hard. Our small team of 300 people is working hard for the growth of the company, so 
that our investors get good returns of their investments. So that is what we believe that 
will happen. That is happening also. We are more than double the IPO price and we are 
hoping to gain further traction. Thank you. 
 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Thank you all that is all from our side, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Equirus Securities Private Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your line. 
 
