Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | 102, Wellington Business Park-I, Off Andheri Kurla Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059 
Communication Office |11th Floor, BPTP Centra One, Golf Course Road Extension, Sector-61, Gurugram - 122011, Haryana 
(P) 0124-4598749 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990MH1994PLC080451 
 
 
 
 
AIL/SE/RCT/Q1/2022-23 
 
 
 
 
 
                    August 17, 2022 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G 
Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended June 30, 2022 
conducted on August 8, 2022 at 10:00AM IST 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 
August 08, 2022 at 10:00AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the first quarter and year 
ended June 30, 2022. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations. 
 
Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter 
AIL/EC/2022-23/Q1 dated August 08, 2022. 
  
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 08, 2022 at 10:00AM IST  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
           
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer 
of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Aniket Pande – ICICI Securities 
 
 
 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle (India) Limited, Q1 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Lead Technology Analyst, Mr. Aniket Pande, we 
welcome the management of Affle (India) Limited represented by Mr. Anuj 
Khanna Sohum, who is Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the 
company; and Mr. Kapil Bhutani, who is Chief Financial and Operations Officer of 
the company.  
 
Before we begin with the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of these 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward looking in nature and 
may involve some risk and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide 23 of the company's 
Q1 Earnings Presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of you 
are keeping in good health.  
Today, we celebrate Affle’s 3rd IPO anniversary together with our  385,000+ 
shareholders. This inspires us and instills in us greater responsibility and 
accountability to deliver cash flow positive long-term growth for Affle. We are 
elated to close yet another quarter of momentous growth. In Q1 FY2023,we 
achieved our highest quarterly revenue and EBITDA run-rate ever, highest 
conversions and highest CPCU rate ever.  
We delivered revenue growth of approximately 128% y-o-y this quarter, 
comprehensively beating our Q1 CAGR growth trend of 67% over the last 3-year 
period. Our CPCU business noted a strong momentum delivering 61.9 million 
conversions during the quarter, an increase of 96.7% y-o-y at a CPCU rate of Rs. 
52.1. We witnessed accelerated broad-based growth in ad spends driven by our 
unique ROI-linked CPCU business model, having achieved about 45% organic 
growth (which was well above the industry average growth trend) and coming 
across our top industry verticals in India & International markets. In the near 
term, while we are closely monitoring the geo-economic situation in developed 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
3 
 
markets, we remain confident of the long-term ad tech industry trends driven by 
the fast-evolving consumer behavior accelerated towards adoption of connected 
devices. 
Our focused execution powered by Affle2.0 strategy anchored on the 2Vs -  
(Vernacular & Verticalization) and 2Os - (OEMs and Operator) level partnerships 
has enabled us to drive deeper verticalization for our advertisers across the E, F, 
G and H industry verticals. This has strengthened our moat and our Direct 
customers contribution has grown to 75.1% of our revenue in Q1 FY23. We 
continue to unlock innovative consumer experiences for the advertisers and to 
reflect upon our strengths, we have included three case studies in our Earnings 
Presentation focused upon OTT, FMCG and Fintech solutions. 
We appointed 4 additional Directors to our Board in this quarter, further 
strengthening the Board structure. These additions are designed to support 
Affle’s accelerated global growth momentum, provide greater accountability to 
the senior leadership and reflect upon the company’s commitment to maintain 
the highest standards of Corporate Governance with enhanced depth of expertise. 
With this, Affle’s Board will now comprise of 10 Directors led by an Independent 
Non-Executive Chairman and will include four Women Directors, that is 40% of 
our Board. 
During the quarter, Affle was awarded Data Protection Trustmark (DPTM) 
certification for a period of three years by IMDA Singapore, making us part of a 
selective group of companies that made it to the DPTM and is a significant 
validation of our Affle2.0 strategy. We keep the consumers’ interest and privacy 
concerns as central to our innovation and will continue to focus our endeavours 
to deliver customer-centric technologies, following the highest levels of data 
security and privacy standards.  
We further enhanced our platforms while penetrating deeper across both new 
and existing markets as well as further verticalizing our capabilities towards high-
growth emerging industry verticals. We are a differentiated business, 
fundamentally inspired to deliver deep tech powered futuristic use cases and 
innovation-led profitable growth globally. 
 
Our investments across the products and platforms are performing well, 
contributing meaningfully to our overall growth, healthy margins and resulting in 
positive cash flow from operations. We continue to leverage upon the market 
opportunity drawing significant moat from our entrepreneurial culture, tech 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
4 
 
innovations and sustainable value creation powered by Affle2.0 Consumer 
Platform Stack. 
We look forward to further leveraging our scientific and strategic expertise while 
keenly promoting Affle2.0 culture of diversity, equity and inclusion across the 
organization, enabling a sustainable ecosystem towards holistic stakeholders 
value creation.  
With that, I now hand over this discussion to our CFO, Kapil Bhutani to discuss the 
financials. Thank you and over to you, Kapil.  
Kapil Bhutani:  
Thank you Anuj. Wishing everyone a good day and hope all of you are keeping 
safe and well. 
Continuing our growth momentum of clocking over 120% y-o-y growth in the last 
three quarters, Our Q1 FY2023 revenue stood at Rs. 3,475 million, a robust growth 
of 127.9% y-o-y and 10.3% q-o-q, contributed by both organic growth and Jampp. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 687 million, an increase of 95.9% y-o-y 
and a strong growth of 17.1% q-o-q.  
In this quarter, our Inventory & Data cost sequentially was stable at about 63.3% 
of revenue. Our Employee cost increased by 1.6% q-o-q. We remain bullish on the 
business and continue to expand the teams for growth across platforms, markets 
and verticals. However, this quarter our employees expenses were down by 106 
basis points as a % of revenue.  
Our reported Profit After Tax (PAT) for the quarter was at Rs. 545 million, an 
increase of 52.6% y-o-y. Our Q1 last year and the previous quarter Q4 FY2022 
included higher Other Income than the recent quarter, primarily on account of 
gain on fair valuation of financial instruments.  
Our Effective Tax Rate is higher than last year and is inching towards a longer-
term tax rate primarily on account of the deferred tax asset of our acquired 
businesses getting adjusted. 
Our Normalized Profit After Tax was Rs. 552 million, an increase of 93.5% y-o-y, 
after adjusting for fair valuation gains and share of our associate. Please refer to 
slide 4 and 5 of our Earnings Presentation. 
We remain focused on working capital management and continue to see robust 
cash flows from operations. Our collections were robust and the ratio of our cash 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
5 
 
flow from operations to PAT stood at 99.9%. This shows the quality of our 
customers and the robustness of our operations. 
Further, Affle is well-diversified in regards to the markets served, tech use cases, 
platforms, customers, publishers and with reasonable cash in hand to invest 
further in our organic business, we stand confident to deliver long-term 
sustainable growth. 
With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Questions.  
Moderator:  
We have a first question from the line of Aniket Pande from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniket Pande: 
If I look at the top down macro-level approach, it looks a bit bleak. The ad outlook 
has increasingly dimmed over last few weeks in the midst of signs that rising 
inflation is beginning to affect consumer spending. We have seen that in US 
television networks and news, so I believe publishers also will be feeling the 
impact of slowdown in the advertising market. 
Recently, the indication by a giant technology company related to the ad 
spending retrenchment has also spread aggressively. Secondly, in India also, we 
have seen the recently listed tech companies commenting on their concalls about 
reducing ad spending. I do understand that ad spends are equally important for 
organization to increase their reach. But like startups have entered into a bit of 
economic downturn, so will it have a broader impact on digital advertising 
business? In all this scenario, where does Affle stand? Are we facing any 
headwinds? The last query will be, does our entire pipeline continues to remain 
strong given we are more focused towards conversion model. Thank you.  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Firstly, in regard to the recent commentary from companies in US and Europe 
over last few weeks, it's important to note that Affle's exposure to Europe is 
negligible and our exposure to US or broadly developed markets is not as 
significant, because we are deeply anchored on the global emerging markets. In 
the emerging markets, especially markets like India, Indonesia, Africa, LATAM, 
the penetration of advertising into digital is still under calibrated. The trend we 
see in these markets is, let's say, if the total ad spend is 100, only 25 out of that 
100 is going to digital for now and that needs to grow to 50 over time to be even 
sensible. So, digital is still catching up in emerging markets and even if the overall 
advertising budgets were to be reduced and even if that was to be true in 
emerging markets, we believe that the digital advertising will still continue to 
see significant growth. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
6 
 
If the average growth of the industry was expected to be in a range of about 30% 
to 35% range, let's say, it can still be in the range of about 25% to 30% average 
industry growth. It will continue to be a strong growth momentum for digital in 
emerging markets. So, don't compare that with the commentary of Europe and 
US companies which might have talked from a lens of traditional media 
advertising as well as digital all together. Developed markets vs. developing 
emerging markets will have a clear difference in the way they respond to what is 
happening in the world today on the macro factors. Within that, digital spends 
will be way more protected than the traditional ad expense. Either the traditional 
will get reduced or it will move to digital as the case might be between developed 
and emerging markets. So, we are in a pretty strong footing. 
As far as tech startups linked thesis is going on, anybody running a sensible long-
term business should balance what they are spending on advertising vs. what their 
revenue and profitability is. So, I think it's a good sign that a lot of these startups 
are looking at being way more sustainable on their financial fundamentals and we 
have welcomed it all along. Even when we work with startups, we always look for 
those startups, which are more sensibly minded in what they are spending. 
As far as Affle is concerned, we have a large part of our business anchored on 
enterprise customers who are not going anywhere anytime soon for next. When 
we look at our customer mix, we see that at least 80%-90% of our customers should 
be there for next three to five years. We are also selective on who we are scaling 
up on our platform. Secondly, in terms of the ROI linked conversion focus of our 
business model, it is deeply in line with the needs of the advertisers, whether 
traditional advertisers or even the startups, who are becoming more ROI centric. 
They are never going to say that they will reduce their sales. Therefore, if Affle 
is delivering them ROI linked conversions and thus potentially the revenue, it will 
be almost wrong for them to say, okay, we are going to reduce the number of 
conversions that we are getting from consumers. 
That is not what anybody will say. What they are saying is, I want to get as many 
conversions as possible with consumers with a more effective advertising spend. 
Hence, Affle's propositions and business model are becoming more compelling to 
customers who are tightening their control. Basically for those who are saying - I 
want a bigger bang for my buck. I want to get the same kind of revenue with less 
advertising. 
Therefore, what this means is that they must embrace a conversion linked, ROI 
linked business model and I tell my sales teams clearly that in these times this is 
where our business model, our business proposition becomes way more 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
7 
 
compelling than ever before and let us go out there and win. I remain bullish 
about our growth. 
Now, of course, had the macro factors not been what they are, maybe there could 
have been even higher growth. Are we completely insulated? No. But will we still 
continue to deliver superior than industry average growth? That is what our 
pipeline says, that is what our strategy says and that iss what we are executing 
upon.  
Moderator:  
We have a next question from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal and Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla:  
My first question is regarding Jampp. For more clarity on y-o-y comparison, could 
you give us the contribution from Jampp as far as user conversions and the 
average CPCU rate is concerned? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
Jampp on a y-o-y basis saw a significant integration benefit together with Affle. 
We are now seeing Jampp operating close to 10% of profitability margin from its 
business, at the end of completion of one year together with us in June 2022. We 
are seeing a meaningful level of momentum towards scaled growth with the 
differentiated propositions, with the ability for them to pitch conversion links, 
CPCU based business model. We are seeing a positive qualitative as well as 
quantitative impact that we have had in the last one year. 
If you're comparing it specifically from Affle's organic growth perspective, I think 
in my commentary, I specifically mentioned that we have seen about 45% growth 
in our revenue on an organic basis y-o-y for this quarter, that is excluding Jampp, 
which is consistent with what we have delivered in some of the previous quarters 
as well. So, there is robust organic growth in our business and it's 90% plus is 
anchored on the conversion linked business model. If you see the math of our 
business, revenue grew this quarter by about 128% y-o-y. 
Now, if you look at the further breakdown, the conversions grew about 95%+ and 
the CPCU rate grew around 25%, which used to be around Rs. 42 in Q1 last year 
and has gone up to Rs. 52+ in this quarter. So, the growth in revenue is powered 
by two drivers, number of conversions as well as the CPCU rate. The conversions 
have grown well, the CPCU rate has also grown well and therefore revenue 
increased by about 128% y-o-y. 
In terms of organic growth, we have seen about 45% y-o-y growth. If you're 
mapping it year-on-year, take the last year financials and map it up, the number 
of conversions growth in non-Jampp would be higher while the CPCU rate has 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
8 
 
gone up more because of Jampp. The conversions have increased because of the 
organic business. I hope that answers your question. Kapil, if you want add 
anything to it, please go ahead.  
Kapil Bhutani: 
The bottom line performance of Jampp in this quarter was approximately 10% 
both in terms of its EBITDA and PAT margin and is inching up slowly as desired 
from almost 0% EBITDA when we acquired Jampp in June last year. We are on our 
track of long term sustainable EBITDA trend line from Jampp as well. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thanks. My second question is related to Google and Android. Recently, I had read 
that Google will stop the unexpected pop-up ads inside the apps from next month 
onwards. So, a user will only be seeing ads if he or she chooses to get some 
rewards in games or in any other app. I wanted to understand from you, what sort 
of impact this might have on Affle - whether it be on the revenue or inventory or 
data costs and your view on that?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
Kapil in his commentary mentioned rather exclusively that we are a well 
diversified and balanced business, whether in terms of geography, verticals, use 
cases of how the consumer engagement is happening on device, in-
app,programmatic, and all the entirety of the consumer journey that Affle 
captures. What Google is talking about is going to impact some percentage of the 
consumer's engagement on gaming only. All right, gaming is one of our top 
verticals and in those top verticals, just mathematically, it is well below 10% 
overall to our contribution. Within that, one of the use cases of gaming is being 
tweaked by Google. 
Now, I believe the impact of this sort of change will be that we will see much 
greater conversions and engagements with the users in any case on the more 
meaningful rewards linked conversions vs. the intrusive kind of ads that come 
that actually irritate the consumer. So, what Google is trying to do is improve the 
experience of the consumer on the device and reduce the irritation factor. When 
the ad comes right in the middle of you playing the game and when the big screen 
ad comes, you as a consumer want to close it but you can't close it. I mean, that 
kind of advertising is bordering on the lines of spam advertising. 
What Google is trying to do is reduce the spam and I don't think it has any material 
impact to us because the impact would anyways be to those who were focused 
disproportionately on gaming. Affle is not focused disproportionately on any one 
particular vertical. So, there's nominal if not no impact at all. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
9 
 
Mayank Babla:  
Okay. Thank you so much. I have a couple of more questions. I'll get back in the 
queue. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
I will also take this opportunity to address those of you who might have read that 
Google also announced they are no longer deprecating the cookie on their browser 
for some time to come. This was a talk for years as Google was saying, I will do 
it in three years, in four years and so on. Apple did it on their Safari and therefore, 
everybody was waiting that Google will also do so but they have not done that 
eventually. I'm not adding any more color to it than what the facts are. I think 
Google is going to fundamentally do everything that supports the advertising 
revenues. I believe we understand that well.  
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Arun Prasath from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Arun Prasath:  
Anuj, my question is on the overall advertising market, especially in the emerging 
markets. Earlier, you spoke about how emerging markets ad spending is strong, 
but again if you split this ad spend in the emerging markets into multiple 
categories. One category, which is seeing a lot more growth is the short video 
platforms. How Affle is placed in this value chain? Are we able to participate in 
it or be part of this spending or are we yet to develop any capability to deliver 
ads within the short video platforms? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
See, for us video as well as the theme that we have around video on connected 
devices, connected TV and connected households is a strong theme. Now, where 
are these short videos being consumed? These short videos are, if I'm not wrong, 
over 90% being consumed either on mobile devices or on the connected TV 
experiences that people are having. Affle is having a strong play in this area. The 
overall growth that we are seeing in terms of advertisers shifting their spends 
towards mobile and digital in emerging markets is basically in emerging markets. 
What was lagging behind is catching up to what the consumers have already 
caught onto.  
The consumers in emerging markets are deeply connected on the mobile device 
and going forward on other connected devices as well. That trend is clear and 
Covid times have actually accelerated that adoption curve and trend. In the 
developed markets, consumers have already moved on and the advertisers have 
also moved on. In the emerging markets, consumers have moved to digital much 
more deeply, however, the advertisers are still catching up. So, the shift that I'm 
talking about from traditional spends to more digital spends in emerging markets 
is a mega trend, which will not get slowed down because of the macro factors.  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
10 
 
In fact, when the macro factors become tighter and all of these companies 
marketing and advertising spends come under a stronger sort of a review that - 
hey, where is the ROI coming? You will see a faster adoption towards digital and 
a faster trimming down from traditional to digital. And if you segment the digital 
further, yes, digital has many formats. Affle is well-diversified across all those 
formats, such as video and short video, is inclusive of it. In fact, one of our case 
studies that we have shown is talking about video, connected TV and connected 
households in this earnings presentation itself.  
Kapil Bhutani:  
Just to add here, we work with short video formats, on both the sides, as a client 
as well as a customer and on the publishing side also. Affle has capabilities to 
place ads in short video formats.  
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. That wass helpful. My second question is more from the Bobble divestment, 
it is mentioned in your notes to accounts in the reported financial statements, 
that you are considering the sale of Bobble investment. Our understanding is that 
Bobble was supposed to help you through getting a lot of first-party data. So, 
what happened in this front? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Our strategic intent and relationship with Bobble is a five-year long partnership 
where we are the exclusive partner with our SDK integrated within the Bobble 
keyboard to leverage the monetization capability. So, we can bring the consumer 
experiences, the consumer recommendations, and enhance the consumer 
experience while delivering conversions for the advertisers. Now that is a five 
year partnership. That is obviously more anchored together with the fact that we 
also are a significant investor. In the last three years, we have been the only 
major investor who was invested in Bobble, in the year 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
Now, in 2022, we are looking at maybe more investors coming into Bobble and 
therefore, there could be an opportunity for us to sell some part of our equity 
and take a great ROI return on our investment in it while still holding one of the 
highest investors position in the company on their cap table and continuing to be 
a long-term strategic partner. So, the equity ownership position and the 
commercial strategic relationship are two independent transactions. 
What we are looking at is also to strengthen our own cash position in the company. 
Since, Bobble is today an associate company of us. About 25% ownership that we 
have earned in Bobble over the period of time and the optimal position for us 
would be to take a minority, but a significant major investor position within 
Bobble, but not necessarily to bring it, to become an associate of our company, 
which as a public listed company has several other implications on Bobble.  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
11 
 
We are bullish about what we can do on a strategic basis together with Bobble 
and that includes leveraging consumer insights, powered by data, leveraging the 
ability to have that touchpoint 100 times a day to connect with consumers. But 
Bobble is not necessarily a company that Affle would want to own more than a 
20% or a 51% at this point in time. I'm not closing those possibilities, but at this 
point in time our strategic intent is to be more broad based with multiple 
keyboard partners, multiple publishers and there are other keyboards that 
already work with us. 
We don't want to show that we are so deeply in Bobble that others start feeling 
threatened. You see. We want to be go deep with Bobble, but at the same time, 
we want to work with other keyboard companies as well around the world. As 
part of this plan, it makes sense to keep our ownership at a certain level and not 
beyond that. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Nikhil Chandak from JM Family Office. 
Please go ahead.  
Nikhil Chandak:  
My question was on the same Google privacy norms. If I read the blog correctly, 
the official blog by Google, it's not that they have abolished the plan completely 
of phasing out third-party cookies, the decision has just got postponed to 2024. 
So, what I wanted to understand is if you could specify what impact can this have, 
assuming this goes ahead in 2024 or in 2025, for example, somewhere it's tough 
to believe that this can't impact the company. We have seen the kind of havoc 
what created on Meta because of the Apple IDFA changes. So, it's tough to believe 
that if Google does actually go ahead, maybe with a delay,then it can't have an 
impact on Affle. So if you could explain what will be the exact impact, assuming 
the same happens in 2024 or 2025?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
First of all, the cookies are only applicable and relevant in a browser scenario, 
meaning that somebody is going to a website from a mobile browser or a PC 
browser and only then a cookie comes into play. Affle's business has almost, not 
even like 1% to 2% impact of anything to do with the browser. Our business is 
almost distinctly of on-device partnerships with OEMs, operators, in-app, like on 
apps, which are downloaded on the mobile devices or even on connected TV and 
working with those apps either directly by integrating with SDK API or through 
programmatic means. 
So, today, or in fact, for the last 17 years, ever since when Affle was started, our 
business was always on device in-app mobile embedded experiences for the 
consumers. It was never about the browser on mobile, because I always felt since 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
12 
 
inception that the browser was a little bit too slow. Having said that, even those 
whose business is on the browser, I believe that by the time Google is going to 
implement cookies, as in replace cookies, they will implement something that 
will be even more effective and efficient for advertisers and advertising than the 
cookies. Because Google wants to enable advertising to continue, while 
addressing the obsolete technology of cookies if I make call it that. Cookies have 
been around ever since Internet has been around and there has been no evolution 
in that for almost 25, 30 years. This needs to change. 
Nikhil Chandak:  
To be sure, none of the changes proposed by Google would have an impact on 
Affle is what you are saying.  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Yes. So, the two changes that were today talked about on the call today, one was 
on within gaming apps Google is saying that certain types of ads, which are 
intrusive and potentially spam-ish should not be allowed, and that has nominal or 
no impact onus. Second topic of Google that we talked was about cookies and 
that is largely limited to websites and browser. I can tell you whether today or in 
2023, 2024, as of today there is very little exposure that Affle has to anything to 
do with the browser or websites and cookies. So again, no impact of that. 
Nikhil Chandan:  
I am sorry, I am harping on this, but any other changes, for example, to the 
Android platform or anything which potentially can have an impact in two to three 
years down the line? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
Google has talked about doing something on android which is a diluted or a much 
more acceptable version of what Apple did last year on iOS in 2021, with respect 
to IDFA and certain changes. Google has started to talk about doing similar 
changes many years later than what Apple did. Now that has some implication. 
However, that implication is at least a few years out, what one can see is that on 
cookies, Google has reacted four to five years later or even much more later than 
what Apple did. 
Then even on the in-app ecosystem, Google is not necessarily going to accelerate 
its path as is evident to us from their track record. Most importantly, when Apple 
made these changes in 2021, what did Affle do? Affle went and acquired Jampp 
and together with Jampp, we went into the US market with our revised sort of 
proposition for iOS and did really well in that segment. This means that even after 
Apple did the changes, Affle together with its newly acquired subsidiary, went 
into the US market, which is not Affle's home ground and became one of the top 
successful platforms in the US market on Apple's revised policy. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
13 
 
So, we negotiated Apple's changes in 2021 and made it into a business opportunity 
for us vs. our competitors. Our fundamental is clear, the consumer is not going 
away from mobile devices, the advertisers’ budget is not going away from digital 
and mobile. These two things are the anchor pillars of our business thesis. Within 
these two things, whether it is privacy laws or whether it is Apple changing 
something or Google changing something, one thing that they cannot change is 
that consumer is not moving away from these devices and the advertisers 
consequently are not shifting the budgets away from these devices. 
Therefore, as long as we find the technology solutions to implement and create 
the right ROI metrics, we will continue to thrive vs. competition in this business, 
like we did in 2021 and continue to do in 2022. We are not nervous about it. But 
are we immune to it? No, of course, changes happen. I read every single bit of 
this progress with deep interest and we build strategies to combat that and 
diversify our business to combat that and we are comfortably placed where we 
are today. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Anmol Garg:  
Hi, Anuj and Kapil. Firstly, wanted to understand that from the last three-
quarters, we have not seen any improvement in our gross margin, per se, when I 
am talking about gross margin, I mean, the inventory & data costs as a percentage 
of revenue. We have not seen much improvement over there. Why is the 
improvement in Jampp’s margin not visible in the inventory cost at consolidated 
level? Is it because of a decline in the margins of India business? What can be the 
reason for the same? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
No, the way you have to see the ability for improving the margins in Jampp 
business is to create much more operational efficiency in terms of how the 
technology cost is working as a function of the overall cost and how we are 
enabling incremental scale up without incremental increase in the OPEX of 
Jampp. So, our tech stack is actually leapfrogging Jampp and the acquired 
business, why only Jampp, I mean, Mediasmart and Appnext and so on, the same 
playbook has workedfor all. 
You acquire a company that is breaking even, you help that company to leapfrog 
ahead without investing further in cost, because they are leveraging Affle's 
backbone. In Jampp, only one year has passedsince it was acquired and we still 
have two more years to go before we bring them to about the level of profitability 
that we enjoy in Affle's business organically.  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
14 
 
If you look at Affle's business organically is around 25% EBITDA, the acquired 
business of Jampp was 0% margin when we acquired them and now it has come 
to about 10% margin on the bottom-line and still work-in-progress. How will this 
work-in-progress happen? In the next year and the next two years, there will be 
a lot of areas of improvements, how to scale up, how to bring more efficiencies, 
how to charge the advertiser a bit more while the inventory & date cost stays the 
same. As a percentage of revenue, it changes because you are now able to charge 
more because you are delivering more value to the advertiser for conversions. So, 
how can we increase our price without increasing data? There are multiple 
optimizations that are not yet deployed and work-in-progress with respect to 
Jampp.  
Now, to attribute and say that India margin has gone down, that is not true. I 
mean, if you look at it on a standalone basis, transfer pricing adjustments across 
our countries and entities, such adjustments will continue to happen as per the 
policies that the auditors have approved. But fundamentally, what we are seeing 
is the drivers of our growth are more consumer conversions, defensible pricing of 
CPCU rates, organically over Rs. 40, organic plus inorganic over Rs. 50 and so on. 
The defensibility of our pricing, the ability to scale up on consumer conversions 
and to attract a diverse range of verticals with a diverse set of advertisers to 
continue to on our business model is unique. That is what is driving our revenue 
growth and our margins, Last several quarters, the efficiencies have absolutely 
been there. Even on a q-o-q basis, we saw about 17% growth in EBITDA and about 
10% growth in revenue. So, even if you take the immediate sequential quarter, 
you see that there are margin efficiencies that are coming on the bottom-line. 
The other aspect that I want to touch upon and take the opportunity is that what 
is exactly inventoryand data cost, while it is a line item on the P&L, which is fully 
expensed out in each reporting period. Data and inventory is also an investment 
that Affle is making in our 2Vs, Vernacular, verticalization strategy. I mean, when 
we say vernacular, verticalization, what does it mean? Are these just words that 
sound good? They reflect in how we are investing in the deeper inventory and 
data cost. 
Our data systems, our DMP platform is verticalizing the knowledge. It is building 
the intent of the consumer on the vernacular stack as well, to see how we can go 
deeper with consumer recommendations and engagements on that basis. To do 
these two things, we need to invest in inventory and data costs. We cannot just 
say these strategies and then not follow it up. We are actually following it up. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
15 
 
The correct way to account for inventory and data, which I believe in strongly, 
but I don't think the auditing and the accounting standards are up to the mark to 
do that and complicate life too much for everyone to understand - that some 
percentage of that data and inventory cost is actually an investment, is actually 
a balance sheet event, is not a P&L event. The investment that we are making 
into a strategy shows that we are bullish about how the future growth will come, 
otherwise one would not invest. If I will report a higher profit in the short-term 
and not invest into a future strategy by having lesser data and inventory cost, it 
does not make a good case. So, please do take this in context that we are fully 
expensing it out, but it has an element of investment in it. Thank you.  
Kapil Bhutani:  
Just to add here - you have to see the three-quarters together, India did not go 
down in Q4 FY2022 as much as the international markets went in vs. Q3 FY2022, 
given Q3 is our highest quarter. So, largely it is a balancing act between the 
movement of Q3 to Q4 and now to Q1 FY2023. The budgets move and this was in 
the first quarter. Secondly, we don't see this as a decline itself because India had 
a nice Q4 FY2022 as compared to international, India event did not show any 
major dip in Q4 FY2022 vs. Q3 FY2022. So it is in line with overall numbers.  
Second, related to the gross margin, there are two implications to it. One is the 
transfer pricing, which is getting affected because few operators have stopped 
billing from India entities and they are now billing from international entities. So, 
their bill goes to our international subsidiaries and then there is a cross-charge to 
it. There is a transfer pricing cost which is also going on. 
It's not just the factor of the margin on the standalone. However, because of the 
geopolitical reasons, few of these OEMs have stopped billing from their India 
entities. They say that we don't want to operate our India entities and that is why 
we are getting indirect inventories through our subsidiaries based out of India. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain:  
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on strong performance. One 
structural question, which is that on this Apple privacy policy impact, what we're 
hearing from several publishers that the monetization on the store has been 
impacted. I understand that you have been growing on this, because of your size 
and positioning, but more on an overall industry sense, who in your view would 
take the hit eventually? Is it the publisher side or is it higher customer acquisition 
cost for the advertiser or at the growth margin would be the bigger hit? Second 
thing, on the Jampp side, we have been growing well, so if you could help, what 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
16 
 
is driving our momentum here? Is it more about attractive pricing or better 
conversion efficacy and the clarification on Jampp margin, is it 10% margin or 10% 
contribution?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
So that's three questions. I will try to answer all in one breath. The changes that 
you are seeing on the iOS platform, while it may happen at an ecosystem level. I 
strongly believe that they were sharply pointed at the big technology companies 
or the big advertising tech companies like Google, Facebook and the likes. I 
believe that Apple has been kind in the way they have opened up their backend 
platforms, capabilities, and the kind of APIs and ability for platforms like us to 
integrate with them. I think we have seen a fairly good, transparent and sensible 
approach there. We believe that the changes that are happening on iOS, the 
biggest pie to take the hit would be the likes of Google and Facebooks and similar 
tech companies potentially. 
With respect to overall growth that we are seeing in digital advertising from 
brands who are working with us, I believe that the fundamentals of unique 
differentiated business model, which is giving ROI-linked conversions to the 
advertisers is a key factor in terms of how we are achieving outcomes. The second 
is that we focus on emerging markets disproportionately while competitors who 
we can see as credible technology platform players & who have invested 
meaningfully or have been around long enough to compete with us meaningfully, 
are all focused on developed markets disproportionately. They have relatively 
weaker focus or emphasis in emerging markets, whether it is in their R&D plans, 
whether it is in their teams that they assign or the strength of the offices that 
they open in the emerging markets.  
It is interesting for us to go and compete with all the top global names in the 
ecosystem in emerging markets, where we are the strongest player and then we 
have all these strong looking names, but they are weaker in their presence and 
therefore, we are able to beat. So, unique business model and clear competitive 
advantages in emerging markets make us a strong player to continue to win 
greater market share vs. industry average growth rates in emerging markets. You 
had a third question, but sorry, my memory has got -- skipped it. I only remember 
the… 
Kapil Bhutani:                 On your last question, Jampp’s EBITDA & PAT margin was about 10% 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
17 
 
Mukul Garg:  
Hi, Anuj. If we see the impact of Apple's IDFA and the recent macro environment, 
one thing which is picking up quite smartly is this plan of putting out first party 
ad networks by multiple properties, multiple large data sets which are out there 
in the world. Can you just share some thoughts on how you see this impacting the 
market as a whole because this obviously puts out a lot more credible and highly 
correlated data out in public domain, which can improve the efficiency of the ad 
networks? Also, whether this will enable relatively newer startups in the space to 
catch up to the large data sets, which we have collated over the last many years? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Firstly, if you look at the emerging markets, exposure to Apple devices in 
emerging markets will be low and ad spends on iOS will be insignificant. As I see, 
well over 90% of mobile in emerging markets is Android. So, when we talk about 
Apple IDFA or even the macroeconomic factors, we must straight away take the 
context to developed markets. Europe has negligible contribution to Affle, US 
market is a large market and Affle is a very small there as a percentage, even 
within our scheme of things. And The numbers are small that suddenly the macro 
factor is not impacting what Affle is making in that market today. I think, when 
you take the question in the context of Affle, it becomes a question that is more 
intellectual for us to look at what's happening in the market, not how is that 
impacting Affle so deeply. US market is a small percentage of Affle's business and 
as a percentage of total US market, it is even more negligible. There is enough 
Android business in the US market for Affle to go and win that and still continue 
to grow disproportionately in the US. All of these factors have to be taken into 
account. 
Now, is Apple IDFA change introducing new set of quality data into the hands of 
the market? The answer is no. In fact, it is clipping the wings of accessibility of 
data through asking for consent of the consumer and therefore, only a few select 
players would have that. Having said that, what they have crippled is Facebook 
and Google's ability to go beyond their own first party on their third party 
networks that they were doing with other publishers and so forth.  
 
That is the part that has impacted these guys quite a bit. So, I think there is a lot 
of assumption there in saying that what Apple IDFA is doing is to bring out quality 
data sets into the market. That is not true. These quality data sets, which are 
first-party data sets already existed in the market with each of those publishers. 
Now only those publishers who will have consent will have those data sets. So, 
data is becoming more premium vs. commoditized. Data is becoming harder to 
gain than to say that it has become easily accessible to everyone. At least that's 
as per my understanding. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
18 
 
But having said that, for any investor who's not keeping pace with this 
conversation or the depth of this conversation must know one thing that Affle is 
disproportionately anchored on emerging markets, with over 80% of our business 
from emerging markets. Even in the developed markets, there is almost negligible 
impact of Europe. So, any worry about recession or deeper impact in Europe, 
please, keep that out of Affle's sort of forecast and plans. 
Any impact on the US market, please know Affle is very tiny with respect to how 
big the US market is. We are still aggressive out there because when the base is 
small, I think all of us agree, it's easier to grow. Our base in the US market is 
nothing almost. And so, even if we are in the US market, there is a way for us to 
grow on the Android side of the ecosystem itself, where we come across as the 
strong contenders of the emerging market leaders. In the US, we are still able to 
win business on Android and on iOS, we have been in the top 10 in the first year 
after the iOS changes. 
We are bullish and confident. We are not completely impacted, but we are in a 
highly privileged position vs. most competitors in the market. 
Mukul Garg:  
A follow up, you said that the first party data is becoming more constrained or 
like, people need to pay to access those datasets. Is that something which can 
impact us as a business? Although, we have collated a lot of data and also if 
someone is willing to invest, spend for those datasets. And I am again focusing on 
emerging markets because those datasets will emerge here also in the due course. 
Is that something which worries us?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
Not really because the islands of datasets never leads to the kinds of insights that 
we are talking about. First of all, the datasets that you are talking about are 
largely focused on iOS, consent based, IDFA based first-party datasets. They 
existed even before. Earlier, the consent wasn't really as clinically required, but 
now the consent is clinically required. So they are becoming a little bit harder to 
get. 
Now coming to emerging markets there is no such scenario because about 95% of 
the market is Android. iOS contribution on devices is may be like 5% or lesser. So, 
anywhere in emerging markets globally, we find that for almost 95% of the data 
set, no change is happening right now at least for the next several years.  
Now, where Affle is unique is the fact that we have data across, let's say we talk 
about India, we have non- personal identifiable data of over 600 million 
connected device. This data is deeply verticalized across the top 10 verticals and 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
19 
 
vernacularized over 30 different languages. When we talk about this depth of 
data across industry verticals, across this kind of wide consumer demographic 
segment, it is really hard to get. You can't just go and say, okay, you go to one 
publisher or one particular party and buy that data. The Consumer Privacy Laws 
are not allowing some free trade that anybody can go and buy and sell data.  
The access to that depth of data and information and the depth and breadth of 
data that we have built over all these years of serving hundreds and hundreds of 
advertisers across these industry verticals. Therefore, we have the learning of 
which consumer cohort is likely to convert for which particular vertical and what 
is the correlation between them. There is no shortcut way of doing it. Even if I 
were to tomorrow, start another startup all over again, with all my experience in 
Affle, I will take at least three-five years to get to reach any position to give a 
fighting chance to have some budgets run out of Affle. So, not eliminating the 
possibility, I'm just saying it is hard for somebody even like me, for somebody to 
step out and do. It takes time. There is no shortcut to it. 
Kapil Bhutani:  
Just to clarify because the response earlier was not fully understood by Rahul. 
Just to clarify that the EBITDA margin from Jampp business is about 10% and 
contribution at the consolidated level is little less than 20%. So, I hope it is clear 
because the question was getting confused between the contribution and the 
margin.  
Moderator:  
We will take our last question from Mr. Sumail Choksey from Indus Equity Advisors. 
Due to constraint in time, Mr. Choksey, I request you to ask only one question.  
Sumail Choksey:  
Congratulations on your third IPO anniversary milestone and my commendations 
to Mr. Khanna Sohum and the rest of the management on another steady set of 
numbers. I had a few questions, but I'll just ask two of them together. So at Affle, 
we have pursued a fairly robust M&A strategy, we have got many new acquisitions 
into the fold over the last few years and we are likely to do so in the future. Now, 
in this regard, what sets Affle apart from its peers in terms of being able to 
successfully integrate these acquired enterprises, both into your ecosystem and 
culture so well? Has there been any prime catalyst for this? I'm sure there have 
been some challenges faced in these integrations as well. So what have been the 
chief learning from these and how have they prepared Affle for the future? Also, 
on a q-o-q basis, there was a slight dip in revenues from India. Has this been due 
to a lack of demand or seasonality? I'm guessing if it's seasonal then it's likely to 
reverse in the coming quarters? 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
20 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
I will take your first question on the M&A strategy and then Kapil will answer the 
second one. Now, why our M&A strategy has worked out so well, especially with 
respect to Mediasmart, Appnext, Jampp, which were acquired outside India and 
culturally different from us. Mediasmart is in Spain, the Appnext founders from 
Israel, Jampp has Latin American founders. So the first reason for it to be strong 
is that we have a clear Affle 2.0 consumer platform stack, which we had then 
presented together with Jampp, Appnext, Mediasmart in December, 2021 to all 
our investors and analysts. This is a clear strategy on our platform stack whichhas 
enabled the playbook to be seamless, to bring an acquired asset on board and 
integrating them deeply. 
The acquired asset sees an immediate benefit and the value system starts to 
enroll without becoming too intrusive or in the face of anyone. That's step number 
one. If any other company tries to do an M&A and doesn't back it up with a clear 
technology stack and a non-intrusive way of bringing value by bringing things 
together, they will have a tough time to do it. So, this is the one reason that 
makes it simple and that is more about technology and process, less about people 
and culture. 
Second, in terms of people and culture, we have been extremely conservative 
and very careful. The point that I amm making is thatwe had exceptionally long 
courtship periods with ouracquired set of companies to iron out everything that 
could go wrong in terms of people and culture, prior to getting married business-
wie. So thinking it with an analogy of marriage, is that you date someone, you 
live-in together, you make sure everything is clear, fully compatible, then let us 
get engaged and then married. 
So, deep and long courtship periods, in the case of Jampp eight years, in the case 
of Mediasmart and Appnext about four to five years each, deeply connecting with 
them. Therefore, even during COVID times, we had the confidence to cross the 
line and to sign on the dotted line. So that's second reason. Of course, the third 
reason is that Affle's culture and Affle's own success creates a desirability and a 
pull factor. Where all of these companies are happy and feeling pride in its 
association with Affle.  
I think the way they perceived us prior to signing the deal and how the employees 
perceive us after one to two years of the deal, we have risen in the internal 
credibility, perception and built pride for the Affle brand and that as a pull factor 
keeps people together. I believe these are the three factors that have led to a 
robust M&A success. It may seem as if we were aggressive, but I feel we have 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
21 
 
been conservative and careful and therefore successful. That is on question 
number one.  
Sumail Choksey:  
Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt but just wanted to ask you again on the last part 
of my question. I am sure there must have been challenges, what have your chief 
learnings been from those? I mean have that prepared you all better for the future 
in terms of the integration, I mean the challenges? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
I have to admit that the expectation of challenges was always high. When we 
were nervous, even after doing these long courtship periods, having the 
confidence to do the deal is one thing, but I cannot eliminate the deep 
nervousness that I was also feeling entering into these transactions. I have to 
admit to that. In context to the nervousnesses around expectation of the 
challenges, that will come about or may come about, the eventual challenges 
that did actually come about were actually almost insignificant. 
So, what kind of challenges come up? Well, sometimes there is an expectation of 
what kind of a long-term value creation that we can align as a path. Like we may 
want a 10 years togetherness plan. Well, most people don't think 10 years in our 
industry. I mean, most of the startups or entrepreneurs think maybe one, two or 
three years. They don't even know how to forecast beyond that. Affle thinks 10 
years. 
When we started this year 2022, Affle2.0 was our strategy from 2020 to 2030. So, 
graduating people to think of that and to think it authentically not just, oh, we 
had to give something because Anuj is saying. No. To actually believe guys, we 
are going to be around together for that long and 10 years passes really fast. That 
level of maturity and bringing that authenticity to plan for 10 years is never easy, 
even in a organic situation, in your own management team, to get people to think 
that far and deep sometimes is a challenge. I had to deal with the CEOs and 
entrepreneurs who had already got fixed in their ways over the years to expand 
that sustainable, long-term thinking which is still work in progress. But I am at it 
and working uponit. I know I will get through it, but that is the challenge that I 
want to talk about and I would spend more time on it prior to the acquisition 
going forward, than post. 
Sumail Choksey: 
Sure. My second question was on a q-o-q basis, India seeing a slight dip in the 
revenues. I mean, has this been due to a lack of demand or is it seasonal in nature? 
I would guess if it's seasonal, it's likely to reverse in the coming quarters.  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 08, 2022 
 
22 
 
Kapil Bhutani: 
I answered this question previously also. It is to be seen in the light of Q3 FY2022 
to Q4 FY2022, there was hardly any dip in India revenue from Q3 to Q4. Generally 
for us, the Q4 is lower than the Q3. The Q4 vs. Q3 momentum was lower for the 
international market as compared to India, which was largely resilient in Q4 
FY2022. Hence, in this Q1 FY2023, when you compare the India revenue 
sequentially, balancing has taken place given the India base in Q4 FY2022 was 
higher. There is no other way to read it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. I now hand over the call to the management team for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum:  
Well, thank you so much everyone for joining us today on our third IPO 
anniversary. I did mention earlier that we celebrate it today with our 385,000+ 
shareholders and it is deeply humbling, inspiring and it instills greater 
responsibility, accountability on our shoulders to deliver the sustainable cash flow 
and positive long-term growth for Affle. I am looking forward to the journey 
ahead. Like I mentioned, we think long term, we are making all our teams think 
long term as well and we look forward to meeting you as the journey unfolds. So, 
thank you for believing in us and for supporting us. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may not disconnect your lines. 
***end*** 
