 
 
 
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in 
  www.sapphirefoods.in 
 702, Prism Tower, A-Wing, Mindspace, Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
(formerly known as Sapphire Foods India Private Limited) 
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005 
Date: August 18, 2022 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: SAPPHIRE 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 40001  
 
Scrip Code: 543397 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript – Q1 FY23 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings call held on Thursday, 
August 11, 2022, in relation to the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 
2022. 
 
The said Earnings Call Transcript is also available at the website of the Company  
(www.sapphirefoods.in/investors-relation/financial-information ) under FY23 Q1 section. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Dudam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Sapphire Foods India Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                               
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJAY PUROHIT - CEO AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR, SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
                                             MR. VIJAY JAIN - CFO, SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA 
LIMITED 
                                             MR. RAHUL KAPOOR - INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Sapphire Foods India Limited, hosted by Orient Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance, during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note, that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Kapoor from Sapphire Foods India Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir! 
Rahul Kapoor: 
Thank you, Faizan. Good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to Sapphire Foods' first 
quarter FY23 earnings conference call. I'm Rahul Kapoor from Sapphire Foods, Investor 
Relations team. Today, on the call, I'm joined by Mr. Sanjay Purohit, who's our Group CEO 
and Whole Time Director; Mr. Vijay Jain, who's our CFO. 
We've already uploaded our investor presentation and earnings press release on stock 
exchanges and our company's website. We will begin the call with a commentary from the 
management, which will be followed by a Q&A session. 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are purely based upon 
our belief, opinion and expectation of the company, as of today. These statements are in no 
way guarantee of our future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that cannot be 
predicted at this point in time. 
With that, I'll hand it over to Sanjay. Here you go, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Sanjay Purohit, here. I'm also joined by Vijay Jain who's our CFO 
and both of us in tandem will take you through the highlights of our quarter 1 performance. 
Quarter 1 this year, has been the first quarter since the COVID pandemic, when we've seen a 
full recovery in our operating hours, and that is translated into positive impact on both KFC as 
well as Pizza Hut businesses, especially the dine-in businesses, and they have seen a strong 
recovery. Dine-in on KFC has come back to pre-COVID levels and Pizza Hut is just a shade 
short at 85% recovery. 
We've had a really, really strong quarter. We delivered our highest ever quarterly revenue at 
INR 544 crore and our highest ever EBITDA of INR 111 crore. Our previous highest EBITDA 
was INR 108 crore, just for the record was in quarter 3 of FY22, this excluded that additional 
incentive that we accrued in the quarter and we had called it out at that point in time. 
So, strong quarter, highest ever quarterly revenue and highest ever EBITDA. This EBITDA 
post Ind AS stood at 20.5% up 640 basis points, year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was INR 72 
crore at 13.3% up 1020 basis points and PAT stood at INR 38 crore at 7% up 1570 basis points. 
I think the important part here is this strong performance is despite the macro-economic 
challenges that have impacted our Sri Lanka business and I'll talk about it in a minute, but just 
at a broad level Sri Lanka used to contribute about 25% of our overall profits in the last year in 
FY21-FY22. Today, it contributes 10% in quarter 1. So, despite Sri Lanka's performance and 
that performance also I'll peel the onion in a minute or so largely because of foreign currency 
translation. Therefore, the India Business has really done well and has more than compensated 
for the flat Sri Lanka numbers. 
Let me now talk about the three businesses. So, KFC had a very strong quarter 65% SSSG and 
almost we doubled in overall revenue. We talked about inflation in the last quarter and to 
mitigate this inflation, we are taking a price increase of about 9%. So, though gross margins 
dropped a bit, our overall cost efficiency programs enabled us to deliver amongst our best ever 
restaurant EBITDA at 20.3%. So, KFC really strong quarter we have had. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
What is heartening is our Pizza Hut performance. And this continues to validate, what we have 
said and tom-tommed about talked about continuously that our compact omni channel 
restaurant strategy, which delivers optimal customer experience in dine-in, take away and 
delivery is the way for the brand to differentiate itself and be a strong number to, and as a result 
we've delivered SSSG of 47% overall revenue has increased by 85%. 
We took a lower price increase on Pizza Hut and limited it to 5%, but as din-in sales recovered 
our core portfolio also -- our legacy core portfolio also did well. Our dine-in sales recovered, 
delivery sales held and together with the cost efficiency programs, we delivered our healthiest 
14.8% restaurant EBITDA margin. So, Pizza Hut performance was very strong. 
And I think the other positive part on the brand is that there was a significant gap in our 
product price portfolio of Pizza Hut and this is really a pizza under INR 100 and this has been 
plugged with the launch of the very differentiated flavor fun pizzas. I'll speak about it more 
when we come to the Pizza Hut section. This was test marketed in Chennai and Hyderabad in 
quarter 1 with really good results and those encouraging results have emboldened us to launch 
it nationally on the 25th of July. So, that's another positive development on Pizza Hut. 
Let me come to Sri Lanka. I think the external environment has been challenging and continues 
to be so, it has not deteriorated further and therefore there's some amount of stability that has 
come back to Sri Lanka. On the back, so we delivered an overall 53% SSSG in rupee terms and 
a 93% increase in overall revenue. So, while we took price increases, inflation was even higher 
and therefore gross margins dropped. And therefore, restaurant EBITDA also dropped to 
15.5%. The absolute restaurant EBITDA grew by 65% but once we do the currency translation 
impact in Indian rupee terms, the absolute restaurant EBITDA remains flat over last year 
quarter 1. 
So, we continue to do from a local business perspective in Sri Lanka. However, the situation 
continues to remain challenging but stable. And I would say just very marginally improving 
perhaps the end of July and August.  If you remember we had advised that we should be able to 
double our restaurant count, which was standing at 550 restaurants and in December '21 we 
said we should be able to double it in three to four years. And accordingly, our total addition of 
37 restaurants has kept in pace with that guidance that we had given. 
We opened 18 KFCs, 16 Pizza Hut in India, two Pizza Hut and one Taco Bell in Sri Lanka. So, 
this was the broad highlights. Specifically, from a number perspective, our restaurant sales are 
now referencing the slide presentation that you have got access to. 
I'm on Slide number 7. Our restaurant sales was INR 544 crore, adjusted EBITDA so that's 
totally that's up by 80%, restaurant EBITDA INR 72 crore 13.3%, the same quarter last year 
which was COVID impacted was 3.1%. Our EBITDA is INR 111 crore up 161% over INR 43 
crore in quarter 1 of FY22 or 20.5% up 640 basis points. PAT is INR 38 crore versus negative 
INR 26 crore in the same quarter last year. So, 7% PAT. 
I'll now hand it over to Vijay, who will take us through the specific consolidated financial 
highlights and then I'll come back to give you indication of KFC, Pizza Hut and Sri Lanka. 
Vijay Jain: 
Thanks, Sanjay. Good afternoon, everyone. I will take on from Slide number 9, consol 
financial highlights. As we said restaurant revenue of INR 543 crore was highest ever for the 
quarter, gross margin as estimated we were expecting a drop in gross margins on account of 
inflation and our price increase being lower than the inflation. 
So, we drop the gross margins at by 220 basis points. And we had guided that in spite of a drop 
in gross margins we were confident of not only sustaining, but improving our restaurant 
EBITDA margins. For restaurant EBITDA margins of 18.5%, up by 690 basis points over 
corresponding quarter. And even if you look at sequentially it was 18.3% in quarter 4. This 
translated into higher adjusted EBITDA of 13.3% up by 1020 basis points at INR 72.2 crore. 
Slide 11, corporate EBITDA or consolidated EBITDA at INR 111 crore which is highest ever 
as Sanjay mentioned the previous highest was in quarter 3 of last financial year. This was up by 
640 basis points, over corresponding quarter and a growth of 161%. We delivered a PAT of 7% 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
at INR 38 crore up by 1570 bps. So, the corresponding quarter was a loss making on account of 
COVID impact, second wave of COVID impact. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes. Let me quickly take you through KFCs performance. As you could expect in, as I spoke 
about this, when operating hours started to normalize our dine-in sales recovered. So, dine-in 
sales as a contribution -- I'm talking about Slide number 14 of the presentation, dine-in was 
46% and delivery held, but in a contribution sense came down to 35%. 
When we look at comparable stores and their recovery versus our recovery at a channel level, 
absolute ADS versus FY20, dine-in is 102%, take away is 112% and delivery is still double of 
what it was in FY20. From a new product launch perspective, we had the KFC popcorn, 
Nachos launch and that's done quite well. It's a very differentiated product and I invite 
everyone on the call to perhaps try it once. It's really, really tasty. 
I'm now going to go to some of the new restaurant launches. I wish I could show you some 
slides. But there was a really important gap in our mall portfolio that we plugged in quarter 1. 
Perhaps the largest and most successful malls in the country that fall in our territory is the high 
street Phoenix or the Phoenix Palladium mall in Parel. And there we've been knocking on the 
doors of the mall while we've got great relationships with the mall, they were unable to find a 
space for us to six years. 
And then finally, we were able to enter the mall in what is perhaps an absolutely iconic store 
location. And to my mind it's a one-off location. I haven't seen any such stores anywhere else in 
the country. So, within a successful mall you have a separate structure. Many of you are 
Mumbai based and therefore you know what I'm talking about when you go on the road you 
can see a separate structure and KFC is opened there. We are very proud of that store is doing 
really well. 
And then you can see on the next slide, Slide number 19 some of the other stores that we have 
opened in Chikali; and Shalimar Bagh, Delhi; in Gerugambakkam, Chennai; and then Vicino 
mall, Mumbai. Viay, will now take us through the numbers. 
Vijay Jain: 
Slide 20 on KFC financials. Our SSSG was 65% our corresponding quarter with ADS of INR 
144,000, the growth of 37%. Restaurant revenue was at growth of 98% at INR 353 crore, this 
was highest ever revenue for KFC. The gross margins dropped by 200 basis points. And if I 
break this down into two parts, one was an account of mix, delivery mix was lower compared 
to the corresponding quarter. Last year same quarter it was 62%, now it has come down to 
35%. 
Generally, our delivery prices are 10% to 15% higher. So roughly 50% of drop is contributed 
by the change in mix. The balance 50% is on account of inflation. And as I said previously, that 
our price increase was 9% while inflation was well into double digits into mid-teens. Still, we 
were able to drive restaurant EBITDA margin expansion 20.3% one of the highest ever 
margins on KFC, which was due to dine-in recovery as well as the cost efficiency which 
enabled us deliver a very strong EBITDA performance at restaurant level for KFC. So overall 
very strong quarter for KFC. Our momentum continues in terms of store expansion, the 
revenue growth and still delivering some amount of margin expansion in KFC. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Quickly the Pizza Hut channel, I'm on Slide number 23, dine-in had a smart recovery and now 
contributes 37% of the total business. Delivery contribution has dropped to 47% but as an 
overall ADS level continues to hold. When we look at recovery versus FY20, dine-in is at 85%. 
And when I look at say, when I compare dine-in 85% to say KFC at 102% largely we see this 
gap in coming out of Karnataka and perhaps a few malls stores where dine-in transactions are 
still not back to pre-COVID levels. So that explains the slight gap between dine-in recovery on 
KFC and Pizza Hut. 
Other than that, I talked about the flavor fun pizza launch. I'm on Slide number 24. The starting 
price ranges at INR 79, there are five delicious sauce flavors. So, there's a classic Italian, 
tandoori, cheesy and schezwan sauce. It comes only in the personal pan size range and there are 
12 pizza offerings. So, it goes up to I think about INR 149 or INR 189 for the top and non veg 
range. We're really excited with this launch. It comes with a cheesy dressing and it tastes 
absolutely fantastic and bases the encouraging response that we've got in the test markets that 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
we ran Chennai and Hyderabad; we are hoping that this will also do quite well at the national 
level. 
We continue to open stores in Pizza Hut and you can see some of the pictures, we're very proud 
of the kinds of stores that we open also that Capital Mall, Nalasopara Mall we're doing about a 
lakh ADS and it's just a beautiful store and I think similarly across the board, the stores that we 
open look good, the customer experience is great. Quickly, Vijay on the numbers. 
Vijay Jain: 
On Slide 28. Pizza Hut delivered SSSG of 47% with ADS of 61,000 and a growth of 24% 
versus corresponding quarter. Again, Pizza Hut too delivered all time high revenue of INR 122 
crore up by 85% over corresponding quarters and 16 store additions, 16 restaurant additions in 
the quarter. The gross margins dropped on Pizza Hut by 110 basis points led by inflation on 
cheese, packaging and a bit of oil. 
But again, we had an excellent margin expansion of 14.8%, this is probably one of the best ever 
performance increase of Pizza Hut restaurant EBITDA level. I think the previous highest was 
quarter 3, the festive quarter where we delivered 14.9% excluding the additional incentives. So 
really good margin expansion. This was possible on account of dine-in recovery which we saw, 
our strategy on compact omni channel format. 
So, the new additions which you've been happening since April 18 onwards are on this higher 
profitable format. And our cost efficiency program has enabled us deliver highest ever 
restaurant EBITDA for Pizza Hut. Within this 14.8% I always give a color on pre 18 and post 
18 restaurants. So, the stores which have opened post 1st April 18 they are delivering now, 
moving from mid-teens level of profitability towards high teens and this is enabling us to drive 
margin expansion on Pizza Hut. So, overall, very heartening performance on Pizza Hut. 
Specially things that are compact omni channel strategy being played out and we have been 
able to deliver a significant margin expansion on the brand. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
From our Sri Lanka perspective, let me first give you a quick insight into what is happening on 
ground in that country. So, we saw the images of the general public uprising against the 
Government and against the President and the Prime Minister. We saw what happened there 
after that there's been a Prime Minister elect, Prime Minister who's been appointed, little more 
stability from a political perspective. I think people are realizing that there isn't a silver bullet 
answered to their issues. From a from a general consumer and general public perspective, 
inflation has hit them quite hard. And month on month we have seen inflation. So, overall, 
general food inflation, they have been hit. 
We have taken price increases, but I think we have to be able to still retain transactions we 
have still not taken price increases in line with inflation. And I think Vijay will give you a little 
bit of color on that. Having said that, availability of gas, electricity that enables us to do 
business as slowly and steadily stabilize and perhaps improve and that is on the upward tick. 
Quarter 1 typically is a low quarter for us from a seasonality perspective in Sri Lanka. Quarter 
2 onwards is when I if I just look back at the trend over the last five, six years, quarter 2 and 
then quarter 3 are the very big, are the best quarters. So, I'm anticipating as the business 
stabilizes, as the overall environment and economic, macro-economic conditions stabilize, our 
business also should do well. 
We continue to be the number 1 QSR operator. Internally we monitor our market share and this 
is our estimates of market share. And we believe that we have steadily increased and gain 
market share in the total QSR business in Sri Lanka. So, we continue to do better than anyone 
else in Sri Lanka and again, that's because of our advantages the brand is very powerful. Our 
innovation and product program is very strong. We are most accessible, the highest number of 
restaurants we got there. And we have our own delivery capability also.  
When last or in June, July when there was severe shortage of petrol for our delivery vehicles, 
we hit upon quite an innovative idea of delivering on cycles. And about 10%, 12% of our total 
deliveries was then being handled on cycles. And now we have -- now as fuel has got more 
available, we are able to deliver again back on our bikes. So, Sri Lanka from an overall 
perspective, I think we have seen the worst of what used to happen there. We have continued to 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
open stores in Sri Lanka because we see that as an opportunity and we opened two Pizza Hut 
and one Taco Bell in Sri Lanka in the quarter. So, Vijay the numbers? 
Vijay Jain: 
Slide 34.SSSG was 53% in LKR terms, our ADS grew by 34% in LKR terms at 333,000. In 
Indian rupees due to translation impact and due to currency depreciation, our ADS dropped by 
18%. Our revenue in LKR terms grew by 93%. And when you convert into Indian rupees, it 
grew by 17% for the quarter. 
Gross margin had a big impact on account of high inflation. And we were actually estimating 
this and the idea was to minimize the impact at a restaurant, EBITDA level. And most 
specifically, the idea for this year was how do you actually try and deliver and grow the 
absolute EBITDA in LKR terms. So, while restaurant EBITDA dropped by 250 basis points, 
the LKR EBITDA margin actually grew by 65%. And when you convert that into India rupees, 
it was flat here on year. 
So, overall, as Sanjay mentioned, external challenges continue to remain and it gets further 
aggravated by the fact of depreciation of the currency when you translate the number in Indian 
rupees for consolidation. However, Sri Lanka used to form 25% of our company EBITDA mix 
in FY22, which has come down to now close to 10% in FY quarter 1 of this particular financial 
year and this drop -- in spite of this drop, this impact has been not just mitigated, in fact, 
surpassed by the India business performance. And this has allowed us to still deliver overall 
very healthy quarter and our highest ever corporate EBITDA of INR 111 crore. 
Over to you, Faizan, we can open the session for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, sir, just wanted to understand firstly for your India Business. Typically, what would be the 
Q1 ADS as a percentage of the full year ADS in a normal year? 
Vijay Jain: 
Q1 is typically is on annual average. In terms of seasonality, I can just explain how the quarter 
wise seasonality plays out for Sapphire Foods. Q1 is typically annual average at a restaurant 
EBITDA level and at a corporate EBITDA level. A quarter 2 we see a slight dip on account of 
seasonality, especially on our KFC business because of the various festivities, the various 
religious activities, the Shravan's in the North, Shravan's in the West, the Navratri's, which 
impacts us the quarter 2 seasonality which gets more than compensated by our Q3 
performance, which is a festive quarter where the fields actually goes up. So, quarter 3 is 
higher than the annual average and quarter 4 is typically the annual average. So Q1 and Q4 is 
annual average, Q2 drops a bit, which gets more than compensated by the Q3 performance. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
And that Q2 drop is largely North and West. And if I just looking at North and West and 
nonvegetarian that is the drop. From a Pizza Hut perspective, I think it is reasonably stable 
right through the four quarters, perhaps quarter 3 is slightly higher because of the festival. Does 
that answer your question, Percy? 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, I was just saying so Q1 is in line with annual average both on ADS as well as EBITDA 
margins? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes, largely yes, Percy. You were able to hear the answer Percy, because I thought you got 
dropped off, you were able to get our answer on the entire seasonality Q1, Q2, Q3? 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes, I was able to hear you, yes. Second question is on Sri Lanka. So, just wanted to 
understand in terms of the margin directory so Q1 has done 15.5%, but was it a sliding scale 
across the three months, I mean the exit margins for the quarter were they significantly lower 
and therefore Q2 margins on that trajectory, do you expect it to be below Q1 for Sri Lanka? 
Vijay Jain: 
Again, we don't get into quarterly guidance but what I can tell you is we don't anticipate overall 
Q2 absolute EBITDA for Sri Lanka to be any worse off than quarter 1, largely should remain 
on the same trajectory as quarter 1 in terms of absolute EBITDA. And why I'm calling out 
absolute EBITDA again and again, because this is the year where it's going to be very difficult 
to predict the percentage margin, the way there is a high inflation in the country, the price calls 
cannot be every week, price calls, right? And again, at the same time you to hold on to the 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
transactions so, heartening part is that we have been able to hold on to the transactions in 
quarter 1. 
So, the way we are going to drive this year's P&R in Sri Lanka in LKR terms, can we hold on 
to the previous year's LKR EBITDA and drive upon that and grow up on that. So, we anticipate 
a drop, when you translate that EBITDA into Indian currency last quarter had called out there 
would be a drop on translation. 
We anticipate this drop could be anywhere between now INR 10 crore to INR 20 crore, this 
was overall INR 50 crore EBITDA last year, roughly I'm giving you in at a corporate level. So, 
that could be a INR 10 crore to INR 20 crore at Indian Rupees level. But again, as I said this 
has been more than compensated by our India performance and the overall mix of Sri Lanka 
business at EBITDA level has come down to 10%. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. So, basically the absolute EBITDA that you have done in rupee terms in this 
quarter, that kind of average quarterly run rate is sort of sustainable for the full year? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes, Percy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaikumar Doshi from Kotak. 
Jaikumar Doshi: 
Just a follow up on what Percy asked on Sri Lanka. Look, if I were to sort of -- from what I 
recall, your brand EBITDA for Sri Lanka was around INR 70 crore, INR 72 crore last year, and 
corporate EBITDA was INR 50 crore, INR 52 crore. So, there is a corporate overhead of INR 4 
crore to INR 5 crore per quarter. Then I look at this quarter's INR 10 crore brand EBITDA, I 
would assume that corporate EBITDA would be INR 5 odd crore. So, when you're indicating 
that corporate EBITDA for Sri Lanka will not be more than INR 10 crore, INR 20 crore lower 
than last year, you were indicating INR 30 crore for full year at least. And which means that 
you are assuming, significantly higher or rather in absolute terms versus INR 5 crore or INR 6 
crore this quarter, you're expecting improvement. So, are you seeing any improvement of the 
ground or you think that the political stability will gradually sort of translate into recovery or 
allow you to take more price increases to offset inflationary pressure? 
Vijay Jain: 
So, bit of correction in those numbers, Jay. So, when you look at INR 5 crore corporate 
overhead last year, when you translate into Indian currency even that translation would drop, 
right? INR 5 crore to INR 3 crore and that's why the math if you're estimating INR 10 crore 
restaurant EBITDA, the math says that it has to be in the range of INR 7 odd crore. That's why 
I said it should surpass INR 30 odd crore for the current year. I think that might. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Restaurant EBITDA, yes, you understood it, yes. 
Jaikumar Doshi: 
Perfect. Second question is, this quarter we have seen very strong recovery or sequential 
performance, or more or less full recovery in dine-in for all dine-in centric QSR, be it Mc D be 
it sort of KFC, we witnessed some weakness in UBs results versus expectation. Today and your 
channel makes it clearly indicates that dine-in is still 85% recovery versus FY20 level. You're 
seeing similar sort of trends for Pizza Hut of Devyani as well. So, do you think Pizza as a 
category, this is a new normal where more or less, all stores will settle at a lower post pandemic 
will settle at a lower dine-in absolute sales than where it was earlier. And if that is the case, so 
are you sort of -- are you getting that feeling first, could you give us some thoughts or insights 
there? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Not so at all, Jay. I mean, if I just look at some of our strong malls, I mean, if I just look at 
Bombay, Mumbai, and if I say, Infiniti, Inorbit Vashi, Seawoods -- sorry Seawoods we are not 
there, some of these malls our dine-in is back, in high street dine-in also is back. I think it's just 
a matter of time, that we'll see full recovery on Pizza Hut also. It is pockets where it has not 
recovered fully so, Karnataka still today it -- or in quarter 1, I have still not recovered fully. 
And I think when we speak to other people, Bangalore from a retail perspective was still not 
you know, back to pre-COVID levels. So, I think pizza as a category, we know we can't 
extrapolate it at least for Pizza Hut run by Sapphire not at all. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Jaikumar Doshi: 
Understood. Now you mentioned that there are specific pockets in Karnataka, Bangalore some 
malls where you are seeing recovery. When you talk to other brands and at least I'm sure we 
would, you don't manage KFC there, operate KFC in Bangalore, but is KFC recovery or let's 
say Mc D recovery in those malls, those pockets also lower than pre pandemic. Have you had a 
chance to … 
Sanjay Purohit: 
No, I don't know that, Jay. Because we don't run KFC in Karnataka. So, I'm not able to 
comment on that. 
Jaikumar Doshi: 
Understood. Now, my final question is for Vijay. So, Vijay you did mention that first quarter, 
EBITDA is typically average of full year. So, it means that INR 72 crore is, everything being 
normal should ideally mean you would do INR 288 crore of EBITDA full year. Does that 
factor in the store addition that you've also planned or this is the bare minimum and store 
addition could add a bit more? 
Vijay Jain: 
So, Jay, again, I would not get drawn into annual number over here, annual number guidance, I 
just tried to give an indication on trend, how quarter 1 is and how quarter 2, quarter 3, quarter 
4. At Sapphire we would always avoid giving a quarterly or annual number-based guidance so, 
that's for you to 
Jaikumar Doshi: 
That trend takes into consideration store addition, is that right? 
Vijay Jain: 
So, Jay, what I actually meant was percentage margins, right? So, percentage margins of 13% 
is what we said we were, is typically an annual average. So, you are drawing me into a 
conversation where how much is the absolute EBITDA considering the store additions, I'll not 
get drawn into that conversation, Jay. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Jay, and plus in any case, your model is so detailed that we might have to come to you to say 
what will happen to us in two years down the line. 
Jaikumar Doshi: 
Sir, I was tempted to ask this question because I know you don't guide but Percy was asking 
that question on ADS trends, and you yourself indicated EBITDA trends, so I thought I might 
as well push my luck? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kapil Jagasia from Edelweiss Financial Services. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
First of all, congratulations for a great set of numbers specially because of disruption in Sri 
Lanka. Sir, my question pertains to Sri Lanka operations only. So, if you could let us know, 
what would be the inflation for a raw material basket in Sri Lanka and like what would be the 
cumulative prices hikes taken by us so far in this? Sir, if I'm not wrong, you had mentioned 
something like 15% price hike taken in the last quarter so, any more price hikes taken this 
quarter, the ballpark number would be fine for both? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes, so, roughly another 15% to 16% price hike in quarter 1 FY23 whereas the inflation would 
be anywhere between 30% to 40% for the quarter. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
So, the cumulative inflation would then that would be like if we look from the large 12-month 
perspective? 
Vijay Jain: 
It would be upwards of 60 odd percent. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
So, are we envisaging like further price hikes or like are we like done for now, if the situation 
remains the same? 
Vijay Jain: 
Too volatile, the initial indications of July, August says that the things are improving but too 
early to take a call either way, so it's volatile, we'll just keep a watch how quarter 2 passes by, I 
think from quarter 3 onwards, we should be a bit more confident about how this situation goes 
in which direction. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
My next question is if I look at the Pizza Hut India Ads numbers for this quarter is at 61,000 
and, you know, that's like FY19 level, so we have kind of, you know, reached those levels. But 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
if I look at the Domino's number at around 84,000, 85,000. So, we are a good 30% away from 
reaching that. So, I'm sure we plan to aspire to reach those levels or even surpass it. So, what 
would be the two, three key initiatives that we would be taking over than near to medium term 
to improve this number? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, I think one is so plugging this gap in our product price portfolio. This is a large, this forms 
a large portion of the overall pizza market, pizza under INR 100 and that has been one of our 
lacunae. Now it was important for us to when we launch something here, to do it in a manner 
that is quite Pizza Hut then therefore from a product perspective also, we are known for 
superior product so, it has to deliver that kind of Pizza Hut product superiority. 
So, I think this one is, this launch is one important factor in us improving ADS. I think apart 
from that, as we continue to get our execution right, improve our accessibility on the brand so 
our product innovation at the top end so, both the San Francisco dough as well as Momo Mia 
Pizza, all of them have done well. We've done a couple of pasta launches.  
So, I think the story on Pizza Hut continues to be strengthen the areas where we win, which is 
product and innovation and our dine-in omni channel experience on value, on our regular range 
we have, we are now competitive versus the principal competitor. And we have plugged one 
big gap in the portfolio. And on delivery, we continue to hold and improve and improve 
accessibility. So, this is continuing to execute what we have called out on the brand, Kapil. 
Vijay Jain: 
And sir, just to add to that Kapil, while you're seeing bridging gap versus the number 1 
competitor, I don't think we're in that particular race, because again the model allows us, our 
omni channel allows us to deliver a higher profitability at lower ADS as well. So, we've been -- 
I've been talking about our new compact omni channel model which we have been opening 
since April 18, which is already now moving from mid-teens to high teens. And in this model if 
the ADS goes to a 70,000 as well, we can deliver a 20% kind of a profitability. So that's the 
power of that model. I'm not saying that we can deliver 70,000 tomorrow, but we don't have to 
reach the level of 80,000 odd to deliver that kind of profitability. This is because of our dine-in 
mix, which gives us higher profitability. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
And I'm sure like you would be spending a lot on AMP also, to improve this number like going 
forward, like just a ballpark number, just like a bookkeeping number, what the AMP spend 
would be for us this quarter, as percentage of sales? 
Vijay Jain: 
6% of our revenue is towards marketing. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
And this is like significantly higher than the 4% earlier, right? 
Vijay Jain: 
It was always percent 6%, so, 5% goes to National Kitty which Devyani would spend 
nationally on the brand and one person happens to local sales marketing.  
Kapil Jagasia: 
So, we are kind of looking to settle at the number, 6% can be like,..? 
Vijay Jain: 
It was always 6% and we are happy with that particular percentage, it's not either going down 
or going up at this level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishnan Sambamoorthy from Motilal Oswal Institutional 
Equities. 
Krishnan: 
Are you surprised by the resilience of the takeaway channel particularly for Pizza Hut, 
sustaining at 16% despite the recovery that's happening on dine-in? And what do you expect 
this proportion to be, going forward? 
Vijay Jain: 
So again, while mix are good to look at, we don't really predict mix because what happens if 
there is a one channel performing far superior to the channel, the mix can go up and down. 
What we look at is at what levels we are compared to the previous quarters or the previous 
years and takeaway at 110% I think we're comfortable at this level and from here as the overall 
business grows with our flavor fun addition, I think the growth should come across all the three 
channels and not just one channel versus the other, but difficult to comment on our mix. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, I think we have to look at absolute ADS here, Krishnan and 110% we have recovered 
perhaps slightly above FY20. That's the way to look at it. 
Krishnan: 
My question was more from the perspective that I would have thought that once dine-in comes 
back, COVID restrictions ease, there was an expectation at takeaway as the channel may 
decline and it has still sustained at higher levels? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, I think someone else also asked this question and we have been consistently saying that 
dine-in will come back, when dine-in comes back it will overall add to the sales, we don't 
expect either takeaway or delivery which is really off premise consumption, though takeaway 
someone is coming to our premises and ordering, they're still taking away and consuming it at 
home, and that component of our business continues to hold. So, it's just contributions here are 
less meaningful than how we have recovered from an absolute basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of the Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I wanted to check with this. plugging of a key gap 
through flavor fun in Pizza Hut. Are we also revisiting our 7%, 8% SSSG guidance that we 
have provided for this brand? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
No, we are not revising our guidance at this moment. Let it play out Devanshu, and then we 
will see. But we are very excited about this launch. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And a successful traction here can actually bump up our SSSG, is this a right way to look at it? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes, potentially, yes. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And you indicated that Q2 typically for KFC sees a decline in ADS due to festive season. And 
can you sort of ballpark quantify what is the level of decline in Q2 ADS versus Q1 ADS? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, first of all, I just want to explain this, this happens because our KFC is largely North and 
West. So, we've got Tamil Nadu also. When you look at us, we are perhaps impacted slightly 
more, we recover also equally fast as soon as for example right now Shravan ends in North 
today, from tomorrow onwards, people will do revenge KFC eating. But for the short term, 
there is this norm that we see. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Can you quantify this ballpark based on historical trends? 
Vijay Jain: 
So again, we don't want to get into a specific quarterly numbers, what I can tell you is again at 
a restaurant EBITDA level, typically quarter 2, we see 100, 250 basis points kind of a drop at a 
KFC level, due to seasonality factor. Again, depends upon where the Navratri are, and which 
quarter it is falling, sometime it falls in quarter 2 versus quarter 3, partially it falls in quarter 2 
versus quarter 3 and the same recovery happens in quarter 3. 
So internally, the way we look at is quarter 2, quarter 3 combined, that quarter 2, quarter 3 
combined gives us the annual average for us. Again, this year, the Navratri's starts from last 
week of September. So again, we'll have that last week of September Navratri impact. So, 
difficult to predict quarter on quarter but that's the range we see an impact at a restaurant 
EBITDA margins level. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And we took a certain impairment charge for Sri Lanka operations in this quarter, 
though it was a non-cash charge, but just wanted to check, do you also foresee any such 
impairment for Sri Lanka operations? 
Vijay Jain: 
So again, at least not at this point in time, because we continue to deliver our Lanka numbers in 
LKR terms so the business continues to grow over there, even in the current quarter, the LKR 
terms we have actually grown our profitability. And again, for the full year if you're able to 
deliver the same number as last year or marginally grow our EBITDA in absolute terms, I don't 
think it will require to take an impairment charge. But again, the situation needs to be 
monitored quarter on quarter. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sue. And lastly, what is the CapEx inflation that you're seeing, both for India and Sri Lanka 
operations? 
Vijay Jain: 
Sorry, come again? 
Devanshu Bansal: 
What is the CapEx inflation that you're seeing, both for India and Sri Lanka businesses? 
Vijay Jain: 
So, for India business we’ve seen inflation in the range of anywhere 7% to 8% on both the 
brands, Sri Lanka this is in the range of 15% to 20% CapEx inflation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Spark Capital. 
Tejas Shah: 
Couple of questions from my side. First, on ADS recovery, it has been heartening in both the 
brand, but inflation has also decent role to play in ADS numbers for the industry at large also. 
So, just wanted to know in terms of volume, where are we tracking versus pre-COVID number, 
build transaction if you tracked. I'm sure you must be tracking it if you're comfortable, giving 
any qualitative comment also on that? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, I don't know the immediate numbers from an ADT perspective but I can explain to you 
ADT versus quarter 1 of last year, ADT and ADS are in the same trajectory. 
Vijay Jain: 
In fact, our ADT has grown faster than our ADS. So, both the brands in India we have grown 
transactions higher than the SSSG growth, 
Sanjay Purohit: 
As compared to last year. 
Vijay Jain: 
So that's heartening for us. 
Tejas Shah: 
Any indication versus pre-COVID 1Q FY20? 
Vijay Jain: 
From a transaction point of view, see if the recovery in case of KFC is just about 100% and we 
have taken a price increase so in terms of transaction, we would be trending below pre-COVID 
levels. Same thing would be for Pizza Hut because we have taken a 5% price increase even in 
case of Pizza Hut as well. 
Tejas Shah: 
Second question is, you spoke about how we have actually filled the gap in our portfolio. Just 
wanted to understand when you go about menu innovation, it's always difficult to manage the 
conflicting objective of managing gross margin at that particular offering level and also 
obviously filling the gap in whitespace in the portfolio. So how do you go about it? Is it that 
each product, each launch matches certain gross margin thresholds or you play it at a very 
portfolio level and perhaps not at gross level but at EBITDA level it kind of compensates the 
margins? 
Vijay Jain: 
So again, it's a combination of both. So, each launch you have to individually measure the 
gross margin for each launch as well and then you have to predict what kind of mix it would 
turn out and that's why we do pilots in various states, before we actually do a national launch. 
So that's at the individual level. 
But again, at the overall level, not just the new product launches, if you see the event inflation 
has impacted us in quarter 1. The idea is to keep our eye on ADS and the throughput with the 
dine-in recovery happening, it has added to the overall revenue of a particular store which gives 
us a huge operating leverage in terms of the cost management, it allows us to deliver an 
expanded restaurant EBITDA margin in spite of drop in gross margins. 
So, this particular category which we have launched, flavor fun, we don't expect a material 
impact on our gross margin level. It would definitely have some marginal impact, but not a 
material impact. Whatever impact it will have, we expect it to get more than compensated by 
the throughput it will add to the store and thereby give us actually an expansion in the 
restaurant EBITDA margin. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Tejas Shah: 
Sure. And Vijay, you made an interesting comment that the new format allows us to play this 
portfolio game, does it mean that some of those offerings are more profitable in delivery versus 
dine-in? And hence now with the very omni value proposition that we have, we can experiment 
much with mastering the offerings? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
No, that's not what Vijay meant. What Vijay said was because of our strong dine-in 
contribution in an omni channel format, versus if you're dependent purely on deliveries or 
largely on delivery omni channel restaurant at slightly lower levels of ADS also potentially can 
deliver similar profitability at a restaurant level to the market leader. I think that's the point that 
Vijay was making. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the last question from the line of Amnish Agarwal from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
I have a question mainly on your new launch, which is the flavor fun pizza. So, the question I 
have is that how is our product or what is the difference between our product viz-a-vis the 
Pizza Mania which a Domino's is selling from past so many years, that is one? The second part 
is in terms of quality, like Pizza Mania usually it's said that it is not having mozzarella cheese, 
but cheese sauce. So, is our product different from that? And the third is what percentage of the 
total pizza market is in the less than INR 100 or you can say these kinds of products? So, this is 
my question. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, I don't know about the competitor's product. I'll just tell you what flavor fun is all about. 
And so, we didn't look at competition specifically and try to match their product, nothing. What 
we did was if we had to have a pizza under INR 100, what is the kind of offering that a 
consumer would love from Pizza Hut. And therefore, we've got five different sauces, we've got 
a cheesy dressing, so you're right, it's not mozzarella cheese, it's a cheesy dressing. And we've 
got 12 different pizzas with different toppings. 
So, I think, I mean, if you have the product like I said, you will understand as to -- so each 
pizza also has two toppings at a bare minimum. So, this is the product that we have launched. 
Roughly, I would think that -- so don't hold me to these numbers, Amnish, because we are 
looking at unorganized sector also in many of the markets that we operate. There is an 
unorganized pizza market also, I would think in a value perspective, value sense, this would be 
anywhere between 20% and 25% and 35% of the market. So, I'm talking of -- and like I said, 
there are markets where there are small local players even there, there is an opportunity for 
Pizza Hut to play. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
And I'm inviting you again, Amnish, to go and try out the product. It's sensational. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Can you give some idea on Sri Lanka, given the macro disruption, how many stores are we 
planning to add this year on a net basis? 
Vijay Jain: 
So, again, we are not giving Percy annual guidance. We said when we have 550 restaurants 
across the three verticals, we said we'll double it over three to four years. We are holding on to 
that guidance. So, this year we don't have a specific number but hopefully double-digit number 
even this year. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
And for KFC and Pizza Hut, you're not giving annual guidance for the India addition? 
Vijay Jain: 
No, none of the business. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
None of the businesses we give an annual guidance. 
Vijay Jain: 
So, again, three to four years will double the count and I think we're on track for that. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
And I just wanted to ask your store openings this quarter, they should not be treated as run rate 
for the annual number, right? 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Vijay Jain: 
No, Percy, you're asking the same question three different ways, but I'm not giving you annual 
number, 550 restaurants as of 31st December, across the three verticals will double it over three 
to four years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srinivas Iyer from Rock Fort Consultancy. 
Srinivas Iyer: 
Congratulations for excellent numbers. My question you have already to Percy Panthaki, but 
again I'll ask you. In Q3 last year we opened 68 stores. And why have we slowed down and we 
opened only 37 in this quarter? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, Srinivas, we said this that it's not a quarter-by-quarter number that we are putting out there. 
We are saying that 550 restaurants at the end of December, we will double that in three to four 
years' time. I think we have spoken enough now about quarter-to-quarter performance, the 68 
to 37 again is comparison that is really not what I want -- what we want to get into. We're still 
holding on exactly what Vijay talked about. And I think you can make your inferences from 
that is my submission. 
Vijay Jain: 
Again, just to add to that, Srinivasan, you cannot really deliver exact number of numbers divide 
by four in each quarters, so you will have a quarter which will have a lower number a quarter 
which will have higher number. Largely we should be able to hold on to the number annually 
and over a three, four-year period. 
Srinivas Iyer: 
Understood. Second question, compared to other QSR store, QSR company we are at a 
significant discount. What is your plan to address this issue? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, that you have to -- you are the person who'll tell us why we are at a discount. All that we 
can do is stay focused on our business. We will -- we are focused on our business. I've said this 
earlier also, I don't look at the share price from a day-to-day basis. I think people will 
understand our story and the way that we execute. So, that's it, Srinivas, I'm saying, once you 
put out a buy order on the stock perhaps it will, I'm just joking, Srinivas. But I think we are just 
focused on the business and to do well here, that's it, that's only thing that we can do. 
So, I'm just saying from an interest of time perspective, perhaps we will try and close this 
conference call. Anyone wishing to understand more, you know our channels, Rahul is our 
Head of Investor Relations and he will help any of you all understand any specific things. 
Again, I want to reiterate we've had a really strong quarter in Sri Lanka, while we've grown 
well, from a Lankan rupee prospective, translated into Indian currency. 
We have dropped, we believe that we should be able to hold on to this absolute level as we 
move forward. But both KFC and Pizza Hut have had a very strong quarter. And overall, from 
our sales, from a revenue, from a restaurant EBITDA perspective, from the outlook on the 
brands, we are very, very positive and confident about the future going ahead. So, thank you all 
for joining in on the call. I appreciate your patience and your efforts in understanding our 
business. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Sapphire Foods India Limited, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
