August 17, 2022 
To, 
BSELimited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Security code: 503100 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
t.  THE PHOENIX
'Y' MILLS LIMITED
Corp. Office : Shree Laxmi Woolen Mills Estate, 2nd Floor, 
R.R. Hosiery, Off Dr. E. Moses Rd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011 
Tel : (022) 3001 6600 Fax : (022) 3001 6601 
GIN No.: L 17100MH1905PLC000200 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra _East, 
Mumbai- 400051 
Symbol: PHOENIXL TD
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
This is further to our letter dated August 12, 2022, wherein we had informed the exchange 
about the conclusion of our Earnings Conference Call held on that date with Analysts / 
Institutional Investors on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, please find attached herewith the 
Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call. 
The enclosed Transcript is also available on the Company's website and can be accessed 
at https://www.thephoenixmiJls.com/investors 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Ga5: 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As enclosed 
Regd. Office: The Phoenix Mills Ltd., 462 Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. •Tel: (022) 2496 4307 / 8 / 9 •Fax: (022) 2493 8388 
E-mail : info@thephoenixmills.com • www.thephoenixmills.com

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 1 of 32 
The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Q1 FY23 Results Conference Call 
August 12, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
 
Good day, ladies, and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1FY23 
Results Conference Call of the Phoenix Mills Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. The Management of the Company is 
being represented by Mr. Shishir Shrivastava – Managing 
Director, Mr. Anuraag Srivastava – Group Chief Financial Officer 
and Mr. Varun Parwal – Deputy Chief Financial Officer. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I 
would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Shishir Shrivastava. 
Thank you and over to you sir.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Thank you. A very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We 
welcome you to discuss the operating and financial performance 
of the first quarter of FY23. Q1FY23 has historically been the best 
first quarter we've had across our retail and hospitality 
operations; 2 sectors that were hit hard by the pandemic. I hope 
you've had a chance to look at the results presentation shared by 
us. It is uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as on our 
website. I will now take you through the key highlights of the 
results and will refer to relevant slides of the results presentation 
from time to time.  
 
 
We will start with the performance of our retail portfolio; please 
refer Slide 3 onwards of the results presentation. Consumption in 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 2 of 32 
Q1FY23 was at Rs. 21,905 million. This is a 23% growth over 
Q1FY20 consumption. If we exclude the contribution by Phoenix 
Palassio, Lucknow, we have seen 11% like to like growth 
compared to Q1FY20. Q1FY23 saw the highest quarterly 
consumption at our malls in the first quarter of any financial 
year; and please note that this was achieved despite the end of 
season sales being delayed to the month of July this 
year. Consumption was robust across categories. Some of the top 
performing categories were Jewelry, which was up 115% from 
Q1FY20, Multiplex which was up 73% from Q1FY20 and 
Electronics which was up 33% from Q1FY20.  
 
 
If I may draw your attention to slides 4-6, we have seen the retail 
consumption momentum continue in the months of July and 
August till date. For the month of July 2022, we recorded 
consumption of Rs. 7,920 million, up 33% compared to July 
2019. July benefits from the delayed start of the end of season 
sale as well as revival of promotional activities and events across 
our malls. You may see images on slides 5 and 6 of performances 
by prominent artists, which remain a big crowd puller across our 
centers. Incidentally, July 2022 consumption is the highest ever 
consumption recorded, in our history and it surpasses the 
previous high witnessed in December 2019.  
 
 
If I may draw your attention to slide 7, we have achieved 
consumption of almost Rs.30,000 million in YTDJul-22 (Apr22-
Jul22), up 26% compared to the same period pre COVID. If we 
annualize the YTD performance, I will estimate that we can target 
an annual consumption of at least Rs. 90,000 million. We believe 
that we could surpass this figure of Rs. 90,000 million on account 
of multiple reasons such as i) new trading area becoming 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 3 of 32 
operational across existing malls, ii) sustained consumption 
growth, and iii) new malls opening in the second half of this 
financial year; this is of course subject to there being no 
disruption in business operations.  
 
 
If you turn to Slide 8, you will notice the retail expansion that we 
have outlined at our flagship retail property, Phoenix Palladium, 
Mumbai. The GLA in Phoenix Palladium was at about 0.77 million 
square feet in FY22. We have now activated further 150,000 
square feet of new area across the lower ground floor, first and 
second floor of Phoenix Palladium along with additional new 
areas in the zones of Courtyard and the East Zone of Phoenix 
Palladium in this quarter. In addition, we will add another 250,000 
square feet of anchor space opposite to PVR in 2024 and another 
200,000 square feet or more in Project Rise, which will become 
operational in 2025. Once the entire expansion program is 
completed in 2025, Phoenix Palladium will be approximately a 
1.43 million square foot GLA Mall, the largest in our portfolio.  
 
 
If I may draw your attention to Slides 9 through 11 for a quick 
glimpse of the new store openings at Phoenix Palladium between 
July and August, across categories of fashion, F&B and 
entertainment. In line with our consumption, our rental and 
EBITDA growth has also come strong. In Q1FY23, rental income 
was approximately Rs. 3,224 million up 24% compared to 
Q1FY20. Our retail EBITDA for this quarter was about Rs. 3,248 
million, up 27% compared to Q1FY20. Our collections during 
Q1FY23 stood at about Rs. 5,253 million and going ahead, one can 
expect quarterly run rate of at least Rs. 5,000 million here 
onwards. For a perspective, our FY22 retail collections were Rs. 
11,740 million.  

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
 
If I draw your attention to Slide 25, in today's inflationary 
environment, our retail and hospitality businesses which are 
consumer facing stand to benefit; higher prices of goods sold at 
the malls translates into a higher consumption which translates 
into higher rental income for us by way of the incremental 
revenue share. At a broad level there was an incremental rental 
contribution on account of revenue shares beyond the minimum 
guarantee rent of approximately 13%.  
 
 
If I may draw attention to slide 25, Bangalore has shown 
incremental rent on account of revenue share of about 18%, 
Phoenix Market City, Pune at approximately 16% and Phoenix 
Market City, Mumbai at approximately 15%. Again, for a 
comparison pre-COVID the revenue share contribution would 
vary in the range of about 10% to 12%.  
 
 
Moving on to our under-construction malls, and if I may draw 
attention to Slide 12, Phoenix Citadel, Indore with a gross leasable 
area of approximately 1 million square feet has achieved 83% 
leasing occupancy;  Phoenix Palladium Ahmedabad, with the GLA 
of approximately 770,000 square feet has achieved 98% leasing 
occupancy. We expect to commence operations for both of these 
malls in the second half of this year and we are working at a 
furious pace to deliver the project. Phoenix Mall of the 
Millennium at Pune, with  a GLA of about 1.1 million square feet 
has achieved 73% leasing occupancy. Phoenix Mall of Asia, 
Bangalore with a GLA of approximately 1.2 million square feet has 
achieved 76% leasing occupancy. We expect to commence 
operations for Phoenix Mall of Millennium, Pune and Phoenix 
Mall of Asia, Bangalore in the first half of FY24. At our flagship 
property at Lower Parel, Mumbai we have commenced the shore 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 5 of 32 
piling work for Project Rise in June 2022. For our upcoming mall 
led development at Kolkata, we received the approvals of building 
plans in April 2022 and expect to commence construction in the 
coming months.  
 
 
Additionally, with the expansion we have also commenced work 
on our offices at Phoenix Asia Towers at Hebbal, Bangalore and 
we are commencing work at the Millennium Towers which form 
part of the mixed-use development at Wakad, Pune. Once our 
under-construction malls have become operational, Phoenix will 
have an operational retail portfolio of approximately 13 million 
square feet. We continue to evaluate the growing consumption 
strength and patterns across key Indian cities and specific micro 
markets and continue to explore newer opportunities for us to 
benefit from this potential. The potential to tap the discretionary 
spending of urban India is huge, in our view and as owners and 
operators of one of the largest retail portfolio in India, we are 
committed to provide the urban Indian consumer the opportunity 
to experience the best of retail brands, entertainment and 
superlative F&B options from across the world. I will now request 
Anuraag to take you through the office, hotels and residential 
section and overall financial results. Thank you.  
Anuraag Srivastava:  Thank you, Shishir. I would now take you through the commercial 
portfolio. If you can refer to slide 27, during this quarter we saw 
gross leasing of 1.9 lac square feet, of which 1.3 lac square feet is 
the new leasing and 0.6 square feet is the renewals. Total office 
income stood at about Rs. 403 million, which is up 10% year on 
year and total EBITDA stood at Rs. 235 million. Our collections 
from this business in this quarter were Rs. 464 million which 
represents a collection efficiency of about 95%.  

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
 
For updates on hotels please refer slide 30 to 33. I would first 
cover the St. Regis, Mumbai; however, across both our hotels, the 
business has shown a strong improvement on back of higher 
occupancy  and ARR on account of social events, corporate events 
and pick up of food and beverage segments. Both our hotels, saw 
occupancy and ARR which were higher than pre COVID 
period. Now coming specifically to each property; at the St. Regis, 
Mumbai, our total income stood at Rs. 830 million, which is about 
19% up over Q1FY20. Occupancy at about 85% which is up by 
three percentage points from Q1FY20. ARR was Rs. 11,997, again 
up 10%. Operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 318 million, which is a 26% 
growth from Q1FY20. The hotel maintained a strong revenue 
performance in July as well as with room occupancies at 81% and 
ARR at around Rs. 10,800. July 2022 revenue is approximately 
15% ahead of July 2019. Operating performance at The St. Regis, 
Mumbai has surpassed most parameters in the past couple of 
months led by the resumption of foreign travel, domestic 
corporate travel, social events, and staycations. These factors 
provide an excellent visibility of higher occupancy and ARR in the 
coming months.  
 
 
Additionally, we expect the venues on the 37th and 38th floor to 
start generating revenue from the coming month, which will 
further boost our revenue. On the Courtyard Marriott, Agra 
property the total income was Rs. 40 million, up 7% from Q1FY20. 
The occupancy for Q1FY23 stood at 62%, and ARR stood at Rs. 
3,733, which is up 11% from Q1FY20. For the month of July, the 
occupancy was 72%, and ARR was at Rs. 3,673.  
 
 
Moving on to residential business, which is covered from Slide 35 
onwards; we have witnessed very good traction in residential 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 7 of 32 
sales as well; mainly led by reconfiguration of our Kessaku 
property into smaller units and robust demand of ready to move 
in inventory. We achieved overall sales of Rs. 704 million in this 
quarter, out of which Rs. 408 million worth sales are pending 
registration. Collections were quite robust at Rs. 536 million.  
 
 
This was the business update and now I would like to move 
towards the financial results which are there in slides 37 to 39. 
Some of the key highlights are - Income from operations in 
Q1FY23 was about Rs. 5,744 million, up 181% year on year; last 
year was the COVID impacted quarter. EBITDA of Q1FY23 was Rs. 
3,229 million, this is up 10% compared to Q1FY20.  
 
 
On Slide 39 we have represented how the consolidated EBITDA 
looks on a like to like basis after making certain adjustments in 
both periods which we thought were the true representation. We 
have removed contribution of Classic Mall which we acquired in 
the last quarter and is now a subsidiary of ours. Further, we have 
removed EBITDA contribution from Phoenix Palassio in 
Q1FY23. We have adjusted EBITDA contribution from residential 
business from Q1FY20 which saw the revenue recognition of 
tower 6 in Q1FY20. After making the above adjustments, the 
consolidated EBITDA shows growth of 21% on a like to like 
basis. We have reported Q1FY23 PAT of Rs. 7,187 million. PAT is 
positively impacted owing to exceptional items of Rs. 5,568 
million. PML completed the acquisition of balance 50% stake held 
in Classic mall during Q1FY23. Pursuant to this acquisition, re-
measurement of previously held stake of (50%) in then Associate- 
Classic Mall at fair value was required as per the IND AS 103 
leading to a positive impact on PAT. If we adjust the reported PAT 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 8 of 32 
on the above exceptional item, we are looking at 18% growth on 
the adjusted Q1FY23 PAT over Q1FY20.  
 
 
Moving on to debt, liquidity and funding - slide 40 to 42 are the 
reference slides. Our consolidated gross debt stood at Rs. 41,865 
million as on 30th June 2022 compared to Rs. 43,795 million at 
the end of Q4FY22. There has been a reduction in debt of about 
Rs. 1,930 million. On the operational portfolio, there has been a 
decline in debt due to gradual repayments as well as few planned 
repayments that we have done during the quarter. On the under-
construction portfolio, sequential increase of debt is on account 
of spending for our under-construction mall at Ahmedabad, 
Indore and Bangalore. Average cost of borrowing is up 15 bps at 
7.45% from 7.30% in March 22. Currently, our lowest cost of 
borrowing stands at about 6.95%. As the overall interest rates in 
the economy start to rise, our effort will be to minimize the 
impact of this on our cost of borrowing. Despite RBI increasing 
rates of 140 bps since May 22, our borrowing costs have gone up 
only by 15 bps so far. Although the cost of debt is likely to move 
up in coming months as the banks pass the rate hikes and we hit 
our refinancing windows. We have potentially another 30% of 
debt portfolio which we can aim for refinancing during FY23 
towards Q3FY23 and Q4FY23, which could yield us interest rate 
benefits of 30 bps at a portfolio level as compared to the rate 
increase as the repo rate increases.  
 
 
Our liquidity position as on 30th June 2022 was almost around Rs. 
21,772 million, this excludes Rs. 8,070 million in unutilized OD 
accounts, which we can draw at any point of time. At a group level 
our Net Debt is Rs. 20,094 million and PML’s share of Net Debt is 
about Rs. 16,899 million. I wanted to take you through the cash 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 9 of 32 
flow as well;  gross collection from the business was at Rs. 7,164 
million in Q1FY23. Retail business saw collections of Rs. 5,253 
million; commercial business at Rs. 464 million; residential at Rs. 
536 million and hotels contributed to about Rs. 911 million. On 
30th June 2022, we received the balance commitment of about Rs. 
4 billion or Rs. 4,000 million from GIC. As a result, we now hold 
67.1% in Phoenix Market City, Pune, Mumbai and the commercial 
assets forming part of Phoenix Market City, Mumbai.  
 
 
Our capex on under construction retail and office projects was Rs. 
2,739 million in Q1FY23. We have 4 malls under construction at 
present and pace of spending will pick up going ahead as they 
enter the final stage of completion. Further, we have started 
construction for Project Rise during the quarter. Our cash flow 
from operating activities was at Rs. 3,417 million adjusting for 
interest paid of Rs. 875 million, our operating free cash flow for 
this quarter was Rs. 2,543 million. It is pertinent to note that our 
operational free cash for full year FY22 was Rs. 5,011 million. This 
number was Rs. 6,000 million pre COVID.  
 
 
The start of the year has been very strong, with Q1 itself, 
accounting for around 42% of our FY20 operational free cash 
flow. We are bullish on our business prospects and with a strong 
balance sheet position or focus is now to deliver on our under-
construction projects in time and judiciously deploy our capital to 
expand our portfolio. With this, we close our opening remarks 
and we open the call for interactive question and answer 
session. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Puneet Gulati 
from HSBC. Please go ahead.  

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 10 of 32 
Puneet Gulati:  
 My first question is on the breakup of the minimum guarantee 
and the revenue share rentals that you have given. Can you shed 
some more color on what has driven this breakup? Does it have 
something to do with lower minimum guarantee as well this time 
versus last year? Or is minimum guarantee versus FY20 also a 
significant jump?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Would you like to refer to slide 25?  
Puneet Gulati:  
Yes.  
Shishir Shrivastava: So, if you really look at the incremental here, the consumption 
itself is significantly higher, so the rupee value contributed per 
square foot on account of revenue share has certainly gone up. If 
you look at the last column on the extreme right, it will show you 
the areas up for renewal in FY23, which indicates which of these 
contracts are towards the end of life or end of tenure, where 
there is an opportunity to increase minimum guarantee. What 
this means is that the delta between minimum guarantee and the 
actual rent received is quite high. So, if you look at Bangalore, 
which has demonstrated 18% additional contribution of revenue 
share, not many contracts are towards the end of tenure, so the 
delta between MG and revenue share is purely on account of 
consumption and not because the MG is too low. Similarly, if you 
scroll down to Chennai, you will notice that the revenue share has 
moved up from 3% to 8%, but here, the MG continues to be high 
in terms of the revenue share thresholds.  
Puneet Gulati:  
So maybe I didn't frame the question properly. My intent was to 
ask how high is MG in Q1FY23 over MG in Q1FY20 on a portfolio 
basis or on a mall by mall? Basically, whatever you prefer.  

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 11 of 32 
Shishir Shrivastava: Q1FY20 versus Q1FY23, I think the MG is not significantly higher 
and across malls it may be between 8% to 15% on the highest 
side.  
Puneet Gulati:  
And the rentals, if I look at for Bangalore and Pune, seem to have 
been extremely strong. Is that the run rate one can assume, or 
can it be influenced by different sales momentum as well?  
Shishir Shrivastava: With the growth in consumption, we are estimating the rental 
including the revenue share which used to track between 10%-
11% or closer to 12% in some cases, moving up to the 13%-14% 
range. So stronger consumption is adding to a stronger rental 
income. If we estimate consumption growth to continue to 
demonstrate going forward on a stabilized basis, a 12%-15% kind 
of early to mid-teens growth then that will contribute the 
additional 14% of such growth as well to the rental income.  
Puneet Gulati:  
Understood and is the metro work, which was impacting the 
Bangalore consumption earlier, has that been completed or is it 
still going on, the performance despite.  
Shishir Shrivastava: So, the civil work for the metro and the heavy work which was 
blocking the traffic in front of our mall has been completed. Thus, 
a good part of that stretch coming all the way up to our mall has 
now become freed up from all the road blockages, and that has 
certainly improved the arrival experience and the time taken by 
visitors to reach our mall.  
Puneet Gulati:  
And any comment on Chennai that still seems to be weaker than 
the others.  
Shishir Shrivastava: Yes, but I think it has given us a good indication going forward, of 
how it is going to look, with about 8% growth compared to 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 12 of 32 
Q1FY20.  We have done a couple of things; one is that, we've 
reactivated all our high impact events and that is clearly adding a 
lot to our consumption over there and that trend will only 
continue as we continue to promote an actively market have 
these high impact events; we had comedy shows there, we have 
had music performances at Chennai which have all brought back 
the consumption to the mall.  Additionally, we've also been 
looking at revamping the entire brand mix at Chennai, specifically 
Palladium, and that has also yielded some very positive results in 
the month of July and August for us.  
Puneet Gulati:  
That's helpful. Thank you so much. Two questions for Anuraag, 
one is what is the re-measured value now of Classic Mall as per 
your books.  
Varun Parwal:   
Puneet, that number would be about Rs. 1,900 crores equity.  
Puneet Gulati:  
And on the debt side how do you expect your borrowing cost to 
change, is your borrowing cost linked to repo /MCLR and how 
frequently does it get reset? 
Anuraag Srivastava: So it is a mixture of various loans and various benchmarks. Just 
for reference, I think so because there is a lag between when the 
RBI increases the rate and when we see an increase in our 
portfolio, I think as we go along, if you see RBI has increased the 
rates by 140 bps or so, our overall portfolio as at March end would 
show an increase of about 110-115 bps, as the rate changes, keep 
on coming. The reason for that is we still have about 30% of our 
portfolio which we are renegotiating or refinancing with the 
banks. So that will give us some advantage of about 30 bps over 
whatever is the rate increase which gets translated into MCLR 
or repo rates etc.  

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 13 of 32 
Puneet Gulati:  
Did I get it right? We should be expecting 110 basis point increase 
in your borrowing costs as of March 23? 
Anuraag Srivastava:  Increase over March 22 number, vs a 140-bps rate increase by 
the RBI. 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal 
from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, my first question is on the consumption for the month of July, 
which is 133% of pre-COVID; so just if I adjust further for Lucknow 
mall, it's about 20%; so on a 3-year CAGR it's still lagging behind 
in just about 6% kind of CAGR. Just wanted to understand if you 
can give us more granularity on like-to-like basis. So, because still 
in some malls the trading occupancies are yet to reach the leased 
occupancies on like-to-like basis we have to adjust what would be 
the consumption for the month of July if we assume that the 
trading area remains the same on a like to like basis.  
Varun Parwal:  
On a like to like basis, the growth would be about 21% compared 
to June 2019. As you correctly highlighted, trading occupancy 
across the malls right now is at an average rate of about 85%. Now 
there are several areas that are under fit out and most pertinently 
if you were to visit says Phoenix Palladium, Mumbai, you would 
see a lot of new areas that opened up in August, including on the 
second and third floor of East zone, wherein we launched 8 new 
F&B venues as well as Time Zone. Now those are substantial areas 
that have become rent generating from the month of August 
itself, so you will see the positive impact on both 
consumption and vendor income flowing through from these new 
areas during the coming quarter.  

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 14 of 32 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
It's specific to Kurla mall, Chennai mall and Pune mall occupancy 
continues to remain low versus the leased occupancy. So, when 
do we expect these going back to the leased occupancies by what 
time frame we see them reaching their leased occupancies?  
Varun Parwal:  
I would say in Kurla there are large areas that are under fit out on 
the lower ground floor. We have Reliance doing a major fit out as 
well as a brand from Japan known as Daiso which is undertaking 
large fit outs. From that perspective, I would assume that around 
Diwali time is when those areas would become operational. What 
was the 2nd mall that you had asked a question on? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Chennai mall and Pune mall 
Varun Parwal:  
So, Chennai, like Shishir also highlighted in the previous response, 
we are undertaking a brand mix change, upgrades to the mall and 
carrying out some category changes now. Chennai vis-a-vis the 
other Marketcity malls became operational later, it became 
operational in 2013. So the brand mix change that we carried out 
in Pune and Bangalore in 2018 is now being carried out in Chennai 
with a bit of a lag accounting for COVID etc. In fact, if you refer to 
slide 64, you can see the leased occupancy at Chennai being 98% 
and the trading occupancy being at about 95%. Despite that, I 
think that if you see the trading density on a per square foot per 
month basis, we are seeing significant growth for the brands that 
are currently trading.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The second question is on these on the upcoming office build out 
or construction of the two malls in Pune, Bangalore. So, what has 
been the Capex which is already being incurred? What will be the 
construction progress? Because you've given a timeline of FY to 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 15 of 32 
become operational of both these office spaces that we can just 
catch up on that.  
Varun Parwal:  
So, on the offices let me first start with Hebbal, Mall of Asia. There 
we have already commenced construction and majority of the 
slabs have been casted for the office. So, if you assume, say about 
12 months for interiors and fit outs then by this time next year 
those assets would be ready for pre-leasing activities.  For Pune 
and for Whitefield, we are in process and have obtained the 
necessary approvals; and Pune we have started and Whitefield 
we will start soon.  
Shishir Shrivastava: These offices are being built on top of the mall podium 
structure. So, for us really the construction timeline to complete 
the office floors is very limited because it's only building out the 
slabs and you don't have to go down into the sub structure for 
anything. So, we are timing our office delivery basis what we are 
anticipating as the demand in those micro markets, both Asia 
Towers in Bangalore at Hebbal and Millennium Towers at Wakad, 
Pune; we can really have them ready as Varun mentioned, for pre-
leasing within 12 months.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
OK, and what would be the Capex on these two?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Cost to complete for Asia Towers in Bangalore is about Rs. 350 
crores and for Wakad it is about Rs. 600 crores.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And how much would have been incurred till now in between the 
two.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  So we would have incurred about Rs. 35-40 crores at Asia Towers, 
Bangalore and we are just about starting work at Wakad, so 
nothing has been incurred there yet.  

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 16 of 32 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Last question on I think earlier in one of the calls we have 
highlighted the focus on top eight cities, from business 
development site. So, you had earlier, I think a couple of quarters, 
but you had spoken about Surat have closed something, so any 
update on Surat. And recently I think it lost out on Jaipur. So, 
what's the update on the balance? It is all these markets, so our 
new approaching market.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  So, we continue to be active in these markets that we had 
highlighted previously as well. Yes, in Jaipur we did step away 
from that auction,  after the price reached a point where it was 
not making financial sense. So we have been very, very prudent 
about our approach. We are not overreaching and overestimating 
the potential of these markets.  I think our final bid was a very fair 
bid, and the land transacted at a higher price and we exited 
there. But we continue to be active in the markets of 
Jaipur, Chandigarh, Hyderabad for newer opportunities among 
several others.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
What about the Surat? Any update on Surat closure? I think you 
have announced it a couple of quarters back that we have closed 
something.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  There we are still waiting for the vendor’s CP completion, but it 
looks likely to be achieved very, very shortly.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, this year Surat may happen. Besides Surat. Anything else 
you're targeting in this time will be another. One where you have 
advantages.  
Shishir Shrivastava: At this stage, it is too premature for me to give a direction on that. 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 17 of 32 
Moderator: 
 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adhidev 
Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: My question was in pre COVID in the five to six year period we 
had seen the rental growth outpacing the consumption growth 
on a like for like basis. Now in FY23, could you just help us 
understand, let's say if the consumption growth is within a 20%-
25% range on the consumption side, what is the likely rental 
growth we will see on a like for like basis? Like will it track 
consumption growth, or will it be higher or lower? And how 
does it work out that is the first question.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  In Q1FY23, we have seen about 27% growth in rental and about 
23% growth in consumption on a like to like basis. We would 
estimate that you may probably continue to see this maybe into 
one or two quarters of FY24, but before it stabilizes and tracks 
consumption.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: Yes, sure, and how much of the rental increases would also 
play a part on this, like how much the consumption growth like 
fully how much would come from the rental increases which we 
are planning considering now that we have given the schedule 
right now for next three years, so how will that play out?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Rental increase on  account of minimum guarantee increase to 
bring it to track with the revenue share percentage is going to 
mostly happen more in the next financial year, not FY23 but in 
FY24, that’s where some sizable part of areas come up in 2-3 malls 
and then the following years in some of the other malls.  As 
consumption continues to grow, our revenue share rupee value 
continues to increase because if we are tracking an average of 
about 14% contribution coming in from revenue share, I think 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 18 of 32 
that's where we will track, so I expect rental growth to be more 
on account of consumption growth translating into a higher 
revenue share. The reset of minimum guarantee will probably not 
breach that that threshold for at least two years i.e.,  a minimum 
guarantee reset will now have a significant impact only in FY24 
and then FY25.  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you, thank you the next question. Is from the line of Saurav 
Kumar from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.  
Saurav Kumar:  
Sir, there's two questions. One is if I look at the cash flow and 
thanks for the disclosure. So, the operating cash flow, as now has 
crossed the Rs. 300 crores and if you kind of see it now funds the 
capex almost fully on its own. So, the issue is essentially that you 
are also sitting on excess liquidity and seems that your cash flow 
will only grow from here. Would you use the excess liquidity will 
now pay down debt? or do you have more acquisitions in 
mind? How should you think about the use of this extra cash, 
which sits on your balance sheet. This was the first one, and the 
second is calculating the health ratio of your mall; so it seems that 
from a current quarter perspective, the rent to consumption ratio 
is about 13.5% odd; I don't know that the right metric, but 
effectively it seems to get that higher end of the range than what 
the other malls we see. So how should we think about this going 
ahead? 
Shishir Shrivastava:  I'll respond to your second question first, which is the health ratio. 
When you mention that it is on the higher end of the range, that 
range continues to move depending on the performance of these 
stores, Saurabh. While I'm not too sure which other malls you 
have tracked, but if you look at the performance of stores at our 
malls, with the consumption tracking much higher and actually 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 19 of 32 
breaching all historical levels at their stores and their fixed costs 
largely remaining the same, the ability to share a higher rent as a 
proportion to consumption is significantly higher. We have also 
been evaluating which formats, categories or brands are not 
being able to demonstrate their capability, and over a period 
that's what the churn is all about. So, when you are seeing some 
brands moving out and newer brands coming in, the new brands 
coming in have the ability to share or contribute 14%-15%-16%. 
In fact, India is at the lowest end of the range compared to global 
standards where internationally you may see malls at averaging 
at about 20% or 25% rent to consumption.  
Saurav Kumar:  
The leverage point here is I'm sorry for this follow up, but 
effectively, so that rent consumption works to about 13% and 
then if you add the CAM and everything, then that ratio goes to 
that maybe 16%-17%. So, for a retailer to make money at 
these levels of fixed cost , I'm not sure if that's working out how I 
mean how this workout.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  I would highly recommend that you speak to a few of our retailers 
and see how their individual store performance and profitability 
looks at several of our locations. To our mind, these are the stores 
that are profitable and have higher profit margins because of 
higher consumption and hence they can contribute a little higher 
towards their occupancy cost. Moving to your first question, yes, 
we are seeing a sizable increase in our operational free cash flow 
and when we look at the projects that we have underway, our 
commitment to fund a good amount of construction by way of 
our equity contributions and having arrived at that understanding 
with our partners in the Canada Pension Plan, we have mapped 
out our cash flows and we believe that beyond our obligations 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 20 of 32 
there we still have the ability to acquire maybe one more mixed-
use development in the shorter term. So, beyond Surat, which is 
already under contemplation, we can at least look at another one 
in this immediate year without having to depend on any 
additional debt draw down to serve that purpose. Going forward, 
like we've mentioned, we will continue to add a million square 
feet every year, and that will largely get funded from these 
operational free cash flows.  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from 
CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Kunal Lakhan:  
Just leave your comment on the ambience mall Delhi which is up 
for auction now. It's a new market where we don't have a 
presence, would we be actively looking at this opportunity? And 
secondly, a more generic question on that is, how is the 
opportunity landscape for ready assets in metros as well as tier 
one cities and how is the competition for any such acquisition?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  So, when we look at what has made Phoenix successful in the past 
and what we are best at, is really demonstrating a huge equity 
upside when we look at a project through its development cycle 
and operations. For us to buy an asset which is going 
to  demonstrate future yields of anywhere between 7%-9%, that 
really doesn't fit in our model. Specifically, I don't have a 
comment on the ambience mall. It's a good mall, about a million 
square feet. I understand that the prices are close to about Rs. 
3,000 crores. I'm not too sure whether it fits the return profile 
that we expect out of our investment. We have in the past also 
continued to look at other malls across the country and there are 
very 
few 
that 
meet 
our 
brand 
specifications/product 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 21 of 32 
specifications. So we prefer to build from ground up or acquire 
brownfield assets like we did in Indore and Lucknow.  
Kunal Lakhan:  
My second question was a data keeping question. I didn't get the 
breakup of the collection between retail, office, hospitality, and 
residents. If you can share.  
Anuraag Srivastava:  I covered that in my notes, but just to reiterate, the retail 
collections are about Rs. 5,253 million, commercial were Rs. 464 
million, residential was Rs. 536 million and hotel collections were 
at around Rs. 911 million.  
Kunal Lakhan:  
So, the retail collections at Rs. 5,253 million, did it have any 
residual collections from earlier quarters? Or is this going to be 
sustainable, because it's higher than the rental income that we 
clock.  
Anuraag Srivastava:   So, it will be about 2 to 3% from the earlier quarter. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
2% to 3% higher than the earlier quarter you said.  
Anuraag Srivastava:   No, so I thought your question was how much is pertaining to 
previous quarter, right?  
Kunal Lakhan:  
Yes, how much was the residual collection from the previous 
quarter in this Rs. 525 crores.  
Anuraag Srivastava:  2% to 3% 
Moderator: 
  
The next question is from the line. Of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services, please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth:   
So first on the macro side, so government is trying to control the 
inflation by bringing down the consumption. Historically how that 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 22 of 32 
sort of economic strategy has worked for us in terms of 
consumption in our mall. Do you see any near-term impact on the 
consumptions because of that?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  I would like to start by saying that inflation has been our friend, 
because while we are continuing to see, let's say, interest rates go 
up and pricing moving up, we are seeing consumers spend also 
going up because of higher pricing so that contributes to our 
revenue share and that's a positive. We believe that with the 
corrective measures that are being taken on the interest rates, 
the inflation will get capped very soon. So, I don't think it's going 
to result in consumers or customers weakening or reducing their 
spend on a long-term basis. More so when we look at the location 
of all our malls, we also believe that the impact of inflation may 
not be high in the urban India for our target customers.  
Pritesh Sheth:  
And the second is on the consumption in Phoenix Market City  
Bangalore which is like 149% of pre-COVID and there have been 
consistent improvements in last few months and quarters. Firstly, 
what's the reason for that? And secondly, does that have any 
positive impact on our upcoming Mall of Asia, which is probably 
at a much better location in Whitefield than this one, so how do 
you see this increase in consumption in Bangalore.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Sorry, I have not really understood your question. Let me try and 
answer it in any case. Bangalore as a market has certainly seen a 
huge revival in terms of people returning to that city and in terms 
of revival in hiring. We've also seen a huge demand in office 
space, which indicates that people are back at work. So, I would 
say that the propensity to spend has returned to normal as 
compared to pre-COVID levels. I also believe that the access to 
our mall has certainly gotten better with the completion of the 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 23 of 32 
metro work which is driving more people into our mall as 
compared to the 4 quarters before COVID when this work had 
created some impact. Overall, also when we look at our location 
in North Bangalore, I would hesitate to say that that's a far 
superior location. Yes, it's a different market and we are capturing 
the essence of that market by the product offering that we have 
there. We have focused more on higher end; premium and luxury 
brands and we will have the first of many brands in that city 
opening their stores at our mall at the premium and luxury space 
and that is also reflective in the minimum guarantee rents that 
have been negotiated for that mall. I would say retailers and our 
confidence is extremely high on the continued high consumption 
trend that we are seeing in Bangalore for both locations.  
Pritesh Sheth:  
Right, so my question was a, obviously you partly answered that 
we are already at 160 per square feet range in our existing mall in 
Bangalore and for the upcoming mall earlier guided that the 
rentals would be at 150. So are we sort of now looking at much 
higher rentals from the balance vacancies that we have in the 
upcoming mall in Bangalore?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  I can say with a fair level of confidence that most of the 
transactions at North Bangalore are in line with the current rents 
that we have at Whitefield Road or slightly higher than that. So 
yes, we have looked at an upward revision.  
Moderator: 
  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Agrawal 
from JM Financial, please go ahead. 
Manish Agrawal: 
Firstly on the trading occupancies, across all malls we have seen 
have are gone up, barring Phoenix Kurla; any particular reason?  

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 24 of 32 
Shishir Shrivastava: If you look at Phoenix Market City, Kurla, we've created several 
new spaces for inline stores over there. If I may draw your 
attention to slide 65,  you will see that the leased occupancy is at 
93%. So while trading occupancy is at 85%, this gap of 8% is 
because those stores are under fit out or some of them have been 
upgraded and are moving to different locations. We expect most 
of these to be operational as well towards.  
Manish Agrawal: 
And trading density would simultaneously go up.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Yes, trading density, the gap that you see between trading 
density of 85% and leased occupancy of 93% that gap will reduce, 
we expect that gap to reduce during this current quarter. If you 
look at if you look at the trading density that has already moved 
up and it's in line with what was seen in Q1FY22. With the 
improvement in brand mix , reduction in the gap from 86% to 95% 
and with these stores becoming operational,  the trading density 
also in our estimate should certainly move up.  
Manish Agrawal: 
Sure, and on the very next slide, you have indicated around 30% 
to 40% of the leasable area will come for renewal across malls 
over the next three years. So any sort of expiry or churn we expect 
over the next coming years; since rentals have gone up 
significantly across malls.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Correct, so the next slide clearly shows what is the renewal in 
FY23, in FY24 and in FY25. What was your specific question?  
Manish Agrawal: 
So any sort of expiry which might actually happen in this or all the 
area which is coming up for renewal will get renewed for sure.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Ok if your question is how many of these brands are going to 
continue to extend their contract or enter a new contract versus 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 25 of 32 
how many will be exited; so I expect the churn to be in the range 
of about 6%-7%, not more than that. And we expect other brands 
to be renewed either at the same location or other locations 
within the mall.  
Manish Agrawal: 
And you have an active pipeline to replace this 6%-7% churn.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Sorry, what's the question again?  
Anuraag Srivastava:  You have an active pipeline to replace this 6%-7% churn, which 
might be helpful.  
Shishir Shrivastava: There is a host of new brands that we have concluded with for 
Phoenix Market City, Mumbai as well. If you are specifically about 
Phoenix Market City, Mumbai, yes.  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Patni from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.  
Pulkit Patni:  
 
Given what you've managed to do at Palladium by increasing your 
space so significantly, is it just because this was one of our flagship 
old malls where we had redundancies which we could do by 
exploiting the basement, etc.? Or can we expect similar things to 
happen in some of our newer models as well, because your 
expansion of floor area here has been pretty significant.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  We have the ability to expand the retail area across Phoenix 
Market City, Pune as well as Phoenix Market City, Mumbai as well 
as Phoenix Market City, Bangalore. In these three malls currently 
the design progress is underway, but we do have this ability and 
we intend to replicate this approach across all locations. So in 
Phoenix Market City, Pune there is the addition of a third floor. At 
Phoenix Market City, Bangalore, we are looking at an additional 2 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 26 of 32 
floors. Phoenix Market City, Mumbai, there are two floors that 
we are contemplating adding by moving the courtyard to another 
level above. So, I think, this is a sizable increase across all three 
locations that we will implement in the coming year.  
Pulkit Patni:  
 
OK, and can you give a sense of what add will be for each of the 
malls in terms of square feet.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Phoenix Market City, Pune we should be able to add about 50,000 
to 75,000 square feet. At Phoenix Market City, Bangalore, we 
have the ability to add about 300,000 square feet. At Phoenix 
Market City, Mumbai, we have the ability to add another 50,000 
square feet.  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkat from Tata 
AMC. Please go ahead.  
Venkat: 
 
Sir, in the recent investor Forum, you did speak about putting 
more capital to use in residential and warehousing. Could you 
kind of delve deeper into this particular plan?  Generally, till now 
our focus areas been largely retail and commercial, so any change 
in your areas of focus at a company level?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  I don't think there is a change in our area of focus as I think this 
question, I had also covered in the last quarter call and I had 
explained that during COVID it has been our realization that it 
would help to diversify our risk across more asset classes. Since 
during COVID, the hotel business and the retail business cash 
flows had come down to virtually nil, and the only cash flows that 
were coming through was from the residential sales and from the 
office business. So we are looking at diversifying and at this stage 
it's exploratory, we do not have any intent to allocate any 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 27 of 32 
significant amount of capital for warehousing. I had indicated 
approximately Rs. 170 -200 crore kind of a number allocated 
towards warehousing. This would be more as pilot projects 
before we take the decision on investing or allocating more funds 
to that vertical. Residential also, we will probably look at an 
investment of about Rs. 200 - 250 crore to exploit some 
opportunities in some very key markets where the demand 
continues to be high and the pricing is also extremely, extremely 
attractive both from an acquisition point of view and the potential 
of the market to pay a higher rate per square foot.  
Venkat: 
 
But just kind of, pushing you little further on this. I mean, we 
already have our plateful there's a lot of opportunity already 
there in commercial and retail. And we may not be a sizable 
player in either residential or warehousing. So why putting capital 
to use on that front.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  I would say for residential one has to look at it as more of an 
opportunistic asset class where the investment would be low, but 
it can give us significant jumps in our cash flows on a periodic 
basis. And warehousing, I believe that Phoenix is very, very well 
placed to exploit these opportunities and build a substantial 
portfolio, once we have completed and seeing the success of our 
pilot projects because of our relationships with the retailers 
who take up large spaces in warehousing in key Indian cities. And 
of course, our ability to deliver these projects in markets where 
we already have a presence. In terms of bandwidth, I think we do 
have the ability and the team to deliver both on residential and 
warehousing. We are not looking at taking on too much at this 
stage; warehousing is going to be more like a pilot project run 
under an independent team. Our residential team with the way 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 28 of 32 
we have progressed with our projects in Bangalore and where we 
are today, the residential team has adequate bandwidth to take 
on at least two to three more projects.  
Venkat: 
 
Understood and last question on this. Are any focus cities that 
you've identified for these segments?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  I would say for warehousing Lucknow, Kolkata, MMR of course 
and NCR continue to be of interest. But Lucknow, Kolkata and 
MMR are high in terms of our interest levels while NCR we 
continue to evaluate. In terms of residential, we have an 
exceptional team in Bangalore and so Bangalore continues to be 
a market of interest for us and we are evaluating other 
opportunities or other cities which present opportunities. On 
retail and offices, we have spent about Rs. 4,500 crore of Capex 
and we have another Rs. 4,500 crores of Capex lined up for retail, 
and office . So, against the Capex of Rs. 9,000 crores, which has 
been committed on retail and offices, we have set aside a very 
small amount of roughly Rs. 350 to 400 crores for residential and 
warehousing put together.  
Venkat: 
 
Alright, and what would be the timeframe for utilizing this Rs. 350 
-400 odd crore?  
Shishir Shrivastava: Sorry is your question timeline for utilizing? I would say over the 
next 18 to 24 months.  
Moderator: 
  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amandeep Singh 
from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead.  
Amandeep Singh:  
My question was on Phoenix Palassio, so when we see 
consumption for the mall on a month-on-month basis, it remains 
stagnant in July. But at the same time, when you look at your top 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 29 of 32 
five other large malls, the consumption on cumulative basis 
increased 20% month on month for the reasons you already 
mentioned in the opening remarks. So, can you help us 
understand what is the reason behind this, and do you name 
reset?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Please repeat your question I didn't get that.  
Amandeep Singh:  
So, my question was on Phoenix Palassio, so when you see your 
monthly consumption June versus July, so it has been stagnant in 
terms of consumption at Rs. 760 million but when you see the 
cumulative consumption for your other top five large malls on a 
month-on-month basis it has increased 20%. So, can you help us 
understand what has been the reason behind this and, do you 
think recent opening of Lulu Mall will impact the consumption for 
this?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  So, we are still assessing what impact Lulu Mall may have had on 
our consumption. I would like to mention here that Phoenix 
Palassio continues to perform in line with our expectations. We 
had estimated that for month on month we will be slowly 
creeping up to that Rs. 90 crores by the end of this financial year, 
to hit a monthly run rate of about Rs. 90 crores so we are in that  
trajectory. The other markets may have seen an increase, 
perhaps because as I mentioned, there are several reasons why 
Bangalore has done extremely well with the return of people to 
office, return of people who had stepped away during COVID; 
office demand going up has indicated that. In Mumbai as well, 
there's a high propensity to spend right now. I would not attribute 
any loss to our consumption on account of Lulu Mall because we 
continue to evaluate the impact of that, if any. And the other 
thing is we now also have the hypermarket that has opened up 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 30 of 32 
and that will certainly add to the consumption, which so far was 
not adding to the consumption.  
Amandeep Singh:  
Fair enough and just an extension to this, so will it be possible to 
help us understand what would be the average daily footfall for 
this small on weekly or weekend basis if possible?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Perhaps you can connect with Advait offline to understand that, 
because we don't actively track footfalls since that's the wrong 
parameter to measure the mall performance. But we have all the 
data and Advait will be able to share that with you separately.  
Moderator:  
 
There is a follow up question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal 
from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Just one question on the area which is coming up for renewal over 
the next three years. So, what kind of mark to market in your 
estimate is possible to be achieved.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  If I draw your attention back to slide 65 which shows what is the 
revenue share component as compared to the minimum 
guarantee. I would say that that indicates the elbow room of 
about a 15% to 20% increment on minimum guarantee.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
OK, just one last thing on the residential. This balance area which 
is there. So, when do you expect it to get launched?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  If your question is on Towers Eight and Nine, we have not yet 
decided on a launch date for these two. We are currently focused 
on completing Tower Seven, and sales are focused on the sale of 
Tower Seven and of Kessaku. For Towers Eight and Nine there's a 
dependency on the TDR policy clarification to be able to build out 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 31 of 32 
as per our development plans, so we're waiting for some clarity 
on that as well.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So between the two, the pending sales is about Rs. 1,200 crores 
between the two projects.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Sorry, pending Capex you said.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sales value of the residual inventory. It will be approximately 
about 1200 crores between the two processes excluding the 
tower eight and nine.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Excluding towers eight and nine, yes, I would say that ready 
inventory was at about Rs. 1200 crore, but we've recently had 
some price escalation as well in the month of April this year, so it 
may have moved up slightly.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, in this Rs. 200 odd crore in residential which we are looking to 
add, how much of gross development value are you looking to 
add over the next 18 months from this pipeline? And also, this will 
be an outright basis are you exploring JD and other opportunities 
in the residential area?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  You are now referring to about Rs. 200 crores of spend on 
residential. Right?  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yes, which will likely to spend in next few months.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  That would give us access for a premium site to about one site, 
which can give us about million square feet of saleable area.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I'm talking about this million square feet will have how much of 
saleable value. 

                                                                                        
 
 
Page 32 of 32 
Shishir Shrivastava:  In markets that we are looking at, we are looking at the base price 
of being at least Rs. 12,500 to 13,000. So, sales value will be about 
Rs. 1200 to 1300 crore and EBITDA margin of about 35% on that.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Right, you are also exploring the JD opportunities, or only on 
outright basis.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  No, again JD opportunities will be very, very selective only if the 
site is superlative and unmissable will we consider that.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Last thing on our existing malls and assets. Is there a potential to 
develop some residential or any residual FSI that can be utilized 
there?  
Shishir Shrivastava:  Sorry, at which location is this?  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I'm saying existing malls or existing assets and then like how we 
are adding up office.  
Shishir Shrivastava:  So, our existing malls the way they are designed is obviously to 
maximize the retail footprint across the site. They are not well 
suited for any residential development to use any residual FSI. We 
are utilizing the residual FSI in annuity assets such as offices.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for 
today. On behalf of the Phoenix Mills Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your line.  
  
 
