MTAR
email : info@mtar.in website : www.mtar.in I
CIN No : t72200TG1 999P1C032836
To,
Date: 18.08.2022
Dear SiriMadam.
Subiect: Disclosure under SEBI (Listins and Disclosu re Reo uirements Resulations. 2015-
The Manager,
BSE Limited.
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001.
(BSE Scrip Code: 543270)
The Manager,
NSE Limited,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051.
(NSE Symbol: MTARTECH)
Transcrint of Earninss call held on lOth Ausust 2022.
Unit: MTAR Technoloeies Lrtultg{l
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 201 5, Please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call conducted
on August 10,2022.
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the company i.e. www.mtar.in.
You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking you,
For MTAR Technologies Limited
fv
Shubham Sunil Bagadia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
MTAR TeChnOlOgieS Ltd. (rorrerty known as MTAR Technologies Pvt Ltd), 18, Technocrats lndustrial Estate, Balanagar,
Hyderabad - 500 037. Tetangana, tndia. office : 04044553333123078312 fax : 9140-44553322123078316, GST No':36AACCM2021N1ZL

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“MTAR Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                         
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SRINIVAS REDDY - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND PROMOTER, MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. GUNNESWARA RAO - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
                                             MS. SRILEKHA JASTHI - MANAGER STRATEGY 
AND 
OPERATIONS, 
MTAR 
TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED  
MODERATOR: 
MR. IRFAN RAEEN - ORIENT CAPITAL 
                                         

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to the MTAR 
Technologies Limited Q1 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Orient Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
                                                  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan Raeen from Orient 
Capital. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Irfan Raeen: 
Thank you, Renju. Good morning, everyone. Myself, Irfan Raeen 
from Orient Capital. We are an investor relation advisor to the 
company. I hope that all of you and your families are safe and 
healthy. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Limited, I extend a 
warm welcome to all participants on Q1 FY '23 earnings concall 
discussion. Today on the call. I am joined by Mr. Srinivas Reddy, 
sir, Managing Director and promoter; Mr. Gunneswara Rao, sir, 
Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Srilekha Jasthi, Manager Strategy 
and Operations. I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through 
our investor deck and press release that we have uploaded 
yesterday on exchanges and on the company's website. 
 
I would like to give a short disclaimer before we start the call. This 
call may contain some of the forward-looking statements which are 
completed based on our beliefs, opinions and expectations as of 
today. These statements are not guarantee of our future 
performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. With 
this, I hand over the call to Srinivas sir. Over to you, sir. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you, Irfan, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank 
you for taking the time to join us today. Today on the call. I'm 
joined by Mr. Gunneswara Rao who is Chief Financial Officer and 
Ms. Srilekha Jasthi, Senior Manager Strategy and Operations and 
Orient Capital, our Investor Relations partners. We have uploaded 
our updated yesterday, press release and results highlights on the 
stock exchange and company website. I hope everybody had an 
opportunity to go through the same. 
 
In Q1 FY '23 we have posted a revenue of INR 91 crore with an 
EBITDA of INR 25 crore. Further as mentioned earlier, we are 
right on track in terms of our revenue guidance growth for this FY 
'23 which is around 55% to 60% growth is what we're looking at 
and we'll continue to maintain by end of the year, the EBITDA 
margins of 30% plus minus 100 basis points. This is what I have 
mentioned very clearly and we are right on track with that. Further, 
let me give you a brief overview on the business outlook further. 
To begin with, we have been extremely excited, actually I would 
say the word, in terms of the Clean Energy, the way it is 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
progressing especially also with our new capabilities that we have 
established near the airport on the new plants. The operations of 
sheet metal have commenced. Exports also have commenced and 
we have achieved more than INR 8.37 crore as a starter to begin 
with and it will progress even more further. We are expecting, 
looking at our order book, we have an order book closure of about 
INR 765 crore which is very encouraging as well. And the good 
news is that we are expecting close to about INR 600 crore worth 
of orders flowing in this quarter itself. So the prospects of moving 
forward with consistent growth levels even for the future years is 
very evident right now. Further to this. If you look at the nuclear, 
we are receiving the orders for the fleet reactors. One of the orders 
is supposed to come in the last quarter is coming in this quarter. 
Further tenders have been raised and we are also looking at the 
Space division releasing further orders to us based on various 
launch programs that they have right now. And the most important 
initiatives, the company has taken in terms of the Space program is 
that we have approached, we have decided, the Board has also 
agreed upon to develop small satellite launch vehicle, and we are 
working towards that and hopefully in this quarter, we will be able 
to take this forward with and in Space to develop a launch vehicle 
which constitutes 80% of the world market. And that's a huge leap 
in terms of what MTAR has developed and MTAR has all the 
facilities to actually bring this launch vehicle which we have been 
doing most of the work for restores in the past. 
 
Further to this, the products division, it's really progressing very 
well. Our aim is to develop a very big product portfolio. We have 
been qualified for roller screws. We have completed the first article 
and now we are in the verge of converting it into a complete 100% 
import substitute whereby most of the defense and space programs 
would stop importing this product moving forward as well. 
Obviously, the electromechanical actuators, we are in advanced 
stage as well. We're executing all the initial orders by the 
department in this current financial year itself. We are moving onto 
obviously semi-cryo another major achievement that we will be 
closing out this year for the higher payload for the issue, and we 
are also looking at various other products like the ASP SMBs 
which constitute a huge revenue base for the company as a product 
for the Clean Energy segment. And we're also looking at bellows 
which will take -- will give us a lot of cost savings in terms of 
manufacturing in-house, which we were importing earlier. We're 
right on track with that as well and we are also looking at various 
other products in Clean Energy segment and also in areas of 
nuclear space and defense and certain products that we are working 
on purely based on import substitutes. 
 
So with this, I would hand over the call to our Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Gunneswara Rao to take this further. 
 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Gunneswara Rao Pusarla: 
Thank you, Mr. Srinivas Reddy. Good morning everyone and 
warm welcome to our earnings call today. I will take you through 
the financial and operational highlights post which we will open 
the floor for the question and answers. 
 
So our revenue from operations stood at INR 91 crore in Q1 FY '23 
as against INR 54 crore in Q1 FY '22 which translates to 68.4% 
increase on year-on-/year basis. And we posted an EBITDA of INR 
25 crore in this quarter FY '23 as compared to INR 14.5 crore in 
Q1 FY '22 which is 72.5% increase over year-on-year basis and the 
profit before tax also is higher which stands at INR 22.2 crore in 
Q1 FY '23 as against INR 12.6 crore in Q1 FY '22. This is 77% 
increase on year-on-year basis. And also profit after tax now at 
INR 16.2 crore in Q1 FY '23 as against INR 8.7 crore in Q1 FY '22 
which is 86.2% increase on year-on-year basis. So our diluted EPS 
also stands at 5.3 for Q1 FY '23 as against 2.8 for Q1 FY '22. 
 
So when compared to Q-o-Q basis, the revenue and gross profit is 
lower by single-digit percentage only. As Mr. Srinivas Reddy 
reiterated, we will maintain y 55% to 60% guidance revenue 
growth and EBITDA margins we will continue by year-end, by end 
of this financial year. And our order books also, we have a strong 
order book as of 30th June 2022, which is around INR 765.6 crore. 
So we have taken a lot of improvement initiatives in working 
capital reduction base and all. Our working, our operating cash 
flows also calls to INR 16.2 crore in Q1 FY '23 as against negative 
INR 6.9 crore in Q1 FY '22. Working capital days has reduced to 
249 days in Q1 FY '23 from 275 days in Q4 FY '22 due to various 
steps we have taken in the reduction of working capital. 
 
As mentioned by our MD, we are taking several initiatives to 
develop new products across the different sectors and we are 
strengthening our technical and corporate teams to cater to the high 
growth of the company, which is set to witness growth in the 
coming year. So with this, I open the floor for discussion. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Deepak Krishnan from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Just probably one maybe a bookkeeping question. What was the 
number of hot boxes and overall your marquee local boxes done in 
this quarter. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I think we have done about around 725 kind of 726 boxes in this 
quarter and I think Keeylocko we have done 10 numbers. That's 
what we have done this quarter. 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure sir and just probably from a growth guidance I think while 
we've done very well in the Clean Energy segment growth and 
revenue and as well as order book, maybe some of the other 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
segments the growth was relatively slightly softer. So if I look at 
our overall guidance of about 55% for the year, how do you kind of 
look at it between Clean Energy and other segments and what 
would be the key drivers for these other segments to pick up in the 
coming months. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So if you look at Nuclear, we are working on some long projects 
which the deliveries will happen starting from Q2 onwards, going 
right up to Q4. So the kind of like we are working on projects like 
fuel machining head and the other projects which will start 
delivering from quarter 2 onwards and obviously the Space 
program itself, we are in advanced stage of delivering the semi-
cryo engine, the first of the product in Q4, which is a major kind of 
an  achievement which we have been working for quite number of 
years and that's for the new product that they're launching. So the 
other segments are also on track in terms of the deliverables that 
we envisage and that's why we are pretty much confident about the 
55% to 60% growth on revenues that we are looking at. If you 
come to Clean Energy, it's really, we are right on track in terms of 
trying to capture the kind of demand that we are envisaging, not 
only for this year, for next year. Our expansion plans the bottleneck 
areas are being plugged in to take care of the future growth 
requirements as well 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. Just probably one other question from my end. You've 
indicated about INR 600 crore of orders in the coming quarter. 
Could you just broadly give us a range across segments. What are 
the drivers for that? 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The main driver for that is, we're expecting close to about INR 500 
crore of orders which the number which I have said is more or less 
in the pipeline for sure. These INR 500 crores are concerning with 
respect to the Yuma units for Q3 and Q4 for next year. And then 
we have the Keeylocko units coming in which is about, the Yuma 
units about INR  175crore and there has been a correction in the 
Q1, Q2 purchase orders with an upscale of about INR 14 crore, 
INR15 crore there. We're looking at about INR 190 crore. And then 
we're looking at Keeylocko at about INR 240 crore of orders being 
received and another very important thing is the product which we 
have developed called the ASP for the fueling system and that we 
are expecting in orders worth of about INR 90 crore as purely as a 
product to be delivered for them to the customer. These are the 
various areas and also for the electrolyzers they plan to give us 
about 200 numbers to begin with. So all these orders are expected 
in this quarter. That constitutes about INR 500 crore and with the 
existing order book of INR 760 crore we are looking at that number 
and the rest of the INR 100 crore is going to flow in from Nuclear, 
Defense and Space. That's the breakup of the entire INR 600 crore 
what I can see right now. 
 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. Just probably one final question from my end. Just on the 
Space program wanted to understand in terms of CAPEX 
requirement for the new initiative that you indicated and like where 
are we in terms of development because you've indicated that the 
Semicryo Engine would be delivered in Q4 itself. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The space, if you are talking about the launch vehicle-- 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Yes, launch vehicle, yes. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, so we have started our work on the design of it. We have 
submitted our proposal to in space, and also to HO, and that's 
where we are right now and the design phases has already started in 
the company. And we don't need any additional CAPEX for this. 
More or less everything MTAR has in-house. We have been 
working with the ISRO for about 35, 40 years right now. So there 
will not be any additional CAPEX requirement for this for now, at 
least for the first 3 launch vehicles. So that's the plan. So mostly in 
all probability if everything goes well we should be able to 
hopefully sign the MOU in this quarter itself. And that's something 
which is very, very exciting for all of us and but we're really 
looking forward for this because it is a very exciting challenge that 
we want to take up but not at the cost of adding too much of 
CAPEX for this since we have all the stability also. 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure. Generally, what would be the typical order size for the launch 
vehicle that MTAR would cater to. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, it's too premature to say that right now, Deepak. Where it goes 
is that once we develop, we are trying to develop the engines for 
that and once we do that, the launch vehicle itself will support 
something from the Avionics and the rest of things obviously the 
PMO office are clearly set to support the private industry in terms 
of better cost basis. So that's where we stand. So the numbers are 
yet to be rolled out but right now we are in the design stage. But it 
will be a substantial increase of revenues from the Space program 
once we are able to successfully launch or release this launch 
vehicle once it's done. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
First question is on the overall order inflow guidance. I think in the 
past call we had guided we will get somewhere about INR 800 
crore to INR 850 crore of inflows and with execution what you are 
targeting for the current year includes somewhere close to INR950 
crore, close to INR1000 crore order book at the year-end. But in 
the recent call you are now increasing the guidance because you are 
seeing in addition to INR 200 crore we're doing 1Q INR 600 crore 
is what you expect in 2Q itself. So from a full-year perspective, just 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
wanted to know where your new guidance will be from an order 
inflow perspective or will it still remain in this range for rest of the 
year. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
As of now, Sandeep, the orders that I said we are expecting about 
INR 600 crore is going in this quarter 2 itself. And we really have 
to have more clarity in terms of the second half of the year but 
when I say INR 1000 crore the closing order book we are doing 
substantial revenues for this year as well. So we are talking about 
the net order book closure of INR 1000 crore. That might go up but 
I would like to keep it at INR 1000 crore for now. Based on the 
progress by end of quarter 2, then I would be able to give you more 
clarity on where we stand but there will not be any downside to this 
for sure. 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Understood. Second question was on your working capital 
improvement. I think the company took a stance last year that with 
increasing raw material prices, uncertainty of supply chain, you had 
stocked up a lot of inventory and both these scenarios seem to be 
easing out now. So from a sustainable level you come down from, 
say, 275 days to 250. What should be sustainable. Should we look 
at 200 days going forward or is it too ambitious or should we even 
look further. If you can guide us where you are headed to by end of 
this year from the net working capital cycle perspective. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
If I ignore the external factors for a minute, then we are looking at 
slightly below 200 itself. Our focus is to reduce it below 200 level 
itself. The only issue is it all depends on the external factors as 
well. They are becoming very dynamic from time to time but 
internally as far as we are concerned as a team, we are working 
towards reducing the number of working capital days. Our target is 
definitely slightly below 200 and let's hope that by end of this year, 
we will be able to achieve that. 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Understood. Third question was on Bloom Energy's yearly outlook. 
I think they have guided for a very strong second half of this 
calendar year, 30,70 kind of a ratio, first half to second half. And 
when I look at your quarterly volumes, you just mentioned, 726 
intent, roughly 7-36 units you've done which is you're broadly 250 
units kind of a monthly run rate and based on the annual guidance 
that you gave, your monthly run rate needs to be stepped up to 
something like 350 units plus, between 350 to 400. So just want to 
understand from a capacity perspective, are we geared up to deliver 
this kind of volumes on a monthly basis or will you need additional 
investments or do you still hold on to that guidance. If you can just 
give some more color how these numbers will pan out on the 
SOFC unit side please. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the SOFC units. If you look at our Q2 for this quarter, for 
example, we are looking at 1000 plus units going out. Now the 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
capacity is beyond -- so basically our capacities are getting in place 
which I've explained earlier, which are expanding up to an annual 
requirement of 9,000 units in all the products and that's getting 
ready by mostly by September, October. So, that's where we are 
looking at. So basically, the volumes will be much higher in the 
next 2 quarters for sure in this calendar year and whatever numbers 
we are supposed to deliver to Bloom will be adhered to and in spite 
of whatever anyone says there are still issues of supply chain but 
we are able to take care of that issue as well based on our inventory 
levels. So we are pretty much confident to achieve those 
deliverables over the next few quarters. 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Got it. And one last question from my side is on the Nuclear energy 
segment. Of course, we were L1 on some orders by March. And I 
think they haven't been booked looking at the order book numbers 
that you reported, which you guided will be booked in 2Q. But 
from an execution perspective, it is very chunky in some of the 
quarters. So we've hardly done some INR 3.5 crore of revenue in 
first quarter. So from a full-year perspective, how do you see this 
number panning out because that's the area where you need 
maximum ramp-up to meet your guidance or do you still think you 
can do INR 80 crore, INR 90 crore kind of an annual top line or are 
you looking at a very high number of INR 90 crore and it should be 
trimmed lower. If you can guide how this revenue build up should 
happen in the Nuclear segment please. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, well, it's not about trimming over, Sandeep. It's very clear, we 
are working on some long cycle projects which are going to -- 
dispatches are going to start from Q2 onwards like fuel machining 
head and coolant channel assemblies and all that. So all that is 
happening in the next 3 quarters. So we'll be right up there in terms 
of the plant dispatches in couple of units that we are manufacturing 
the nuclear products and that's right on track with us and so that 
will be done as per the quarter wise we will be able to adhere to 
that schedule what we have mentioned earlier. So there should not 
be an issue with that. 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
What revenue should we expect in the segments for full year. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Roughly around INR 85 crore, INR 80 crore to INR 90 crore is 
what we are looking at. So let's say because we're working on the 
fuel machining head, the dispatches are going to start from this 
quarter to next quarters and also on the coolant channel assemblies 
and all of them. So we're looking at that's a good number in what 
we are looking at compared to the previous year. So that's how the 
progress is going to happen. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Renu Baid: 
Yes. Thanks and good morning, sir. Congratulations for good 
results. I had 3 questions. First if you look at the Bloom Energy 
portfolio now that Keeylocko electrolyzers plus ASP which is a 
new product for which we are working, it has started to stack up 
plus there would be sheet metal and some electronics also where 
we are getting in. So if you look at our addressable market with 
Bloom, so on a per unit basis if one has to compare how has the 
addressable market for us improved in terms of the percentage 
share of the cost of the hot box or the modules. If you can give 
some insight in terms of, you know, how have we been able to 
increase the wallet share with the customer. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
First thing is, if you look at the enclosures we got qualified for 
enclosures as well this quarter and now we are going to start the 
deliverables on -- we have received 700 numbers of enclosure 
orders. So we will start those deliverables starting from this quarter 
to next quarter. And that's the addition wallet share that we are 
looking at. So moving forward from next calendar year, which I 
have not included in my order book inflow on the additional wallet 
share that we're looking at. We are looking at almost 2000 plus 
numbers of enclosures going forward as well. And apart from this, 
we are working on lot of sheet metal assemblies for Bloom which 
is going to US and to South Korea as well. And we are qualified 
for 67 of such assemblies, which we have done and this is 
something, so what ultimately is going to happen is the hot box 
will go into the enclosure with all the sheet metal assemblies and 
moving forward, the electronic side, the integration is what we are 
looking at, fully integrated system and that's the plan as far as -- 
probably the electronics would take a little bit more time but that's 
the goal in which we want to move and logistically also it makes 
lot of sense for Bloom to get a full system in terms of savings in 
logistics cost as well and everything happening under one roof. So 
that's the goal in what we are moving ahead with. 
 
Renu Baid: 
Right. So basically, in terms of the number of modules which you 
were catering to addressing within the hot box, if you can just help 
us to highlight, which are the different modules that we are today 
working on or already supplying to BE. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
First is the Yuma boxes is what we are supplying. Then, we have 
the Keeylocko is another product that we're working on which we 
are going to supply, which is getting ramped up next calendar year 
with our 1,600 numbers and then we have the electrolyzers which 
now we are going to deliver 60 numbers in the coming quarters and 
then we move on to about initially they said they will place an 
order for 200 numbers, so next year, but that is just the initial order. 
But we are not a real ramp up in electrolyzers happening the 
subsequent year in a big way. Because the demand for Yuma and 
Keeylocko is growing up in a big way and then electrolyzers will 
ramp up in FY probably subsequent year. Apart from this, we had 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
the ASPs, which I said, which is going to be around INR 90 crore 
to INR 100 crore of business coming in just by the product itself. 
So as I said, our product portfolio is going to really improve a lot 
based on our innovations that we are doing right now. And then the 
electrolyzers, sorry the enclosures what I've said, it's almost like 
about $12 to $15 million worth of enclosures that we are going to 
get an opportunity for next calendar year apart from the 700 what 
we are doing right now. And the assemblies if you look at it, it's 
almost like about $10 to $15 million worth of sheet metal 
assemblies that we are working on which will happen next year as 
well. So there is a large kind of increase in terms of wallet share 
and in terms of the innovations what we are doing for Blue. If you 
look at the bellows, if you look at the ASPs and now we are 
working on the heaters for the electrolyzers which right now they're 
importing from US, we have started our work on developing these 
heaters as well for them and the ceramic assemblies as well. So, it's 
a continuous innovative process to make sure that there are lot of 
cost savings, even for MTAR as well. So that's where we stand 
right now. 
 
Renu Baid: 
Right. So aligned with this as our value-added and localization for 
various components and products increase for the footprint that 
we're are doing for Bloom, how should we look at the impact on 
margins because currently the portfolio broadly tends to be dilutive 
at the gross margin level. The operating leverage kicks in. But with 
these new products coming in where the value addition is higher, 
how should we read on the impact of gross margins and EBITDA 
margins in say financial '24, '25 as the value of these businesses 
and our revenue mix continues to increase. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The important thing is whatever savings we are looking at in terms 
of cost savings, in terms of indigenisation. I'll give you a simple 
example in terms of bellows, we have already started 
manufacturing our own bellows instead of importing from US but 
we are maintaining our price as per the market prices are 
concerned. Now, the savings in bellows itself for next year would 
be close to about INR 18 crore or so. So, but are giving it to Bloom 
at a price, which is very reasonable for them. In spite of that the 
value add we are looking at is close to that number. So similarly, 
with the other products like ASPs, so ultimately what's going to 
happen is we are going to actually overall, we are going to reduce 
our cost by about 3% to 5% in terms of these innovations and that 
would definitely improve further our margins going forward as 
well. 
 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. Secondly, now if you look at the nuclear part of the business, 
while the new order inflows fleet reactors have been a bit more 
bumpy, if you look at some of the peers like Larsen they have been 
reporting on quite a few large sets of projects and orders from 
NPCIL. So apart from the 2 orders where we have been L1 in terms 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
of the fuel handling systems in the last quarter, how should we look 
at pipeline of the fleet projects and what in your view would be the 
order inflows coming in the next 18 months from NPCIL related to 
these peak tenders. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Frankly Renu, like we have been L1 in March itself for one of the 
projects we received an order for one project. The other project we 
are hoping to receive last quarter but they're saying now we will be 
seen in this quarter. Now we are receiving tenders from NPCIL on 
regular basis. We are quoting for them. And basically, our 
execution cycle for NPCIL we will have enough orders on hand to 
execute and our growth plan. We have taken such orders which are 
realistic in picture. So overall most of the fleet reactors orders, the 
tenders get floated in 3 different phases. Right now, the Phase 1 is 
on and then we move onto Phase 2 and Phase 3 and this is a 
program which will go on for the next, close to 10 years actually 
because there are 14 such reactors. So earlier we used to have a 
bumpy cycle but now with this kind of program we will have 
consistent uniform kind of a growth happening in Nuclear year-on-
year basis, because we are building up our order book in the 
Nuclear segment based on the fleet reactors what on annual right 
now. 
 
Renu Baid: 
Okay. So, on an average INR 200 crore plus of order inflow from 
the Nuclear segment should be sustainable in the next couple of 
years. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Comfortably, I would say that. 
 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. And lastly, we did see a good improvement in terms of the 
net working capital cycle to 249 days. If you can give from 
elaborate details or insights in terms of what steps have we taken to 
reduce this net working capital cycle and going forward, what 
could the incremental reduction that we're targeting in the next 12 
to 18 months on these. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
GR, you want to answer that. 
 
Gunneswara Rao Pusarla: 
Yes. So we are actually improving the credit period from the 
vendors earlier it was using because of the COVID reasons there 
were lot of vendors, we were paying advances. Now we are 
actually targeting 60 days credit period from the vendors, that is 
one. And second thing is daily monitoring of our receivable, 
weekly monitoring of receivables are in place and also, we are 
trying to reduce our inventory levels. So that is also we are 
monitoring on day-to-day basis and definitely with the higher 
revenue growth and we are looking for around 200 or less than 200 
days by end of this financial year. That is our target as of now. 
 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. And any progress in terms of the bill discounting options that 
you were exploring for export customers. 
 
Gunneswara Rao Pusarla: 
Actually, there are 2 kinds of bill discounting and the recourse and 
non-recourse bill discounting are there. Today, we have bill 
discounting limits are there with the customers but thing is it will 
not go off from   balance sheet. It will still stay in the balance sheet. 
Only in the case of non-recourse only we will get benefit. So non-
recourse in India, many of the Indian banks are not doing this non-
recourse receivable purchase program. So that we are actually 
trying to do with some foreign banks we are trying to talk to them. 
Maybe we will succeed in that. Let us see what will happen in the 
coming quarters. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yes, good morning sir. Congratulation for good set of numbers. 
Sir, my first question is the INR 500 crore order from Clean 
Energy segment, is it executable over next 6 months. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The INR 500 crore we checked that will come in this quarter. So 
this is in relation to the next calendar year. We already received an 
order for INR 175 crore earlier which you have seen and this is in 
addition to that. So all this is executable in one calendar year from 
January to December of next calendar year. 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Understood, understood. Sir, it's heartening to see new customers 
again added. Can you talk about some of the large projects you are 
working with new customer and what is the revenue expectations 
from the new customer in let's say 2 to 3 years? 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, 
we 
are 
working 
progressively 
with 
-- 
which 
is 
[Indecipherable]. We are doing lot of first articles. team is also 
coming this month to discuss long-term relationship with MTAR. 
Similarly, GE Renewable have started discussions with us and we 
are expecting orders flowing in from them. All this is under the 
Clean Energy segment, it is the hybrid projects under the 
fabrication plant what we have in Adibatla and even GKN 
Aerospace, so all -- so we are being very cautious in adding these 
customers in terms of looking at the kind of volumes that we can 
generate with them because a lot of effort goes into first articles. So 
whatever customers we're adding are supposed to be very excellent 
customers in terms of the expanding in international market and 
we'll continue to work with them and the volumes will get built up 
over the next one year or so and that's where we are right now. 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Sir, on actuators and the roller screws, the understanding 
was it is INR 80 crore to INR 100 crore opportunity each. So, can 
you help us understand how long or what would be the gestation 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
period in substituting the imports. Can it happen in next 2 years or 
would it be more gradual? 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, roller screws are concerned it is something reality. In the 40 
years, 50 years or 40 years or so we have been importing it from 
[Indecipherable] Sweden. Now for the first time in the history in 
the country, we have developed. It took us 2 years to develop the 
roller screws, and we have also had our first articles ready what the 
DRDO labs has given us, and today we are in a situation where it's 
only a nod from the government to ban the imports and go ahead 
with MTAR. It can happen in a month or it can happen in 2, 3 
months max. So that's where we stand and that I would really 
appreciate my entire team to actually achieve this. And that's why I 
said, the product portfolio of MTAR is going to really improve in 
terms of roller screws, ASP assemblies, ball screws, the 
electromechanical actuators as well. So over the next 2 years we 
would find a very good basket of these products generating enough 
revenues with good margins going forward. 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, lastly if I can squeeze one more. What is the 
incremental CAPEX for next 2 years given that our new plant is 
already ready. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It won't be that much because they have already established all the 
facilities. Some of them are getting established mostly by 
September and even the new plant fabrication commissioning 
should also be ready. And it can be a few bottlenecks areas here 
and there. Other than that, I don't see much of a CAPEX. But we 
are moving into the electronics division as well as I have 
mentioned. So you might see some CAPEX coming in from there. 
It is very, we want to make MTAR fully integrated company. 
That's our goal in the next one, one and half, two years. So that's 
the area, which we are looking at right now. And that's a new 
capability which we want to add. And that's very exciting for us as 
well. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shrinivas Aiyer from Rock 
fort Consultancy. Please go ahead. 
 
Shrinivas Aiyer: 
Recently India launched SSLV few days back and it was not 
successful. Looking at that do you feel you will get the opportunity 
of our own launch vehicle. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes. See ISRO has developed the SSLV, it was a project which 
they have developed, which is actually 80% of the market. The 
technology of that is completely different from what we are 
developing. We are developing with liquid engines. They are going 
with solid motor systems. So it's a completely different design 
having 4 stages and we have these 2 stages in our design program. 
So it's the first of the launch. So probably the second launch what 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
they're going to plan they have 3 launches planned for this year. 
Hopefully the second launch should go okay for them but there is 
no competition as such. So ultimately, we'll hand over lot of private 
companies who are capable of doing it in the long run. So we have 
first design and develop our own launch vehicle which we are right 
on top of it. Once we do that, then we'll take it forward and work 
with inspace, which theyl will collaborate in terms of even -- terms 
of the working together in terms of avionics and everything and 
launch pack and that's how it will progress. So that's something 
which we are really looking forward to moving forward. 
 
Shrinivas Aiyer: 
Okay. My second is in the last conference call, you did make 
EBITDA margin around 30% but in the first quarter, it has come 
down to 27%. Can you explain what are all the factors responsible 
for that 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
There is no specific factors for that. See, basically if you look at 
our quarter wise numbers we always give guidance over the year. 
And basically, we will catch up on the margins of 2%, 3% here and 
there moving forward in the coming quarters. Also, in terms of 
higher much higher revenues, the kind of guidance we have given 
of 55% to 60% obviously the margins as well will improve and 
we'll end up with about 30% with plus minus 100 basis points. 
There should not be an issue with that. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM 
Financials. Please go ahead. 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Yes, hi, sir. I had a follow-up question. Some of these are items 
which you mentioned, which are import substitution in hot boxes 
the ASPs and the ceramics and also the bellows which you have 
done in the path I just wanted to understand the orders for this part 
of Yuma or the Keeylocko hot box order that you get. These are 
not over and above, right, the INR 90 crore number that you 
mentioned. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No. The ASPs are over and above. Ceramic assemblies and bellows 
are part of the hot box configuration. But what happens there is that 
we are doing lot of value add there, so our costs come down a lot in 
terms of what we can -- in terms of margin improvements. That's 
what's going to happen. So that's where it stands. So that's how it 
is. 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
I wanted to understand this a little bit better. So when we are 
supplying the hot box, it is -- it was Xsoft ASP but included the 
bellows and ceramics, which we were buying out but now we will 
do bellows and ceramics in-house. ASP was not part of it, will get 
added over and above this and so is the enclosures 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
That's right, Sandeep. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Okay, sure and just on CAPEX. So you did elaborate on what you 
will be spending but if you could just give us a numerical number 
as to how much you will spend in terms of rupees crore for this 
year and next year. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We've already said that Sandeep that for the hot box division, the 
kind of volumes we have, we already put CAPEX in place. It's 
getting implemented now for about INR 40 crore to INR 45 crore, 
right? So then the Adibatla plant will get commissioned by 
September, October, and that's a CAPEX planned much earlier 
itself. Other than this, the only CAPEX that we can see moving 
forward is on the electronics which we want to start separately plus 
a few bottleneck areas depending on the kind of progress we make 
on various products or various requirements. So I don't see much of 
a requirement moving forward at least for the next one, one and a 
half years but it all depends on the kind of demand which is going 
up day-by-day and how it works out. But we have enough capacity 
to handle such things. So that's where we stand. 
 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
So should we look at say annual bidding of INR 40 crore to INR 50 
crore a year or can it be higher going forward on an annual basis. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, it will be less than that. Around INR 35 crore to INR 40 crore a 
year. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Yash Jain from 
[Indecipherable]. Please go ahead. 
 
Yash Jain: 
Sir, my question is related with Clean Energy segment. Can you 
please guide us about the government policies towards the 
development of hydrogen infrastructure? 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The government has already announced some kind of subsidy 
programs for this. Some budgets have been announced but I always 
keep saying that ultimately the technology development is what is 
most important in terms of green hydrogen, the electrolyzers 
technology which has to be viable and that's where we stand right 
now. So ultimately, we have to start somewhere to end where we 
have to do. Today, the climate change is a serious issue, even in 
you must have read articles all over the world, in US, Europe, 
everywhere. So there's a lot of serious intent towards this and in 
fact if you have read the news, the Senate of US has passed a bill 
for I think about $390 billion towards Clean Energy development. 
So there are all very encouraging factors because that's where we 
need to move. So we would see a lot of such support system 
happening from the governments, various governments and 
technology will evolve over the next 4, 5 years, and that's where 
that's the advantage where we are because already we are in 
advanced stage with our customers to develop these products and 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
that will have a very substantial vertical being built for the 
electrolyzers itself moving forward in the next one year. 
 
Yash Jain: 
Okay, Sir, my next question is also related with Clean Energy 
segment. So can you please guide us about the demand of the 
electrolyzers in India and your order position for electrolyzers. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I have mentioned this earlier, Yash. See, we are doing prototypes 
right now. The batch production is going on for this year for 60 
numbers. They're trying to place orders for about 200 more 
numbers for next year but that number can go up as the progress is 
made during the current year. And then subsequent year, you can 
really see a big ramp-up in electrolyzers. So that's where we stand 
right now and that particular vertical is going to be a parallel 
vertical with what we are doing in Yuma and Keeylocko units at 
this point of time. 
 
Yash Jain: 
Okay, sir. Next question is related with Space segment. Sir, can 
you please update on the ISRO plan for the next 2, 3 years or the 
movement of private sector in the Space mission policy. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the Government of India wants ISRO to be more on the R&D 
side and provide support to the private industry to privatize various 
launch vehicles moving forward, but it's a process that they want to 
follow. So for us as far as we are concerned we are not looking at 
PSLV or GSLV which are way too complicated in terms of 
handling those systems. But what we are eyeing is the small 
satellite launch where 80% of the market is supposed to be for that. 
And that's where we are working on right now. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Utkarsh Maheshwari 
from Reliance General Insurance Company Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Could you just give me, elaborate on what kind of category 
building we are working on this electronics control system. I mean 
what are capabilities we are targeting and what should be our 
addressable markets in that category and what should be the 
timelines we should be working out and what kind of CAPEX we 
intend to incur. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
To begin with, we are looking at various options. We are looking at 
cable harnesses, PCBs, box builds like AMS facility which is very 
much required. A lot of our existing customers are looking forward 
for it including Bloom as well and various other organizations 
which we are looking for. We might move into radar business as 
well moving forward. So we have to see how it goes. Mostly, our 
focus is on clean energy in terms of the electronics box builds. So 
this is something which we are looking forward for. And the 
CAPEX is not that much. Probably we are looking at a budget of 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
about INR 30 crore to INR 35 crore to establish this and we have 
already started taking in the right kind of team to build the 
electronics theme over the next 3 to 6 months to address this new 
capability that we want to add which would make MTAR a fully 
integrated company in all aspects. As it is today, we are -- for most 
all the customers we are like one-stop shore under one single roof. 
They have all the facilities to address their requirements. And with 
these electronics, it would take the company to becoming a fully 
integrated company. We are doing fully integrated systems as well 
right now. So we have substantial knowledge on that which we are 
adding further very good team members to build this business 
moving forward. 
 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
So is it fair to assume that majority of the electronics for it will be 
like complementing your existing product line or it will be like 
more towards putting a backward integrated model on that. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, with existing requirements of various customers and also for 
the new customers as well. So it will be a combination of both. 
 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
And for the radar. I mean, what could be the thinking behind that 
and what should be the time frame where we can start looking 
something more curiously into the segment. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, we are also working on the mechanical side of the radars. It's 
not that we are not doing that but what we would like to see is 
more progressively doing more in Clean Energy segment for fully 
integrated systems and also for the other systems that we're looking 
at and we'll have more information on this by end of this quarter in 
the direction we want to move. And that's where we want to take 
this forward. 
 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Fair point. Sir, actually I missed out our involvement in SSLV. I 
mean what all areas will be covering as a project. I am trying to 
understand that. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, we are going to power, the entire manufacturing of the launch 
vehicle itself. So the support system from ISRO is going to be on 
the Avionics, the launch pad and all that which government has 
already announced will be done at cost basis to promote the private 
industries. The biggest achievement is to build a launch vehicle. 
So, that we have all the equipment and capability to do that. And 
right now, we are working on the designs for it and we will move 
forward as and when we finalize the design and then we start 
manufacturing it. 
 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
This will not entail any fresh CAPEX for us. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, not required because the testing everything, all the facilities are 
provided by ISRO including a launch. At the time of the launch 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
also, they'll support us with all the avionics and everything. So it's -
- the existing facilities what we have MTAR is putting up to 
manufacture this. 
 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Okay. I mean we already have a good base of mind in people in the 
category who are working already in that segment. So we don't 
have a problem of getting more people also to work on this. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Absolutely, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Deepak Krishnan from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
For the follow-up opportunity. Just probably one question just from 
a sourcing perspective, are we seeing any benefit because of the 
Taiwan related issue because one of our key competitor is from 
Bloom business and also secondly just Bloom yesterday on its 
earnings call indicated that the Inflation Reduction Act which is 
basically to help decarbonization, they will get extra incentives if 
this also -- so any impact of either of the two on your order book or 
how do you kind of look at both these new 2 items. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
What is the first question, Deepak, can you repeat? 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Yes, just any impact from this Taiwan related issues in terms of 
you gaining market share in near-term because of -- there are being 
more supply chain issues over there. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, I think, I can't comment on the China, Taiwan issue right now. 
But, yes, basically, if things go serious then probably MTAR will 
get the entire profit share of business what we are doing right now. 
As it is, we have a majority share but we have to see that. I don't 
pray for frankly. All of us would like to have peace in every area. 
So let's see what happens but as of now the only dependability for 
Bloom is with a company called Karvi in Taiwan for the hot boxes. 
They have a minority share as of today, but we are all geared up to 
address the Bloom in case they have issues there. So that might 
happen or might not happen. It's something that is very external, 
Deepak. Nothing to do with us. So let's see what happens. And 
secondly yes, you are absolutely right. With the new senate, what 
you said and we have mentioned earlier also that will give a big 
boost for Bloom in terms of the support system in the US and that 
would, that's something which is encouraging actually even for us. 
So that's where we are. 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure sir. Any just in terms of addition of customer for the 
technology of SOFC. Any thought process on adding 10 base 
customers or other customers, essentially focus on. 
 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, if you realistically look at -- I've been doing my own research 
on this and if you look at Plug Power for example they are in 
different technologies. But if you look at realistically the volumes 
they are looking at as of today, it is probably far, far less than what 
where Bloom is right now. So as and when they're ready in terms 
of outsourcing it, making entire OEM we are open to it. But that 
only time can say that, Deepak. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shreya Malhotra from Yashvi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Shreya Malhotra: 
Good morning. Sir, I just wanted to know with respect to the work 
you do with Bloom Energy, sir, do we have any exclusive supply 
agreement with Bloom Energy. And my other question would be 
other than Bloom Energy what -- who more are the more customers 
that we have in this, with the same product lines in Clean Energy. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We don't show any exclusivity with any customer for that matter. 
So MTAR doesn't work like that, so we don't have any exclusivity. 
But if you look at our customer base we work like partners. It's not 
like a buyer and sellers’ relationship. I keep saying that because lot 
of technology is involved there. And as far as the other customers 
are concerned, I just mentioned that about the kinds of volumes 
that other customers are looking at. If they are ready to outsource 
it, they are developing, if you look at companies like Plug Power or 
any other companies for that matter which are looking at it. So 
whenever they are ready MTAR has the platform to address their 
issues. It's more like see how well they can develop their own 
product and how they can outsource it. 
 
Shreya Malhotra: 
Okay. And sir, would like, would it be the products that we are 
supplying to Bloom Energy which will be similar to that product or 
what are we developoing something new for our customers in 
collaboration with them. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Everyone has their own technology. If you look at Plug Power, it's 
the PEM technology, polymer electro membrane technology. 
Bloom is an SOFC technology. So each one has their own kind of 
technologies. Bloom is a leader in what they're doing right now. 
So, but we will be able to address their requirement because we 
have the base capabilities to address any of these technologies. 
That should not be an issue. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Neeraj Runthla from 
Mega Profits Consulting. Please go ahead. 
 
Neeraj Runthla: 
I had a question on the new lines that may be set up by you once 
India gains the outlook on the national hydrogen mission. So what 
is MTAR’s plan to set up new production lines in India with 
respect to the huge demand that may come up. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
As I said earlier, see, when we are saying the new line we are all 
geared up for that whenever it happens. It might take a year or 
couple of years I guess, but as I mentioned earlier, we have 
increased our wallet share to an extent and moving into fully 
integrated systems. That's the first step for the establishing a full-
fledged line. So as and when it happens, we'll address that. We will 
be ahead -- we are very proactive in addressing such issues. So 
we'll get the go ahead call from Bloom to do at the appropriate 
time. So we'll definitely address that at that point in time. 
 
Neeraj Runthla: 
I also had a follow-up question. It's about SSLV. So what kind of 
business are we looking at with respect to value in terms of MTAR 
achieving through SSLV only in next 2, 3 years. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I don't have the numbers right now. We are in the design stage. But 
what I know as far as the commercial are concerned, the 
opportunities it covers 80% of the world market being -- and India 
being the most economical in terms of these launches. India itself 
would have about 10 to 12 launches and then you're looking at the 
launches for the other customers internationally. So that would be a 
big step forward for MTAR as well in Space sector and that's why 
we are putting all our efforts in working on the design and 
development of the launch vehicle. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints we have reached the end of the 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Srinivas Reddy for closing comments. 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So I would like to thank all of you for sparing your time to join us 
for this earnings call and as I have always mentioned that we're 
putting our best efforts in terms of innovation, and we strongly 
believe and I continue to believe that innovation is the main forte 
for MTAR, and the rest all is just a byproduct of that and which 
you are literally seeing in terms of what we are doing right now and 
we'll continue to progress the way we are progressing in moving 
forward as well. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. On behalf of Orient Capital that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
