19th August, 2022 
 
 
 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: 532934 
Symbol: PPAP 
 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2022 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 enclosing herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Friday 
12th August, 2022 to discuss financial results for the quarter ended 30th June, 2022.  
 
The transcripts are also available on Company's website at: 
https://www.ppapco.in/assets/pdf/quarterly_reports/PPAP_Automotive_Q1FY23_Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 For PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
 
Pankhuri Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
PANKHURI 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by PANKHURI AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=66d500a5c14a6b7ea42c2586df4d52
d6e6b09f8d63d67226645d3090e6f2a6d9, 
postalCode=201001, st=UTTAR PRADESH, 
serialNumber=3c5cb42087c3255c3ff07a4e4fc771
f8f08c0796ee464df8b34d770d694aa473, 
cn=PANKHURI AGARWAL 
Date: 2022.08.19 19:56:01 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“PPAP Automotive Limited Q1 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2022 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all 
information should be verified with the company by the reader 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - PPAP AUTOMOTIVE 
LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - PPAP 
AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the PPAP Automotive Limited Q1 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of 
the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Abhishek Jain, Managing Director & CEO PPAP Automotive Limited. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you very much Aman. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our 
Quarter One Financial Year 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Abhishek Jain and I am the 
Managing Director and CEO of the company. Joining me on this call is Mr. Sachin Jain, 
who is the CFO of the company along with the team from SGA Mr. Aakash which is our 
Investor Relation Advisor. 
 
I hope everyone has had a chance to go through our investor presentation which includes 
the strategy for making the company and subsidiary companies stronger resulting in higher 
growth going forward along with financial performance for the quarter ended June 30, 
2022. 
 
The fiscal year 2023 has begun as the dawn of the new beginning all over the world as the 
effects of pandemic is receding and people are experiencing normalcy in the post-COVID 
era. The global economy is witnessing a paradigm shift in terms of macroeconomic factors 
such as elevated crude oil prices, inflationary pressures in other commodities, interest rates, 
etc. 
 
On the industry front the automobile sector has shown resilience despite multiple 
headwinds in the economy. We are witnessing a healthy demand scenario in passenger and 
commercial vehicles on the back of pent-up demand and replacement demand. The 
passenger vehicle segment has grown by 33% between April and July against the same 
period last year. The electric vehicle segment is also growing at a promising rate. By 2030 it 
is estimated that 30% of the overall industry volume of 10 million units may be attributed to 
EVs led by two and three-wheelers with passenger vehicles contributing 5% of it. 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
India is expected to feature among the top 10 EV markets globally. The Indian auto 
component industry is in a sweet spot and will grow on account of increase in value vehicle 
production and exports. There has been a significant thrust by the government in terms of 
battery swapping policy, PLI scheme, promoting semiconductor manufacturing in India. 
 
Auto component industry is expected to see 9% to 11% of its revenue coming from electric 
vehicles by 2027 amid increasing electrification. We are pleased to share that in this quarter 
we have envisaged a scheme which is called PPAP Employee Stock Option Plan 2022 to 
reward the employees of the company including the subsidiaries, associates and JV 
companies subject to the approval of shareholders. 
 
The group continues to grow strong in its core businesses as well as the new initiatives 
which are launched in the past two years. 
 
Now I would like to take you through all the new initiatives and the new businesses that we 
have been doing in the last two years and where we are today. So, the core business of the 
company which is the automotive parts. In the automotive segment we have been 
proactively scouting for new customers and increasing our wallet share in the existing 
models. During the quarter the company began supplying its product range to newly 
launched vehicles of Maruti Suzuki Brezza and Honda City Hybrid. 
 
We are developing approximately 400 plus parts for our customers which will be in 
production in the next two years. As you know that our automotive parts business is engine 
agnostic, so apart from IC engine we are also now developing parts for the passenger 
vehicle, electric vehicles. We are currently in process of developing parts for three models 
which are going to be launched by our customers. 
 
In the aftermarket initiative, our aftermarket segment focuses on development and sale of 
parts and accessories and is done through a 100% subsidiary called Elpis Components and 
Distributors Private Limited. 
 
In the quarter we have been able to increase our product offerings to 350 plus as spare parts 
and 50 plus for accessories. We have also been able to increase our presence to 90 dealers 
spread across 35 cities across India. 
 
The third vertical for the company growth is the Pail Container Business. This business was 
gone out of identification of products for which we can utilize spare capacity of our 
injection molding machines. We have started supplying these containers to agriculture-

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
based industry. Now we have almost 10 different types of products to offer and we are 
expanding to adhesives, paints and FMCG and lubricant industries. 
 
The fourth focus for our growth is the commercial tool room, which can design and develop 
molds of up to size 1.8 meters based on plastic injection molding technology. This vertical 
can manufacture 80 plus molds per year. This division manufactured molds for our 
automotive part business as well as for customers in other automotive segment, white goods 
and medical segments. Due to global logistic problems, we are seeing a lot of traction in 
this vertical from customers from all segments including white goods, electrical goods, 
medical goods, etc. Most of the companies who are buying exclusively from China have 
changed their policy to China Plus One and that is why this business is emerging as a huge 
opportunity for the growth. 
 
The EV segment is the new world order for everyone globally. PPAP forayed into the 
manufacturing of EV components for electric cycles, two-wheelers and three-wheeler 
applications. We manufacture battery packs for all these applications, we have already 
established three assembly lines making our capacity of 60000 packs per year. The focus on 
development of battery pack for storage applications like solar streetlight, mobile tower 
energy, energy storage solution, is also in place. As I was telling you earlier apart from 
focusing on electric cycles, two-wheelers, and three-wheelers, we are also getting a lot of 
business from passenger vehicles for our existing product range of automotive parts and we 
are developing three, we have got three projects for our customers which will be launched 
soon about till for another two years. 
 
Now let me throw some light on the financial performance and key developments for 
quarter one financial year 2023. For standalone PPAP revenue grew by 47.8% from Rs 78.6 
Crores to Rs 116.3 Crores in quarter one financial year 2023 compared to year-on-year 
basis. The company clocked higher sales during the quarter under review and improved 
capacity utilization which has resulted into an EBITDA margin growth of 255.5% to 
Rs.12.5 Crores in the quarter. 
 
EBITDA margin has witnessed a sharp uptick from 4.5% in quarter one financial year 2022 
to 10.7% in quarter one financial year 2023. 93% of this revenue is derived from sale of 
parts whereas balanced is derived from sale of tools and others. Maruti Suzuki continues to 
be the largest customer of PPAP and Maruti Suzuki and Suzuki Motor Gujarat put together 
contribute about 50% of the total revenues. 
 
During this quarter we have received some appreciation from our customer as well. We 
received the delivery awards from Toyota for meeting all their delivery requirements and 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
were also awarded timely delivery from Somemiya Corporation which is a Japanese 
company for our good quality and good supply of tools from our commercial tool room 
division. 
 
During this quarter the capacity utilization stood at 72% we will continue to improve our 
capacity utilization going forward and achieve operational efficiencies. In this quarter we 
are also witnessing the commodity prices are also losing steam. So, with higher utilization 
and with commodity prices losing steam PPAP should be in much better position than what 
it is today. 
 
For consolidated PPAP we reported a revenue growth of 56.5% from Rs 78.8 Crores to Rs 
123.2 Crores year-on-year. EBITDA increased from Rs 2.5 Crores to Rs 13 Crores and the 
EBITDA margin stood at 10.6% in the first quarter. 
 
Just to summarize the five business segments will act as growth levers for the company. 
The semiconductor issue which has been triggering the growth of the automotive industry is 
easing out now and sooner than later things should become back to complete normalcy. The 
China Plus One strategy is evident and India is well placed to reap the benefits occurring 
from that opportunity. The commodity prices are steadily losing steam. The Capex plans of 
auto ancillaries are aligned with that of OEMs will drive the demand over the next few 
years. We are excited to be part of the manufacturing space in the country and PPAP is at a 
cusp for spectacular growth journey going ahead. 
 
Thank you for your kind listening. We will be more than happy to answer any questions 
that you may have. Aman over to you to moderating the question-and-answer session 
please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from 
the line of Piyush Jain from Hansraj Virendra Capital. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Jain: 
Hello Sir, very good afternoon and congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first 
question is on you have announced the ESOP 2022 plan can you just elaborate more in 
terms of detailing how long this is going to last and what the P&L impact it would be 
having. 
Sachin Jain: 
Thank you for the question. So, the scheme is broadly framed considering the next five-year 
requirement of the company and overall limit which we have kept is around 5% so the grant 
decision which will be  taken by the compensation committee based on the recommendation 
of the management time-to-time considering the company requirement and the percentage 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
of profile of the employees with whom we are going to give these employee stock option 
plan. 
Piyush Jain: 
So, if I understood correctly we are saying 5% of the total outstanding share capital that we 
are having. 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. 
Piyush Jain: 
And is that a front loaded or means the first year would be having the higher effect or 
means I am just trying to figure out the P&L, exact P&L impact that it would be having on 
a company in the next five years. 
Sachin Jain: 
Currently it is difficult to disclose the initial load because that should be finalized based on 
the internal discussion and after the recommendation of the compensation committee and is 
already mentioned that the scheme is just to the approval of the shareholders post that we 
would be in better position in Q2 to inform how much would be the initial cost of capital or 
expense side on the P&L. 
Piyush Jain: 
My second question is on the new segment like other than the plastic extrusion that we are 
having. So let us say in the next three to five years how much percentage of our revenue we 
see with respect to the revenue split between the old business and the new business which 
we have entered into the last one or two years. 
Sachin Jain: 
So, we are looking to have at least 25% of business from these new initiatives taken in the 
last two years. 
Piyush Jain: 
And the margin profile would be higher on this business comparative to the existing 
business, or it would be in line with the existing business itself. 
Sachin Jain: 
So, it depends on the business for the tooling side it would be bit higher after market side it 
would be better and EV component is more or less into the automotive industry so it should 
be in line with the current margin structure of the company. 
Piyush Jain: 
Thank you so much that is all from my side and all the best. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you. Our next question is in the line of Ajuna Shah from Shah Investments. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Ajuna Shah: 
Thank you for this opportunity, Sir. Sir, if you could just throw some light on how the 
aftermarket segment has been performing and also what would be our EBITDA margins in 
the segment. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Aftermarket last year we clocked a sale of around Rs 10 Crores and that was almost like the 
first full year of operations. So going forward because the base is very small, so we expect 
that we should be doubling the sales at least for the next two to three years every year. 
Margin side currently because the sales are kind of low, so the margin is somewhere 
between 7% to 8% but we expect that when we achieve this critical mass then we should be 
able to improve the margins in aftermarket business as well. 
Ajuna Shah: 
So how big would our EV business be and if you could tell us how it is shaping up are we 
adding customers in this vertical. 
Abhishek Jain: 
See EV business first of all we are present across all the segments, so passenger vehicle side 
whatever product range we make for the IC engine all those parts can be made for the 
electric vehicle as well. So, as you know the MG has already launched this ZS EV and Tata 
already has Nexon EV so both of them we supply parts both these models and one more 
customer I am not at liberty to name him, but they are planning to have to launch a big EV 
in the next few years. So, we already have a business for that model and we are developing 
almost 20 odd parts for them. For the battery side our focus is on two-wheelers and three-
wheelers primarily along with providing storage solutions for solar application and all that 
and in that segment, we have four to five customers already who are doing business with us 
and about 10 odd products are under development with potential customers. 
Ajuna Shah: 
All right, sure. That was very helpful. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saral Seth from Indsec Securities & 
Finance Limited. Please go ahead. 
Saral Seth: 
Hi! Sir, thanks a lot for taking my question and congratulations for a good set of numbers. 
Sir my first question is as we highlighted in our press release that we are venturing into 
Honda Hybrid and Brezza. So how is the traction there Sir and with these higher premium 
cars are we seeing increase in our realizations. So, I am trying to understand are we 
benefiting from the premiumization of Indian passenger vehicle market. 
Abhishek Jain: 
See these are two models which have been launched by our customers during this quarter. 
So, the reason to name them was to give you a sense that new model launches PPAP is 
present in it or not. Your second question regarding premiumization, of course it will 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
benefit us because specification of our products are change when you get into a premium 
kind of a product, premium segment vehicle. So that results in increase in sales also and 
somewhat increase in margins as well just because the price is higher and price is higher not 
just because it is a premium model, but the basic specifications of that product is different 
for example in a low end vehicle you see only black strips on the door of the vehicle, but 
when you get into a premium vehicle you see a stainless steel type of finish or a black 
bright type of finish or different kind of finishes. So that is what drives the premiumization 
of our products, the specifications change. 
Saral Seth: 
And all your key customers like Maruti, Honda and Tata have been continuously guiding 
for increased production amid better outlook and easing chip shortages. So are we prepared 
to handle such kind of increase in production and where do we stand in terms of capacity 
utilizations currently. 
Abhishek Jain: 
As I explained, so first quarter our capacity utilization was about 72%, so whatever 
customer is projecting us to deliver we are completely ready to give all those supplies to 
them. We are completely geared up. 
Saral Seth: 
And what are our Capex plans for FY2023. 
Sachin Jain: 
For this year we are looking to add around Rs 35 to Rs 40 Crores in the capex. 
Saral Seth: 
Would that include maintenance as well or the maintenance is separate. 
Abhishek Jain: 
It includes the maintenance, replacement and improvement Capex also. 
Saral Seth: 
Our gross margins have improved sequentially in a very high rising input cost environment 
while others have shown sharp decline, so what is the reason for that Sir. 
Sachin Jain: 
Basically, there are two three reasons one is the better capacity utilization in this quarter we 
have if you compare with the Q1 and also on the some commodity side there are some you 
can see the cooling of the prices in after mid May. So, there are some effects of that also. 
Saral Seth: 
Sir if I carefully look at your numbers our depreciation remains to be extremely high which 
is impacting our bottom line though on the EBITDA front, we are doing extremely well, but 
when it trickles down to the PAT level our depreciation is impacting our PAT I feel so. Do 
you feel so or any color on that whether it is because of continuous Capex intensive nature 
of the business. 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, one is the nature of the business is capital intensive, in the last two to three years as we 
are expanding our self in the new avenues like commercial tool room we have started and 
we have also expanded our self in Gujarat and Chennai area  near to the customer, so we 
have to create facility and the two some expansion in that part. So more or less the 
expansion side we have completed now the Capex would be more of the balancing 
equipment side maintenance replacement Capex side and going forward as the capacity 
utilization would improve then automatically if you see the current percentage is around 7% 
it will come down correspondingly in terms of utilization for ourselves. 
Saral Seth: 
And what is our asset turnover in this business extrusion and automotive sealing. 
Sachin Jain: 
Current ATR you are talking about the current ATR. 
Saral Seth: 
Yes, broader indication. 
Abhishek Jain: 
That is almost one in this quarter. 
Saral Seth: 
One time so it is actually Capex intensive, what is interesting to see that you have been 
increasing business with Nissan in other segment also can you throw more color on others 
because now that is big segment, or a big portion of the entire mix is it tooling I think 
tooling also goes into this. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sorry we did not understand your question can you please repeat it once again. 
Saral Seth: 
Yes, so what I am asking is the other segment has now become 22% of your business so 
what is driving the others segment and is tooling part of others. 
Abhishek Jain: 
22% no we did not understand what is this 22% you are talking about. 
Saral Seth: 
Yes, so I am asking in the entire customer contribution as on FY2022 others form around 
22% of your total revenue mix others segment. 
Sachin Jain: 
In FY2022. 
Saral Seth: 
Yes, so Maruti, SMG, Honda, Tata Nissan and then we have the others which is the big 
customer. 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, other includes Volkswagen, TKMN, Hyundai, MGI, two-wheeler segment also. So, 
they have mentioned the broad customer mix. So, if you see the others, others would do 3% 
to 4% only. 
Saral Seth: 
So, with that is it fair to assume that the dependency on Maruti and Honda is reducing and it 
is expected to go down further or that is not the case. 
Abhishek Jain: 
See with Maruti and Honda at one point of time 65% was on Maruti for us then somehow, 
we changed it to about 40% came to Honda, but now both of these customers are like 
Maruti and SMG put together they are down by about 50%, Honda which used to be about 
40% of our business is now down to almost 20%. So we are very aware of this fact about 
being dependent on any one customer for too much business and we are continuously 
focusing on developing other customers like Volkswagen we started about two years back 
so now Volkswagen contributes almost 3% to our sales, Toyota again it contributes 4%, 
MG which is a fairly new customer in the Indian market, they also contribute around 4%, 
Hyundai and Kia put together since it is slightly low they should be a much higher but they 
are also contributing about 4%. So, all these customers put together we are able to 
continuously reduce our dependence on Maruti Suzuki and Honda, but Maruti Suzuki 
because it is the major player in the automotive passenger vehicle industry. So, it will 
always be a dominant player for any passenger vehicle component maker who want to do 
business in India. 
Saral Seth: 
Thank you Sir that was very detailed answer. Sir what would be our market share, broad 
market share in our core segments. 
Abhishek Jain: 
If you look at the plastic sealing system overall, we should have a market share of 85% plus 
if you look at the total market. Customer wise I think Maruti is the only customer where we 
have some competition apart from that in plastic sealing whether it is Honda or whether it is 
Tata, whether it is MG or Toyota or Skoda Volkswagen now we have a 100% market share 
in whatever we supply to them. Hyundai and Kia would be about I would say still about 
20% because we are still making inroads with them and they already have a Korean supplier 
who we have to compete and collaborate both with. 
Saral Seth: 
And what is your guidance for FY2023-2024 or next two years where do we see our 
revenue and profitability going if you want to give any long-term guidance. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, I have been mentioning about it, see industry wise I think this year we should be 
hitting the maximum number of production ever for passenger vehicles. I think industry 
wise there is no problem in the future growth and for the bottom line as I was mentioning in 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
the earlier as well, now these commodity prices which were at a lifetime high which went 
unprecedented high they started softening so we have started seeing that effect coming in 
June and every month these prices are getting better so we do not see any particular 
problem in top line or bottom line going forward. 
Saral Seth: 
Sure, Sir that was very insightful I will fall back in queue. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
VP Rajesh: 
Hi! Thanks for the opportunity. Most of my questions have been answered with this two 
that are remaining. What I was asking is that what is the capital employed in the three new 
businesses your aftermarket, your EV business and the plastics on business. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sorry, what was the last one. 
VP Rajesh: 
The third new division that you have started in the last two years in all these three divisions 
what is the total capital employed. 
Sachin Jain: 
So, for the aftermarket side because we are more or less on the trading activities here so on 
the company side, we have just invested around Rs 50 lakhs in that and there is no loans in 
that company. So that company surviving it onown and the EV component side up to June 
end the overall capital employed is around Rs 47 Crores in that segment because of the 
Capex and inventory requirement in that company and Pail container because this is the 
more or less part of the PPAP business. So, at that segment the capital employed is around 
Rs 3.5 Crores. 
VP Rajesh: 
And then this EV business where we have deployed Rs 47 Crores what is the kind of 
revenue and EBITDA you see in three years down the line. 
Sachin Jain: 
So on the three years down the line I think EBITDA will be in the double digits in the 
segment also and the revenue we are expecting more than Rs 100 Crores  
VP Rajesh:                        and to get to that Rs 100 Crores when you need to deploy more capital or on this 47 you can 
produce… 
Sachin Jain: 
We will manage with that and gradually it will reduce when the business will stabilize the 
inventory level will come down so automatically it will reduce. 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
VP Rajesh: 
Wonderful and then my other question was that if you go a few years back you were 
showing around 18%, 19% EBITDA margin and majority of that was because your gross 
margin was very healthy back then and if you look at last year’s number there is a big delta 
in the gross margin. So, the question is that now that the commodity prices are coming 
down your capacity utilization is going up when do you think you can get back to the same 
kind of gross margin and EBITDA margins in the core business. 
Abhishek Jain: 
I think you should be seeing some sort of movement from quarter three onwards. I think it 
will take us this quarter as well quarter two for all these commodity prices to settle down 
and to getting to start a reflection on the financial books and all. So, quarter three should be 
the full quota where we can expect higher EBITDA margins coming through. 
VP Rajesh: 
So, when you say higher EBITDA margins what is the number you have in mind like are 
we talking high teens the way you were earlier or will it be mid-teens first just trying to get 
a sense. 
Sachin Jain: 
It will be in the mid-teen level because the higher teen I think the current environment does 
not suit you can say the prices and the competitions other things also there. So, it would be 
very difficult to reach again that level, but on the long-term our internal target to have mid 
teen numbers on the EBITDA side. 
VP Rajesh: 
Wonderful thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi from KIFS Trade Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Thanks for taking question. I just would like to know with this year where do we see our 
capacity utilization inching up, we will be able to make it based on your order profile what 
you have right now will we be at least processing 80%, 82%. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Quarter one we saw this capacity utilization at 72% and based on the projections which 
have been given by the customer I think this should increase to about 85% in this year. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay that means for a year at least will be about 75, 78 levels between around that. 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, on full year basis we should. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
And what about next year. 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Abhishek Jain: 
Next year also I think current customers they have I think they have good projections in 
place. So actually, in automotive business we generally try to maintain capacity utilization 
to a peak of 85% because there are certain peaks and rallies also so maybe if the projections 
are more then we may add some balancing equipment to our capacity. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
So that means somewhere around four quarters down the line you do to start thinking for 
those drawing states right. 
Abhishek Jain: 
I think quarter three we should be able to have visibility because that is when customer 
starts giving us some plans for next year model by model and part by part so then we can 
take a better call on what is required to be done for next year onwards that is the nature of 
the automotive part business. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Right thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Raj Joshi from Ace Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Raj Joshi: 
Good afternoon, Sir. Sir, what is the estimated Capex over the next couple of years and do 
we intend to set up any new facility. 
Sachin Jain: 
As we mentioned earlier also that it could be more in line with the OEM requirement so we 
will be expanding more on the balancing equipment side in future years which would be 
linked directly linked to the OEM requirement and about creating the facility as of now we 
have created the facility on the each zone north, south, west, everywhere. So, for the next 
two years we are not looking to add facility per se, but if there is such a requirement a big 
requirement it comes up from the customer side then we will definitely look forward to 
have the facility closer to the customer. In the last one year we have expanded our Gujarat 
plant also and our Chennai plant also so we think that for the next two years this should be 
enough for meeting customer requirements but in case we get some other new project or we 
do something then of course this requirement will change, but as of now we do not intend to 
add any new plant only we need to invest in some balancing equipment and focus basically 
is on increasing the utilization of all the investments that were made in the last two years. 
Raj Joshi: 
And also, our interest cost has increased in Q1 FY2023 again Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y levels then 
what is the level of debt to equity ratio you are comfortable with. 

 
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Abhishek Jain: 
Current debt equity ratio is about 0.3 so I think we are quite comfortable with this type of 
ratio we do not intend to increase it to a much higher level but remaining around 0.3 is quite 
comfortable for us. 
Raj Joshi: 
Okay Sir, thank you that is it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amar Survase an industrial investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Amar Survase: 
Sir what would be the effective tax rate for FY2023. 
Sachin Jain: 
Effective tax rate is 25 the base rate of 22% we have adopted and we are following the 
same. 
Amar Survase: 
25%. 
Sachin Jain: 
22% plus the taxes are surcharges so effective taxes will be around 25.17%. 
Amar Survase: 
And one more thing I mean as we can see that the commodity price has fallen. So could you 
expect our EBITDA margin go back to let us say 12% to 14% level in FY2023. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes of course. 
Amar Survase: 
Okay, fine. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions from the participants; I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain for closing comments. Thank you and 
over to you Sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you Aman. I thank everyone for taking time out of their busy schedules to attend this 
conference call today. Please feel free to approach us with any questions that you may have. 
We will be more than happy to show you around our existing facilities that we have created 
to service the customer. I thank SGA Advisors for organizing this call last but not the least a 
big thank you to the team at PPAP for supporting this call. Thank you very much. Have a 
good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PPAP Automotive Limited that 
concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
