Thank You, 
For VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
Swaminathan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A17696 
WA BAG 
An ISO 9001 Company 
August 19, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
NSE Symbol: WABAG 
BSE Limited, 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalai Street, 
Mumbai — 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 533269 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q1 FY23 Financial Results as per SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
on Q1 FY23 Financial Results held on Friday, August 12, 2022. 
The Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on 01 FY23 Financial Results is also available on 
the Company's website. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Sustainable solutions, for a better life 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
_ 
CIN : L45205TN1995PLC030231 
VV A B AG "WABAG HOUSE" 
No.17, 200 Feet Thoraipakkam - Pallavaram Main Road, 
Sunnambu Kolathur, Chennai - 600 117, India. 
Board : +91-44-6123 2323 
Fax 
: +91-44-6123 2324 
Email : wabag@wabag.in 
Web : www.wabag.com 

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
“VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
RAJIV 
MITTAL 
– 
CHAIRMAN, 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR & GROUP CEO  
 
MR. SKANDAPRASAD SEETHARAMAN – GROUP CFO 
 
 
Disclaimer:  
This transcript contains statements about expected future events and financials of VA TECH WABAG LIMITED, 
which are forward looking. By their nature, forward-looking statements require the Company to make 
assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. There is a significant risk that the assumptions, 
predictions and other forward-looking statements may not prove to be accurate. Readers are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a number of factors could cause assumptions, actual 
future results and events to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This 
document is provided without any express or implied warranties and request readers to read this with the 
information published by the company. This document has been edited for better clarity and accuracy to avoid 
any transcription error wherever required. 
 
 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen good day and welcome to the VA Tech Wabag Limited Q1 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen- only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Mittal, Chairman cum 
Managing Director & Group CEO of VA Tech Wabag Limited. Thank you and 
over to you Sir ! 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you. Good Evening, Ladies and Gentlemen. We extend a very warm 
welcome to you all to this earnings call post announcement of Q1 FY2023 results 
of VA Tech Wabag Limited. Joining me today for this earnings call is                
Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman our Group CFO. 
 
To start with this has been another successful quarter for us with our journey of 
profitable growth continuing in this quarter as well. We have had to counter cost 
headwinds coming from the commodity price increase and despite the same our 
strategy of focusing on international projects, industrial projects, high technology 
plants and EP which is engineering and procurement business has helped in both 
execution excellence and improved operating margins. 
 
If you have a look at our revenue in the last few years more than half of it has been 
from the international geographies, which is in line with our strategy to be a global 
player. Our order intakes in the past few years have been in line with our focus to 
remain a high technology business leader in desalination, reuse and recycle and 
excellent treatment business lines. 
 
Few examples of our reference projects include: On the desalination front Reliance 
Jamnagar desalination plant and Senegal 50 MLD desalination plant, which were 
received in this quarter has given further momentum to our desalination business. 
We are currently executing a 50 MLD desalination plant in Tunisia funded by 
KfW and have recently completed also a desalination plant for MRPL at 
Mangalore. WABAG was first to construct the largest operating 110 MLD 
Municipal desalination plant in India on a DBO basis at Chennai, of course you all 
would already know about the 400 MLD Japanese funded desalination project  

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 3 of 23 
 
coming up in Chennai where we are one of the three bidders the bid is at the 
moment under evaluation. In the last year, we had a marquee order intake of $165 
million towards the effluent treatment plant on zero liquid discharge basis from 
Russia which was followed by an €18 million order this quarter from Daelim. We 
have also completed effluent treatment plan for the largest single stream refinery 
in the world for Dangote Nigeria and also commissioned a large ETP for Petronas 
for their integrated refinery and petrochemical complex in Johor Bahru Malaysia. 
We have been in the forefront of recycle, reuse in India both on Municipal as well 
as industrial purposes. Our 45 MLD reference plant in Koyambedu Chennai which 
was inaugurated in 2019 by Honorable Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu has been a 
key milestone in Chennai’s recycle and reuse journey. We have recently also 
signed a concession agreement for a 40 MLD recycled reuse plant in Ghaziabad 
for Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam on a HAM basis. It is worth noting that WABAG 
already has to its credit constructing a direct portable reuse plant built in Namibia. 
 
While continuing to remain asset light we have participated in capital project 
business by securing four HAM and BOOT projects of which three HAM projects 
in Kolkata, Ghaziabad and Bihar are already under execution.  
Our participation in and contribution to the Namami Gange Mission of the 
Government of India has been significant. Our presence in the projects on a DBO 
basis and HAM basis under Namami Gange has been across the flow of holy river 
Ganga. 
 
We also commissioned our first and largest STP under Namami Gange of 40 MLD 
sewage treatment plant at Dinapur, Varanasi, which was inaugurated by Honorable 
Prime Minister of India. Currently more than half a dozen projects are under 
various stages of execution, once all these projects are completed, the holy rivers 
water quality will undergo a marked improvement. 
 
Our focus on developing the operation and the maintenance business has also been 
reaping giving benefits for us, securing two projects under the one city one 
operator scheme for the city of Agra and Ghaziabad, the first of its kind in India. 
 
 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Our focus on developing a long-term O&M business through HAM and DBO 
projects have also been showing up in our order backlog with O&M contributing 
over 30% in the order backlog today. Our business is about ESG - Environment 
Social and Governance. It is a unique opportunity for us to contribute positively to 
the environment as we further our objectives of value enrichment for all our 
stakeholders. 
 
These are only a few examples of our successful business strategy.  
Thus our focus on industrial and international business, multilaterally funded 
projects, high technology desalination, and recycle and reuse plants, asset light 
capital projects approach, cash accretive O&M business continued to focus on 
emerging geographies has enabled to improve margins and cash flows, enhanced 
quality of order book, delivered consistent profitable growth, enhanced 
shareholders and stakeholders value, become a globally respected water leader and 
contribute positively and responsibly to the environment. 
 
Now let us move on to the key order intakes for this quarter. This quarter we have 
secured two large new orders in desalination segment - the first one 50 MLD 
seawater RO plant in Senegal, which marks our entry into the country and 
enhances our global leadership position in desalination segment. 
 
This consortium order which is funded by JICA and being built by SONES,  the 
national water Company of Senegal worth about €146 million is to be executed in 
consortium with Toyota Japan and Eiffage France. WABAG will play the role of 
technology and system integrator while Eiffage will be responsible for 
construction work and Toyota will co-manage the project. Scope of WABAG 
under this order will be engineering & procurement and operation and 
maintenance which is worth about one - third of the total consortium order value. 
 
WABAG scope includes design, engineering and supply of electro-mechanical 
equipment, supervision of installation and commissioning followed by a two-year 
operation and maintenance of the plant. The plant will be based on seawater 
reverse osmosis technology with very advanced compact systems considering the 
availability of land and challenging terrain.  

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Second desalination order in this quarter was from Reliance Industries which is 
one of our key customers towards engineering, procurement, construction for a 53 
MLD desalination plant at Jamnagar Gujarat worth about Rupees 430 Crores. The 
scope of this project includes design, engineering, procurement, supply, 
construction, erection, pre-commissioning, commissioning and performance 
guaranteed trial runs of the seawater reverse osmosis plant slated to be built in the 
premises of RIL’s world-class refinery at Jamnagar Gujarat. It is worth noting that 
WABAG has already executed a 24 MLD Sea Water RO plant in the same 
premises. This plant will employ state of art pre-treatment in the form of lamella 
clarification, followed by filtration and ultra-filtration and then followed by 
reverse osmosis technology to convert seawater into processed water. 
 
We also continued our foray into the Russian Federation market with the new 
engineering and procurement order worth about €18 million about Rupees 149 
Crores from Daelim in Korea towards a water treatment package for Eurochem 
methanol production facility in Kingisepp Russia. Our scope includes design, 
engineering and supply, installation commissioning and startup of the plant and is 
scheduled to be completed over a 15 month period. The project will employ 
softening, ultra filtration, reverse osmosis technology to treat brine which will be 
reused as a processed water in the facility. This order includes adequate payment 
securities which derisks us from any geopolitical uncertainties. 
 
Ordering activities started assuming pace both in India and internationally and this 
is reflective in our order booking for this quarter. We will continue our focus on 
technology - driven international orders and enhancing our presence in industrial 
water space while continuing our delivery of best-in-class municipal water 
solutions. We are confident that WABAG will continue to remain a forefront 
runner in the oil and gas segment. Reuse and recycle water and desalination 
solution with our marquee references across the world. 
 
Coming to some of the key business updates…,  
As you are aware we secured an engineering and procurement order worth 165 
million US dollar which is about Rs. 1200 Crores from Amur Gas Chemical 
Complex LLC in Russia in H1 of FY2022, AGCC is a joint venture of SIBUR  

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Holding Russia and China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation (Sinopec) China. 
Owning to the geopolitical uncertainties in the region customer had communicated 
a suspension of further activities of the project in April 2022. We are now happy 
to inform you that customer has now issued a notice of work to resume this project 
which was communicated to the stock exchange immediately also. 
 
We have started remobilizing our resources and very soon the pace of work on this 
project will reach the pre-suspension level. Russia is seen as a big opportunity 
market for us as there is a space created by the European Companies which are 
walking out of Russia which is leaving a great opportunity for WABAG to replace 
them and complete the projects. So in the coming quarters and the years we see 
Russia to be a good market for us to execute water projects.  
At our 300 MLD independent sewage treatment plant at New Jeddah Airport in 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia which is being built with the State of Art NEREDA 
installation activities have started and the plant is on track to start pre-
commissioning activities towards end of FY2023. 
 
In our KfW funded Zarat project sea water reverse osmosis plant of 50 MLD 
capacity expandable to 100 MLD being executed for SONEDE in Tunisia, 
mechanical and piping installation is currently underway. The project is 
progressing towards the start of pre-commissioning in FY2023 itself. 
 
In our 187 MLD sewage treatment plant being built in Bally, Baranagar and 
Arupara in Kolkata for KMDA under the HAM model, we have crossed 70% of 
project execution phase and the project is progressing well, equipment deliveries 
have commenced and we expect the project to get mechanical completed within 
this fiscal year. 
 
In our HAM project for BUIDCO at Digha and Kankarbagh, effective date has 
been announced and we have accordingly commenced our activities, it is 
important to note that the DBO portion of the project has already been progressing 
well.  
 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Our core business which is water technology business remains intact and continues 
to grow profitably. With a very high quality order book of over Rs.10,000 Crores 
and a strong order pipeline visibility we are confident of continuing to generate 
value for our stakeholders in our growth journey in the years to come. 
 
I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to our direct and 
indirect employees and all the stakeholders for their continued support. 
 
Now we can move to the financial highlights and I would request Skanda to take 
you through the same. Over to you Skanda. 
Skandaprasad S : 
Thank you Mr. Mittal. Good Evening friends trust you have had an opportunity to 
look at the results update presentation as circulated and uploaded on our website. 
 
Let me take you through the financial highlights for the quarter ended 30th June, 
2022. Our consolidated revenues stood at Rs.632 Crores and on standalone basis 
revenue from operations was Rs.485 Crores. The consolidated EBITDA for the 
period stood at Rs.52 Crores which was up by 30% year-over-year and the 
standalone EBITDA for the period stood at Rs.46 Crores up by 75% year-over-
year. We have delivered another quarter of profitable growth which is our PAT 
growing faster than the rate our top line has been growing. The profit after tax 
attributable to owners stood at Rs.30 Crores on consolidated basis up by about 
98% year-over-year. On a standalone basis, the profit after tax stood at Rs.25 
Crores up by about 145% year-over-year. 
 
A look at the core metrics for the quarter as we usually do, Core EBITDA stood at 
11.5% double digit EDITDA margins as we have been indicating over our 
interactions earlier. Core PAT at 7.2% demonstrating our continued control over 
finance cost through constant cash and debt management focus. Core return on 
capital employed that is ROCE was 21.4% in line with our asset light model and 
technology focused approach. 
 
Mr. Mittal has already given a brief outline of our business strategy and our 
numbers in this quarter are also reflective of the same. International business has 
been growing. In the quarter 46% of our revenue was delivered from rest of the 
world and 54% was from India in line with our strategy to remain a global player.  

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Our order backlog stands at over Rs. 10,000 Crores with almost half of it coming 
from overseas geographies. Order book quality has enhanced, the quality of order 
book is enhanced with a majority mix of multilateral and Central Government 
funded projects, industrial projects backed by adequate payment securities largely 
in desalination, wastewater treatment, including recycle and reuse and effluent 
treatment space. Over 30% of the order backlog today comes from cash accretive 
operation and maintenance business. 
 
Profitable growth: For the quarter EBITDA grows by 30% and PAT by 98% on 
consolidated basis. Our asset light approach continues with a 20% plus core ROCE 
consistently and even in this quarter. 
 
In summary we are a global leader in the high technology water treatment 
business. We have grown profitably and consistently so and we have a strong 
revenue visibility from a quality order book of over Rs.10,000 Crores. We express 
our heartfelt thanks to our bankers, investors, fellow WABAGites and all other 
stakeholders for the continued support extended to us. With this, we now open the 
floor for question-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on your touchtone telephone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the queue, you may enter “*” and “2”. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
Gentlemen we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1”. We take the first 
question from the line of Manish Maheshwari from Embark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Maheshwari: Hello. Sir is my voice reaching you.  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes. Little bit louder if you speak is better but we can hear you. Please continue.  
Manish Maheshwari:  Sir there is another income component of 33 Crores reported for this particular 
quarter, can you give me a segregation or a breakup last, quarter it was 10 Crores. 
 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, as we said we are basically a global company, we export lot of our thing as 
we discussed almost 50% of our income comes from rest of the world geographies 
and 50% from India. One of the income comes from export related income, which 
are all in the fashion which government is giving us various duty drawback and 
export related benefits. The other is the finance income, which we have a financial 
income because of various fixed deposits and the cash we have in the banks and 
the last is the Forex income because we have our contracts in foreign exchange in 
dollars and euros as we bill and when we receive the difference in that goes into 
the other income. So these are the nature of other incomes. 
Manish Maheshwari: Can you quantify these three items that you have mentioned over. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
As you know as I told you I can quantify there is no problem my colleague will 
give me the numbers, but these are all operative incomes. These are all coming 
from the operation because we are a global player, these are not a non-operation or 
investment incomes. These are all related to our business incomes and just see 
even if we take as our business if we export anything if we do not have an income 
in dollar we will have to hedge it. At the rate we hedge the dollar that is the rate at 
which we will take our income and that portion will not appear in other income, 
but as per the accounting policy when we get without hedging we get this income, 
we put it in other operative income. Hence I think this we should not spend too 
much time. It is only classified just from the accounting standard perspective but it 
should be treated as an operative income. 
Manish Maheshwari: So what is the net debt as on 30th June and what was it 31st March FY2022. 
Skandaprasad S       : 31st March FY2022 was about 10 Crores positive and net debt as of 30th June 2022 
is about 70 Crores negative. We have a net debt in June. 
Manish Maheshwari: And March FY2022 what was it. 
Skandaprasad S        : It was net cash 10 Crores. 
Manish Maheshwari: Sir could you give us a forward-looking number in terms of a guidance for the 
next quarter or maybe the second half. 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 10 of 23 
Rajiv Mittal: 
In terms of what. 
Manish Maheshwari: Guidance in terms of your revenues. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Generally in the last two years since the onset of COVID we have refrained from 
giving guidance’s, but I am sure if you are an investor with us you know how our 
first quarter comes and that basis you can always predict the rest of the year and 
the future quarters also you know that the first quarter is always low quarter as we 
go along our second, third quarter will be more than that and second half will be 
more than first half. This has been the trend in the Company for so many years. 
Manish Maheshwari: And how about the working capital cycle right now. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Participants are requested to restrict to two questions.  
Skandaprasad S: 
Manish I will answer this question. The working capital cycle is under control it is 
similar to what we were in March, we have not had much of deviation from 
March, we are largely at levels similar to March and it is under control. 
Manish Maheshwari: And last question if you will, since we are Gung-ho on Russia and Europe and we 
have a sizable amount of order that we are executing I think there was an order 
which got canceled and the order was again kind of… 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I just correct it here we will not use the word cancel we will use the word 
suspended. So it was suspended for about couple of months as I said in my speech 
about an intimation last month to restart and now it is over a month that we are 
remobilizing and starting to complete the order. 
Manish Maheshwari: So what is the game plan for selling through markets like Russia and Europe given 
the uncertainty. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Uncertainty remains everywhere and we are basically an emerging market player. 
Emerging markets will never be as certain as the developed markets, but there is a 
way of doing business and we have been doing business, we know that if we go 
into this kind of markets how to make the payment securities like in this markets 
we always do business with either a pre-payment or with a letter of credit and that 
policy will continue to happen as long as we have a pre-payment or a letter of  

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 11 of 23 
 
credit we will take this orders if we have a deferred payment we will not accept 
those orders. That has been an internal discipline and we are continuing with that. 
Manish Maheshwari: Thank you so much Sir I will come in the queue because other participants also 
ask questions. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Before we take the next question, a reminder to the participants, 
anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” at this time. We take 
the next question from the line of Manish Jain an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
Hello, what is the revenue guidance for FY2022, FY2023. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Manish there is lot of disturbance in the line. Yes, as I told to the earlier 
participant now it is last couple of years we have not been giving any guidance, 
but we have been seeing that we have been growing year-to-year so this growth 
will continue keeping all the conditions favorable, no COVID related lockdowns 
and all our growth journey will continue and it will be always positive from last 
year to this year. 
Manish Jain: 
Sir, there should be at least a double digit revenue growth. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, it is not far off from what we have internal targets. 
Manish Jain: 
Double digit comes from 10 to 20 so what… 
Rajiv Mittal: 
You asked for it I meant you said double digit. So, yes you are in that range. 
Manish Jain: 
But with this kind of order book and this kind of opportunity I think we should 
grow a little bit more and with this kind of a leadership position. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
We also feel that obviously we will go because the team has been working hard 
and we excel in execution, today we have most of them as EP orders which is not 
so much construction related. So, yes, we also would expect that we have a good 
order book and these are executable order book we do not have order book which 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 12 of 23 
is not executable and all our HAM projects have also come on stream with 
announcement of effective date. So we expect that this year will be a good year. 
Manish Jain: 
With improved margin Sir. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes of course that goes without saying as my colleague our CFO mentioned we 
only work for profitable growth, our percentage growth in margins will be higher 
than the percentage growth in our top line. 
Manish Jain: 
Sir any important orders which are in the Pipeline. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, as I said we have a very solid concrete pipeline also mentioned the number of 
times the Chennai desal large project has been discussed in this con calls. I 
mentioned and gave you an update that yes we have submitted the bid for the 
Chennai desal plant and we are one of the three bidders we can see our chances but 
we will get to know in next couple of quarters. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you Sir, Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to the participants, anyone who wishes to ask a question 
may press “*” and “1” at this time. We take the next question from the line of 
Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, if we look at your EBITDA margins excluding 
the other income then it has actually declined compared to earlier quarter. So how 
should we look at it going forward. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I do not know why you say it is declined and why you say you have to exclude the 
other income. Just now I explained to an earlier participant, our earlier income is 
completely operational income is it a crime to go abroad and do business in US 
dollar. We are bringing into the country a Forex exchange and luckily that foreign 
exchange has grown for us the Indian rupee has depreciated it is very much part of 
our strategy of doing international business and if we do exports and the 
Government of India gives us the export benefits what is wrong with it we 
calculate that in our margins when we take the order why first we should exclude 
the operating income. I would like to know from you Anurag. 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Anurag Patil: 
Yes, Sir, I understand that part, but I wanted to understand, if we include other 
income then whether these kind of income our margins are sustainable 
directionally the Forex can be highly volatile. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Why it is not. Suppose now we had closed the June quarter at whatever Rs.79 a 
dollar or something. Now suppose this dollar will come down to 77, Rs.2 I will 
lose in dollar would you tell me to exclude this from my EBITDA because that 
will be sunk into my result which will not be shown as other losses in my total 
income because as per the accounting policy that I will have to book it as a part of 
my cost and then my EBITDA will I be allowed to drop my EBITDA if I have a 
Forex exchange loss. 
Anurag Patil: 
No, I understand that part, I am not asking to exclude that, I am just saying the 
Forex part can be volatile. So just to understand excluding that how our expenses 
can pan out that part I wanted to understand. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No, even if you, for just theoretical purpose you want to exclude all this other 
income still we have positively grown on EBITDA excluding the so-called other 
income. There has been a positive growth because about 300 bps we have grown 
on standalone and 200 bps we have grown on consol in the contribution margin 
and if you want to take on the EBITDA basis about 100 bps on consol and 200 bps 
on standalone. 
Anurag Patil: 
Ok Sir. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kaushik Poddar from K B 
Capital Markets Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Yah see this time what we see is that your finance cost is down and basically 
finance cost is down. So can you please explain that. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Very simple, I think as my colleague said we have reduced our debt number one, 
the other thing is we have also reduced our borrowings and on top of it we have 
been able to discuss with the banks to reduce the interest cost and the bank 
guarantee cost and this has enabled us to get some of the bank guarantees back 
also from the market for the completed projects. So the bank guarantees which 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 14 of 23 
were open in the previous quarter some of them have got returned because the 
projects were completed. So hence the cost has come down. So hence our net 
interest cost was borrowing the money has come down and also the bank charges 
for BG and LC which are non-fund items has also come down, both has come 
down. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And this LC and Bank guarantee charges has it come down on a sustainable basis 
or is it a one-off. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It is normally we would expect that this will keep coming down, but if we get new 
contracts, if we get new orders then we will have to give fresh bank guarantees 
and fresh LCs have to be opened to complete the supplies, but if we do not have 
orders then of course this will keep coming down but we hope and in the business 
we always think that we will get new orders and some more bank guarantees will 
be required as going forward. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And my last question see in all these years the Middle East was not doing well but 
the with the oil prices at what they are hopefully there will be a much bigger 
opportunity, how strong are you in the Middle East. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think very good question, see one I will definitely answer how strong we are in 
Middle East definitely. The oil prices going up generally the oil and gas sector 
globally will see a traction both on the refining business as well as the 
petrochemical business which is downstream of refinery. We are not only in India 
the largest player in oil and gas we are one of the very few large players globally 
during oil and gas you know we do regularly business with Reliance, you know we 
have done business with the Aramco in Saudi Arabia, we have done business with 
OMB Austria, we have done business for Petronas which we completed few years 
back in Malaysia, now we are doing business with SIBUR in Russia. So I think we 
are extremely strong when it comes to oil and gas sector. So, if oil prices are 
going, the affordability of oil companies will go up, and also we will see a good 
order intake into this oil and gas sector not only in Middle East but globally, but 
this also not only in oil and gas because the governments especially in Middle East 
will have a higher affordability because of the oil prices they will also invest 
money into the infrastructure and the desalination and sewage treatment plant 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 15 of 23 
projects will also see a big traction there because their affordability will be high to 
invest into the infrastructure space. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay thank you and please try to upload the transcript of this con call as soon as 
possible because right now for example I have to cut off so that I can read 
whatever is the transcript is. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Sure we will do that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants if you wish to ask a question may press “*” and “1” at this 
time. We take the next question from the line of Sandeep Sabharwal. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Sabharwal: 
Hi! My question is that when you give the initial commentary you gave project-
by-project updates on how each project or each large project is doing execution 
etc.  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Sandeep your voice is not clear. Can you please ask again. 
Sandeep Sabharwal: 
My question is that when you give the initial commentary you gave project-by-
project updates on how each project or each large project is doing execution etc. I 
am sorry to be repetitive, but then if you are so closely tracking each of your 
projects then at the end as a summation you should be able to give a cumulative of 
where you are likely to end up with. So I am unable to understand why you do not 
have a clear visibility on your growth despite your order book as to what kind of 
growth you will achieve so it can be a wide range it can be any range but I think 
some sort of idea could be there for investors what they are looking for. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Sandeep by  not giving guidance does not mean that we do not track our projects, 
we do not have our internal targets, we do not discuss such things with our Board 
which is a very independent Board, we do all that, but to give a guidance in such 
uncertain times when one side you have the pandemic issues whether it will pop 
up again, other side you have geo-political issues, the third side has come which is 
all the commodity price headwinds all these factors we do not know how they plan 
out, but given an ideal world we have our targets and we will achieve it we will go 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 16 of 23 
beyond that and now but to give a target under this uncertain times we have taken 
a decision to refrain in the last two years we have not given but definitely we have 
target and our investor you are tracking our Company I am sure you know as 
somebody said before that we will definitely grow more than double digits we 
built we will be in that range but… 
Sandeep Sabharwal: 
The only issue with the double digit guidance is that double digit is 10% to 99%. 
So then it again becomes quite vague so in any case you are not giving a guidance 
that is fine the other thing I wanted to ask was that one obviously the large 
Chennai desalination is something you are bidding for in terms of a visibility of 
orders which you are bidding for do you have any such visibility like would it be 
3000 Crores at this stage 5000 Crores more than that less than that and what has 
typically been your success rate historically in your bidding process. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Sandeep as we have discussed with some of the earlier participants’ that the 
market is looking up globally there is a good traction on the business opportunities 
available both on the industrial side as well as the municipal side we discussed 
also that there is a good funds coming from multilateral agencies which is our 
focus area and also in Middle East because of a high oil prices their affordability 
to invest in infrastructure is substantially higher than what it was a few years back. 
So we see a good order intake coming in and we always said that our order intake 
will always be more than our revenues so that our order book keeps growing year-
on-year. So, if you ask me whatever we did 3000 Crores last year our order intake 
has to be much more than that so that our order books will continue to grow. 
Sandeep Sabharwal: 
No my question was on your bidding pipeline like what you actually bidding for 
right now. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Our bidding will be at least four times of what we will expect to take because our 
hit ratio has been in the range of 25% to 30% so if we say we have a 4000 Crores 
order intake we will bid at least for 20000 Crores. 
Sandeep Sabharwal: 
All right thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shantanu Mantri from Think 
Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Hi! Sir, very excited about the opportunity in the coming five years. The only 
thing I want to understand from you is while our revenues will grow and you know 
whatever be that double digit that is fine and simultaneously our margins will also 
grow. So I just want some indication on cash flows so just on a back of the paper 
calculation say we do around 3500 Crores of top line and we take a 10% EBITDA 
margin so that is around 350 Crores of EBITDA. Now on this what is the free cash 
that we can generate, so basically I am trying to understand our working capital 
that how much post that working capital can the Company generate and the 
consistency. 
Skandaprasad S: 
See Shantanu from a working capital perspective if you just see what and you can 
track what we have been doing in the last three years our working capital has 
ranged between 50 to 70 days that has been the range and largely in the 50, 55 
days kind of level and we have been able to maintain working capital at those 
levels and our receivables have also been in control of course we will have to fund 
projects to move forward so the working capital will kind of have a crest and 
trough between H1 and H2 but eventually at an annualized basis we have stayed at 
50 to 70 days kind of level and our endeavor is to be below the three month kind 
of level in terms of our core working capital utilization.  
Last two years if you see we have been in positive cash closing we were about 43 
Crores the year before last year we closed at 10 Crores. Last two years we have 
reported positive operational cash flow as well. So there is no reason for us to 
believe that we will not be able to continue and consistently continue this as we 
move forward especially with the quality of the orders that we are executing and 
the more EP orders that we are picking up which will help us both in margins and 
cash flow. So we certainly believe that this is going to consistently be the case. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
That is good to hear and if you can just give an update on the GENCO status. So 
as far as I understand we provide around 60 to 65 Crores yearly, so will that 
continue in FY2023 till the time we find a resolution and if you can just for my 
understanding just tell me what was the total number what is the total provision we 
have done till date. 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, I think we can take this separately, but the point is both as you know they are 
under legal and you know the legal activities have been slow and both have not 
moved to any conclusion and short answer is yes if we go along we will have to 
continue to provide because as per the policy of Ind AS expected credit loss we 
calculate that as per our auditors guidance and our Board approved policy and you 
can expect if we do not see a resolution you will see that kind of number till we 
get a resolution to this legal cases. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
And in terms of execution I guess in one of the GENCO’s we are yet to complete 
the project. So if you can just update it has that already being done finished or we 
still need to do some bit. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think as we have told earlier we have not said that this was not discussed in the 
last few quarters. This project was already completed years back and the plant has 
been producing power. Now there were some residual non-core activities to be 
completed because of lack of funds, the client is also trying to do this on a 
piecemeal basis we are doing some small jobs for them in terms of finishing 
works, but the plant is producing power for last I do not know four, five years and 
this all finishing works like road, drains, painting, plastering, sort of things will 
keep on happening as and when they pay us because we have decided that we will 
not fund anymore this is cash and carry business to the extent they will fund we 
will execute and that probably will continue for another year. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Okay got that and just one last thing a couple of people have asked this already so 
we have this 33 Crores of other income while I completely understand what you 
are trying to say I just wanted to know of this 33 Crores we will be having a bit of 
financial income which is what we earn on our cash balance if you can give that 
portion it will be helpful. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Generally based on some fixed deposits and other things we have the financial 
income will be about 1.5 to 2.5 Crores. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Okay so not a big number. 
 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Rajiv Mittal: 
As I told one of the earlier participants’ all are operative income this from our 
project because we are international players, because our earnings is in dollars and 
euro hence most of this 90%, 95% of this income is operative. 
Skandaprasad S: 
Just to add it is not just unrealized all these also have components of realized 
income so it should not be seen as non-operative even from that perspective. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Yes I get that. Okay, thank you so much, that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Manish Jain an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
Sir any upcoming big orders in the next weeks or months. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, I think this year as we said we have submitted quite a few large bids both in 
India and international and we fancy our chances at least a few of them will realize 
and they will be in our favor and I think we will share this as and when it happens 
in our quarterly calls. 
Manish Jain: 
Sir when do you think this Chennai order will get finalized. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
End of this calendar year. 
Manish Jain: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Manish Maheshwari from 
Embark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manish Maheshwari: Sir a quick follow up. What is the update on Nal Se Jal. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think the program is going on well you know this is basically a rural scheme and 
this is done by mainly some of the construction companies because it is basically 
laying of pipelines which is not our forte nor our core area we are not a 
construction player to do this pipeline project. There are few projects which we are 
tracking as and when it happens we will take it but there has to be a technology 
portion in it then we will put in our bid we will compete for it but it is purely or 
predominantly a construction portion which we will stay away from it. 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Manish Maheshwari: We have not made any contribution as far as Nal Se Jal concerned right. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No, because I think you can track all this people who are doing these are mainly 
laying of pipelines. 
Manish Maheshwari: But ultimately the idea is to get the water from the tap right desalinated water from 
the tap. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Not desalinated water it can be a river water I am yet to see any single scheme of 
Nal Se Jal which is tapping a desalinated water I am yet to see or a recycled water 
I am not saying that it is basically god given water either it is a groundwater or it is 
a surface water and these are such a small quantity and such a small pipelines this 
is only to be done by people who can dig the roads and lay the pipelines. Just to let 
you know Manish we are not even bidding for it forget about that, it is not we have 
not even bid for it because for us it has been always no bid if there is no 
technology element into it. 
Manish Maheshwari: A bit off the track if I may ask you a question. So we are doing all things right and 
there are a lot of tailwinds as you kind of have indicated. If we have every 
ingredients sophisticated ingredients in place in terms of our business etc., etc. 
Why is it that the markets are not recognizing the same? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
This is something you should answer you are part of the market, we at 
management level we do all things right we focus on our business we do things 
right but it is up to the market, how they perceive it, how they recognize it, how 
they value it, but from a business perspective I can tell you we are doing 
everything right and we are putting our head low and showing you the 
performance and you have been seeing our performance even during the COVID 
years last two years we have performed far better even now when the commodity 
prices are not a tailwind but it is a headwind even against that we are performing 
well. 
Manish Maheshwari: I am talking of going forward. Going forward the tailwinds that you have kind 
of… 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I am sure there are hundreds of tailwinds I fully agree with you I am with you on 
the tailwind this is not a normal time for water sector this is a beautiful time we are 
buoyant about it and very bullish about it because this sector is growing and 
government policies are very favorable for this sector but we have to choose what 
projects we go and that we are demonstrating with our business results, financial 
numbers, everything we are showing it to you, but how you value, how can I make 
that judgment you have to value the business. 
Manish Maheshwari: Let us pray to god that markets recognizes our work sooner than later. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think we all work towards it will be the happiest if market recognizes because 
that is what we work for to enhance the valuation. So that our shareholders and 
stakeholders are benefited that is what we work for. 
Manish Maheshwari: Because that I remember during the pandemic our stock ticker virtually doubled 
from about 200 to north of 400 and then it came down as low as 220 now it is 
somewhere, it is lingering around 250. So may god bless as he is the only blesser. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, we pray every day. 
Manish Maheshwari: All right Sir thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Manish Jain. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
Sir, do you think the margins will improve further from here because in the first 
quarter the revenue was down, but the margins were up. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, I think our CFO mentioned this I will allow him to give this question. 
Skandaprasad S: 
Manish If you see I probably ask you to look at last two, three years we have been 
consistently improving our core margins at least 0.5% every year is what we have 
been improving we were at 9.8 two years back last year we were at 10.5 and now 
we are already at 11.5. So this is what Mr. Mittal also explained in his opening 
speech where we focus on a strategy to deliver these margins in terms of going for 
EP projects, international projects, cash accretive projects, and all of these are 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 22 of 23 
helping the asset light approach that we take then the lower cash and or rather the 
lower debt that we use in the business efficient working capital management all of 
these are helping margins both at EBITDA and PAT and our focus will be to grow 
profitably again I repeat our rate of profit growth will be higher than the rate of 
revenue growth and we will focus on cash accretive business because these are the 
indicators for valuation and this is what we have been focusing on and delivering 
in the last three years and I am confident we will continue to deliver this and 
deliver this consistently. 
Manish Jain: 
What was the reason for the revenue to go down in the first quarter? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See it is always a project mix ours is not a commodity business or manufacturing 
business ours is a project business is a lumpy business. So we cannot be seen as a 
quarter-on-quarter Company and when we got listed we used to educate this 
regularly and we are more focusing on EP projects which are engineering and 
procurement earlier we used to tell you there is EPC the C part we are consciously 
trying to reduce from our order intake because C part was almost like a pass 
through in our books. So we are trying to see can we reduce consistently year-on-
year the C part so that we do what we are good at rather than trying to pass some 
revenue from our books where we do not add a lot of value so that is the reason 
constantly we are saying our bottom line will go faster than the top line. 
Manish Jain: 
In the last three months compared to the previous three months how much 
commodity prices have come down and in percentage for our kind of business 
generally. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
We do not see on quarter on quarter again to repeat our businesses are two years, 
three year, four - year execution cycle the projects which we are executing now we 
may have booked two years back one year back one and a half years back so those 
time commodity prices and this now commodity prices are in the range of 30% 
higher now we are lucky that all the municipal contracts which we have because 
they are long-term two, three year contract we have an escalation an clause. Part of 
our escalation is covered by the plant through the escalation clause and we are also 
been very lucky now this nobody is talking when we have international jobs we do 
not have escalation clause but we have been very lucky because the dollar has 
been very beneficial to us. So whatever commodity prices have grown or increased 

 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
August 12, 2022 
Page 23 of 23 
we have been able to come either through an escalation clause or through a Forex 
we have been able to get and that is the reason our margins remains very robust. 
Manish Jain: 
But after this recent commodity meltdown some commodity prices or raw material 
prices for us from here on it should be a tailwind. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
If it is remaining steady that is the best thing we can do because we are also 
bidding every water projects taking the latest prices and if they do not grow from 
here I think it is the best we can ask for if they come down further we will benefit 
from it. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you so much. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I now hand over the conference to 
Mr. Rajiv Mittal for closing comments. Over to you Sir. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you everyone for your participation in our Q1 FY2023 earnings call. We 
have uploaded the analyst presentation in our website, in case you have any further 
queries you may get in touch with Stellar IR Advisors our Investor Relation 
Advisor based in Mumbai or feel free to get in touch with us directly. Thank you 
Bye! Bye! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of VA TECH WABAG LIMITED that concludes the 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may not disconnect your lines. 
****** 
