                    
 
                                                                                                                       www.arvindsmartspaces.com         
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Regd. Office: 24, Government Servant Society, 
Near Municipal Market, Off C. G. Road, 
Navrangpura, Ahmedabad, 3800 009, India 
Tel.: +91 79 68267000  Fax.: +91 79 68267021 
CIN: L45201GJ2008PLC055771 
 
 
 
19th August, 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Security Code: 539301 
Security ID     : ARVSMART 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol: ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Schedule of post results conference call with investors / analysts. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that the Company will hold post results conference call 
with investors / analysts on Friday, 12th August, 2022 at 5:00 PM to discuss Q1 FY23 Results of the 
Company as per the schedule enclosed herewith.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
 
         
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 

 
 
Page 1 of 1 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
                                                      
 
ARVIND SMARTSPACES MANAGEMENT:  
 
Mr. Kamal Singal – Managing Director & CEO 
Mr. Avinash Suresh – Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Ankit Jain – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prakash Makwana - Company Secretary 
Mr. Vikram Rajput – Head of Investor Relations 
                                              

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 2 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind SmartSpaces Limited Q1 
FY 23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today on the call. Mr. Kamal 
Singal, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Ankit Jain, the Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Avinash Suresh, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Prakash Makwana, CS, and Mr. 
Vikram Rajput, Head - Investor Relations. 
 
Please note that a copy of disclosure is available on the Investors section of the 
website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited as well as on stock exchanges. Please do 
note that anything said on this call, which reflects the outlook towards the future 
which could be construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in 
conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
 
With that, I would like to hand the floor over to Mr. Kamal Singal for his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Thank you. Good evening. A very warm welcome to everyone present on this call. 
Thank you for joining us today to discuss the operating and financial performance 
of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited for the quarter-ending June ’22. We believe, you 
must have got a chance to go through our revamped earnings deck uploaded on our 
website and stock exchange. I would like to begin by sharing my thoughts on real 
estate environment and broad highlights of the quarter. And then we'll have an 
opportunity to take questions from all of you and suggestions as well. 
 
While we remain watchful of the global risk, including the economic slowdown, 
which is happening in the United States, Europe, etc. and also the geopolitical 
issues arising from the Russian-Ukraine standoff, the impact of global economic 
headwinds on the Indian economy is yet to play out. Though inflationary trends 
have led to increased repo rate and higher prices, housing demand remains very 
strong across cities and product segments, which basically highlights the 
sustainability of the upcycle that we are seeing in the Indian housing sector.  
 
And this upcycle is here to stay, in my opinion. Unlike many of the Western 
countries, the demand for housing India is from very genuine home buyers and it is 
not speculative in nature. The demand for housing continues to be both from the 
first-time home buyers as well as from the buyers who are basically moving up the 
ladder and generally trying to upgrade their houses. The tailwinds for the real 
estate and especially organized branded developers are several including very 
steady rise income levels, wealth effect, joint family nuclearization, increasing 
share of household savings being directed into home purchases and the downfall of 
Tier 2-developers ecosystem with the GST and demonetization etc. which was a 
major economic push that government gave. With the governments focus on 
reforms to tighten the monetary policy and the economy, we can look forward to 
an even stronger real estate sector in future for sure.  
 
We believe that it is a great opportunity for a brand like Arvind with a legacy of 
more than 120 years of trust, dependability and impeccable corporate governance 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 3 
framework. The formalization and consolidation of real estate industry coupled 
with a very strong balance sheet that we have, significant headroom to raise funds, 
which is very important to know that we got a very significant headroom to raise 
funds, and an extremely strong execution record, all these put together put Arvind 
into a unique position to deliver great value in times to come. We continue to 
evolve as an exemplary customer-centric, technology-driven solution provider 
with design and innovation at its center. 
 
Coming to the performance, FY ‘23 has started on a very, very healthy note for 
ASL, which is basically continuing on the momentum achieved in the last financial 
year into Q1 of financial ‘23. This was our best-ever Q1 from a bookings 
perspective. Bookings for the quarter grew 8% year-on-year to INR 118 crore in 
Q1 ’23. Collection improved by 12% year-on-year at INR 133 crore, reflecting our 
continued focus on execution. We have taken measured price increases across 
projects, which were absorbed well by the markets. This highlights our improved 
sale ability of our projects and the rising brand equity of Arvind in real estate 
space as well. 
 
We're happy to announce that we have added a new project in our portfolio. This is 
our 14th project in Gujarat, a 44-acres plotting development in Bavlu Village in 
the outskirts of Gandhinagar with approximate 2 million square feet of saleable 
area with the top line of INR 150 crore. This will be an outright purchase of land 
deal, and it should be somewhere by the end of next quarter. 
 
While we are on the subject of business development, I would like to apprise 
everyone that we have exited the Bhugaon Project in Pune during the diligence 
process, due to technical feasibility challenges. As a group and a company, we 
place high importance to transparency, hence we had discussed this project earlier, 
and we had told about this project to everybody. However, due to technical reasons 
and approval issues, so we have decided to exit this project. To mitigate this, we 
have already taken some effective steps to fulfil the project pipeline gap created by 
this exit. Nevertheless, our focus on Pune as a market remains very, very strong, 
and we continue to evaluate more alternatives and deals. The company is 
rigorously working on extending the project pipeline across Bengaluru, 
Ahmedabad, and Pune, of course, including MMR in the future months.  
 
Moving from operational update to the financial highlights. In Q1, we reported 
revenues INR 60 crore, up 124% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter 
grew by 31% to INR 11 crore, PAT for the quarter grew 190% to INR 7.2 crore. 
Our balance position remains strong. As on June 30, 2022, our net debt remains 
negative at INR 92 crore. 
 
I'm very excited to share a very significant development which has taken place 
today. The company Board has approved our creation of INR 900 crore worth 
residential development platform with HDFC Capital Advisors. The proposed 
investment is such that ASL and HDFC will pump in or invest INR 300 crore and 
INR 600 crore respectively in this platform. This platform builds upon the success 
of the previous platform with HDFC Capital set in 2019, just before COVID. And 
this triples our capital investment abilities in short-term to medium-term, and in 
turn, create significant value for the shareholders. The fund will be utilized to 
acquire new projects for residential development in the cities of Ahmedabad, 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 4 
Bangalore, Pune and MMR. ASL will set up a separate SPV to house the projects 
under this platform.  
 
The platform will create an overall revenue potential of anything between INR 
4,000 crore to INR 5,000 crore, excluding reinvestment potential. We are already 
in advance phases of finalization of two projects, which are expected to be housed 
within this platform, and we further expect four to five such projects under this 
platform over the next 12-odd months. The platform is designed to generate a 
significant upside to ASL linked to project performance, and of course, this will 
add to our project pipeline in a very significant manner, and at the same time, we 
should be able to manage the risk profile of the balance sheet in a very efficient 
and effective way.  
 
To sum up, with a sustained traction in volumes, from a range of projects across 
locations in Ahmedabad, Bengaluru and Pune, we are very well poised to deliver 
significant growth this year. This will be supported by both the sustained sales 
traction in current projects, as well as new launches that are planned over the next 
few quarters in Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar and Bangalore. The real estate macro 
environment remains intact, optimistic and rather buoyant. The company is 
focused on capitalizing on this opportunity and boost the growth momentum in the 
ongoing year on our business development, launches, booking, collections etc. 
while maintaining a very, very strict financial discipline. With a strong brand, solid 
balance sheet, significant headroom to raise funds and a strong exhibition track 
record, the company is well-placed to create sustained value for its stakeholders.  
 
Thank you very much. And now we can move on to question-and-answer session, 
and we can take questions. 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and 
answer-session. The first question is from the line of Kirthi Jain from Canara 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
 
Kirthi Jain: 
Sir, my question is with regard to our two Bangalore projects, Devanahalli and 
Sarjapur, what is the progress and how close are we to launch these in current 
quarter? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So, these two projects are progressing very, very fast. As you know, Devanahalli, 
for example, is a project where land acquisition is done for phase one, etc. and it'll 
be of course launched in a couple of phases as the approvals come. So we are 
making bundles of land, getting the approvals for the minimum lot and launching 
it. And then subsequently we'll keep adding more land, which is already 
purchased, but the approvals are happening in sequence and that's how it will be 
launched. So as we speak we are very close to launching the project in 
Devanahalli, approvals are about to be complete, maybe we've covered up 95% of 
the process, land CLU etc. is already done, plan approval is almost about to be 
completed. The last step, which is left subsequent to that is RERA approval, which 
normally takes a month's time or so. So we are hopeful that touch-and-go within 
this quarter or maybe very, very early next quarter, we should be able to launch 
Devanahalli. 
 
And situation in Sarjapur is also similar, a little behind Devanahalli, but per se, the 
agreements and JVs, etc. are all done. Most of the land is already converted into 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 
CLU post our agreements etc. So that's the major part when it comes to overall 
timelines of a project launch. Now the final touches are being given to the plans, 
the architectural aspects of it, and subsequent to that, maybe this project should be 
getting launched, , after Devanahalli, given maybe a month, month and a half 
behind Devanahalli.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll move onto the next question that is on the line of Rithvik Sheth from One-
Up financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Sir, a few questions from my end. Firstly, on this fund with HDFC, so our 
economic interest will be 33%, is that understanding, right? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
See, this is obviously our third engagement or our partnership with HDFC Caps. 
The first was under the H-CARE 1 fund, through that fund we invested in this 
Devanahalli project. This is essentially that platform project that we just talked 
about. The second engagement, because by the time we could invest more, COVID 
struck and the funding actually kind of took a halt, but still the fund invested at the 
entity level in that case and we got INR 50-odd-crore invested by the fund at the 
entity level itself, they picked up into the company. And this is now the third 
arrangement that we are talking about which is of a very, very significant size and 
larger size than the previous ones. So the partnership goes from X to Y, which is 
significantly higher. Because the terms are yet to be signed and this should happen 
in next few days, we shall be in a position to share more details about that once 
that process is completed. Today, the Board has approved the broad contours of 
this potential partnership. And that's what we have been excited about sharing with 
all of you, but will definitely come back to you once the process completes, which 
is a few days away from now. 
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
So the thought process is, put in equity of about INR 900 crore and then leverage 
that to some extent and acquire projects which standalone balance sheet on the size 
which we could not do. So this will help us to increase the size of the projects as 
well, right?  
 
Kamal Singal: 
Absolutely. So, as you would've read through the communication that we have 
made, this is going to be a INR 900 crore platform. We are creating an SPV for 
this specific purpose, all the projects which we take where we co-invest, will be 
housed under that new SPV, and of course, this gives us, not only the dry powder 
required to take more projects, but as you very rightly said, this also gives us more 
strength to take up bigger, more value creating projects at a location, which until 
today we have been restricting ourselves to certain extent. Definitely even that 
aspect gets debottlenecked and we have more opportunities to find more valuable 
lands in that context. 
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Right. And sir since Arvind SmartSpaces would, they're developing a company for 
that, we would be getting some kind of fees and some project management 
services fees as well, right. Would that be fair? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Naturally. For a developer there has to be more than that, a developer invests in 
any arrangement, so that aspect has to be there. And that's what we look forward 
to, you know, when we get into such arrangement and that obviously is going to be 
something which is often, I mean, important to us and that's what is going to be 
happening operationally. 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 6 
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Right, and when do we expect to infuse this INR 300 crore from our end? Is there 
any timeline?  
 
Kamal Singal: 
So, this is simultaneous; infusions will happen simultaneously. For example, 
suppose we acquired a project which is worth INR 100 crore. Then obviously one-
third of that INR 33 crore from us and INR 67 crore from them will come 
simultaneously at the time of acquiring that project. So it basically is simultaneous 
to when that acquisition happens and both partners in their own ratio, 2:1 will 
invest and we have, of course in the INR 300 crore, it's something that is already 
there in the sense of availability, etc.  
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
This is encouraging, sir. This platform is getting leveraged after two, three 
engagements with them, right? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. 
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Sir, my next question is on the Pune project, what was the hurdle that we could not 
clear, or the landowners could not clear that you stepped aside, and did you lose 
any money on this or any deposits or any advances that? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
No, no, absolutely not. We don't get into any arrangement we have a potential to 
lose money for sure, we'll do the documentation right. We did pay some little 
amount of maybe couple of crore, INR 3 crore, INR 4 crore and we've got the 
money back. That is sure. 
The reasons were regulatory, related to some of the approvals of height, etc. The 
whole thing was not making that sense that we assumed at the time of acquiring 
the project and it came out that there could be restrictions, which will make the 
land less attractive and hence we decided to exit that project. 
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
And sir, my next question is on our existing projects. So what is the construction 
cost that is yet to be spent on the existing projects? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
I'll request Ankit to share that number. 
 
Ankit Jain: 
So, if you would refer to the Slide 19 of the information update, it has all the 
operating cash flows, which talks not at a project level, but at the category of the 
project in terms of completed, ongoing and yet to be launched. It gives the balance 
cost to be incurred for the company as a whole and thereby arriving at the 
estimated operating cash flow, which is at the EBITDA level for the company as 
of now. 
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Okay. Sorry, which slide is this? 
 
Ankit Jain: 
Slide number 19. 
 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Yes, there is a balance cost to incur. Okay. And sir, my last question is, can we 
expect enter into MMR market in FY ‘23? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So MMR, which we read along with Pune is definitely one of our new focus area. 
We have been doing a lot of scanning of the options available there, and that's how 
we came across the second project in Pune also, one is already underway, as you 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
all know, and the second didn’t happen because of these technical issues. We 
clearly have a focus and the idea is to start MMR for sure under this platform 
itself. So definitely within this year, we intend to have something going on either 
in Pune in addition to what we are doing or in MMR, which we read together as 
such. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kirthi Jain from Canara HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Kirthi Jain: 
Sir, my question was with regard to the capital allocation. So currently, we have 
INR 90-odd-crore in our balance sheet. Then we will be generating surplus as we 
complete our projects and recognize the profits at cash flow off that, so our cash 
balance will further get accreted. And then we have a unlevered balance sheet. So 
all these three put together, will allow INR 600 crore, INR 700 crore of resources. 
Then there is HDFC platform also. So how will be the priority of, where the 
capital will be taken, and how it'll be put sir? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So you read it right, including the leveraging capability and the headroom which 
exists numbers are already what you said. And HDFC platform means that from 
the funds and the headroom that we have around INR 300 crore need to go on the 
platform itself. So maybe something like a 50%, 60% of the internal resources that 
we have or we could mobilize goes towards the platform arrangement. So the 
platform becomes INR 900 crore in total, and then we'll still have dry powder to 
have some sort of another arrangement with a similar fund, or we do it on our own, 
etc. But the first priority will be to deploy these first INR 900 crore under the 
platform. And the clear focus is that in next few months we do that efficiently, and 
that obviously will happen between these three markets that we are doing. We're 
not going more horizontal. We are not doing newer geographies apart from the 
existing Bangalore, and thereof Gandhinagar, and now renewed focus on Pune and 
MMR markets. So these three major geographies will remain our focus, residence, 
of course, is broadly what we want to do. Mid-priced is something that we are very 
strong at, we've done quite a few projects, so that remains our priority. Of course, 
it'll be sprinkled with opportunistic luxury ones, and that's what we'll continue to 
do. INR 900 crore first under the platform and the rest of the dry powder is still 
there to do a few things on our own, or rather have more arrangements like the 
HDFC one to multiply the investment cycle. 
 
Kirthi Jain: 
Sure, sir. Sir, INR 900 crore will be through outright buyouts or, there will be JV 
JDs also, sir? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So it's a very good question, whatever numbers in the communication that we 
mentioned, it assumes that everything is buyout outright basis, but of course, we 
are free to do JDs. We are free to do JVs. In fact, we have had a strong track 
record of doing some very successful large JD developments since getting those 
projects. This includes our largest projects, like Uplands, Highgrove, Chirping 
Woods, Forreste etc. So we intend to definitely continue doing that. And if we do 
that and to the extent that we do that, the top line etc. will obviously multiply and 
this will also mean that return on equity etc. will be even higher because JDs are 
arrangement like that. The skin in game is smaller, he returns incommensurate way 
is a little higher. So we'll do, it’ll be a combination. We're not trying to predict to 
what extent it will be a mix of JDs etc. but on a conservative side, if you were to 
just invest everything on an outright basis, this entire INR 900 crore, this gives us 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
a potential of having a top line of around INR 4,000 crore to INR 5,000 crore. But 
having said, definitely this is something which is going to be coming in the form 
of JDs as well.  
 
Kirthi Jain: 
Sir, then this Bavlu project is passively launched right sir, informally launched 
right sir, as of now? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
 Yes, Bavlu project is kind of informally pre-launched, not launched. So we have 
not taken formal bookings, etc. but we have got expression of interest from their 
potential customers and got some sort of a commitment as well from. And the 
response has been phenomenal. You would know that, so that's right. 
 
Kirthi Jain: 
 Yes. It's called Arvind Fruits?  
 
Kamal Singal: 
 Fruits Of Life. 
 
Kirthi Jain: 
 Sir, just one last question, with permission. Sir, one thing is like are BD addition, 
there have been challenges, like what gives you confidence that going forward the 
BD addition can be strong sir, like from last October to August there has been no 
BD addition, which we have been able to demonstrate in a net-net apart from this 
Bavlu, which has come now so gives confident that going ahead BD will pick up 
in a very significant way, sir? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
You are right. Bavlu is one project that we've just added recently. And we have 
also expanded size of some of the projects. Those details we will share with you. 
Apart from that, there are two projects which should be concluded anytime from 
now, maybe next two to four weeks’ time, six weeks’ time, that's the expectation. 
As we speak, the entire focus of the company is BD. We’ve just concluded this 
platform arrangement. And as one of your previous speakers said, it also kind of 
gives us an opportunity to us to look for the sizes, which are bigger than what we 
have been doing till date. That means that it unlocks more options for us in the 
marketplace. some of the very, very successful launches that we've seen in the last 
1.5 years including Forreste, Highgrove etc. more and more landlords are showing 
very, very keen interest. Having said that, having fund is one thing. The other is 
that we need to have a very, very micro, micro scope, which scans to the extent we 
could derisk ourselves. So we always are a little conservative, but at the same time 
we are very, very aggressive in the marketplace. The entire team is panned out in 
these three geographies. The pipeline is strong. And there are a few projects, as I 
said, which are coming closer and closer to the final conclusion. We'll see the 
results in next couple of quarters. And the idea is to very, very aggressively deploy 
this INR 900 crore. That's the Key Result Area (KRA) for the entire organization 
and all of us. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of from Aditya Mehta from AP 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Mehta: 
Sir, my first question is on the revenue front. On a consol basis, I can see the 
income, I can see the income has drastically decreased and so is the PAT. Could 
you please throw some light on the reasons behind the same? 
 
 
Ankit Jain: 
You are referring quarter 4 versus quarter 1 one of current year. Correct? 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Aditya Mehta: 
Yes, sir. 
 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. So if you look at Y-o-Y, of course, has grown significantly from INR 27 
crore to 60 crore. Now in quarter 4 of last year, which is, March ending quarter, 
we had received completion certificate for two of the projects and hence we see a 
sudden increase revenue recognition in that quarter on a standalone basis. 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Aditya, this problem on a quarter-on-quarter basis we generally face because of the 
way the accounting standard now works. Lot of revenue gets recognized when you 
complete a new project. SmartSpaces is a company which is not having a very, 
very wide sort of set of projects at this point. And hence there are a few peaks and 
troughs coming in the books of account. That is why we generally would focus a 
little more on operational parameters like what is a fresh booking, what are the 
additions to the pipeline, what are the kind of collections happening, how much is 
the sustenance sale, how many projects we could launch, etc. etc. that gives a little 
better indication these peaks and troughs keep coming in P&L. And that's what 
Ankit was explaining you that last quarter Q4 of 2022, we suddenly had two 
projects that have been and a lot of revenues got recognized. So apart from these 
peaks and troughs broadly the business remains robust and we are recording very, 
very decent growth in all the operational parameters as we conduct our business at 
this point. 
 
Aditya Mehta: 
Okay. I understand. Thank you so much for explaining it so well. Sir, and my next 
question would be on the booking. So, the booking during the quarter remained 
subdued with modest 8% growth Y-o-Y, despite Q1 FY ‘22 being affected by the 
quarter. So, I would like to know the reason behind the same in parallel to that, are 
there any specific reasons for the dip in the bookings of Forreste? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So basically two questions. One is, the general booking levels. So we are into a 
sustenance phase in this period. So we haven't really accounted for or we've not 
really launched any new projects. They're all lined up, and Q2-Q3 we hope to 
expect a lot of action out there. We are very hopeful that we will be able to achieve 
a very significant growth over the last year's numbers, which was INR 600 crore in 
total for the year as a whole in terms of new bookings. But of course, this quarter 
has been a quarter without any new launch. So this was sustenance sales, so to say.  
 
The second question is about Forreste. Forreste, we launched four phases and in 
these four phases, we've launched significant component already, I think more than 
80%, 85% is already sold and the leftover inventory is now gradually getting 
liquidated. We are in the process of getting the final approvals and data approval 
actually, plan is already approved for the phase five of Forreste, which is going to 
be broadly the last phase of the project, and a very large one. When that happens, 
this will mean that more inventory is made available for sales. So primary reason 
of the dip is not the market or not any other reason, but the inventory availability 
itself, which will improve dramatically once we get the last phase up.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line from Rishikesh Oza from RoboCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, my first question is when exactly are we launching Devanahalli and Sarjapur 
project, like by this quarter 2 end or in quarter 3, can you please indicate? 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So I think we just an answered this question in the previous response. The idea is 
that we launch Devanahalli first, and that should happen more like end of this 
quarter or very, very early next quarter. And subsequent to that, Sarjapur is behind 
Devanahalli in terms of launch maybe 1.5 months, maximum 2 months. So within 
end of this quarter, or early quarter one project, and then by the middle of next 
quarter maybe Sarjapur. 
 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Okay. And once it is launched, would it be, you know, fair to say that we would 
see a very good bookings, maybe above our normal run-rate, which used to be INR 
150 crore, INR 160 crore, maybe more than that. 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So naturally when these big launches happen, and the project sizes are very decent, 
obviously we expect this INR 150 crore etc that number to be exceeded with very 
significant margin because this will be new launch sales. The current sale of INR 
118 crore is broadly, the sustenance sale, of course, these should be over and about 
these kind of numbers, the new launch sales. 
 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Okay. And sir, if you could give any broad revenue execution and EBITDA better 
margin guidance for this year. 
 
Kamal Singal: 
We don't give guidance on the margins, etc. But I think we have shared quite a few 
details in our investor’s presentation, there are quite a few data points out there, 
which should help you in understanding the overall product mix and the segment 
mix, etc. If you need any more clarification specifically on any of the data points, 
you can always get in touch with us and we'll try to help you to the extent possible. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chaitanya Shah from Silverline Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Chaitanya Shah: My question is on Aavishkaar project your presentation mentions that there are 
still around 2 lakhs square feet of inventory to be sold. And this is a part of a 
completed project. So just want to understand why is there a significant amount of 
unsold inventory still left? I mean, are we facing some problems in selling this 
project? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Chaitanya, thanks for your question. Great question. Aavishkaar is one of our 
projects, which is in that ultra-low-cost segment, the product, there is priced 
somewhere around INR 25 lakhs to INR 30 lakhs. So the lowest price point that 
you hit anywhere in our project portfolio till date. The project is a beautiful one 
and it caters to the segment of society which possibly needs the housing the most. 
While the sales velocity has not been as great as what we would've liked it to be or 
what we've been achieving, particularly in every other project, but the same time, 
despite challenges, this project was sold almost like two-third by the time the 
buildings came up and the project got completed from the finality point of view. 
We just started handing over and we are very hopeful that the velocity should 
improve from here on, visibility is now something that people can start coming in 
and living there. 
 
The other reason or plausible explanation to this could be that COVID affected the 
lower strata the most, even the interest rates affected the lower strata the most. 
And this is one of our rare projects which happen to be in that segment of ultra-

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
low cost. The rest of our entire pipeline of whatever projects we are doing in any 
of our cities are either mid-priced or upper-mid-priced. So they start something 
like, INR 50 lakh, INR 60 lakh, INR 70 lakh onwards 2 BHKs and 3 BHKs, which 
are more like a INR 1 crore, and then we have a luxury portfolio which starts from 
something like INR 2 crore to INR 10 crore, INR 15 crore. This was the only 
exception. So, there have been challenges, COVID has affected this segment a 
little more, but fortunately for us, we've recovered mostly our costs, etc. We sold 
two-third of it and velocity should increase. But having said, this is not our core 
sector, and we are really focusing on mid-sized affordable housing rather than 
ultra-low-cost affordable housing. That's where we are today. 
 
Chaitanya Shah: Okay. And also, I was expecting more of, you know, the revenues to be the 
booking values to be recognized for Oasis and Aavishkaar, but only a small 
portion has been recognized even this quarter. So just want to understand why was 
that? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Ankit can you explain this? 
 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes, sure. So both for Oasis and Aavishkaar, there are certain payments plan, 
which are linked to handover of the units. So we are expecting those collections as 
soon as we handover these units in the coming months. And because the BU 
(Building Usage Permission) was received recently, the project final finishing 
stages are almost near to completion. We have already started the process of 
handover for these units. So as soon as the handover is done, then we expect these 
units to be get cleared. And secondly, from a bank's funding perspective, the bank 
disburses the last leg only when the final handover or the possession letter is given 
to the customer. 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So in a nutshell Chaitanya, and if I were to rephrase or restate what Ankit said, the 
final recognition happens with the receipt of final 5% odd at the time of handover. 
When the project gets ready, normally people take a little longer to react and take 
possession, because they have to cough up two things, one is this 5% and the other 
is 6% odd of stamp duty, which is a little bit of a strain. So it takes little time 
before customers start taking aggressively the possessions. And hence there is 
always a lag that we've seen that the time when the handovers really pick up and 
the time that the due has come.. We should plug this gap very quickly. And of 
course, we are putting quite a bit of efforts for people to come forward and get the 
sales deed done, registrations done. The moment that happens when we receive the 
final payments, recognition happens. But of course, this is a little slow, basically 
handing over the apartments to the clients, and this should pick up. 
 
Chaitanya Shah: Understood. And latest addition the Bavlu, Gandhinagar project that you 
mentioned, do you expect to launch this in this financial year itself? Or will it spill 
over the next financial year? 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Of course. This financially year for sure. I mean, next quarter it should be all done.  
 
Chaitanya Shah: No, I'm talking about launching. 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. Yes, Launching, of course. 
 

 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
                                                                                                                                        August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Kamal Singal for his closing comments. 
 
Kamal Singal: 
On behalf of all of us, thank you very much everybody for participating in this 
earning call of Arvind SmartSpaces, for your continuous support and attendance. I 
hope we have been able to address most of your queries. However, if we have 
missed out on any of your questions, kindly you reach out to our Investor 
Relations team and they will connect with you offline.  
 
                               Speaking of investor relations, Vikram Rajput, who is there in our call at this point 
has joined us as Head of Investor Relations. He brings with him an extensive 
knowledge of public equity markets, and proven experience as an Investor 
Relations Officer in real estate industry. We look forward to working closely with 
him and further enhance our engagement with the investors and financial 
community. We wish him very best in his role.  
 
                               That concludes my remarks. Look forward to interacting with everyone in the next 
quarter, and thank you very much once again, for your participation.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. Since it is a 
transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort 
has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
 
 
