Repco 
Home Finance 
REPCO HOME FINANCE LIMITED. 
(Promoted by Repco Bank-Govt. of India Enterprise) 
CIN : L65922TN2000PLC044655 
RHFL/SE/39/2022-23 
The BSE Ltd, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
26th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
BSE Security Code: 535322 
Kind Attn: Listing Department 
22" August, 2022 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai- 400051 
NSE Symbol: REPCOHOME 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investor Conference Call held on 17th August, 2022 
Ref: Our letters No. RHFL/SE/35/2022-23 dated 12th  August, 2022 and RHFL/SE/37/2022- 
23 dated 17th  August, 2022 	
. 
In continuation to our above referred letters, please find attached the Transcript of Analyst/ 
Investor conference call/earnings call held on 17th August, 2022. 
The aforesaid Transcript will be made available on the Company's website 
www.repcohome.com. 
This intimation is submitted pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Repco Home Finance Limited 
e-1 
Ankush Tiwari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Corporate Office: 3rd Floor, Alexander Square, New No : 2 (Old No. 34 & 35 ) Sardar Patel Road, Guindy, Chennai - 600 032. 
Phone : 044 - 42106650 Fax : 044 -42106651 E-mail : co@repcohome.com, www.repcohome.com  
Registered Office :REPCO TOWER',No : 33, North Usman Road, T.Nagar, Chennai - 600 017. Phone : 044-28340715 / 4037 /2845 

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Repco Home Finance Limited Q1 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. SWAMINATHAN – MD & CEO, REPCO HOME 
FINANCE LIMITED. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJIV MEHTA – YES SECURITIES 
 
 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentleman, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Repco Home Finance hosted by YES Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining on this call. We thank the Management for 
giving us this opportunity to host 1st Quarter FY'23 Earnings Call of Repco. We have with us 
Mr. K. Swaminathan - MD & CEO and the entire Senior Management team. Without much ado, 
I would invite Mr. K. Swaminathan to start the proceedings with initial remarks on the company's 
performance, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you sir. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Welcome to everybody. Good morning, Good evening, wherever you are. Welcome to this 
conference call for the quarter-ended June 30th, 2022, on behalf of the Company, I extend a warm 
welcome to all of you and thank you for joining us. 
I would like to recall whatever we said three months back, wherein we expected that the 
Company will get back to its growth path. I am happy to announce that after two subdued 1st 
Quarter performances in the last two years, maybe because of COVID, but we have reported 
strong performance in the June quarter and have started this fiscal on a positive note. 
Business activity has picked up handsomely. The loan sanctions and disbursements returning 
handsome sequential growth, loan sanctions have increased 6% sequentially to about Rs. 692 
crores from Rs. 652 crores. And disbursements have increased 7% sequentially to about Rs. 642 
crores as compared to about Rs. 601 crores in Quarter 4 of '22. 
Though strictly not comparable, because we had COVID situation last year, loan sanctions and 
disbursements registered an exponential growth of 236% and 168% respectively, as compared 
to Q1 of last year. 
The loan book however has not moved much owing to high prepayment over the last 12 months. 
I am happy to announce that our well directed efforts have caused the total repayment rate to 
drop 3% sequentially in the 1st Quarter. The annualized repayment ratio, including regular 
repayments, which stood about 21% in Q4 of '22, has moderated to 18% in Q1 of '23. We would 
strive to maintain this ratio at similar levels going forward. 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
On the profitability front, we reported loan spreads of 3.3% and 4.6% above our debtor level 3% 
and 4.3% respectively. 
On interest paid there has been a sequential reduction due to retainment of a few high cost of 
borrowing. However, the reported yield fell sequentially as our concurrent focus on growth and 
asset quality made us to take a couple of business decisions, which caused a sequential drop in 
interest income owing to your ROE reduction that too because we wanted to retain some good 
quality customers. We have waived some penal interest in some cases in case of NPA cost. We 
have offered some concessional fees to acquire new customers. 
In addition, the recovery technically written off cost were lower in the current quarter as 
compared to the March quarter. Our Stage II assets have also come down sequentially, that is a 
positive point, which indicates that there is a lower penalty generation as well as penalty 
appropriation. However, the lending yields have not fallen much and we will go up hopefully in 
the subsequent quarters. Average yields in the book have fallen from 10.3% to 10.23%. I expect 
the spreads and the margin to remain higher than allocated band in FY'23. 
The profit has grown 93% year-on-year to about Rs. 62 crores as against Rs. 22 crores in the 
previous year. 
The GNPA, the gross NPAs have declined about 60% to 6.4% sequentially. The NNPA has 
fallen by 70 basis points, now stands at 4.2%. GNPA provision coverage registered at 5% 
sequential improvement to 37%. Overall, ECL provision remains steady at about 4% of the loan 
book. 
In addition to our statutory provisions, we also have made a provision of Rs. 20 crores to meet 
any requirement on account of slippages in restructured books. These provisions are floating in 
nature and will be utilized to make asset specific provision in the subsequent quarters. 
The restructuring window or OTR onetime restructuring assets have got over in Q1 FY'23 and 
regular billings have started for these accounts. The asset quality outcomes will be known in Q2 
and thereafter. The asset are in Stage I or Stage II now. We are trying our best to minimize the 
slippages to NPA and we will give you an update in the next call. 
As far as earnings are concerned, we earned an ROA of 2.1% against 1.6% last quarter. And 
then ROE of 11.9% versus 9.6% in the Quarter 4 FY'22. The recovery in return ratios was 
attributable to improving business performances, as well as lowering of credit costs. 
The balance between our exposure to self-employed and salaried segment stood at around 51% 
and 48.8%, more or less at the same level. The share of non-housing loan that is left, that is also 
more or less at the same level, and it's around 19.4% of the loan book. 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Cost to income ratio stood at about 23.9% in Q1. 
The capital adequacy ratio is comfortable at 34.2 %, of which Tier I was 33.2%. 
Our retail network comprised of 158 branches and 22 satellite centers. As stated earlier, we have 
resumed our network expansion during the current quarter, we are doing some surveys, 
hopefully, there will be some new branched opening or new satellites center opening in the 3rd 
or 4th Quarters in the current year. 
Liquidity continues to remain comfortable for us as we have carried around Rs. 273 crores of 
cash and cash equivalents at the end of June 22. In addition, we have Rs. 1,900 crores of 
unutilized lines of credit. 
In Summary 
The loan book has stood at Rs. Rs. 11,862 crores registering a 1% sequential growth. Creating 
as such 93% year-on-year to Rs. 62.1 crore, and sequentially the growth is 48%. ROA and ROE 
stood at 2.1% and 11.9% respectively. Core profitability has remained strong with a strong 
spreads and margins of 3.3% and 4.6%, respectively. NPA stood 6.4% with the coverage ratio 
of 37%. 
With this I conclude. And the entire Management team is ready to answer any of your queries. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Akash Jain from MoneyCurves. Please go ahead. 
Akash Jain: 
First of all, I think we are happy that it seems that the Company has finally turned the corner in 
terms of AUM growth as well as a little bit on the credit cost side as well. So, I think hopefully, 
this is sustained. But like you mentioned after a few quarters of really not so good numbers, I 
think finally we have seen some good numbers. So, I think congratulations for the Management 
team for and especially to Mr. Swaminathan, who seems to have really picked up since he has 
joined. So, congratulations from our side to the Management team. 
I have a couple of questions, like always I focus on two things. One is credit cost and the other 
is on growth. On the credit cost, I think you have clearly mentioned that the whole restructured 
book of Rs. 700 crores has now opened up for regular payments. But clearly any slippages will 
only start to reflect from Q2 onwards. But from the early trends, so we as investors be little 
worried about because that's a fairly large book of Rs. 700 crores of restructured book is a large 
book. 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
So, are there any early stage warnings in terms of slippages in that book? Is there something we 
need to be a little cautious about, because you have already created a Rs. 20 crore of coverage 
and as I am assuming is for the restructured book, but are you seeing or is there any worry about 
slippages about coming from that book? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Let me be very clear as far as credit cost is concerned, whatever we have already projected, I 
mean Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores for the entire year, we still maintain. As far as credit 
provisions are concerned we do not think that we will make additional provision at this Rs 80 
crores to Rs. 100 crores that we have already budgeted. 
Yes, as far as numbers are concerned, I am still keeping my fingers crossed. I do not want to 
give any false hopes. Yes, Rs. 700 crores are there, but we are striving our best. We hope we 
will be able to contain the NPA percentage as much as possible, at least to an extent of 7% or 
something, but I am unable to give you any clear guidance as far as GNPA numbers are 
concerned for the 2nd Quarter. 
But as far as provisions are concerned, yes, we are somewhat comfortable. This Rs. 20 crores 
that we have provided is only a cushion. We have made a cushion of this Rs. 20 crores. So, for 
provision wise, we do not think there will be an issue. But GNPA number I do not want to give 
any guess as far as this credit cost is concerned. 
As far as growth is concerned, I am thankful for the compliments made, yes, growth has started, 
I am happy to share with all the listeners. Why I am happy is, the good has happened, not just in 
one center or one branch, throughout the country, I am seeing some momentum, nearly some 
80% to 85% has participated in the growth in the 1st Quarter. And I am seeing the momentum 
continuing in the current quarter as well. 
So, as far as business growth is concerned, we are happy that this will continue in the current 
quarter as well. And not only that, see even the ticket size is improving, from around Rs. 14.5 
lakhs which was earlier, now the present ticket size for the current quarter, I think it is ranging 
from Rs. 16 lakhs to 18 lakhs per ticket, which means slowly we are moving up in the ladder as 
far as ticket size is concerned. So, average ticket size also may go gradually in the coming days. 
But for the GNPA numbers, we are gung-ho about the current quarter as well as the forthcoming 
quarters. 
Akash Jain: 
I have just two follow up questions more like data points. So, in the Q1, how much slippages we 
had because clearly there was a reduction in Stage III. So, I am assuming there is some slippage 
and some recoveries. So, can you give us a sense of how much was the slippage and how much 
was recovery in Q1? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes, Q1 slippages was Rs. 104 crores, recovery was Rs. 165 crores. 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Akash Jain: 
This Rs. 101 crore slippage, that is not coming from the restructured books that is coming outside 
of the restructured book. 
K. Swaminathan: 
It is a small amount from restructured book maybe around Rs. 15 crores to Rs. 20 crores, I do 
not have the exact number. Because we did restructure in two or three stages, a small restructure 
was done earlier, which fell due in the 1st quarter itself, maybe some Rs. 15 crores to Rs. 20 
crores maybe of the restructured book out of this Rs. 104 crores. 
Akash Jain: 
And I think in the last quarter, in the con-call you had guided that by the end of the year, we 
were probably at Rs. 810 crore GNPA number at the end of FY'22. And in your conference call 
said that your endeavor is to get that number to about Rs. 700 crores at an overall number for 
Stage III by the end of the year, both from recoveries as well as some slippages were there but 
your effort was that we will get that Rs. 800 crore down to Rs. 700 crore, do you think that is 
still possible, given the trends you are seeing overall in terms of slippages? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes, we still feel that we will be able to make it. (Inaudible 00:13:50) Only thing is for the first 
two quarter there is an issue. But still two quarters are left for the year to end, so we are hopeful 
we still maintain Rs. 700 crores. 
Akash Jain: 
So, there will be a possibility that Q2 slippages will be slightly higher. But then we will have the 
rest of the year, two good coverage that we have done in Q1, the strong recovery we have seen 
in Q1. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes possible that will be recouped in the next two quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Given the sort of growth that you have looked at in the 1st Quarter and in the current quarter, is 
there any updated guidance on where we want to reach in terms of FY'23 loan book. I think in 
the last quarter the expectation was around Rs. 13,000 crores. 
K. Swaminathan: 
We maintain that we expect a growth of 10% to 11% in the loan book, we do not want to change 
as of now. We still maintain Rs. 13,000 crores loan book by FY'23 and if at all there are any 
changes over the next quarter. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
But as of now you feel confident that we can reach there? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes, I am optimistic. 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And this Rs. 80 crore to Rs. 100 crore credit cost guidance, this includes the sort of floating 
provisions that we have created of Rs. 20 crores odd this year right. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
On the other side, I was looking at your employee cost etc. and that also has been fluctuating a 
lot on a YoY or QoQ basis. So, are there any initiatives on the cost side, especially the employee 
cost side that we were planning earlier, which we are planning to bring from the current quarter 
which will have an impact on your cost to income. 
K. Swaminathan: 
In fact, we had budgeted an increase in employee costs if you recall, I think even the first call 
we had told. There may be an increase in employee costs overall, because the salary revision is 
due. We are also going for some recruitments and all that. There will be an increase in employee 
costs in the current year. 
See if you will see year-on-year there is an increase in employee cost, only because the previous 
year, the first two quarters, there was more work from home and all that. So, employee costs and 
the travel expenses for employees were less, and the salary encashment and things like that were 
less. So, technically, it's not comparable, the employee costs between Q1 of FY'22 and Q1 of 
FY'23 is not all that comparable. In fact, there is a small reduction sequentially, in the employee 
costs of Rs. 2 to Rs. 3 crores that is a small reduction. But going forward, there might be a small 
increase in the current quarter, as well as a bigger increases in next two quarters because some 
salary revision is also due, but hopefully the income increased anticipated income will take care 
of all this. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And then finally, on the repayment and prepayment side, so, I understood you gave some 
comments in the beginning, but if you can throw some more light. So, one of course, is we are 
trying to not let-go of our good customers so maybe we are reducing the yields for them. And 
that might be one of the reason why your repayment, prepayment has come down. But what are 
the other sorts of things that you have done in this quarter? And if you can guide on this annual 
repayment, you said 18%, so does it include all the sources like prepayment as well as scheduled 
repayments, which is included in this 18%? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes, this 18% whatever was said, it includes everything, it includes a normal repayment. Some 
bulk repayments being made by our existing customers. Normal closures of the account by your 
existing customers, as well as last the prepayment or the takeover business the BTs all these are 
included in this 18%, this is one. 
So, again, this percentage is coming down, that is prepayment or the takeover percentage is 
coming down sequentially. Hopefully, we will be able to maintain that downward trend in the 
coming quarters as well. So, many activities are being done. One such thing is giving an interest 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
concession wherever warranted, wherever we feel that there is a requirement to retain that 
customer that is one. 
Second one we have taken up the CIBIL also to see, wherever our customers are approaching 
other institutions for any of the facilities and all that. So, that we get a warning and we ask our 
branches to contact these customers to see that (Inaudible 00:19:01) as much as possible. 
Third one, we have started maintaining contact with all of our existing customers, even though 
your customer may not have been given facilities by the present branch Management, still they 
have been asked to maintain contact with the even existing customers so that a relationship is 
built. So, any new requirements of the existing customers first call will be our company. So, 
with all this we expect going forward, the BTs to come down. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And on the parallel side, on the liability side, are there any initiatives, for example, increase in 
the NHB exposure, etc., that we are doing which can help us sort of retain the spreads that we 
were having last year. 
K. Swaminathan: 
We take a commercial call, whether it is NHB or a commercial bank we take a commercial call. 
Frankly speaking even today, NHB is also increasing rate, because of Repo rate increases 
whereas some of our lenders, it is all MCLR based. So, this Repo rates are immediately 
transferred in our MCLR cost. So, we take a commercial call whenever we require funds whether 
to take from NHB or whether to take from a commercial bank or from our parent, a commercial 
call is taken, overall the interest is to see that our cost is less. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Nitesh Jain from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitesh Jain: 
Two questions, firstly on the yields, what is the reason for yields decline on a sequential basis? 
And how should we think about margins and the spreads going forward? 
Second is, can you share the Stage II number at the end of June quarter. 
And thirdly, what is the quantum of standard restructured book as of June '22? 
K. Swaminathan: 
The second and third question, can I take it offline because I do not have the exact numbers with 
me. The restructured book originally was Rs. 700 crores, it has come down, actually the standard 
restructured book has come down, but I do not have the exact number as of 30th June. 
For your yield question, let me answer, the yield has come down not really because of a repricing 
of some of the loans, it is because of multiple factors. One is repricing as I had already told, we 
wanted to retain some of our good customers not to leave so, we have repriced that is one. 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Second one, the penalties for example, wherever there is a Stage II reduction, I think you would 
agree there is a Stage II reduction numbers. Wherever there is a Stage II is reduced, the penalty 
generation also get reduced to the extent repayments going towards penalties also get reduced. 
So, our penalty income has come down in this quarter, second. 
Then recoveries in technically returned off accounts has come down this is one. Then we do not 
have any Repo linked loans. So, there is a lag effect between our Repo revision. So, this way 
also there is an interest income reduction. So, all these factors put together, there is income 
reduction. So, it is not necessarily because we have given some concessions. We have not passed 
on the entire Repo revision to our interest briefing. This is one of the reasons why interest rate 
has come down especially in the 1st quarter, we have not repriced. 
Nitesh Jain: 
How do we look at full year margins and spreads? 
K. Swaminathan: 
I think we maintain that 4.3% and 3% spread that we maintain. We will be maintaining. 
Hopefully in the coming quarter this interest reduction may not be to this level, hopefully. 
Nitesh Jain: 
And lastly on what is the aspiration in terms of ROA and ROE of the Company on a steady state? 
This quarter, we had lower margin, some impact on trade costs, but on a steady state basis how 
should we think about ROA and ROE? 
K. Swaminathan: 
ROA 2.2% ROE is 12%. 
Nitesh Jain: 
So, aspiration is to maintain these numbers going forward. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes, as of now it is 2.1% and 11.9% respectively, and we maintain that as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Intra Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
What will be the impact of this RBI November circular as well as like modification to 15th 
February circular after 31st September? So, do we have to do additional provisioning? If you can 
explain it a little bit more since I am not fully aware, like do we have to do additional 
provisioning regarding that or what will be the actual impact on the P&L basically? 
K. Swaminathan: 
So, RBI circular doesn't require us to make any additional provision. RBI circular only said an 
account cannot be upgraded unless the entire over dues are recovered, that is entire overdue are 
recovered which means earlier NBFCs can upgrade for whether the over dues are less than 90 
days, that particular feature has been withdrawn. So, an account cannot be upgraded unless the 
entire over dues are recovered that is the only feature of this RBI circular. So, earlier NBFCs, 
including our Company, we used to upgrade whenever the over dues are less than 90 days. That 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
particular facility is not there now, that is the only issue, but as far as provisioning is concerned 
all are same. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
What? 
K. Swaminathan: 
As far as provisioning is concerned there is no differentiation. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
So, in that case we have to show higher GNPA, that is the only thing or is there any other impact 
on the P&L. That's my only understanding? 
K. Swaminathan: 
GNPA has to go up, in fact it has already gone up in our Company, we have already recognized 
all these accounts in the December 21 quarter itself, that is why our GNPA has suddenly gone 
up from around 4.5% level to around 7% level. So, it is only because of GNPA and naturally 
because GNPA the provisioning as the credit cost for the closed accounts. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
In our case, there won't be any impact? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Going forward, whatever is the impact because of the November 21 circular that that has already 
been factored in our figures. In fact, in December '21 itself we have taken into account. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
And this is a onetime impact only? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Rishikesh: 
My first question is if you could provide a loan book growth guidance for this year. 
K. Swaminathan: 
We have given a projection of 10% to 11% --. And the loan book of Rs. 13,000 crores. As of 
now we maintain whatever the guidance was given. 
Rishikesh: 
And what is the branch of growth guidance basically? So, you said you will be expanding the 
branches, if you could give some numbers, how many branches are we looking to open this year 
and maybe even next year? 
K. Swaminathan: 
I am unable to give you the numbers. But I can tell you, we have started the process. We have 
asked our people also to do surveys and all this. Once we get the reports maybe during the 3rd 
Quarter current quarter or the next quarter, we will take it up, some of the places where we can 
start opening branches and all that and maybe in the next conference call we may be able to give 
you some numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bunty Chawla from IDBI. Please go ahead. 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Bunty Chawla: 
Can you share the standard restructured assets outstanding as of Q1 FY'22. And secondly, how 
much is the provisioning against these restructure has been done? 
K. Swaminathan: 
See I don't have the exact numbers for this, it should be 700 minus, maybe around Rs. 150 I do 
not have exact numbers maybe offline I will be able to give you the numbers. As far as provision 
is concerned, whatever was the required provision as per RBI circular that we have already 
provided, at the time of restructuring we have already provided. As per additional cushion, we 
have provided a Rs. 20 crores provision in the current quarter, though it is not required in the 
current quarter, we still have made a provision of Rs. 20 crores. Going forward we anticipate 
another Rs. 20 crores perhaps that is in the second quarter. I am unable to give you the numbers 
as far as the likely slippages unless I know the likely slippages I cannot give you the likely 
provisions as well. 
Bunty Chawla: 
So, one clarification just this Rs. 20 crores which you have said is not included in the 
provisioning against restructuring, it’s altogether a separate, we have done, right. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
In terms of growth you have kind of articulated your target for this year, and I am sure you are 
looking at even better growth next year. So, besides the fact that macro is doing well, there's a 
lot of housing demand. So, besides the macro lift, what are the operational or enabling changes 
that we are doing in our operations, which will lead to faster growth, which can drive growth on 
a more sustainable or a permanent basis? If you can just kind of elaborate on few important 
changes, it could be from an employee perspective, it could be from an operations perspective 
and even more from the asset quality rigor side also, if you are trying to kind of tighten or make 
the operations more rigorous. 
K. Swaminathan: 
We have done so many things, in the system itself. Only our CIBIL score, every CIBIL score is 
improving, the asset as far as the quality is concerned, we will not take anything less than 550 
and all that. Happy to announce that as of now, above 650 if CIBIL score above 650 itself is 
more than 90% as of now, that is one thing. So, quality we have mandated that it should be 
maintained whatever be the growth, this is one. 
Then second some simplification of processes, we have done in our legal. Earlier there used to 
be a legal requirement, even for any loan over Rs. 15 lakhs now we have made it Rs. 25 lakhs, 
one. Second, we have made the quality also to be sure, because we have asked all our people, 
especially our legal people, as well as our underwriting team, to visit these places to verify the 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
properties, to verify the title lease on the spot. So, that things become faster and on the spot 
decisions can be made, this is second. 
Third one we have done decentralization whereby some of our regions, we have seven regions, 
some of our regions heads have been given powers in the current quarter, whereby the loans can 
be sanctioned at their level itself, up to a particular limit, it can be sanctioned at the regional 
level itself, it may not come to head office. 
Fourth, that you are asking about this quality issue, so we have made a two tier structure in 
sanctioning in our head office, whereby a person will recommend, another person will sanction 
these are maintained. Then post sanction also, before the loan is disbursed, we verify whether 
all the formalities, all the documents, all the title lease and all the issues have been done, the 
green signal is given by the head office before it is given. 
So, one we are simplifying the process of loan underwriting. Two we have seen that all the 
processes are in place, so that we do not get into any early slippages. So, both ways, we are doing 
things. We are hopeful that things will improve. And we are also improving our DSA structure 
earlier DSA used to be less now we have simplified the process of DSA recruitment. So, that 
channel is also expected to give us more numbers in the coming quarters. So, all these are 
qualitative figures, but hopefully all these will give us numbers. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
What is the DSA proportion? I mean, what was the DSA proportion and where do we see it in 
the future? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Today it is around 18%. And hopefully it will be around 20% to 25% by the year end. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And then, besides DSA, any other loan activity that we plan to add or any other new sales 
channel, do we plan to have? 
K. Swaminathan: 
There is also a DSA channel that is already there, that is there are still trainees who are our 
offload employees, they are already there that is also there. And we do not plan our (Inaudible 
00:35:01) immediately. We are seeing some new logins that are improving, hopefully going 
forward once the growth picks up momentum, maybe we can pick up other channels as well. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
On attrition in employees, right, so since you have come in February and it's been now four to 
five months, have you seen any reduction in attrition at the ground level at the branches? And 
what are the steps --? 
K. Swaminathan: 
I don’t have the exact numbers, but I am seeing a reduction in attrition that much I can tell you. 
And I can also tell you that we have started recruiting as well, especially in areas where we have 
found some deficiency in number, so we have started recruiting. We have done an All India 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
recruitment during the month of April and May. And we are also even now recruiting in the local 
level, at the branch level or the centers where we require people. So, this way we ensure that all 
the branches are adequately staffed, probably for business for recovery as well. So, attrition I 
don't have the exact numbers, attrition to my knowledge, it has come down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Geetika Gupta from ICICI Prudential. Please go ahead. 
Geetika Gupta: 
Wanted to check on the disbursements for this quarter, was it fully organic or there was some 
portfolio buyouts as well? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes there were some portfolio buyout as well madam. 
Geetika Gupta: 
Can you quantify it? And what is the strategy behind the same? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Madam this is one way of increasing our book. We have made a small purchase of around Rs. 
70 crores and it was more commercial call, we took a commercial call, we wanted to increase 
that’s all. And going forward also we will not shy away from this full purchase if required. 
Geetika Gupta: 
Would it be possible to share from whom did you buy the portfolio, and how did you go about 
the due diligence? 
K. Swaminathan: 
I think I better skip that, we do not want to give the commercial details, it is not fair. 
Geetika Gupta: 
But this is something that could continue in the future as well, right, that’s a part of your loan 
strategy. Would that be fair to assume? 
K. Swaminathan: 
If required, we will take a call depending on our requirement. If our growth book is otherwise 
sufficient, we may not have this particular strategy. So, we will take a call depending on the 
requirement. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amish Thakkar from Siguler Guff India 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Amish Thakkar: 
I just wanted to ask a couple of questions. One was on the ROA and ROE projections, while Mr. 
Swaminathan you mentioned that you will maintain the last quarter’s numbers. But given if you 
are expecting 10% to 11% growth and reduction in GNPA, these numbers might look very 
different and much improved than what was reported in Q1, because what I am gathering from 
our conversation so far is things are only going to improve whereas NIM and spread is going to 
be maintained versus Q1. So, if you could maybe ask Bala and your planning team to work on 
the ROA and ROE projections and share it with us later on, that will be very helpful. Because 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
my sense is it should definitely be much improved than this. And FY21 as well as the company 
was at 2.4% to 2.5% ROA and 18% ROE. 
K. Swaminathan: 
See our thinking is better to be realistic than be optimistic. So, we would like to maintain the 
same, but one thing we do not want to increase our credit cost beyond this Rs. 100 crores which 
we have budgeted that is one thing for sure. And if there is a requirement to reduce our interest 
rate to retain a customer, we will continue to do that. On the spread we want to maintain at least 
above 3% that is for sure. All the things we want to maintain, hopefully, because of all these 
things, if our yields and ROA and ROE improve well and good. 
Amish Thakkar: 
And on the purchase of loan and loan tool assets, if the underwriting and the criteria under which 
you are procuring these loan tools in terms of spread and there is hopefully not enough costs and 
there is enough SLDG or there is some over collateralization, shouldn't you pursue this as a very 
focused strategy irrespective of how organic growth is happening through the branches. So, the 
branch managers and the regional heads do have a target in terms of how much you aspire to 
grow by, which is 10% to 15% net of repayments, but you can turbo charge that growth by the 
small pool purchase, while it's and I am just complimenting you for doing that in Quarter 1, but 
it could be taken up as a sustainable strategy if the risk parameters are maintained well and it's 
not diluting the spread that you want to maintain, because this hopefully will not come at any 
cost of managing the book. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Okay we will definitely look into, I am thankful for your suggestions, we will take a call let's 
see in those pool buyout, there will be a reduction in spread compared to our branch book. So, 
we have to take a call depending on because there will be reduction in cost, the cost of a loan 
will be less in a pool buyout, cost of giving a loan. So, we will take a commercial call, depending 
on the need. But our primary focus will be on branch, focused business branch induced business. 
Amish Thakkar: 
And if I may ask, is there a specific team who is driving the loan pool buyout, or it's all 
opportunistic, as you had mentioned, but that does not take away focus from the business that’s 
on the regional head. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes, it’s head office team lead by Mr. Bala as well as our accounts department. It is done at the 
head office level. 
Amish Thakkar: 
And what sort of over collateralization that you are getting or what sort of credit collateral are 
you able to get in such deeds, if I may ask? 
K. Swaminathan: 
So, we don’t have any specific number, collateral, there are not any collateral no, it is direct 
assignment. 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Amish Thakkar: 
Direct assignment, okay, it's a principal only structure but they would put some cash collateral, 
or there is no cash collateral or over collateralization involved? 
K. Swaminathan: 
Whatever the principal security (Inaudible 00:42:30) so the average LTV is 41%. 
Amish Thakkar: 
And the average yield on the portfolio would be much higher than what you are paying. So, the 
kind of excess interest also becomes like a collateral for the purchaser, right. 
K. Swaminathan: 
See, let us not get into the details of the particular….see that’s what I said, see we will take a 
call based on the numbers, based on the quality of the pool and all that. 
Bala: 
Regarding ROE guidance of 12% and ROA guidance of 2.2%, it assumes we provide Rs. 100 
crores this year. 
Amish Thakkar: 
But this would tantamount to what sort of PAT for the year the 2.2% ROA you are talking about 
net income or profit after tax or in the zip code of Rs. 260 to Rs. 280 crores right or more actually. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes, I will give you the number, see it is purely an estimate, but we will give you the numbers. 
Amish Thakkar: 
Yes, sure, this is just an estimate, we are not holding you on to a particular number. But given 
the gearing has come down that's why ROA is reducing but my sense is from what your 
aspirations are we all should be positively surprised. But again, it's just an estimate as of now. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Yes around Rs. 275 crores of PAT for the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Just one clarification, on this, up to a Rs. 100 crores of credit cost, it seems slightly higher 
number I know that the flow from the restructured asset is yet to come. But we are already 
holding good provisions against the restructured assets. If I recollect till last quarter we had build 
up Rs. 100 crores of provisions and then again this quarter we have done Rs. 20 crores of 
contingency provision. So, this Rs. 120 odd crore over Rs. 700 crore original number should 
have been, I mean it looks a pretty reasonable buffer. But then you are talking about adding more 
buffers in the 2nd Quarter, maybe Rs. 30 crores odd. So, I mean, are we kind of assessing more 
slippages to come through outside of even the restructured pool or are we just trying to be very 
cautious about the credit cost. 
K. Swaminathan: 
Outside of the restructured pool, if at all there is any credit flow, any slippages, that will be in 
the normal course, we do not expect any undue slippages outside the restructured pool. Only the 
restructured pool is an issue which we are --; outside the restructured pool we do not see much 

 
Repco Home Finance Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
and hopefully this Rs. 100 crores whatever we have provided, I think that will take care for 
entire…. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Any broad thoughts on next year's credit cost, I mean, maybe as a percentage of average loan 
book what can one assume in a normal course then? 
K. Swaminathan: 
You mean to say for 23/24? 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes. 
K. Swaminathan: 
23/24 should be, I am unable to give you a number, it is too early for me. But anyhow it would 
be less, seeing the quality of our present assets this should be less. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Kumar from Equitas Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Praveen Kumar: 
I just had one basic question, which is kind of a follow up from what one of the other participants 
asked. Again, it refers to your ROE guidance of around 12%. What I wanted to understand was 
that while that seems like a conservative kind of guidance, at 12% it seems like it could be below 
the cost of equity, which is expected by investors. So, I just wanted to understand, because then 
that tantamount to effectively growth at that cost of equity, tantamount to not creating 
shareholder value. So, I wanted to understand your thoughts on that. 
K. Swaminathan: 
It is just a ballpark estimate, see we are also assuming that our leverage will be 4.4 times. So, 
ROE is a function of ROA and leverage. The leverage is not going to grow year-on-year. 
Although ROA will grow slightly, in fact meaningfully, so which is why our ROE guidance is 
12% assuming the Rs. 100 crores of credit cost. The actual credit cost is lower ROE will be 
higher absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Mehta 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining in this call. Thank you to the Management for giving 
us this opportunity. Everyone, have a good evening. 
K. Swaminathan: 
On behalf of the Management, I thank all the participants who participated in this conference 
call. We look forward to seeing you again, in the next quarter. Hopefully things would turn better 
in the years and quarters to come. Thank you very much once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Yes Securities that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
