SO MANY IMPRE SA 
h1ndware 
GROUP COMPANY 
home innovation limited 
NEAPS/BSE ONLINE 
23rd August, 2022 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building 
Mumbai - 400 001 
(BSE Scrip Code: 542905) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Plot No. C/1, Block-G 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Bandra Koria Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
(NSE Symbol: HINDWAREAP) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 16th August, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
held on Tuesday, 16th August, 2022 for discussion of the financial results of the Company for 
the first quarter ended 30th June, 2022. 
The 
transcript 
will also be available on the 
website of the Company i.e. 
www.hindwarehomes.com. 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
For Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
(Formerly known as Somany Home Innovation Limited) 
{IV-1.J 
Payal M Puri 
(Company Secretary and V. P. Group General Counsel) 
Name: 
Payal M Puri 
Address: 
301-302, 3rd Floor, Park Centra, Sector-30, Gurugram-122001
Membership No.: 
16068 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited (formerly Somany Home Innovation Limited) 
Corporate Office: 68, Echelon Institutional Area, Sector-32, Gurugram, Haryana 122 001, India. 
T. +91 124 2889300, e-mail, wecare@hindware.co.in 
Registered Office: 2, Red Cross Place, Kolkata-700001, West Bengal. India. T. +9133-22487407/5668 
www.hindwarehomes.com I CIN, L74999WB2017PLC222970 
-

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Results Conference Call 
Transcript” 
 
August 16, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAKESH KAUL – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CEO, HINDWARE HOME INNOVATION LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH PAJNOO – CEO, PIPE BUSINESS 
MR. 
SUDHANSHU 
POKHRIYAL 
- 
CEO, 
BATH 
BUSINESS 
MR. SANDEEP SIKKA – GROUP CFO 
MR. NAVEEN MALIK – CFO, HINDWARE HOME 
INNOVATION LIMITED 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hindware Home 
Innovation Limited Q1 FY2023 conference call hosted by Monarch Networth 
Capital. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinit Gala from Monarch Networth 
Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Vinit Gala: 
Good afternoon everyone. At the outset I would like to thank the management 
for giving us the opportunity. On behalf of Monarch Networth Securities we 
welcome you all to the Q1 FY2023 results conference call of Hindware Home 
Innovation Limited.  
 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Naveen Malik, CFO, HHIL. Thanks and over to 
you Sir. 
Naveen Malik: 
Thank you. Good evening ladies and gentlemen and a very warm welcome to 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited Q1 FY2023 earnings call.  
 
Let me walk you through our financial performance post which the business 
CEOs will discuss the key highlights of their respective businesses. Figures we 
are discussing here are on consolidated basis and rounded up to the next 
level. I would like to remind all participants that some of the statements or 
comments made on today’s call may be forward-looking in nature. These may 
include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other 
statements of the company’s plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. The 
company disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements 
to reflect future events or developments. Kindly refer to slide #2 of the earnings 
presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
 
Now coming to performance. We are pleased with our performance for the 
quarter considering the challenging macroeconomic environment amidst. In the 
Q1 FY2023 while the company sustained its topline growth margins were 
moderate largely owing to the higher input and commodity prices. On a year-
on-year basis our topline grew by 98% to Rs.678 crore on a consolidated 
basis. On an absolute profitability basis, consolidated EBITDA grew 292% and 
amounted to Rs.67 crore. Consolidated profit after tax after considering results 
from joint venture stood at Rs.11 crore in Q1 FY2023. 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Coming to our segmental performance. The building products segment 
delivered yet another healthy performance during the quarter. In Q1 FY2023 
revenue from operations stood at Rs.535 crore registering a growth of 102% 
year-on-year. EBIT grew 185% year-on-year to Rs.43 crore translating into a 
margin of 8%. It is important to understand that this decline in EBIT on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis resulted from a steep increase in prices of key inputs 
namely brass around 6% to 8% from Q3 FY22 onwards and around 15% to 
20% in fuel and power in Q1 FY2023 for our bathware products. This increase 
due to a stressed macro environment erased gains derived from 
commencement of manufacturing operations post the acquisition of the 
building products division of AGI Greenpac Limited. We have undertaken 
calibrated price hikes to offset the impact of higher input prices in coming 
quarters. 
 
Our fast-growing plastic pipe and fitting business reported sales of Rs.170 
crore registering a growth of 96% in Q1 FY2023 on a year-on-year basis. 
Supported by solid fundamental and our resilient business model, the company 
has sustained a strong growth momentum over the past few years. Plastic 
pipes and fitting margins also impacted due to decrease in polymer prices 
around 14% to 16% in Q1 FY2023 while fuel and power increased by 10% to 
12%. 
 
Now coming to the Consumer appliances. Our Consumer appliances business 
reported revenue of Rs.129 crore and EBIT of Rs.2.8 crore during the quarter. 
The overall performance of the business was modest owing to rising input cost 
and macroeconomic challenges.  
 
Our Retail business revenue stood at Rs.14 crore having grown 48% year-on-
year while EBIT stood at Rs.0.12 crore in Q1 FY2023 translating into a margin 
of 1%.  
 
Across our product portfolio in an endeavor to counter the sharp increase in 
input prices we have taken reasonable price increases of many products in our 
portfolio and may be compelled to continue to do so. At the same time we have 
continued to place a strong emphasis on launching innovative new products. 
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus our resources on producing a diverse 
range of smart, connected products that integrate innovation and aesthetics 
and provides value to our customers’ lives and homes. We are optimistic about 
our future performance and are committed to our goal of delivering consistent 
revenue and profit growth. 
 
Now I will give you update on the bathware products business also. Our 
sanitaryware and faucets continue to report industry leading growth in the 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 23 
review quarter contributing a solid performance with close to 20% revenue 
coming from new product debuts, the company is still growing at a faster pace 
across all the categories it competes in. This performance reflects our several 
strength primarily among these is our proven innovative capability both in 
product and design which has contributed to a diverse product portfolio. This 
combined with an increasingly strong awareness of our brands, and an ever-
expanding distribution network has considerably helped to drive growth. We in 
fact have added 75 new distributors in the quarter under review.  
 
A key point to highlight is the fact that this is the first time in the last 5-7 years 
wherein Q1 sales are comparable with Q4 sales which is a true reflection of the 
gaining momentum in our demand. EBIT margin declined however compared 
to the sequential preceding quarter and this was a result of the significant input 
price increases which we already discussed. Such steep increases in the 
prices of fuel and brass which are some of our key inputs over a short period 
have seldom been seen before. To counter this challenge, we are 
implementing reasonable price increases throughout our faucet and sanitary 
ware range, and these will take some time to fully reflect. The heightened input 
costs have tapered over the benefits of the commencement of manufacturing.  
 
During the quarter, we launched a few marquee bathware products, including 
Easy Clean which is a self-cleaning basin and ellipse which is basin with space 
for utility item like toothbrush, toothpaste, etc. Our continuing focus is on 
driving profitable growth.  
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh Pajnoo to take you all 
through the plastic pipe and fitting business. Over to you Mr. Rajesh. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Thank you, Naveen. Good evening to everyone and thank you for joining us for 
Q1 FY2023 earnings call.  
 
During the quarter, our plastic pipes and fittings business reported sales of 
Rs.170 crore registering a growth of 96% on year-on-year basis. Since our 
brand is now well established and our products continues to deliver high 
quality, I am pleased to report that we are still as of today the fastest growing 
brands in India in pipes and fitting industry segment. In the review quarter, our 
polymer prices have decreased by 14% to 16% and also prices have gone up 
for our own fuel prices leading to a margin impact.  
 
We continue to diversify into newer geographies in line with our company’s 
accelerated growth strategy. Aligned to our strategic growth our expansion plan 
entails both Brownfield and Greenfield initiatives. Our Brownfield capacity 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 23 
expansion project at Isnapur facility in Hyderabad is progressing according to 
the schedule. 
Furthermore, our Greenfield project to install a new manufacturing facility in the 
north that is we have selected place Roorkee is on track. During the period we 
introduced 200+ SKUs in this category. Additionally, we continue to witness a 
significant market demand for our overhead water storage tanks.  
As we continue to grow and add new distributors to our pipes business, we 
continue to engage with plumbing consultants and plumbers to educate them 
about our diverse products offering.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Rakesh Kaul to take you through 
consumer appliances and retail business. Over to you. 
Rakesh Kaul: 
Thanks Mr. Pajnoo for handing over me this call. I want to say good evening to 
everyone and thank you for joining us for our Q1 FY2023 earnings call.  
 
During the quarter there was a significant growth in the consumer appliances 
business to the tune of 92% over the first quarter of 2021-2022. It was driven 
by strong performances in the cooling and the kitchen segment. In the category 
of kitchen appliances we continue to maintain our focus on superior 
technologically driven products like patented technologies like MaxX Silence, 
Maxx Auto-Clean and we have now become the largest range of silent 
chimneys in the country amongst all the brands and we received a tremendous 
response from the consumers for these products. Our cooling products gained 
an attraction and grew by more than 200% in this quarter on the back of a good 
summer season and our sustained dominance in the kitchen and cooling 
category and e-commerce platforms also help us register a robust growth.  
 
Towards the end of the quarter we did notice a slowdown in the consumer 
demands, additionally higher product costs and ongoing inflationary pressures, 
which create a little impact on consumer purchase in the area. While largely 
the raw material prices have stabilized towards the end of the Q1 the 
continuous rise over the last 12 to 14 months has actually helped in depressing 
the demand to some extent because of the huge price increases over the last 
14 months. During the quarter we undertook prepared price hikes to help 
combat the impact of stubborn prices and this we believe will help lower 
pressure on our margins for the segment.  
 
We continue to maintain a greater level of focus on the recently introduced fan 
categories where we have introduced more than 100 SKUs in the last nine 
months. This has helped us achieve triple digit growth in this category, which 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 23 
otherwise is a very competitive category. In the coming festive season we 
anticipate the consumer demand will swing favorably.  
 
In the upcoming quarters we anticipate reaping the benefits of our continued 
focus on product innovation. As a result we are committed to introduce smart 
products to market in order to enhance the lives of our consumers and make a 
significant impact. In fact we have rebranded our Hindware appliances and 
some of our smart appliances.  
 
In our consumer appliances areas we have now filed for more than 33 patents, 
and all this has been done in the past three-and-a-half years. We are dedicated 
to our goal of developing an attractive and innovative product portfolio. We 
introduced five new category items in Q1 FY2023 totaling over 14 SKUs across 
chimney, cooktops and water heaters in the smart segment. Currently we have 
an account of more than 1310+ distributors and modern retail shops across the 
country to meet expanding consumer demand and we have now touched a 
retail touch point number of 13000+.  
 
Our retail business in Q1 also grew by 48%, despite the margin pressure the 
business remained positive for yet another quarter and reiterates our strategy 
of focusing on franchisee model much more strongly.  
 
That concludes my opening remarks and I would like to ask Mr. Sudhanshu 
Pokhriyal to take over from me. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Sudhanshu for some reason has not joined the call yet and Mr. Naveen Malik 
has already spoken about the building product business, so we will just open 
the Q&A session here for the participants. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
We have the first question from the line of Mr. Vinit Gala.  
Vinit Gala: 
Just wanted to understand on the pipes division can you quantify the EBITDA 
hit on account of inventory loss because of the polymer prices? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Your question if I can understand is that how much is the quantification on the 
EBITDA? 
Vinit Gala: 
Because of the inventory loss. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
In the Q1 FY 23, it is around Rs.7 crore which is due to the inventory thing, but 
in Q2 there will still be some carry because the entire inventory has not yet 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 23 
been consumed, we feel that from Q3 onwards it will get into the normalized 
mode with an assumption that PVC prices now should stabilize ranging 
between Rs.90 to Rs.100 a kg. 
Vinit Gala: 
What is the kind of pricing that you are offering like we have taken a hit on the 
pricing as well is that what you have done? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
I think Rajesh, can take this question. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Yes, understood that whenever the prices go up your item prices also go up 
and when the raw material prices come down the price rates you have to sell at 
a lesser price, you have to pass it on to the consumer, so we are selling at a 
lower price and that is why the inventory is hit by around 4%, it amounts to 
Rs.7 crore. 
Vinit Gala: 
The breakup of volume growth that you are looking at, the reduction in pricing 
that we have done, so over the next couple of quarters, so what is the breakup 
of the volume growth? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
The prices have come down by around 14% to 16% in the first quarter and 
there has been a differential of almost around 11% to 12%, the pricing has 
come down. 
Vinit Gala: 
Okay and against that what is the kind of volume growth that you are 
anticipating? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
We have grown Q1 last year also it is not actually comparable, so we have 
grown by around 90%. We feel that there is a little hit will be there in the 
second quarter, but prices are going to get stabilized, that is what has been 
given to understand. And definitely what happens with these prices is that the 
hit is more on the imports, and the raw materials that we are purchasing now is 
on the current prices so there is not much impact on that. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
You can easily drive the trajectory that despite the pressure on the margin on 
the selling prices, this remains the best ever first quarter sales number like Q4 
we did Rs.200 crore of sales and in the Q1 we have done Rs.170 crore of 
sales. Our long-term guidance, which already we made last year, which we 
made in May 2021 that in three to four years will be crossing Rs.1,000 crore in 
this business, I think we are moving on a path to that direction. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Varun Jain from Edelweiss.  

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 23 
Varun Jain: 
My question was related to the segment wise price hike, which we have taken 
for all the segments and also is there any expected price hike in the next few 
quarters and the raw material outlook for the next few quarters how do we see 
that? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
I will primarily talk here about sanitaryware and faucets, there has been 
incremental input price increases because the natural gas prices and other fuel 
prices have already increased substantially, although now they are getting 
stabilized. In Q1 FY 23 in the sanitaryware, we had taken around 5% to 7% 
price hike on various SKUs and similarly on the faucets because the input 
brass prices also have increased sequentially from Q3 to Q4 and then Q1. We 
expect a few more price hikes to happen to normalize the overall cost impact. 
In the pipe segment,` Mr. Rajesh Pajnoo has already explained that it is a 
factor of upward and downward adjustment, our CPVC prices have more or 
less remained same so not much change as such. PVC prices to get adjusted 
on a regular basis as a whole also. 
Varun Jain: 
What is your outlook for the raw materials in the coming few quarters? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We feel that the majority of the price hikes which have to happen now have 
happened and we are seeing that some downward movement has started, may 
be one or two quarters there should be some reduction in the input prices this 
is our view, but again contingent on a number of factors externally, how the 
whole market pan out, especially we get impacted by PVC price, fuel prices on 
sanitaryware, faucets and pipes and on the other thing, which is consumer 
products essentially copper, steel, so our prices, we are seeing that are now 
getting stabilized after last two quarters increase as such. 
Varun Jain: 
If copper and steel prices reduce, do we also reduce prices like we do in pipes, 
is it like a pass-through margin or are the price increases sticky in that division? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Rakesh, can you take this on the consumer side? 
Rakesh Kaul: 
Sorry, I could not hear the question properly. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
The question was that with the increase in steel prices and now the price is 
getting stabilized what impact we will have on the selling prices of our products 
especially chimneys? 
Rakesh Kaul: 
Thanks for the question. If you would see in the last three to four quarters we 
have continuously done price increases on these products led by the 
commodities increases what has happened over the past four quarters, but I 
have said at the same time that the prices have stabilized in fact in some cases 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 23 
the prices have actually come down also from the last quarter as well, so in 
consumer appliances business at least I do not see, unless and until the 
situation does not turn dramatically differently in the next quarter I do not see 
any further price increases happening in the next quarter or so, so the selling 
prices would remain what are there in the Q1. 
Varun Jain: 
In case prices of your inputs go down in this segment do you roll back price 
increases or not? 
Rakesh Kaul: 
If you would see, I think if there would be a price decrease in one or the other 
area, so we would also have to closely look at the freight part. We will have to 
look at the fuel part and the crude part as well, so there might be a decrease in 
some part of the business, but there is an increase in some part of the 
business. So overall I do not see any reason for any brand to lower its prices in 
the upcoming festive season, but I see the prices would remain stabilized for 
the next quarter at least at the current level. 
Varun Jain: 
That is helpful. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abbakus.  
Nikhil Gada: 
My first question is please if you could help with the EBIT numbers for plastic 
price for the current quarter as well as the last year same quarter, please? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
EBIT numbers you are asking? 
Nikhil Gada: 
Yes, EBIT numbers for plastic prices and the same for sanitary ware and 
faucets. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
EBIT for the quarter is at 5.2% versus Q4 at 9.7% and last year at 7.6% 
Q1FY22. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understand, EBIT is 5.2% for plastic pipes versus 7.6% year-over-year, okay. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. For sanitaryware and faucets it is 13.3% for Q1 of this financial year 
versus 15.1% for Q4 and 7.3% on year-on-year basis in Q1. 
Nikhil Gada: 
I do not know whether you have done this breakup, but how much would have 
been the addition in the margins because of this manufacturing now coming 
into the numbers for Q1 or if you can say ex of manufacturing in this current 
quarter what would have been the margins like, so we get a comparable 
picture as in how much has been the margin impact? 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 23 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Basically, the manufacturing margin has been added to the numbers, but it 
gets camouflaged because of some input prices as we said around Rs.7 crore 
is an impact on the pipes, another Rs.6 crore is an impact on sanitaryware 
faucets because the input cost of material has increased in the subsequent 
quarter. If you see, Rs.13 crore is something which is directly coming from the 
impact of listing on the EBITDA, which you can see incrementally the margins 
will build up. 
Nikhil Gada: 
If I add Rs.13 crore to the overall EBIT of the building products then that is 
something like a normalized EBITDA margin, is this what you are saying, right? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. Very near to that. One more impact is there because in the slump sale we 
did not buy two land and buildings, there is a lease rental and then we pay 
lease instead of buying that land and building because they were very costly., 
We took it on a long-term lease, so that impact gets now dissected under the 
Ind-AS into the depreciation and interest. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And what was that amount, Sir? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
That is around Rs.3.5 crore to Rs.4 crore quarterly on the overall both 
sanitaryware faucets and pipes. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So that explains the reason why the depreciation is higher because I think once 
this transfer was done you had said that mostly the depreciation on a quarterly 
basis would be around Rs.18 odd crore and it has come to close to Rs.22 
crore. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
I remember this question was being asked how much of the depreciation of 
AGI Greenpac will get accounted for here and we also spoke that there will be 
a lease rental on the top of it, but lease rental gets accounted into depreciation 
and interest. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood, okay, got it and then just on the sticking to the plastic pipes 
business we do not really share the volume data, but if you can at least help us 
explain what has been the volume growth versus the realization growth for this 
particular quarter? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
In terms of volume you are asking CPVC, UPVC? 
Nikhil Gada: 
Yes, even that and if you can just give on a total volume basis. 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We see the ratio of CPVC, year-on-year the volume growth is almost 100% 
and the production volumes, when we see on a sequential quarter is at par with 
Q4 and in terms of the value in terms of CPVC to UPVC is 44%. 
Nikhil Gada: 
This is for this particular quarter, you are saying. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
This is for this particular as compared to 34% which was a year back, we are 
doing a lot of high-end business here on the CPVC. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood. Basically a bit confused over here because when we have seen a 
volume growth of 100% year-over-year and our CPVC mix has increased so 
much then the realizations are down, right, actually year-over-year? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We have given the number also that around Rs.7 crore is an impact on the 
EBITDA. 
Nikhil Gada: 
No Sir I am talking about the realization because I assume CPVCs are a higher 
realization product, so in that case because the share has increased, and the 
realization should have been on the higher side right? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
The CPVC prices  you see have remained in the trend, there has not been 
decreased, but confusion has happened on the PVC price quarter-on-quarter. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Okay. I will just take this offline and then just quickly on the consumer products 
part of the business Rakesh Ji mentioned that there would be no further price 
hike to be taken, but in terms of the margins we are back to positive territory 
and Q2 and Q3 remain our best quarters per se, so are we to say that we will 
go back to 8%, 9% sort of levels specifically in Q2, Q3, which we had seen 
somewhere in FY2021 in margins? 
Rakesh Kaul: 
Yes, you are very right. I think we move to the positive territory in the sense 
because our EBITDA at 4.5% for standalone for consumer appliances business 
against the last year is -1.1% was a huge traction in terms of the margin 
increase. Again as I told you because of the cooling season getting picked up 
for us because if you remember the last year COVID had impacted this season 
and having said that we have got the momentum built in the upcoming festive 
season and we believe that our margins would be closer to what where the last 
year levels in Q3 for sure and sustained by ongoing consumer acceptance of 
our products and at the same time we also have a cautionary note to make that 
as long as the customer demands really picks up I do not see any reason why 
we would not come back to those margins that we attained last year in Q2 and 
Q3. 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Nikhil Gada: 
Last year our Q2 margin was 6.2% in Q2 and 3.4% in Q3, so just from that 
margins prior to that were close to 9% to 10%, so that is the reason I am 
asking? 
Rakesh Kaul: 
So as I told you because of the ongoing price hikes what we have done for the 
last three, four quarters and not us only the entire competition as such. The 
growth if you would see has muted to some extent or would be muted to some 
extent in Q2 and Q3, but having said that even if you see our growth versus the 
peers in Q1 we have almost a majority of the competitive brands we have 
registered a 2x growth percentage in Q1 against most of our competitors, so 
we believe the kitchen category is a very key category in Q2 and Q3 and we 
believe that we should be able to deliver what we delivered last year as well if 
not more than that. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood, Sir and just to stick on that kitchen appliances point we have a few 
players now coming in someone like Crompton also now announcing 
specifically into chimneys and hobs they are planning to expand do you see 
there is a sort of category expansion that we can see in chimneys and hobs, or 
do you think that this can sort of impact us in terms of how our business has 
gone through? 
Rakesh Kaul: 
Not really, while I respect the competition, but at the same time I must let you 
know which I have told you in the past also that we are a very, very strong 
number two player in the category of cooker hoods and among the top five 
players in the category of hobs, so we have clearly established ourselves with 
a 20% kind of a share in the category of cooker hoods. Having said that the 
penetration of cooker hoods or hobs in India is not even 1% so the chance of 
the market growth is humongous in a market like India, so I do not anticipate 
any competitive pressures with the introduction of some more competitive 
brands. I think it will only help in expanding the market and we are among the 
top two players we believe that we have enough ammunition with us in terms of 
our technologically proven products, our focus on smart appliances, our focus 
on building the India’s first IoT chimney, building on India’s largest range of 
silent chimneys, building on India’s brilliant trade of Maxx Auto Clean chimneys 
which are not only consumer friendly but make the lives of the consumers 
easier. So we have enough in the technology pipeline to keep our consumer 
engaged with our larger kitchen appliances segment and I do not see any 
reason why we would not continue our robust growth in this category in the 
future as well. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Lastly on the sanitaryware and faucets part of the business, there is a sort of a 
tactical shift that we are seeing in the numbers which are coming across for all 
the companies and we have definitely done even better than all of them, so 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 23 
specifically if you can highlight what has really worked for us and what is 
changing in this industry post COVID that we are seeing such kind of strong 
growth and secondly on this you mentioned that you have taken a couple of 
price hikes in this particular quarter as well and you might have to take one or 
two more, so when will the margins go back to the normalized levels from 
which quarter, so just on that? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Sudhanshu, I will request you to take this. 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Thanks first of all for the kind words. I think the market has been pretty buoyant 
post COVID and that is reflecting in every single player’s number right now. Of 
course we have done well for multiple quarters and for us I think the gain has 
come because of our relentless focus on first of all on new products. We have 
actually introduced a lot of new products, for example in Q1 nearly 20% of our 
revenues have come from the new products which we have launched in the 
last five quarters. That is what we see, anything which has been launched in 
the previous year and in this year that contributes 20% of sales right now. 
Additionally we have been focusing extremely heavily on distribution 
expansion. We believe most of the companies have very limited distribution 
reach. We started off very similar to FMCG style distributors in sanitary ware 
and something which was unheard of in this business, and it is really worked 
for us our reach is  now multifold in the last two years now. Similarly in faucets 
as well we have seen our reach expand multifold across the country that really 
helps us in a big way. You would have seen the efforts which we have done in 
terms of our re-launch of our brand. Entire brand identity has been changed. 
We are focusing a lot on the Italian collection. We are focusing a lot on iconic 
relationships like with IPL and also, we have a focus on “always being on air” 
with our brand in there. I think all these focuses have really helped us. 
Additionally we have created a separate team within our organization for the 
institutional business and that is also giving us disproportionate results. We 
were not focusing on that earlier as much as our company would desire. So I 
think all these aspects and the execution of all these strategies in the market 
has been far better than most of our competitors and that has given us 
relatively superior results over an extended period of time. I hope I answered 
your question. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And Sir just on the margins if you can sort of guide us. 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Of course our margins have got impacted by the input prices which are actually 
shared with you earlier as well. We have taken commensurate price increases; 
however, it takes a little while because there is a bit of a lag effect on margins 
per se. We believe there are further price increases, which are expected as we 
go forward in the coming months. We believe Q2 will be better than Q1 and I 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 23 
think by Q3 we should be starting to clock absolutely I would say industry-
leading margins. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Puneet Khanna from BOB 
Investment.  
Puneet Khanna: 
Congratulations everyone for the great results. I have a specific question on 
bathware segment. I need some basic details in terms of the breakup of 
sanitary and faucets and the capacity utilization details from both the plants 
and the working capital how the inventory days and payable days so if you can 
throw some light on this please? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
The overall sales are a bit low in the segmental reporting for the BPD of which 
Rs.170 crore of sales is related to pipes and the balance is towards the bath 
products. In terms of margins, we have already spoken extensively over the 
last few minutes. If we see the overall inventory working capital days, we have 
around 105 days of inventory in net working capital, which is there in the 
bathware product it has slightly increased we worked on it last year in reducing 
it, but with the acquisition of the building product manufacturing, the inventory 
which came along, has increased inventory slightly. I think in next the two or 
three quarters, we will work on it as we did last year to optimize it. In terms of 
the pipe segment again we have odd 100 days of inventory, , which includes 
our imported inventory also number of days is slightly higher on this, but we 
work on a very sharp things on debtor days is around 23 days for pipes and 
around 30 days for receivables as such in the bath products. 
Puneet Khanna: 
But I specifically want sanitary and faucets breakup of building products? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
So faucets now constitute around 35% of the bath products. 
Puneet Khanna: 
Okay and can you please also tell the capacity side of the plant, capacity 
utilization for both the plants? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Our sanitaryware plant in this quarter worked at around 84% of utilization, 
faucets at around 57% we have still a lot of capacity in faucets to build up, on 
the pipe plant Rajesh can you just guide on this? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
85%. 
Puneet Khanna: 
Can you just also give us the broad guideline of the estimate of FY2023 where 
the building and products will go in to touch upon? 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 23 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Generally, we do not give short term this thing, but I think we have given that 
we should be able to maintain our momentum and grow 18% to 20% on an 
overall consolidated basis. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire 
Capital.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir I just wanted to understand you mentioned about this Rs.13 crore impact of 
the input cost right, so that effectively means that 2% manufacturing margin 
would have got added, if not for this higher input cost will that be a fair 
inference to me? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
2% to 2.5% was our guidance. It is very important to understand the entire 
material which we are selling in bath products business, which is sanitaryware 
faucet is not sourced in-house we were doing a lot of trading business even 
before the acquisition from the third party other than AGI, although in case of 
pipes almost 95% is sourced in-house, the impact which was there. Basically, it 
is very simple to say that whatever we were leaving in the contract with the AGI 
Greenpac now  is getting accumulated here, but you are right if you do the 
math it is around 2% or 2.5%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So that effectively means may be 10.5% of a normalized EBITDA margin post 
this manufacturing integration right, assuming the cost impact gets covered by 
the price hikes and we are looking at 
Sandeep Sikka: 
You are talking consolidated? 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes, consolidated. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
These are the normal items which we have highlighted on the call today, it is 
easy for the investor community to understand the results, but I think a simple 
addition is there and as we grow the operating leverage also comes into the 
picture. I said generally Q1 has been good it has been equal to Q4 almost now. 
We see coming quarters also the growth momentum should maintain, so as the 
growth momentum comes in the operating leverage also comes into the 
picture. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct, so overall, in the medium term, you did mention that may be 4% we 
expect manufacturing facility to add to the EBITDA margins right, on a medium-
term basis, may be two, three years? 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 23 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes, 4% for the products being manufactured, but other than this we also do 
the trading business so that is why it is getting marginalized, but overall delta 
we have given guidance of around 3% to 4% EBITDA margin addition. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Fair enough, so this 14% - 15% that we are talking about, that is what we are 
seeing in by FY2025, that is what we are targeting 14% - 15% kind of EBITDA 
margin on a consolidated basis overall? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We have given two guidances. We said we will build efficiencies into the 
system and do the incremental margin expansion by around 2%, which was not 
including manufacturing. That guidance we gave last year and once the slump 
sale was done. So, we said overall 4% we should be able to add, and I think if 
everything works well maybe within the next 12 to 18 months you will start 
seeing it. 
Deepak Poddar: 
We will start seeing the impact of this incremental margin? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Both the efficiency as well manufacturing. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Both efficiency as well as manufacturing in 1.5 years? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Next two years, but we cannot avoid events which have happened like Q1, if 
there is a fall in a price of our input rising by 30% it is not under our control. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Absolutely, understood and in terms of long-term guidance Rs.5000 crore 
revenue in three years that we have spoken about? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Pipes will be Rs.1000 crore plus and the consumer should be able to do 1200 
plus and we will upbeat the market by 1.25 to 1.5x on the sanitaryware faucets 
and other allied products. 
Moderator: 
We have the next line of Tushar R from Kamayakya Wealth Management.  
Tushar R: 
My question is on the consumer appliances division so you have guided a 
number of Rs.1300 crore to Rs.1200 crore in coming year so considering the 
current scenario are we confident enough to change that number and 
considering the competitors are also increasing the capacity and competition is 
there in that division are we confident enough to achieve those numbers, the 
guided number? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
So these numbers were given by us in May 2021 and we said in the next four 
years we will do it. I think we are confident, we will hold on to that those 
numbers as of date. 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Tushar R: 
Fair enough. Sir, in this pipe division CPVC would be what percentage of the 
total sales in the pipe? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Percentage of total? 
Tushar R: 
Total sales in the pipe division. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
For Hindware building products, Rs.170 crore which is around 40%, CPVC 
component in the prices is that the question? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Is it CPVC to total value? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
CPVC to total sales 44%. 
Tushar R: 
Sir, my next question would be in the sanitaryware and faucets what 
percentage would be outsourced in the sanitaryware and also in the faucets? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Around 37% is getting outsourced right now in sanitaryware and faucets nearly 
50% is outsourced, which are basically primarily non-brass items, plastic 
products, chrome plated plastic products. 
Tushar R: 
In faucets other competitors are mentioned they are going in the range of 40% 
to 50% CAGR and they are planning to enter into that gold plated and colored 
faucets, so are you also planning in that line because that product has high 
realization and also higher asset turn? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Yes, so we already have PVD products -  these are colored faucets. We 
launched them in March 2022, and I mentioned that nearly 20% of our portfolio 
is basically currently coming from NPD, so one of the products which is a new 
product is the PVD portfolio the colored portfolio. We already have this range 
which is available in the market. 
Tushar R: 
Last question, gas prices what would be the percentage of the total cost? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Generally, we do not disclose the overall costing as such. 
Tushar R: 
Fair enough Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rahul Picha from Multi Act.  
Rahul Picha: 
Sir, I just wanted to know the debt number as of end of Q1? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Total debt of arrange between around Rs.630 crore to Rs.640 crore on a 
consolidated basis. 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 23 
Rahul Picha: 
So this is gross debt, right this is before cash? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. 
Rahul Picha: 
I also wanted to know the inventory receivables and payables number for the 
Q1 end? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We have already disclosed, so you can see in the transcript just in the last to 
last question. 
Rahul Picha: 
I think we have given the payable days and inventory days, but I just wanted 
the absolute numbers if that is possible? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Absolute numbers for? 
Rahul Picha: 
Inventory, receivables and payables. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We can share it separately through our investor relation agency. 
Rahul Picha: 
Last question is what was the volume growth or degrowth for the pipes 
business in this quarter Q-o-Q? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Rajesh you can take it. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Yes, we have grown by 75% volume growth than Q1 last year. 
Rahul Picha: 
No Sir, I was asking Q-o-Q, so Q1 over Q4 last year? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Q1 FY23 was around 78% of Q4 last year. We had sold around 7,236  metric 
tonnes in Q1 FY 23 and then Q4 we processed  9,253 metric ton. 
Rahul Picha: 
Q1 of this year? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Q1 this year is 7,236 metric ton. 
Rahul Picha: 
Okay, the entire decline that is there in this quarter? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
That is happening on price, yes. 
Rahul Picha: 
Not on volume? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Absolutely, not on volume. We have almost processed, but we process in Q4. 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sreejith Sridhar from Retail 
Investor.  
Sreejith Sridhar: 
Couple of questions in the pipe segment slide #17 I think you have mentioned 
that we would like to be the fifth largest player in five years' time to achieve that 
what is the volume and value that we need to process and just wanting to 
understand the delta from where we are what is it that we need to cover in 
terms of ground to reach that fifth spot and the second question is on the retail 
side I think Evok contributes 2% of the topline what is the capital allocation 
strategy would the management want to grow this business or what will be the 
way forward in terms of three years from now?  
Sandeep Sikka: 
On the Evok side, this business we had this good business of Rs.190 crore for 
sales three years back with good contribution margins ranging almost 45%, but 
we used to lose a lot of money actually in terms of rental, so during the COVID 
period May 2020 we changed the strategy and we shut down almost eight to 
nine of our stores and we just have two stores today and we have just moved 
on to the franchise model and this is now profitable. At an appropriate time, we 
have already said that we may look to dispose of this business. Now it is 
profitable, it has a good margin, we will have the online website, which is 
evok.in, which has good traffic.We will see over a period of time how the 
overall things pan out. On the pipe side, as for many businesses which we try 
to do; it is our endeavor that we should be among the top five leaders over a 
period of time. Like kitchen we started the consumer business so within five 
years now we are almost #2 player on the kitchen chimneys or pipe, Rajesh 
has already spoken of we are one of the highest growth pipe companies as 
such. Rajesh you can extend this. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Yes. We are already here as the No.7 position as of today and we presume 
that we should be No.5 in the next five years, it may happen earlier also. As far 
as your question was concerned that regarding the value and volume, volume 
as of today is very, very difficult because you do not know what is going to 
happen five years down the line, when the raw material prices keep on 
changing in PVC, but definitely anywhere around 1600 plus will be clear cut 
number five player. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient.  
Sonal Minhas: 
I have two clarificatory questions. First one is if I compare Q1 of this financial 
year to Q4 of last financial year I see an increase in other expenses and 
employees is it safe to say a large part of that is attributable to the 
manufacturing setup, which is coming so if I were to compare truly like what is 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 23 
actually the delta in the cost of operations the delta in overheads and the delta 
in employees is largely attributable to your manufacturing setup? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes, because similar figures will get decreased in the purchases. When we are 
buying from AGI Greenpac, we are buying finished products from them, the 
employee costs will be a part of the whole thing. Similarly, power, fuel, now 
since we are manufacturing it is an allocation between things and accordingly if 
you see on an apple-to-apple basis the purchase of stock gets adjusted. 
Sonal Minhas: 
So it is basically matching whatever you are saving on the manufacturing is 
basically what we are getting the overhead plus the 2.5% loss in margins we 
have seen this quarter because of the raw material prices so roughly the 
equation adds up is what I just wanted to get a clarification on and the second 
follow on actually on this one was that I am not asking for the guidance, but do 
we expect to maintain hold on to our margins, EBITDA margins for this 
financial year compared to FY2022, 2021 or do we see that this year there will 
be a margin contraction given how the first quarter has panned out? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
The margins of any business, how we see it is on a moving basis. If you see 
the sales has been good, all our guidance which has been good, but there are 
one or two quarters when there is some fluctuation, which is outside the control 
of the business it does impact. We do not give short term margin guidance as 
you are aware, but whatever we have given that we are working on various 
efficiencies Sudhanshu has spoken about it. We have proved in the last one 
year what we have spoken of in May 2021 we have demonstrated that, overall 
trajectory, what do you say the path of that margin trajectory will be maintained, 
but do not look like a quarter-to-quarter here, actually it is a path which we are 
working. 
Sonal Minhas: 
I agree with that. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vikash V from HealthX Services.  
Vikash V: 
My first question is regarding of the HSIL transition right now this company is 
AGI Greenpac So in the Q4 the Slump sale transition is Rs.700 crore and we 
settled down in Rs.109 crore, so right now the position is the impact, or the 
number is reduced? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Basically, the settlement procedures are right now going on with the 
registration of land and other buildings as required and few of them have been 
done, and few are under processes. We have to still pay them around Rs.90 
crore once all the settlement procedures are done, which we feel it should be 
done in the next few weeks, one or two weeks or may be even more. The land 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 23 
registration process, but we have taken control of all the plants as such, we are 
operating those plants and all the material movement and other thing 
settlement has been done. 
Vikash V: 
Okay and the second question regarding of this building products, we have 
right now the 550 plus technicians is there in the pan-India whether we have 
some kind of possibility to add in women in this area? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Technicians you mean to say service? 
Vikash V: 
Yes Services. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
I think your question is more relating, because we service both in consumer as 
well as in sanitaryware, which segment are you talking about I think 
Sudhanshu you can take it. 
Vikash V: 
Right now in the building products segment, which is slide #40 a service 
network of 550 technicians pan India covering 700 districts, it is a turnaround 
time of the 24 hours in metro and 48 hours in the upcountry market. The 
upcountry market is 48 hours it is too much as per my understanding, if women 
come to this picture, then one is the business aspects also another aspect of it 
is CSR? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: No, it is a great point. 
Vikash V: 
Might be take two, three-year time, but possibility is there. 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: No, definitely. I think it is a great point. As an organization, we focus on 
diversity, and we believe that having a diverse workforce really improves the 
productivity as well as the culture of the organization as such. For us what we 
have seen is that if you look at the service technicians are largely plumbers 
and people from that, if there are women plumbers who are willing to associate 
with us, we as an organization are more than welcome. We are always on 
hand to increase our service network. We have added a lot of franchisees in 
our network in the last one year. We believe that it can definitely be expanded. 
I cannot give you the number right now, but I can assure you there are many 
women plumbers already working among our franchisees currently as well. 
Unfortunately it is not a question which I usually expect in an investor call, but 
otherwise I would have had the number handy, but there are many women 
plumbers which are working with us in many parts of the country right now. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abbakus.  

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Nikhil Gada: 
Thanks for the follow up. Just on the guidance for FY2023 where we have 
mentioned that we might grow by 18% to 20%. Now when we look at a nine-
month number, because Q1 is already done then the growth comes out to be 
only 3% to 4% across building products as well as consumer products so is it 
more of a conservative sort of guidance or do you think that we are going to 
see some amount of slowdown in the coming quarters? 
Sandeep Sikka : 
This guidance was given last quarter because we always say that don’t 
measure us on quarter-to-quarter basis. It is very difficult to justify anybody on 
the quarters and nobody can control the business on a quarter-to-quarter 
basis. But based on the last year whatever consolidated turnover we did, we 
had given guidance at 18% to 20% growth. Some of things do get impacted 
like, for pipes business, where the selling prices are coming down, despite the 
volume growth, we cannot talk conservatively. But, we can over achieve this 
and right now, we are holding on to that 18% to 20% growth momentum. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Fair enough. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I now hand it over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Thanks all for being there on the call and being so participative. it is always our 
initiative to disseminate the underlying information, which is there, which we 
have been doing for last so many years in the transcript. Again this quarter was 
full of a number of activities, we had manufacturing added, and we had input 
price fluctuations, both upward and downward on various products, we have 
been able to answer most of your questions in the right perspective. Thank you 
for joining us on the call. Thanks again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Notes: 
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of 
the proceedings. 
2. 
Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference. 
3. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means 
without the prior written consent of Hindware Home Innovation Limited 

 
 
 Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
August 16, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
