Ref. no.: GIC-HO/BOARD/SE-Ql -T/36/2022-23 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 40000 I 
Scrip Code: (BSE - 540755/ NSE - GICRE) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Date: August 22, 2022 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400051 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held with Investors and Analysts to discuss the 
financial results for the quarter ended 30th June 2022 
ln compliance with Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith 
Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on Wednesday, August 17, 
2022, to discuss financial results for the quarter ended 30th June 2022. 
The same is also available on the website of the Corporation at www.gicofindia.com. 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking You 
Yours sincerely 
For General Insurance Corporation oflndia 
;"y\,/" 
\
/;f% }6 
'1,v 
(Sathees Kumar) 
CS & Compliance Officer 
~~ 
GICRe 
·+:t11<dl<1 m~ cftin Pl,," 
('lffitf~ctft'ci;q;ft) 
General Insurance Corporation of India 
(Government of India Company) 
"Wffl", 170, ~- cJcT~, ~. ~
- 400 020. 
"SURAKSHA", 170, J. Tata Road, Churchgate, 
Mumbai - 400 020. INDIA Tel.: +91-22-2286 7000 
www.gicofindia.in 
CIN NO.: L67200MH1972GOI016133 IRDA REGN No.: 112 
~ 
'f',~""'1<!T-.ll~ 

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“General Insurance Corporation of India Limited Q1 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT MR. DEVESH SRIVASTAVA - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, GENERAL INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED 
MR. HITESH JOSHI - GENERAL MANAGER, GENERAL 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED 
MS. JAYASHREE RANADE - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, GENERAL INSURANCE CORPORATION OF 
INDIA LIMITED 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to General Insurance Corporation of India Q1 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Binay Sarda from Ernst & Young. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Sarda. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thanks, Tanvi. Good evening to all the participants on the call and thanks for joining this Q1 
FY '23 earnings call for General Insurance Corporation of India. Please note that we have mailed 
the press release to everyone and you can also see the results on our website as well as it has 
been uploaded on the stock exchange. In case if you have not received the same, you can write 
to us and we'll be happy to send it over to you. 
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements which may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future result, performance 
or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 
To take us through the results and answer our questions, we have with us the management of 
GIC represented by Mr. Devesh Srivastava, Chairman and Managing Director and other top 
members of the management. We'll be starting the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone 
past, and then we'll follow-up with a Q&A session. 
With that said, I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Devesh Srivastava sir. Over to you, sir. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
Thank you, Binay ji. Good evening, everyone. I'm pleased to announce the financial performance 
for the quarter and full year ended June 30, 2022. We would like to reaffirm that we are 
continuously taking all necessary measures to improve our overall profitability, and it has been 
our constant endeavor to bring down the combined ratio below 100. We continue to be selective 
with the sole focus on underwriting profitability. 
Let me now take you through some of the key highlights of the financial performance. The gross 
premium income of the corporation was Rs. 11,021 crore for Q1 FY '23 as compared to Rs. 
14,289 crore for the Q1 FY '22. The investment income stood at Rs. 1,890 crore in Q1 FY '23 
as compared to Rs. 1,794 crore in Q1 FY '22. Incurred claims ratio stood at 94.7% in Q1 FY '23 
as compared to 104.3% in Q1 FY '22. Combined ratio in Q1 FY '23 decreased to 110.97% versus 
123.36% for Q1 FY '22. The adjusted combined ratio, by taking into consideration the 
policyholders' investment income, works out to 97% for Q1 FY '23 as compared to 112% in Q1 
FY '22. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
The company recorded profit before tax of Rs. 988 crore in Q1 FY '23 as against loss before tax 
of Rs. 1,166 crore in Q1 FY '22, and profit after tax of Rs. 689 crore in Q1 FY '23 against loss 
after tax of Rs. 771 crore in Q1 FY '22. Solvency stood at 2.14 as on 30/6/2022 as compared to 
1.74 as on 30/6/2021. Net worth of the company, without fair value change account, stood at Rs. 
24,744 crore as on 30/6/2022 as against Rs. 21,285 crore as on 30/6/2021. Net worth of the 
company, including fair value change account, stood at Rs. 53,741 crore as on 30/6/2022 as 
against Rs. 50,673 crore as on 30/6/2021. 
On the premium breakup, domestic premium for Q1 FY '23 is Rs. 8,247 crore and the 
international is Rs. 2,774 crore. The percentage split is domestic 75% and international 25%. So, 
there is a degrowth in the domestic premium by around 21%, while the international book has 
decreased by 28%. We are seeing gradual improvement in the external environment and remain 
confident of improved performance going forward as we expect the combined ratio to start 
moving downwards in the coming quarters. 
Having given the highlights, we will now open the floor for questions from the interested parties. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Arjun 
from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Arjun N.: 
Sir, just wanted to understand that we have seen a sharp decline in the crop segment. If you can 
point out the reason for this. Is it because of the new Beed model that is being implemented? 
How many states are adopting to this model? What would be the impact? First, your reason as 
to why the decline and the impact of Beed model and adoption, et cetera? Your commentary on 
that would be helpful. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
Arjun ji, I will just like to give first overview and then I will request the General Manager in 
charge of crop to step in. If you recall, about 4 or 5 quarters ago, crop was a very heavy 
percentage in our portfolio, and the demand was that we should trim it, get it to more manageable 
levels and contain the high combined ratio that crop was facing. So, this is the point where we 
started doing a lot of pruning of the portfolio, and today, we are at a point when our crop portfolio 
is about 25% of our total book in the Q1 that we have closed, which is where we would want to 
be. Now obviously, there have been changes in the scheme as well. PMFBY has also become 
the Beed model as you talk of. So, I will let Mr. Hitesh Joshi to step in now so that he can also 
chip in. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
So, sir, here, it is not really anything in particular about the Beed model because even with the 
same model, different states, different districts, different clusters can be priced in different ways 
by different market participants. So, the price adequacy can be present or absent despite the kind 
of model that is chosen by a particular state government. As sir said, it is our pruning of the 
portfolio which is leading us to degrowth in the agri portfolio. We have been far more selective 
in supporting the company in terms of the capacity extended and the terms that we offer. That is 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
the reason for the significant degrowth. I think we are at the absolutely right spot now in terms 
of agri profitability, and this is supposed to be a U-turn. We don't expect any more degrowth to 
be there, and we expect that portfolio will keep on improving going forward. Thank you. 
Arjun N.: 
Sir, just one more question from my side. Sir, the overall decline of GWP, what would be the 
5% to 4% cession. Because of that, what would have been the impact? Is it because of the 
mandatory cession came down? Because of that, what would have been the impact? And what 
is the overall general trend, which would have been otherwise contributed? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
See, Arjun, sir, if you look at the way we have gone about pruning our portfolio, this was done 
as per a very decided and pointed strategy. We wanted to write healthy business on our books 
and do away with all the business that had been hurting us over the years. That is why the 
degrowth has been witnessed. But as Mr. Joshi very correctly mentioned, we are at a point of 
inflection now. And henceforth, the corrections that we were intending, has largely been carried 
out. So, now, it is a time to look forward and look upwards. 
Now about the 5% to 4% that you speak about. Well, obviously, I mean, if you take our portfolio 
of the total Indian non-life insurance market which is about Rs. 2,20,000 crore, the 1% will 
clearly be about Rs. 2,000 crore. But on the same breadth, you must also consider that this is a 
high-growth market. If we see the June figures, there has been a growth, and a growth that is 
upward of about 20% year-on-year. So, that is also compensating. So, there are various ways 
and means. So, obviously, the decrease will affect our top line to a certain extent. But fine, there 
are enough ways for us available to make up that shortfall as well. 
Arjun N.: 
If I can just squeeze in one more. Do you foresee this entire mandatory cession going away? 
And in that case, how the impact would be or how would you react? Just a hypothetical question. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
Arjun ji, as we just said, see, there was a time when the mandatory cession was 30%. That time, 
the market was young and everybody needed the support. But as markets mature, which is in 
India now about 20 years that we have spent in the private setup and private companies were 
also allowed, the obligatory cession have come down 20% to 15% to 10% to 5% to now finally, 
4%. 
So, by that trend, going forward, yes, there will be a day when the obligatory cessions will come 
to a naught. But until that happens, it will continue to be something that will come to GIC, and 
there will be other ways because capacity is required. The way the market is growing, capacity 
will certainly be required. The way the risks are now being identified and ways and means being 
sought to mitigate it, insurance and reinsurance will be required. So, this market will require 
support and GIC is geared very much to provide the support to the cedents. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yazer K.M., individual investor. Please go ahead. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Yazer K.M.: 
Sir, I’m having 3 questions. One, regarding the provision for investment loss. What steps will 
be taken by the company to reduce these values because still it is in a higher rate, right? Then 
regarding the second question, this is regarding the net commission ratio. Compared to the 
competitors, I think it's really high because some of the competitor I look, it's just about 5 
percentage. And finally, regarding the performance of company for the investor. What steps will 
be taken by the management to increase the valuation? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
So, Yazer, your first question pertains to the investment bit. Now what exactly was it? Can you 
specify it again, please? 
Yazer K.M.: 
Sir, regarding the provision for investment loss, right, last quarter, it was thousands of crore. 
This quarter also, we have hundreds of crore for the provision loss, for the provision for 
investment loss. So, to reduce the value, any steps taken by the management? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
So, I'll request our CFO, Ms. Jayashree Ranade to step in here. 
Jayashree Ranade: 
Yes, this quarter also, we have recorded around Rs. 163 crore of provision for investments. This 
is basically the provision which we are incorporating for equities, which are consistently below 
the book value for over 3 years. So, this is a mechanism which we are bringing it into the book, 
so that kind of prudent provisioning is done. 
It doesn't mean that our investments have really devalued or any such thing. Going forward, 
definitely whenever the opportunity comes, based on the market movements, the stocks which 
rise above the book value will be liquidated or will be replaced with the good stocks. So, that is 
one of the strategies which we have adopted. Making a provision is kind of a sound accounting 
practice and so we are adopting to this. I'm sure as the market goes up, this provision will also 
have a reversal effect going forward. Have I answered your query, sir? 
Yazer K.M.: 
Okay. Then the second one, regarding the net commission ratio. Because the competitors are 
having very few, like 5% or something, but I think the HRA having at around 18%, right? So, it 
is a normal or I don't know what it is. So, please can you clarify? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
Yazer, I really doubt if there can be anyone who has a commission ratio of 5%. I'm not very sure 
where you're getting the statistics from. 
Yazer K.M.: 
I looked for this one, ICICI Lombard last time. Last 2 quarters, I was checking it, it's around 5%, 
it’s like that. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
You see, reinsurance commissions are very different from a direct insurance company's 
commissions. So, a real apple-to-apple would be to compare reinsurance commissions of 
company A with reinsurance commissions of company B, or with GIC for that matter being a 
reinsurer. So, there, if you see, our approximate outgo of 17% to 18% is in fact, quite good, I 
would say. It is a good commission ratio to have for the business that you are procuring. Then, 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
it has been quite steady over the years. It hasn't fluctuated or gone up or down much. That is 
pretty standard for us. 
And with regard to your third question, it's about the investor value. See, the fundamentals that 
GIC has, the balance sheet that we have, our inherent strength that we have, the intellectual 
capital that we've built over the years, I think it's a testimony to the fact that GIC is a very, very 
solid company. There may be a gap between investor perception and what the company is all 
about, but see, nobody can deny the fact that today the Indian market is driven by GIC. And that 
is something that we take a lot of pride in, and also something that we take as a lot as our 
responsibility towards the market. So, it is now for the investor to see these aspects of the 
working of GIC. 
Yazer K.M.: 
But as an investor, we are having a different situation, right? So, I am asking that one. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
Yes. I mean, if you go purely by the share value and the market, yes, there is an erosion from 
the initial years. But I would always talk about the future that GIC has to offer, looking at our 
current very strong credentials now. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Arjun from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Arjun N.: 
Sir, the impact of floods have already been factored in this loss ratios which happened across 
states in this last 2 months or will it be in the next quarter? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
The impact of floods? See Arjun ji, the IBNRs already take care of this. When we close the 
quarter, the actual valuation is done about the IBNR, which is incurred but not reported, and an 
additional reserve is made for incurred but not enough reported. And they take into consideration 
all the events that have taken place which may affect our book, and reserving is made for that 
accordingly. So, the figures that you have are inclusive of the IBNR and IBNER figures. 
Arjun N.: 
Sir, the foreign loss ratios or the incurred losses that we haven't disclosed has improved 
significantly. If you can give light on what has happened in the foreign book, where we see 
positives, or whether it is because of the rates hardening? That would be helpful. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
I'll just request Mr. Joshi to comment. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
I think it is a mixture of everything. It is the rate hardening as well as pruning as also our being 
more selective. So, it will gradually be more apparent in our results going forward. That is what 
we expect. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Sonawane from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead 
Deepak Sonawane: 
So, my first question is on growth, basically on foreign book. So, like 2 or 3 quarters back, we 
were quite optimistic on foreign motor, right? But in Q4 and even in Q3 FY '22, we were kind 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
of cautious on that, specifically in U.S. motor. So, is this trend continuing even in Q1, I mean, 
the 21% degrowth we have reported? Is it from that angle should we look at? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
Deepak ji, it's not the motor alone, there has been a pruning in all the portfolio. Motor certainly 
has contributed to it. It has come down by about 20% from the quarter 1 of last year. So, what 
you're talking about, the U.S. motor, is something that obviously is continuing. I would request 
Hitesh ji to add something to it. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
It is the same thing. Essentially, we are taking a step back in preparation for taking a step 
forward. So, a bit of consolidation, we are getting familiarized with this particular segment of 
the U.S. market, which is a very peculiar model in terms of the way underwriting and distribution 
takes place in that market. So, it is kind of a preparation for more growth in that market. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
And my second question is on the underwriting losses that have been reported on the health side. 
If you compare our underwriting losses and compare it to what all other non-life insurance have 
reported for Q1, we see there’s some kind of mismatch because they have reported kind of a 
strong improvement, especially in claims ratio. And compared to that, are underwriting losses 
I'll say still way behind. So, is there any lag effect are we experiencing in terms of claims 
settlement or in terms of any underwriting changes you have done for the quarter? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
See, Deepak ji, there will always be a lag effect between a direct insurer and a reinsurer. So, 
because after the quarter gets over, only then will they submit their statements of account. So, 
what is Q1 for them will be Q2 for us. So, a better way of comparing how we have performed 
in this quarter is to look at the way the quarter of the previous year, that is 30/6/2021 has ended. 
And there, if you see, the claim ratio has come down, the incurred claim ratio as a percentage of 
the net premium has come down from 129% to 109%. Sorry, this is Health. Right, so 104% to 
94.9%. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
Sir, 94.9% combined ratio is for health for Q1, right, this quarter? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
That's correct. As compared to 104% for the previous quarter. The previous quarter means period 
quarter last year. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
2021, right? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
That's correct. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
And what was that number for Q1 FY '22? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
So, that's what I'm telling you that the Q1 '21, I mean, 30/6/2021, we incurred of 104%. Incurred 
claim ratio of 104%, which for 30/6/2022 has come down to 94.7%. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Manoj Sah from Laxgov Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Manoj Sah: 
My question is like as you said that, you had claims after a lag, are we done mostly with the 
COVID claims? Or are there still to go? As you said, normally, you get claims from the PSU 
insurance with a lag of 1 quarter or 2 quarters? That is first question. Also, as you said, you are 
repricing your premiums. So, has it been done, it has taken effect? Or with every quarter, we 
will see some improvement in the premium pricing? Can you comment on this? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
Manoj ji, the lag that we spoke about was true for the market. It is not a public sector or a private 
sector thing, because when 30/6 happens and the accounts are closed for Q1, the private sector 
or the public sector put together, that means the non-life insurance market will report it 45 days 
from then. So, that means those figures will appear to us in quarter 2, which is 30th September 
figures. So, that lag is something that is a part of the way the business is conducted globally. It's 
not something that is here in India, but globally, this is how it all happens, that the lag effect 
does take place. 
Now about the COVID claim, see, largely, the COVID claims came from our foreign writing. 
Because, as you know, in the Indian market, we were insulated by the GI council, which said 
that BI claims in the absence of PD is not tenable. Now with a large part of our book being 
domestic, that was already taken care of. For the foreign ones, we had been getting those claims, 
but they were already provided for in the IBNR and the IBNER, so it has already been taken 
care of. We also have some claims in the life portfolio where I'll request our life actuary to just 
give his thoughts so that you get a better idea about how the whole thing moves. 
Management: 
With respect to the COVID claims on the life side, yes, the claims are still being reported. But 
more or less, they are at a manageable level now. Most of the COVID claims that we have seen 
on the life side coincide with something that we've known commonly, we refer to as the second 
COVID wave in India, that is the accident quarter or the event quarter can be clubbed as April, 
May, June 2021. So, given that we are 4 quarters ahead, most claims related to that quarter have 
been reported. But still, yes, COVID claims continue to be reported, but the magnitude is, how 
I should put it, the magnitude is very small compared to what we had observed 2 or 3 quarters 
back. 
Manoj Sah: 
My second question was with respect to the premium repricing because I've been listening to 
your calls for last few quarters, but we have been talking about premium repricing and bringing 
down the combined ratio, but that has not reflected in the numbers, or maybe it's too soon to get 
noticed as of now. Because if we notice the last 7, 8 quarters, like I have been on the call, so it 
seems like nothing has got reflected in the stock price as of now because see either your 
combined ratio has to come down or the premium has to go up to make the company profitable, 
which you have been striving for. So, if you can comment on the premium repricing part. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
See, even for life as also for non-life, the premiums have seen a northward trend. But to 
specifically answer your combined ratio query or question or point, see, in quarter 1 of last year, 
the combined was 123%, which is down to 111% this year, in this quarter now. So, there is a 
very perceptible and a very huge jump in the combine in a better sense. 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
So, I mean, whatever efforts we are making is coming to light and it's telling us that we are on 
the right path. So, there is no doubt in our minds that we are on the right path, and whatever we 
are doing is leading to us being a much more healthier corporation going forward. So, that is 
something that is very, very evident even from the figures that we have in front of us. 
Manoj Sah: 
So, can you comment, can we see at some point in time, 2, 3 quarters down the line, we can have 
a combined ratio below 100%? Can we see that by the end of this year? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
See, that is the endeavor. Now if you look at the way GIC performs, essentially, almost 90% of 
our business happens on just 2 dates, 1st April and 1st January. 1st April when the domestic 
insurance market renews, and 1st January when largely the international book renews. Now in 
these 2 dates are the only ones when you can make certain differences. So, obviously, it's not 
something that's going to happen overnight. And plus, GIC being a large ship, it will take time 
to turn around. But if you see the figures we have in front of us, I think the numbers are very 
convincing. 
Manoj Sah: 
What I saw this quarter, combined ratio is around 111%. But if you see, compare it with the 
quarter-on-quarter with March quarter, it was like 74%, okay? That seems to be a little aberration 
kind of. But last year, it was like 123%, it has come down to 111%. But April, hovering around 
between 110% to 120%, 125%. So, can we see it going down below 100%? My question is that. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
That is what I'm telling you that we are working towards making it go down below 100%. But 
March quarter, which you're talking about, I mean, don't take it quarter-on-quarter. We closed 
March at about 112% overall combined. 
A better measure for our performance would be taking this quarter 1, comparing it to the quarter 
1 of the previous year, because that is how the book is best compared. So, there is definitely a 
come down, and this trend is something that we feel is going to continue as we move from this 
quarter to the next and to the quarter thereafter. 
Manoj Sah: 
So, are you trying to book good quality business so that we have a lower and lower combined 
ratio, kind of it? And leaving some business so that even if it is that there is no volume growth, 
but at least our combined ratio remains within a reasonable level? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
Exactly, that's what we are saying. That is the entire endeavor. That is why you see a degrowth 
because we have pruned our portfolio. We are becoming very selective in what we write. So, we 
have sacrificed our top line at the altar of the bottom line. 
Manoj Sah: 
See, but now days what we are seeing is like the company is getting claims with one or other 
event either in the international market or in the domestic market. Yes, we had COVID before 
that, some other things were there, the cyclones were there. Now, recently in last few months we 
have seen floods. So, it feels like a never-ending kind of a quarter. If someone who has invested 
in your company and been tracking for over the last 7, 8 quarters kind of stuff, even much beyond 

 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
that. So, sir, what I want to bring to your notice here is that investors' patience are running out 
those who have been holding your company share for quite a few years. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
See, reinsurance is a long-term business, and never forget the fact that we are in the business of 
risk. So, we cannot shy away from risk, we have to embrace it. That is what the business is all 
about, exactly what we are doing. What we are being careful is who do we embrace or who do 
we take into our fold. Is it something that is perennially risk making, or is it something that has 
a very low possibility or a probability of having a loss? So, that is why we have to prune our 
portfolio and make it healthier, exactly what we are doing. 
We cannot say that we will not write floods. If you don't write a peril of flood, what do you 
write, then? We are in this business. The whole idea is to choose which ones to write and which 
ones to let go. Exactly what we are doing, and we shall continue to do that in our portfolio 
because we are accepting only good business now. 
Manoj Sah: 
So, can we assume that the next 2, 3 quarters, we will see some large improvement as we move 
on during this year? 
Devesh Srivastava: 
That marked improvement is already very visible in the figures of quarter 1 that we have placed 
before you. And yes, going forward, most certainly, it should improve further. 
Manoj Sah: 
Because I've been following your company for quite a few quarters, so I've been like trying to 
see when can we see some improvement. But as of now, it's coming very slowly that it is not 
getting even noticed kind of stuff. So, that's what I want to just bring to your attention, okay. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to management for closing 
comments. 
Devesh Srivastava: 
So, thanks, everyone, for your time today in the afternoon. As is very evident, we have been 
working on a very well thought of and chartered path, wherein we intend to get our combined 
within controls, get it as close to 100% in the shortest possible time. And going forward, we 
shall continue to make our portfolio healthier so that you have a more solid balance sheet for 
GIC, which is what a reinsurer is all about. And in the long term, we emerge as a much more 
healthier and a much better company than we were yesterday. This endeavor shall continue, and 
thank you again for your time today. Goodbye and take care. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of General Insurance Corporation of India, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
