 
 
 
 
 
KOLTE-PATIL DEVELOPERS LTD. 
CIN : L45200PN1991PLC129428 
Pune Regd. Office: 2nd Floor, City Point, Dhole Patil Road, Punc 411001. Maharashtra, India. Tel.: +91  20 6622 6500  Fax : +91  20 6622 6511 
Bangalore Office: 121, The Estate Building, 10th floor, Dickenson Road, Bangalore 560042,  India. Tel.: 080- 4662 4444 / 2224 3135/ 2224 2803 
Web.: www.koltepatil.com 
 
 
 
To, 
The Assistant Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, ‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
To,  
The General Manager,  
BSE Limited,  
Corporate Relationship Department, 
 
1st floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
20 August 2022 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings call held on 12 August 2022 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ  
        BSE Code and Scrip Code: 9624 and 532924 
         
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith transcript of earnings call held on 12 August 2022. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
For Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vinod Patil  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A13258 
 
 
 
 
 
VINOD 
EKNATH 
PATIL
Digitally signed by VINOD EKNATH 
PATIL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=411038, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=031A4F8F7667DFD6F
101AD302FF701154E7EC2E00D731A
673EB62A5F34869955, cn=VINOD 
EKNATH PATIL 
Date: 2022.08.20 23:05:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Kolte-PatilDevelopers Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL TALELE – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
MR. PAWAN LOHIYA – HEAD - FINANCE 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kolte-PatilDevelopers Limited Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Shiv Muttoo from Adfactors. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on the Q1 FY23 results 
conference call of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited. We have with us today Rahul Talele – Group 
CEO and Pawan Lohiya – Head Finance. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in today’s discussion may be 
forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement 
in this regard is available in the Q1 FY23 Results Presentation that has been sent to you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Rahul Talele to begin the proceedings of the call. 
Rahul Talele: 
Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to everyone present on this call and thank you 
for joining us today to discuss the operating and financial performance of Kolte-Patil Developers 
Limited for the first quarter of FY23. 
                                               I would like to begin by sharing with you our views and takeaways on the prevailing macro and 
real estate environment, followed by a discussion on key initiatives, broad strategies, and an 
overview of the highlights of the first quarter's performance. Pawan will then take you through 
the key financial highlights. We also look forward to taking your questions and suggestions 
during today’s call. 
                                               To start with, some thoughts on the prevailing macroeconomic scenario that has a bearing on 
consumer spending behavior and therefore on our business as well. We believe that the recent 
news flow and data dynamics are indicating that India is once again getting to be well-positioned 
for expansion in domestic demand. We see government actions, the reforms agenda, and the 
policy framework supporting an upswing in private sector investments and productivity 
improvements across sectors, thereby creating a virtuous cycle in the economy. After a long 
period of adjustment, financial sector balance sheets are looking more robust, indicating a 
turnaround in the fortunes of a wide variety of borrowers. This also means that there is greater 
resource availability to spur the next set of economic growth drivers. The recent impact of oil 
and commodity price escalations had impacted sentiments. With prices cooling down, more 
stability is expected in the economic environment, creating confidence for improved spending 
and more positive consumer behavior.  
 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
                                               From the perspective of the Indian real estate industry, as in the case of several other sectors, 
recent developments have caused some escalation in raw material prices. However, the key 
difference here is that, unlike many other industries, real estate has the drivers to create a pass-
on mechanism for cost escalations. This is especially true for strong brands with efficient 
execution capabilities and solid reputations built over many years of building customer 
confidence and delivering to expectations.  
                                               We believe Kolte-Patil is one such brand and our strong market position is now reflected in the 
positive data points that our business is generating. Our business is also displaying several other 
elements of strength based on three decades of focused efforts to establish a well-respected 
franchise within our core customer base. From the customers’ perspective, we have built long-
term engagements on the foundations of trust. From the business standpoint, we have been an 
early adopter of the manufacturing model in the real estate sector across the 23 million square 
feet of area delivered till date.  
                                               We are now bringing in elements of Visibility, Predictability, and Sustainability into our 
operating model. We are focused on expanding Visibility within our target audiences in the 
focused cities of presence and deep engagements with all other key stakeholders as well. 
Predictability of thinking, planning, and processes that will further strengthen our corporate 
framework. Sustainability of practices that create a resilient structure to drive growth. We believe 
these attributes are essential to our ambitions of graduating from a mid-sized real estate player 
to creating a larger presence in the industry over the next few years.   
                                                Now, talking about operating performance, we have entered FY23 carrying the momentum of 
the previous year that saw Kolte-Patil deliver in line with our stated pre-sales guidance in a weak 
operating environment. This was largely on the back of a sustenance projects-based portfolio.  
                                               During Q1 FY23, on the operational front, the company's sales bookings stood at 0.61 million 
square feet with a value of Rs. 445 crore, a growth of 53% in volume and 79% in value compared 
to Q1 FY22. Along with sales bookings, project execution activity remained strong and 
collections from customers increased to Rs. 474 crore during the quarter compared to Rs. 279 
crore in Q1 of the preceding year, a growth of 70%. 
                                               Price realization has seen a significant jump based on several factors – including higher 
realizations in ongoing sales from projects across the board, product mix contribution from our 
Pune-based inventory, and strong sales momentum in Mumbai. This has led to an improvement 
in APR from Rs. 6,418 in Q4 FY22 to Rs. 7,260 per square foot in Q1 FY23.  
 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
                                               We now expect to deliver 25-30% sales growth by value in FY23. We have a pipeline of projects 
lined up for launch in the coming months, across Pune, Mumbai, and Bengaluru with an 
aggregate saleable area of 8.95 million square feet and topline potential of around Rs. 6,300 
crore. 
                                               We also remain focused on meeting our business development target of Rs. 7,000 crore of topline 
potential for the current financial year. As a part of this plan, we continue to evaluate 
opportunities such as the acquisition of Pune-based Sampada Realties announced yesterday. This 
particular transaction provides a revenue opportunity of Rs. 1,400 crore at Kiwale in Pune, with 
all regulatory approvals in place and we expect to start launching in phases in the current quarter 
itself. We will continue to add more such projects to our portfolio by leveraging our market 
visibility and balance sheet position for growth.   
                                               Today, with the residential real estate segment in a structural upcycle, we expect the demand 
momentum to continue for the next three to five years and we are positioning our organizational 
resources accordingly. Despite the rise in interest rates, affordability is still at its best backed by 
strong wage growth trends. The underlying structural drivers of demand remain strong and 
customers continue to favor developers and projects that provide the comfort of reliability, 
credibility, and a strong track record.  
                                               We see this as an opportunity to take the leap of faith into the future. We are now targeting Rs. 
8,000-9,000 crore of cumulative pre-sales over FY23, FY24, and FY25. This compares with Rs. 
4,300 crore of pre-sales by value over the last three years. We also look to drive forward on our 
business diversification objectives with about 40-45% revenues from Mumbai and Bengaluru by 
FY25. Underlying these transitions will remain our structure of business discipline that has 
remained with us through the years. We will continue to drive returns on capital, driving growth 
with cash-light partnerships and engagement models. 
                                               With that, I now hand over the proceedings of this call to Pawan to provide a financial overview. 
 
Pawan Lohiya: 
Thank you, Rahul. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now briefly take you through our financial 
performance for the first quarter FY23. Based on CCM-based accounting, in Q1 we clocked 
revenues of Rs. 200 crore, whereas EBITDA for Q1 stood at Rs. 46.9 crore compared to EBITDA 
of Rs. 40.5 crore in Q4 FY22. Our net profit after tax post minority interest came in at Rs. 21.2 
crore compared to Rs. 26.8 crore in Q4 FY22. 
                                               Here, we would like to remind you that recognition of revenue and profits are dependent on the 
timing of project competition based on statutory accounting guidelines. We see a strong drive on 
the deliveries front in FY23. Linked to project completion and deliveries would be higher 
revenue recognition in the ensuing period. 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
                                               Our net debt to equity stands at 0.15 as on June 30, 2022. Our focus will remain on maintaining 
sales performance, timely execution, and cash flows, which will continue to drive P&L 
performance over time. 
                                              On that note, I conclude my opening remarks and would now like to ask the moderator to open 
the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal, please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Congratulations on a great start and the deal you announced yesterday is finally good to see 
some progress on business development. Firstly, on business development, one specifically on 
the deal, prima facie it does seem very attractive. Total investment of Rs. 120 crores for that 
much of size and project is largely plug and play. You are hoping to launch the first phase in the 
next quarter. If you can just describe a bit in terms of how you managed to get this deal 
attractively valued and what sort of margin expectations are we targeting?  
Rahul Talele: 
Thank you Pritesh. Sampada Realities started this project in 2007. They acquired this property 
from landowners and launched this project in 2011. But in the last eight to ten years, they have 
just delivered 8 to 9 lakh sq. ft. There were multiple parties involved in this transaction, and the 
potential of this transaction is around 2.5 million sq. ft. We are expecting around a top-line 
potential of Rs. 1,400 crores over here and EBITDA margin of approximately 24% to 26% of 
EBITDA margin. In terms of the absolute number in the range of 1,300 to 1,500 per square feet 
EBITDA margin, we are expecting from this project. Pritesh, during our earlier calls, I used to 
always say that we always do very stringent due diligence and we have various sets of parameters 
to assess the transaction and considering the leadership position in Pune, landowners, and even 
the stalled project owners and the developers, their first choice of opportunities with the Kolte-
Patilas a developer and that is how we got this deal. So there were multiple complexities involved 
in this deal but somehow with the help of the cohesive working internally and with the help of 
the strong consultant onboarding on this to provide various technical, legal as well as financial 
due diligence since we were entering into a live company though it is the only asset in that 
company. Considering the complexity, brand legacy, and brand capabilities in the Pune market, 
we could close this value deal for us.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay, any kind of distress or any liability that we are carrying from the company that will be 
part of our books?  
Rahul Talele: 
No Pritesh, there are no liabilities for us. The only thing is we have to complete the ongoing 
phase over there which is a couple of lakhs square foot and we are confident that we are going 
to complete that in 8 to 9 months. It is already factored in the cost of Rs. 120 crores. 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Pritesh Sheth: 
I think for the first time you have given clarity on what is the size of business development that 
you are targeting this year. Firstly, how much is the pipeline that you are looking at to target that 
Rs. 7,000 crores of GDV addition this year, and in terms of what areas you are looking at which 
largely again Pune or a mix of Pune, Mumbai, Bangalore across the market? 
Rahul Talele: 
To be very honest, to begin with, this financial year, we have set the target of Rs. 7,000 crores 
for business development activity with the 7 to 8 million sq. ft. of BD in Pune, around 1 million 
sq. ft. of business development in the city of Mumbai and around 1 to 2 million sq. ft. in 
Bengaluru. We are still continuing with our guidance. And there is a strong pipeline I have 
already mentioned in our earlier call as well. At the same time, let me accept that our due 
diligence and various process is very stringent. Because of that maybe it is taking a little more 
time but we are confident that we are going to achieve this target in this financial year itself. 
Considering the fact that there are multiple advanced levels of discussions going parallelly  in 
Pune, Mumbai, and Bangalore. In Pune at this moment, around 4,000 crores of top-line worth 
potentials are in a very advanced age of pipeline. In terms of areas, it is close to 6-6.5 million 
sq. ft. In Mumbai, we are targeting a closure of 2,000 crores of top-line worth projects. These 
are largely due to a strong presence in western Mumbai, now we are targeting the central and 
Navi Mumbai suburbs. So, that we will have good visibility and that is in sync with our Mumbai 
BD strategy. We want to restrict our Mumbai project portfolio, project size in the range of say 
300 to 700 crores of top line at one project and at the same time 1.5 to 3.5 crores for an individual 
unit. We are confident that we are going to achieve this. In terms of Pune, we are targeting new 
micro markets wherein we don't have a presence. All these deals are such like Kiwale, which is 
one of the examples. Other deals also we are targeting in other micro markets wherein the sales 
velocity is already there. There is a good amount of demand. Competition is selling good and 
we want to enter those sectors.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
I just wanted to understand, this quarter we've launched only one project Giga right?  
Rahul Talele: 
Yes.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
So if I exclude that, roughly the ballpark number in terms of presale is at 0.52. I understand we 
are actively looking at the BD pipeline aggressively but unless and until we do not see scale up 
in the existing, especially on the LR, how do we I mean we are talking about 8,000, 9,000 odd 
crores, and unless and until we see some aggressiveness as far as LR project is concerned? So 
just wanted to understand the thought process out there.  
Rahul Talele: 
Okay, thanks Shreyans. We have given details on the priority launches. That is to the tune of 
6,300 crores across geographies and we have only classified all those projects wherein we are 
actually in a very advanced stage of approval. So, let it be Kiwale completely approved. Our 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Baner project is in a very advanced stage of approval and we have received all sets of approval 
for our Life Republic projects. For LR we have received the key approval of environment 
clearance for around 4 million sq. ft. and in fact for the Sukh Niwas project, which is again in 
Mumbai,  we have received the CC today. So we are going to apply for RERA. In Golden 
Pebbles, which is again in Mumbai, we have received the IOD and the society has vacated and 
now the demolition work has begun. In the next 30 to 45 days, we'll be receiving a CC for that 
as well. Bengaluru’s Raaga we have already applied to various authorities for approval. We have 
classified all these priority launches where there is the possibility of a definitive launch right 
from the next 15 days to the next 3 to 4 months. All this potential will get a sanction and out of 
this, depending on the project size, we are going to launch partially. So we are targeting launches 
of close to 2,500 to 3,000 crores in the next 3 to 4 months.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. Just to put it other way, in terms of if I look at the LR run rate we are still not even at the 
pre-COVID levels, the peak which we've done. So, how do you think that probably by FY 23 
end we should see that scaling up? 
Rahul Talele: 
Shreyans, I believe we have achieved the highest sales in terms of value at the Life Republic last 
year as compared to the pre-COVID numbers and not only in terms of value but as well as in 
terms of the per square foot price realization since though it was a sustenance sales, I mean the 
leftover inventory or the partial leftover inventory, we could improve our price realization in the 
range of 3% to 7%-8% in the Life Republic project. So there is a good possibility of additional 
value additions. Also, now since we are running a township model with a supermarket of 
products, there is a price range of 35 to 80 lakhs as on date and with this new launches which 
are mentioned in that slide, our price range is right from say 30 lakh to 1.4 crores. So that will 
give us an additional volume at LR. Considering the demand for the premium houses or the 
spacious houses, we are confident that this year itself we are going to surpass significantly as 
compared to the delivered number of last financial year. At the same time, since this is a big 
township we are parallelly looking for strategic monetization for all those potential which is 
going to be live after 7-8 years. Instead of that, we are trying to monetize that and if there is a 
possibility we want to acquire projects at other locations, we are evaluating that as well. Also, 
at the same time in the next 3 to 4 months, we are planning to launch a 24K vertical at the 
township that will again add volume and value at the township and we are also targeting a 
plotting segment at the township. All put together we are confident that we are going to achieve 
significant growth at the township level.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. My second question pertains to realization, so if you could quantify how much is it 
because of the price and how much is it because of the product mix? 
Rahul Talele: 
Out of this, our last quarter realization was 6,420 and this is in the range of 7,260. There is a 
delta of around Rs. 800. This is a 13% to 14% of improvement in price realization out of that, 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
say 3% to 4% is just because of the improvement in the prices at the project level itself and the 
rest is a combination of contribution from a premium project and change in product mix.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
This 3% to 4% price hike, is it that we've taken at one go or probably we might see in coming 
quarters as well.  
Rahul Talele: 
There is a certainty of a price improvement in coming quarters as well. There is a price 
mechanism that we follow. On a quarterly basis, we try to freeze the price for the entire company 
level and we review that on a monthly basis. We are now targeting all those new projects that 
we are planning to launch mentioned in that priority list, over there as compared to our business 
plan assumptions we are targeting almost 5% to 7% extra at the time of launch itself.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Last question from my side, in this slide which is given on priority launches, can you just 
give some tentative numbers or in terms of when also, for example, Baner when you expect it to 
launch, same for Pimple Nilakh and Tathawade.  
Rahul Talele: 
Baner will get launched in the next two months. In terms of Pimple Nilakh, it will get launched 
in Q3 or early Q4, and Tathawade, we have received all sets of approvals and it will get launched 
in another 30 to 45 days.  
Shayan Mehta: 
30 to 45 days and the same for the Mumbai projects? 
Rahul Talele: 
Mumbai projects, in fact, we have received all sets of approvals, now the vacation and the 
demolition process is going on. Sukh Niwas will get launched in the next 20 to 30 days and 
Golden Pebbles in another 30 to 45 days or max 2 months and for the Life Republic, certainly, 
we are confident that projects can get launched in the next 60 days.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Next 60 days?  
Rahul Talele: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivam Prashar, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Shivam Prashar: 
My question would be how much time will it take for the execution part for it to happen, for the 
ongoing construction that's happening, and what are the margins that you expect?  
Rahul Talele: 
Every quarter or every year we are launching a project and there is a difference in the height of 
the building. Every project has a different set of RERA timelines in the range of say 2 years to 
4 years from a RERA perspective, at the same time, with all this ongoing inventory we are 
confident that we'll be finishing the deliveries in the next 18 months to 3 years. In fact, this year 
again, we are confident that it will be very strong in terms of deliveries. We are targeting a 
delivery of close to 3.5 million sq. ft. this year itself.  

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Shivam Prashar: 
Can you tell me the rupee value of the 3.5 million sq. ft. which you're targeting to deliver this 
year?  
Rahul Talele: 
Okay, so it will be in the range of 1,600 to 1,900 crores.  
Shivam Prashar: 
This will be executed this year only? 
Rahul Talele: 
Yes. 
Shivam Prashar: 
How much do you see in the next 24 months? 
Rahul Talele: 
Next year, since we have sold out, for next year again our deliveries will be more than 3 million 
sq. ft. Since the price realization, if you see the trend in the last few quarters, there is a big jump 
in the price realization. Considering that fact, maybe we'll be targeting more than 2,000 crores 
of revenue recognition in the next financial year.  
Shivam Prashar: 
Okay. This will be the execution part. 
Rahul Talele: 
In the next three years, we are going to deliver around close to say 8 to 10 million sq. ft. of 
deliveries.  
Shivam Prashar: 
Okay. What would be the margins for the first 3.5 million sq. ft. deliveries you will be looking 
for and for the next year the same? Can get the margins and any fluctuation in margins you are 
seeing due to this commodity price any revision in prices, revision in margins or so? 
Rahul Talele: 
Let me answer the second part. There is hardly a fluctuation in terms of the cost of construction 
since all these projects which are going to deliver in this year are already in the finishing stage 
and the commodity prices with uptick are for all those items which are required at the beginning 
half of the project. There is a very limited impact in terms of commodity price hikes. We are 
targeting EBITDA of around 24-25% with a PAT expectation of around 12 to 14%.  
Shivam Prashar: 
Okay and you won't revise these? These will be revised upwards only not downwards I guess? 
Rahul Talele: 
Yes, certainly.  
Shivam Prashar: 
General question, if you can highlight to me the market share percentage if you have gained any 
market share or lost any market share in certain markets? 
Rahul Talele: 
From various reports Pune market is in the range of say 40,000 odd crores to 60,000 odd crores. 
We are achieving around say 1,100-1,200 crores in Pune. We are consistently in the top five 
positions in Pune since last 20-25 years and maybe we are the only developer there since the 
beginning.  

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Shivam Prashar: 
Okay other markets? Any market share percentage? You are losing market share in Pune or you 
are gaining market share or you're just maintaining the market share? I wanted to listen to that.  
Rahul Talele: 
Let me classify this. Now, Pune has grown so big. We have classified Pune into various micro 
markets wherein we have the projects. We are consistently achieving our market share. In fact, 
there is betterment in our market share even if there is competition. And hence, what I discussed 
earlier, we are targeting all those new micro markets wherein we don't have a presence and that 
will give us a very good amount of delta in terms of volume. There are multiple micro markets 
we are targeting to enter and with that possibility, there is a good amount of room left to double 
our volumes in Pune itself, maybe in the next financial year.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Again, on the Life Republic good to see launches ramping up and we 
are now bringing a variety of products with plotting and the 24K project as well within the next 
24 months. Previous participants rightly highlighted as well that we have been in the 8 lakh sq. 
ft. to 1 million sq. ft. range since quite some time now. With this ramp-up in launches and 
bringing in a variety of products, do we expect the scale to improve in the Life Republic from 1 
to maybe 1.5 million sq. ft. on annual basis?  
Rahul Talele: 
Pritesh, certainly we are confident about more volumes coming from the Life Republic. In the 
next 12 months from now, we are gunning for 1.5 million sq. ft. of presales number at the 
township.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
This plotting is just one opportunistic thing that you're doing or do you have a larger land size 
that we have dedicated for this plotted development in this township?  
Rahul Talele: 
No, since it is a township as I mentioned earlier, we want to go with the supermarket concepts. 
We want to give varieties to the customers. Nowadays, the plotting is in demand, and considering 
that we have already delivered one sector in the township, we started with a sale rate of 3,800. 
Last units we sold at more than Rs. 5,000  sq. ft. So, considering that positive momentum, we 
want to encash that opportunity at a limited level in the township.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay, got it. In terms of realization, we have already reached around Rs. 5,500 per sq. ft. on 
average. Considering how strong the demand is right now across cities and for our products as 
well, do we end it to scale up this further to around Rs. 6,000 - 6,500 where utilizing the 
additional township FSI that we have of 1.7, also starts to make economically viable sense for 
that matter. Is that the plan now?  
Rahul Talele: 
Yes, certainly. There has to be a right balance between volume and value. Considering that, we 
are running for the step-by-step approach, now we are planning to launch new sectors with a 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
starting rate of 5,400 to 5,500 and after the various categorization of the inventory, easy to sell, 
moderate to sell, and difficult to sell, our average realization will be in the range of 5,700 to 
5,800. That is our projections for this set of next launches. At the same time, there is a good 
amount of possibility of consumption of that additional FSI as well. Considering the fact that I 
have mentioned during our earlier interactions that if you touch that 6,000 level, then we can 
certainly go beyond 70 meters of development and we are certainly planning to come up with 
that kind of development through 24K product.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay, got it. Roughly how much that increases the potential of LR if we go for the higher FSI 
and right now we are at 11 million sq. ft. of additional development that we have, which is still 
not launched, what would be the additional potential that we might look at?  
Rahul Talele: 
LR total potential I mean, we have given that note in our presentation as well. There is a potential 
left of more than 20 million sq. ft. at this moment at Township. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
At 1 FSI we are still at 11 million sq. ft. additional and it can go up to 20 million.  
Rahul Talele: 
Yes. So, this new launch of around 3 million sq. ft. is a part of 20 million, it is a combination of 
residential and economic activity. It is largely residential with around 13 or 14 million sq. ft. and 
5-6 million sq. ft. of economic activities, which is largely a commercial development.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Just a follow-up in terms of cash outflow. Just wanted to understand what is the pending 
construction cost to be incurred for this year and next year? 
Pawan Lohiya: 
From the ongoing project, the pending cost which is to be incurred is around Rs. 1,500 crores. 
Out of that, we are planning to spend around Rs.600- 650 crores this year and balance in the next 
18 odd months.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Rs 900 odd crores in next 18 months.  
Pawan Lohiya: 
Yes, that's it for the existing launch project.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
For the recently acquired project, and to be launched, what would be the rough indicative number 
in terms of investment?  
Rahul Talele: 
For Kiwale project, the investment amount is Rs. 120 crores, and all those projects that I have 
mentioned earlier, we have to invest obviously in tranches of around six to nine months. Our 
investment requirement will be in the range of Rs. 400 to Rs. 500 crores.  

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Given that probably this year, we have an aggressive bit pipeline as well as we have a certain 
portion of construction also moving in, how do you see the balance sheet moving from here on, 
especially in terms of leverage? 
Rahul Talele: 
At this moment, our net debt to equity is 0.15 and there is an internal approval till 0.5. There is 
a good amount of delta left of around Rs. 300 – Rs. 400 crores to further leverage. That is our 
plan B and plan A is through internal accruals and through what I mentioned earlier, through 
strategic monetization at the Life Republic and then backed by this leveraging, we are confident 
that we'll achieve our target.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Lastly again dwelling more on LR. Just wanted to understand, are we in talk with any 
players like we had earlier where we have monetized the land with the planet? Are we in talk 
with any other players or with the same player?  
Rahul Talele: 
We are in discussion with a couple of players for private equity infusion like what was the 
structure at Planet.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Right, so it's still at the initial stage? 
Rahul Talele: 
Very initial stage. As a group, if you see the history of growth we have relied on the various 
private equity partner. We are in discussion since we are launching multiple projects we are in 
discussion with private equity players.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now hand the conference over to management for 
closing comments.  
Rahul Talele: 
Thank you once again for your interest and support. We'll continue to stay engaged. Please be 
in touch with our investor relations team for any further details or discussions. Look forward to 
interacting with you next quarter and wish you all a happy Independence Day in advance.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Kolte-Patilthat concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines.  
