Valicon 
August 20, 2022 
To 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531147 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Casting the Future 
Se 
To 
The Manager 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
We 
are enclosing herewith the transcript 
of conference 
call with 
analysts, which took 
place 
on 
12" August 2022, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for quarter ended June 30, 2022, 
The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company. 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
Ww 
(5-1 
Veena Vaidya 
Company Secretary 
(M.No, F8951) 
  
Alicon Castalloy Limited, Gat No, 1426, EE 
4 
Tal. Shirur, District Pune - 412208, Maharashtra 
www.alicongroup.co.in 
PP) EY eee ee 
L99999PN1990PLC059487 
F: 
+91 2137677130 
CIN No. :

Valicon 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2022 
  
Moderator: 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference 
Call of Alicon Castalloy Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Thank You. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on Alicon Castalloy 
Limited's Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us on the call today Mr. Rajeev Sikand -- Group CEO; Mr. Vimal Gupta 
-- Group CFO; Mr. Shekhar Dravid 
-- Chief Operating Officer of Alicon Castalloy 
Limited; Mr. Andreas Heim -- Managing Director of Illichmann Castalloy and Mr. 
Rajiv Gupta — Head of Domestic Business of Alicon Castalloy Limited. 
Mr. Vimal Gupta will cover the Financial Performance for the Quarter, following 
which Mr. Dravid will walk us through the operating highlights. In order to share a 
more granular view of the initiatives towards both the Global and Domestic 
Markets, we also have Mr. Andreas Heim and Mr. Rajiv Gupta to provide Insights 
on these areas. Following the comments from the team, our group CEO, Mr. Rajeev 
Sikand, will give us a brief summary of the quarter gone by and encapsulate the 
strategic imperatives. Thereafter, we shall open the forum for a Q&A Session. 
Before we begin, 
| would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and 
a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the earnings documents shared with all of you earlier. 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Vimal Gupta: 
| would now like to hand over the flow to Mr. Vimal Gupta for his Opening Remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Good morning to all our investors. 
| hope that all of you and your near and dear 
ones are safe and well. Thank you for taking the time out to join our earning call. 
We have started the new Fiscal Year 2023 on 
a positive note despite multiple 
challenges on the macroeconomic front, such as 
a volatile economic backdrop, 
lingering supply chain issues, ongoing COVID dynamics and the continuation of the 
Russia-Ukraine war. For the Mobility Customers, the sharp rise in input prices has 
led to price hikes by OEMs while increase in fuel costs has contributed to higher 
cost of ownership of vehicle. Further, there has been a backdrop of high inflation 
impacting discretionary income 
even 
as 
increasing 
interest 
rates 
are 
further 
contributing to the pressures. Despite this potent mix of challenges, the demand 
environment across domestic and international markets has remained resilient and 
is turning favorable. We have witnessed higher than expected volumes across the 
global and domestic industry. S&P Global 
has recently revised upwards their 
projections for Global Light vehicle production for Calendar Year 2022 from 4.1% to 
4.7%. 
In India, we have witnessed increased traction in auto sales especially in the PV and 
MHCV categories in the industry. On 
a year-on-year basis, we have seen sharp 
increase in volume performance due to the low base of the prior quarter combined 
with 
the improved 
availability 
of semiconductors 
in Q1 
FY'23. Based 
on 
our 
assessment, 
the 
domestic 
industry 
has 
now 
revived 
to 
around 
80% 
of 
the 
performance benchmark set in Financial Year 2018-19, which was the best year in 
the last five years. 
Overall, our total income stood at Rs.344 crore, higher by 63% year-on-year basis 
which significantly outpaces industry growth which was around 39% year-on-year. 
More importantly, in 2018-19 which was the best year for the industry in the last 
five years we reported revenue of Rs.298 crore in the first quarter. Even with the 
industry at around 80% of the level of FY '18-19 at present, we have significantly 
outpaced the benchmark and our revenues of Rs.344 crore in Q1 FY'23 are 15% 
 

‘Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
higher 
than 
the 
previous 
highest 
Q1 
indicating 
the 
different 
trajectory 
of 
performance. 
We are also pleased to make progress on our strategic objectives this quarter. Our 
focus on opportunities from the EV technologies is being widened in scope to 
a 
focus on Carbon Neutral technologies. This wider ambit encompasses opportunities 
from Battery Electric Vehicles, Hybrid Electric Vehicles, Plug-in Hybrid as well as Fuel 
Cells and Hydrogen Cell Technologies, which are also emerging as viable options 
across the Mobility landscape. 
Secondly, we had talked about a focus on shifting towards higher value addition 
across all of our business activities. This quarter, there is a visible shift away from 
two-wheeler 
business 
which 
has 
limited 
Value 
Addition 
towards 
Passenger 
Vehicles, 
Commercial 
Vehicles, 
Export 
and 
the 
EVs 
on 
the 
Carbon 
Neutral 
opportunities, where the scope of value addition is larger. 
If you were to observe 
our last three years trend which we have included in the Q4 earning presentation, 
you would see how our product mix has evolved. 
Input prices continued to move higher in Q1 FY’23. As we have spoken last quarter, 
we have been constantly collaborating with our customers to undertake price 
revisions and have successfully passed on some part of increased cost 
in the 
quarter. Apart from repricing, the enhanced product and revenue mix have enabled 
us to deliver stable margins in the face of a challenging environment. We have 
recorded incremental sales from value-added components which has supported 
improved margin performance. Our gross margin for the quarter stood at 47.5% in 
Q1 FY'23 against 50.2% in Q1 of FY'22. We witnessed raw material prices peaking 
out in Q1 and at present RM prices are around 10% lower than Q1 level. 
Coming to the cost metrics, we continue to face challenges related to the 5C 
framework that we had discussed earlier. The COVID impact, chip shortages issue, 
cost of new product development, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and 
global cost-based inflation together are serving up 
a highly dynamic operating 
environment. 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
One of the key challenges last quarter was the reduction in gas supply to Europe 
which is resulting in domino effect on energy cost across the globe as Europe seeks 
alternate energy supplies. This means that global prices of gas, coal and that of 
crude oil, continue to remain at elevated levels. Industries with intensive power 
requirements such as industrial, metal, foundries, etc., have been hit the hardest. 
In Q4 and in the quarter under review, we have witnessed a significant increase in 
power cost across our operations. Anticipating this, we have moved to set up 
a 
captive solar power project, which 
will serve around one-third 
of our annual 
requirement. 
Overheads 
across 
our 
business 
continue 
to 
move 
higher 
in 
Q1. 
The 
cost 
optimization 
initiatives implemented 
earlier 
has 
enabled 
us 
to 
substantially 
mitigate this impact on our operational performance. 
The Kaizen principle-based initiatives that we have adopted have helped us bring in 
optimization 
across 
all methods 
of our business model, 
right from inventory 
management, employee expenses to power cost optimization, among others. We 
have seen a notable reduction in fixed expenses, overheads and interest expenses 
as a result of these initiatives. 
The EBITDA margins stood 
at 11%, higher by 251 bps year-on-year basis. 
In 
a 
normalized environment, our medium-term target is to improve our EBITDA margin 
to 
a level of 14%-15% on the back of our cost efficiency measures. 
In absolute 
terms, our EBITDA during the quarter came at Rs.37.95 crore higher by 110% year- 
on-year. Profit after tax during the quarter stood at Rs.10.77 crore. 
| am happy to 
share that we have delivered a performance surpassing the pre-COVID level. 
On the CAPEX front, we plan to deploy around Rs.90 crore in FY'23 which includes 
maintenance CAPEX and new machining capacities, for which 
in the quarter we 
have already undertaken Rs.24 crore Capex. Currently, our manufacturing plants in 
India and Europe continue to operate at normalized utilization level with a tune of 
65% to 67% in the quarter. 
To summarize, we have seen an encouraging start to the Fiscal Year 2023. We 
continue to focus towards augmenting and maintaining our financial fitness. Our 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Shekhar Dravid: 
focus continues to be on improving margins, return ratios and streamlining our 
working capital cycle. In a normalized environment, we look forward to delivering 
a strong and sustainable growth. 
On that note, 
| would like now to hand over to Mr. Shekhar Dravid who will talk 
about Operating Highlights for the Quarter. 
Thank you, Vimal. Greetings to all. 
| trust all of you are well and staying safe. 
The domestic auto sector saw a significant demand improvement in the quarter 
with 
most 
categories 
witnessing 
encouraging 
traction. 
Passenger 
Vehicles, 
Commercial Vehicles and 3Wheeler segments registered an improved performance 
on year-on-year basis backed by the pent-up demand, improved availability of 
semiconductor, festive push, new product development and in case of Commercial 
Vehicles and Heavy Vehicles, factors such as increased infra spend, mining activities 
logistic growth and resumption of schools aided the demand. 
On the production front, we saw steady levels across OEM which augur well. On the 
raw material front, we have seen cooling off in aluminum and related alloy prices 
recently. This 
is mitigating cost to 
a 
large extent. Higher chip availability and 
unfurling supply chain issues further supported this traction. On the domestic front, 
we had projected industry growth of around 5% in 2022, but the expectation is now 
being raised to 7% growth for the full year. 
Internationally, trade continues to be favorable as global customers have adapted 
to the challenges 
like constraint 
in 
availability 
of semiconductors 
as well 
as 
realignment of the supply chain. We are seeing healthy leads and enquiries from 
our international business segment and remain optimistic of delivering growth 
going forward. 
On a consolidated basis, we have reported a strong growth. Our volumes marked 
healthy double-digit growth translating to 63% increase in revenues on a year-on- 
year basis. At the start of the financial year, we have budgeted for the growth of 
around 18% to 20% on a year-on-year basis on the back of new parts to commence 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
production, new customers added and the business mix shifting towards higher 
Value Addition. 
Our assumption was the market environment would be largely benign. However, 
we are now seeing improved market conditions also contributing and have raised 
our internal budget for a growth to 25% to 28% on year-on-year basis. 
Let me take you through the highlights of our performance across each Domain: 
The 
first being our Auto business. The domestic Auto sector has seen many 
headwinds in last four years adversely impacting due to COVID, demand, regulatory 
changes, input pressures among the others. However, we are now seeing emerging 
positive bytes with uptick in demand. Despite higher fuel prices, there is increasing 
traction in ICE vehicles too. 
We delivered strong volume growth across verticals in the quarter. This is due to 
the increased volume on account of the start of production of a key program for a 
global customer. We have two programs set to go live in the current quarter which 
will lead to a further ramp in volumes. 
Coming now to the second 
of our growth 
pillar, which 
is the Carbon Neutral 
technologies opportunities. While we anticipated stronger demand in Electric 2W 
segment in India, there has been 
a lot of negative news in the domestic market 
regarding battery explosions, which seems to have impacted customer sentiment. 
However, the Passenger Vehicle ecosystem is progressing well in India, leading to 
impressive volume growth and rapid approach towards critical mark. 
In 2021, 3,30,000 units of EVs were registered in India, clocking a growth of 168% 
as compared to 2020. The increase was on the back of performance towards higher 
personal mobility, environment friendliness and spiking fuel prices. The second 
phase of Faster Adaptation and Manufacturing of Hybrid and Electric Vehicles 
(FAME Il) has further accelerated the adoption of Electric 2Ws which has witnessed 
close to 1,10,000 units in Q1 2022. 
As per a report by Indian Venture and Alternate Capital Association in collaboration 
with EY and IndusLaw, electric vehicles are expected to account for 39% of total 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
automotive sales in India by CY27 growing at a ~68% CAGR over the next 5 years. 
For this segment, we are working with OEMs as well as the parallel suppliers which 
have been working extensively with DANA Corporation, SCANIA, Tata AutoComp, 
Eaton on both the domestic and international orders. During this quarter, we added 
two parts as well as two new logos of Rimac and Ducati. After some gap, we are 
pleased to add new logos to our customer list. 
Another area where we are seeing strong response from customers 
is the light 
weighing of products in the Auto and EV space. We are getting increased enquiries 
from 
the OEMs, 
both 
in 
domestic and 
export markets, 
and 
we 
are 
actively 
developing new parts to focus on this segment. 
We have already built up 
a portfolio of over 103 parts, catering to EV and are 
progressing well 
on 
our target for scaling 
up revenues from Carbon 
Neutral 
technologies. 
While we have shared that on initial target, which is to bring to the wallet share 
from Carbon Neutral technologies to 25% of overall revenue by FY 2025-26. Our 
existing order book already comprises share of business of 25%. As these convert 
from orders into start of production (SOP), we will achieve our target for the share 
of revenue from Carbon Neutral technologies in an accelerated manner. Based on 
this high visibility, we had shared an accelerated target of 26% from carbon-neutral 
technologies by FY 2025-26. 
Now, on to our third growth 
pillar, the Technology-Agnostic Platform. We are 
steadily adding value-added products to our basket. Various aspects of our vehicles 
are cross-functional across both ICE and carbon-neutral platform and would remain 
relevant should there be emergence of a new alternative technology too. Our aim 
is to ensure that we gain relevance in interesting and accretive niche around these 
products by leveraging our core competencies. In this regard, we are working on 
diversifying and expanding our portfolio 
to 
include 
several 
niche 
and 
value 
enhancing offerings. During the quarter, we added one part to this portfolio. 
Coming to our fourth segment, which 
is 
a Non-Auto business, 
in 
this we are 
witnessing healthy growth in demand from the diverse sectors we serve. During the 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Andreas Heim: 
quarter, we received an order win for one part. This 
is under the Atmanirbhar 
Bharat, where we quickly developed 
a complex and critical part for 
a reputed 
domestic customer. 
Our fifth growth lever is our focus on improving customer wallet share. This will be 
by leveraging our R&D and competencies and our relationship. Our R&D facilities 
are core to our operations and enable us to keep pace with upcoming opportunities. 
Overall, we are well placed to enhance contribution from repeat customers and 
demonstrate customers stickiness. Our long-term approach 
is towards building 
wallet share and positioning ourselves as a trusted supplier for an existing customer 
base. 
On that note, 
| would like to now hand it over to Mr. Andreas Heim to throw light 
on our global business. 
Thank you, Mr. Dravid. A warm welcome to 
all of you, 
| will briefly cover the 
developments on our international business. 
We have delivered 
a healthy performance in Illichman during the quarter on the 
back of steady demand environment in our key global markets of US, Europe and 
China. While we were seeing initial signs of supply chain issues easing across 
markets, the ongoing conflict has deepened inflationary pressures of some key 
inputs. So, we witnessed aluminum prices and steel prices at elevated levels in Q4 
FY22 and Q1 FY23 and this was accompanied by the unprecedented rise in gas 
prices elevating power costs in Europe. 
The rising prices of inputs are a pass through to customers and we are working with 
them to arrive at a formula for higher energy costs too. Further, we are evaluating 
installation of solar power to diversify our energy mix. An important point to share 
here is that our manufacturing facility 
is located in Slovakia which is the second 
most assured nation 
in Europe 
in terms of gas availability. Slovakia already has 
assured stock of gas upto April 2023 and will further augment its stocks in the 
coming weeks and months. 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Against this backdrop, we have reported a rising performance in the international 
business. Exports including overseas revenues contributed to 23% of the total 
revenue in Q1 FY23. We added 2 new parts from 2 global customers in the quarter. 
We developed 
a motor housing product for Rimac, an Associate Company of 
Porsche, which holds 45% ownership. Rimac is perceived as the Tesla of Europe and 
we commenced supplies to Rimac Auto in this quarter. For them, we leveraged 
learnings from customers served in the past enabling us to drive solutions in shorter 
time frame. We were able to develop a motor housing in 3 months against normal 
cycle of 5-6 months. 
Further, Rimac also has an engineering division which supplies to large, global OEMs 
including its parent company Porsche. We undertook a thermal engineering project 
for Rimac Engineering, which is working on developing EV parts for other OEMs. 
There 
is 
huge 
potential 
to 
build 
on 
these 
new supply 
arrangements. 
This 
development will help us to grab more such business from global and domestic 
OEMs. 
We also added Ducati to our customers in this quarter. Ducati is the third largest 
two-wheeler manufacturer in Europe. The largest is KTM followed by BMW, both 
of which have been customers for over two decades now. With the addition of 
Ducati, all 3 of the largest European 2W OEMs are part of our customer list. For 
Ducati, we developed a swing arm through our gravity die-casting process which 
offered a solution with greater efficiency at more competitive cost. 
As we look ahead, we are monitoring the evolving landscape across the global 
markets. The demand for traditional technologies remains resilient even as demand 
for Carbon Neutral technologies continues to accelerate. 
In the medium to long 
term, there are many growth opportunities in our key targeted markets in Europe, 
Middle East and the US. Illichman is actively building its presence in these regions 
and we are confident of an improved performance as the environment normalises. 
On this note, 
| would like now to hand over to Mr. Rajiv Gupta who will cover the 
development in the domestic business for the quarter. 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Thank you, Andreas. Good day, everyone. The Indian automotive industry has 
posted robust growth 
in the quarter gone by with Passenger and Commercial 
Vehicle segments logging growth, with 2Ws witnessing steady resumption 
in 
demand. We are also seeing encouraging indicators such as improved production 
levels from OEMs, strong build up in enquiries and increasing trends in order books. 
These positive trends bode well for the industry and in turn for Alicon. 
In the quarter, we have delivered 
a strong performance. Total contribution from 
our domestic segment stood at 77%. On the whole, we have reported encouraging 
growth in the domestic auto segment during the quarter led by improving trends, 
festive push, higher preference towards Personal Mobility. We continue to witness 
good level of enquiries and bookings in the market and are hopeful that improving 
macros will further support this momentum. 
In the Non-Auto business, we received an order win from one part from a reputed 
industrial house in India. This complex and critical part will support the rollout of a 
cutting-edge technology for a customer and falls under the prestigious Atmanirbhar 
Bharat Program. 
On this note, 
| would like to now request Group CEO, Mr. Rajeev Sikand to share 
with you in perspective on Alicon performance. 
Thank you. Good day, everyone. We have reported a healthy set of results during 
the first quarter of fiscal 2023. Our growth has been driven across businesses of 
auto, non-auto, structural and technology-agnostic products across domestic and 
international markets. We have marked strong client engagements and 
have 
demonstrated healthy progress against new customer leads. We added a 
total of 
two new logos across markets and verticals and our wallet share has been on an 
improving trend. 
We have chalked out a focus on global customers and invested significantly into 
human resources and R&D in order to enhance our global competitiveness. We 
challenge ourselves to develop a greater proportion of critical and complex parts. 
We have pushed our teams to think of providing solutions to customers rather than 
focusing on parts or components enabling us to transform the business model. 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
The logos that we have added and our presence with the top 3 European 2W OEMs 
validates our progress along this enhanced approach. 
Another element of our strategy that I've shared was to increase the footprint of 
Passenger Vehicles and CVs in our value addition mix from 50% in FY'22 to 70% in 
five years while reducing 2W dependency from 40% in FY'22 to under 20% in next 
five years or earlier. Further, we are increasing the share of global business from 
37% in FY'22 to over 45% in next five years. 
The focus is clearly on a higher Value Addition, and as a team, we are obsessively 
monitoring the VA per Kg. We also aim to increase our sales per machine 
by 
enhancing the proportion of machined parts in comparison to ‘as cast’ at present. 
| am pleased to share that this is starting to reflect in our performance. With the 
industry growing 39% 
on 
a 
year-to-year 
basis, we 
have outperformed 
in 
a 
meaningful way, reported a revenue growth of 63% year-on-year in Q1 FY23. 
Further, we have rebranded our focus from EV into Carbon Neutral technologies 
which mirrors the wider focus by our team. This 
is reflective of the potential 
technology mix that we foresee in the mobility sector over the rest of the decade 
and beyond. We also seek to build out our contribution from structural parts which 
are technology-agnostic. Currently, the contribution from Carbon Neutral and 
structural part is 17% and we aim to take this to over 45% in five years’ time. 
On operational efficiencies, we have optimized costs across our business model and 
brought in higher efficiencies that enable us to restrict the impact of cost on our 
margin profile during the quarter. We are actively working towards increasing our 
sustainability footprint and ensuring commissioning of our captive solar plant, will 
significantly transform our energy earning. 
| would once again reiterate that we are future ready. As an organization, we enjoy 
a favorable outlook on back of global recovery, we see a strong demand trends; 
however, we see some challenges which may emerge from US and these we have 
to take into account. 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Moderator: 
Dhruvin Upadhyay: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Dhruvin Upadhyay: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Dhruvin Upadhyay: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
And already as my colleagues have shared the five challenges which are ongoing 
Corona pandemic, chip shortage, cost-based inflation, the conflict in Russia and 
Ukraine, higher cost of new product development, we are well placed to deliver on 
our targets and aspirations through our Commitment, Courage, Confidence and 
Capability, supported by the right behaviors of foreseeing issues and providing 
support proactively. 
Our total order booking for Auto business now stands at around Rs.3,115 crore for 
a period of five years with the average annual value of Rs.620 crore. We look to 
build 
on 
this further with deepening engagement with existing and 
potential 
customers. 
On that note, 
| would now request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
We have our first question from the line of Dhruvin Upadhyay from Sushil Finance. 
Please go ahead 
My first question is towards the guidance. There is some clarity on it; are we revising 
our guidance from 18%, 20% to 25%, 28% for the overall business or for a particular 
segment of ours? 
This upward revision is for the overall business for the year of Financial Year '23 
because in the last call we had given the guidance of 18% to 20% growth, but now 
we have revised and increased from this to 25% to 28% level. 
For FY'24, is it too early to say or do you have some guidance for that year as well? 
At this moment, it is too early, but as explained in our earlier calls in the next four 
years we have planned a CAGR of more than 20%. 
What kind of contribution are we looking at from these new product additions and 
what is the order intake that we had in Q1 FY'23? 
In Q1 FY'22 -23, we have added four parts from three customers, and this is yearly 
average sale of Rs.24 crore, around Rs. 100 crore over five years of time. And the 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Dhruvin Upadhyay: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Karthi Keyan: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
good thing is that we have added two new logos that is Rimac which Andreas also 
explained very clearly, the high opportunity with this particular account, because 
we call it as a Tesla for Europe and 45% of Porsche stake is in with Rimac. So, good 
opportunities we have. Also, Ducati which we've added, again the third largest 2W 
maker in Europe. And the good thing what we have grabbed is a Non-Auto business, 
a highly complex and critical part with 
a high value addition. So, that is what we 
have added in last quarter. 
If you talk about the overall mix what we have added from FY'18-19, the good thing 
to note is we have booked 71% from a 4W where 
| get a good margin as per our 
strategy, and 21% was with 2W, with a strategic move. So, this will help us further 
to get good value addition and in turn good sales going forward. 
My last question is towards the European facility that we have. The voice was a little 
unclear. So, have we secured power through gas-based power plants till April FY'23 
and post that we're moving to solar, is my understanding correct? 
No, it is not like that. So, there is the availability, but definitely Europe will have the 
other sources and we will be able to supply the gas there. But we are looking for 
some other alternatives like solar to reduce our cost. 
In India, we already have 
explained in the speech that we have already got this opportunity and maybe from 
Q3 FY23 we will be able to see the impact in our financial results. 
We have a next question from the line of Karthi Keyan from Suyash Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
A couple of questions. One 
is in terms of contracting, can you talk about what 
specific terms have you put in place to protect yourself from the volatility that's 
been seen in the past? 
| think these are relatively longer-term contracts, one. And 
two, can you share some perspective on the kind of opportunities that are emerging 
in the European manufacturing space due to the turbulent scene over there, if at 
all any are emerging, are these tactical in nature or more structural is there? 
Talking about the second point on the opportunities in Europe, we're not adding 
logos 
in European entry, but we have noted with the change 
in the market 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Karthi Keyan: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Karthi Keyan: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Karthi Keyan: 
Rajeev Sikand: 
conditions, we need to look for new customers which we have delivered 
in last 
quarter. And also, we are in a strong discussion with our existing customers to add 
value. And the way we started from FY'16-17 with the early mover in EV, now even 
the European OEM have noticed the capacity and capability of delivering such 
a 
critical part 
is there in Europe as well as India. So, with that move, now, we are 
planning to increase our portfolio with existing and the new accounts. 
Sure. 
| was asking you about these longer-term contracts. How are you able to 
protect your profitability given the volatility in costs, are there terms that will help 
you preserve a certain level of profitability either on a per Kg basis or a percentage 
basis? 
So, we have long-term contracts with 
all OEMs because generally these 
are 
technology parts, and they have 
to spend 
a 
lot of money and time for the 
development. So, generally they don't go to another supplier. So, maximum we are 
the single source or maybe somewhere when the volumes are higher like such type 
of risks are there with the OEM, so they go for the second source. So, for the 
protection of the profitability, one 
is the aluminum, because that 
is the more 
volatile commodity. So, there 
is 
a complete pass-through to the customers. So, 
whatever the variation is there, so we offer to the customer. And on the other side 
for other commodities costs, 
so we have the agreement with 
the customers, 
periodically we have to discuss with them and take the corrections in the pricing. 
But can you specify periodicity of changes, that will help? 
| understand people talk 
about pass-through with the lag and the time intervals tend to be fairly longest. 
It is with maximum customers on a quarterly basis and some customers are directly 
involved with the suppliers. So, there is no impact of any variation in the prices. 
So, just one question to understand this better from Rupees per kg perspective, 
what would have been the shift that you've seen, and going ahead how can one 
think about in terms of metal processed, any input should be interesting there? 
The key is what happens in the back end of our processes are same, which we have 
communized, of course, some are very typical and need the investment. But over a 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Moderator: 
Vishal Patel: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Vishal Patel: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Vishal Patel: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Prateek Poddar: 
period of time, as we will go for a complex part, weight of the part changes, and as 
the weight changes, per minute of the cycle time, we are able to harness a higher 
value addition. That's what we are aiming at. 
We have our next question from the line of Vishal Patel, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
| just want to get details on the contracts with PSA and the Toyota which was there 
for the engines for the first time which we got, how is that progressing? 
| think with PSA and Toyota, the good thing is we have submitted samples and the 
samples are approved and now we are ready for the mass production. And also, the 
good news what we are noticing is the launch like Toyota has announced one of the 
parts will go to the high riders and this vehicle is receiving a good booking in the 
Indian market. So, we are also hoping that our numbers would definitely reach 
immediately, and we look for opportunities which 
is across expectations. But the 
good thing is we are ready now and the SOP is there in the next quarter, which will 
be also noticed in our results in this quarter. 
So, it will be a mass regular supplies which will start as per the contract from this 
current quarter? 
Yes. 
| have been invested with Alicon for almost 15 years. 
| just have one suggestion. 
| 
think the equity is too small and the volumes are not there. Probably if you can split 
it say into 
a Rs.1 and increase the number of shares, might help the investors 
probably. 
Thank you. Well noted your suggestion. 
We have a next question from the line of Prateek Poddar from Nippon India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Just a couple of questions. One is there has been no accretion in order book since 
Q3 FY'22. Any thoughts as to why that has happened? 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Prateek Poddar: 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Prateek Poddar: 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Prateek Poddar: 
Vimal Gupta: 
In fact, we have been a little bit more prudent in accepting the orders. So, our own 
way has been now to balance what we have and go for a higher value add rather 
do the same and it's a horses for courses something like that. So, we want to play 
in 
a higher field and higher value addition. So, that's where we are a little bit 
checking out what is good for Alicon in the long term and does it meet the Carbon 
Neutral products which are coming up. 
So, how should 
| think about order book accretion from here on? 
When you think about order book, you should see what we have done in the last 
quarter. By having a very large order and the year-on-year changes should be very 
significant. How does the change happen? When we change from 2W to 4W. It does 
not mean that we will leave the 2W when we say we will have it below 20%. 
It is 
our bread and butter. It is something which our people have honed the skill. We 
are the leaders in this business. And as the order book keeps coming, we will keep 
updating. But that is something which we are not worried as of now. 
What you're trying to say is that irrespective of order book the mix shift or the 
value-added component within 
the 
order 
book 
is very 
high. 
So, from 
that 
perspective it is margin-accretive and absolutely EBITDA-accretive, right? 
Yes. 
Second question was on the under-recovery of RM. 
| think you mentioned that 
there has been a 10% price reduction from Q1 exit. So, are you done with under- 
recovery of RMs after this 10% price reduction and will we see benefits going into 
the next quarter on the margin side? 
There will be little impact. As in the calls 
| was explaining, when we see that our 
margin as a percentage to sale. So, definitely we are looking for the higher margins. 
So, when there is a recovery, maybe 10% we are seeing, but it may be stagnant... 
because the major impact on the prices of the RM is due to the energy cost, and 
still energy is a issue. So, we feel there was a significant increase in the last one 
year. So, that is the reason supplies have little bit gone down. But we feel that 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Prateek Poddar: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Prateek Poddar: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Prateek Poddar: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Prateek Poddar: 
Rajeev Sikand: 
maybe after 10% or maybe 4%, 5% further, they will go down, but we will stabilize 
at that level. 
So, has your under-recovery stopped or you have passed down all the RM increase 
to the customer? 
That has been pass through. It is complete recovery. 
So, the recovery is complete. So, from here on, if there is a price reduction, the final 
selling prices will also be reduced, the customer will ask for price reductions? 
Yes, plus finance we have to do in the pricing. 
Just wanted to check with you, adjusted for price inflation 
in the last couple of 
years, have you really outperformed industry growth in this quarter? You talked 
about industry growth being 39% versus your growth which is far higher. But 
| was 
just thinking about if we were to adjust for RM price increase which would be also 
reflected in your top line, from a volume perspective, has your volume grown higher 
than the industry growth? 
Yes. 
We count the RM, we do that internally when 
| remove the RM fluctuation from 
our base budget, we see even everything. Otherwise, our marketing people will 
always like to show higher as that is a natural tendency. 
This revenue guidance which you gave, if we were to adjust for last year's low base 
which was there in June '21 because of the delta wave, and if | were to then look at 
now the growth you are guiding for, it looks like that for the next couple of quarters, 
the growth will be single digit or high single digit, 
is that 
a fair understanding, 
because the bulk of the revenue growth has come this quarter, right, 
if you're 
guiding for a 25% revenue growth, the next three quarters, the growth looks slightly 
muted? 
Next quarter as per our internal estimate looks nearly the same. The last two 
quarters which we have factored, it all depends on where the USA is heading. See, 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Prateek Poddar: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
we all cannot be escaping that as of today. So, that is what the team has factored. 
If it pans out, that will be smaller. In fact, so be it, but we should be ready for it. 
Sorry, I'm just harping on this again, 
if 
| were to look at your trailing 12-month 
growth number which comes and then 
| were to calculate the guidance which you 
have given, that differential 
is such that that mathematically, 
it seems that the 
growth for the next three quarters is 10%, 11%. 
That same thing Mr. Sikand is explaining because many things we have factored in 
this, while making the forecast for the next three quarters. So, maybe we see that 
how the things move and we keep our fingers crossed and maybe in the next con 
call again we will revise on the upward side. 
We have a next question from the line of Apurva Mehta from A M Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
| just wanted your view on this margin thing, because we had guided about 14%, 
15% margin going ahead as our volume goes up, but we are still struggling with this 
kind of 11% of a margin. Can you throw some light when we can see improvement 
in margin going ahead because that was what we had projected that all our new 
orders which will be executed with much higher margin close to more than 15%. 
So, just on that, can you just review and let us know what is your thought? 
If you remember in the last con call, as 
| explained that this year we are targeting 
the improvement by 0.7% to around 1% against the last year of margins, that was 
around 10.7% or 10.8%. But now we are revising that also and increasing our target 
increase that approximately 1.2% to 1.5% for this year. So, it is not like that in just 
one quarter we will see a big jump in the margins because a lot of challenges that 
we have explained in our commentary like the cost-based inflation, there is a huge 
cost increases in the energy especially and we have to mitigate that and we have to 
face and we have to absorb some cost and maybe fight with the customer for some 
increases and they have to absorb. But definitely that maybe when volumes are 
growing up and when you are talking about the impact of the new businesses. So, 
new business impact is that the higher margins that have started coming from this 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
year, but suddenly after year-on-year the things will improve. In one year, we can't 
see a big jump 
in the margins. 
Because 
our 
traditional 
margins 
also were 
around 
12%, 
13%, 
14% 
and 
last 
December quarter and the March quarter also we were at 12% on lower turnover. 
But if we are improving, then it will be 12% plus 1% margin? 
Yes, for the full year, we are expecting to cross 12%. 
On an average, you will cross 12%? 
Yes. You see this in this quarter also, when we have explained the impact of the 
energy, there 
is 
a huge impact, and again there is an increase in the cost of the 
logistics, the freight cost of the container. So, those costs also we have to absorb 
and definitely increase in the manpower cost, because we have to take care of the 
people. 
This year we will be close to Rs.1,400 crore turnover. So, on that, on that we should 
assume around 12.5% kind of a margin? 
It is a forward looking statement you are asking me, but 
| have given the idea. 
Going forward, this will gradually improve only, it will not have some big impact 
coming in maybe next year or going forward. 
First important thing was the improvement in the top line. That we are confident 
that we are seeing the trend and like we explained how we are moving and how the 
things are going in the right direction. So, definitely now our focus is to reduce the 
cost and we are also seeing maybe in the coming times, there will be some ease out 
in the inflation also. 
On the availability of high-quality labor or the trained labor, are you seeing any 
challenges on that? 
So, at this point we don't see any big challenge for the availability of the skilled 
people. 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Rajeev Sikand: 
On the expansion front, have you started working on that, any further expansion 
where we want to go ahead? 
It's a continuous process like every year we are doing the investments in the range 
of maybe Rs.70 crore to Rs.80 crore or this year maybe little on the higher side. 
Because it is not like that we have to put in one new plant at the automotive and 
make 
a huge investment, because 
all our investments are linked with the order 
book from the customers. So, when we go for the new orders, so definitely based 
on the requirement of their processes and the capacity, we have to invest. 
Any Greenfield projects will come in next two, three years’ time or so? 
Totally depends how the market moves, because at this moment we are trying to 
postpone that Greenfield project. 
Your question 
is very valid. We are trying 
a number of factors. Firstly, trying to 
improve internally, looking at some small value add in machining which we can 
outsource so that we don't take that headache of machining. We have our criteria 
which is not complex and which are very low value add. And we are looking at small 
rather than going for fully our own location, maybe we need to take a small place 
and rent and put some machines there. So, these are our measures which is all in 
our mind. Obviously, we keep looking at new technologies and new areas of growth. 
So, current capacity whatever we have, at peak level what can our revenue be, 
roughly Rs.2,000 crore or Rs.2,500 crore? 
What happens in capacity is a very interesting topic as you must be dealing with so 
many other companies in your con call. So, you invest in capacity for a particular 
customer. And then the customer gives you x-volume, you also know a little bit 
about market, you adjust. So, our capacities are tied with the customer volume. 
This is the automotive business as you must be dealing. So, something which you 
can't say, some plants may be running at 80%, some may be at 40%, there's 
a 
cyclical trend in the industry and things like that. So, generally we are running still 
at 65%. We have 
a scope. We keep increasing that base. We keep creating that 
capacity. 
 

“Yalicon 
Casting The Future 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, 
| would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management team for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank You. 
| hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team of CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call and we look forward to interacting in next 
quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Alicon Castalloy Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this callmay be 
forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
 
