 
22nd August, 2022 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda 
Building,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543523 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
SYMBOL: CAMPUS 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Transcript of the Earnings Call held with 
Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of Conference Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 16th August, 2022 and 
the same is also available on the Company’s website i.e. www.campusactivewear.com  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
For CAMPUS ACTIVEWEAR LIMITED 
 
 
 
Archana Maini  
General Counsel & Company Secretary  
Membership No. A16092 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
ARCHAN
A MAINI
Digitally signed 
by ARCHANA 
MAINI 
Date: 2022.08.22 
22:46:22 +05'30'

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 1 of 25 
Campus Activewear Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and a very warm welcome to the 
Campus Activewear Limited, Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touch tone 
phone. Before we proceed on this call, let me remind you that the 
discussion may contain forward looking statements that may involve 
known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be 
viewed in conjunction with other businesses that could cause future 
results performance or achievements to differ significantly from what 
is expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. The 
Campus Activewear management team is represented by Mr. Nikhil 
Aggarwal, wholetime Director and CEO, Mr. Raman Chawla CFO and 
Mr. Piyush Singh, Chief Strategy Officer. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Nikhil Aggarwal, whole time Director and CEO for his 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Thank you and welcome everyone for joining our Q1FY23 earnings call 
today. I believe everyone is staying safe. We appreciate and deeply 
acknowledge your trust in our vision to create India’s leading sports 
and athleisure footwear brand. I'm delighted to share that our 
quarterly performance has been in line with expectations, despite an 
uncertain and inflationary macro environment. There has been a 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
sustained improvement in our YoY quarterly financial exhibiting 
marked improvement in both top line and bottom-line numbers as 
compared to Q1FY22 which was largely impacted by the 2nd wave of 
COVID-19 last year. Because of seasonality seen across product mixed 
consumption, quarter one empirically has been contributing 18% to 
20% of our annual net revenue. During quarter Q1FY23, we sold more 
than 5.5 million pairs at an aggregate level, thereby clocking net income 
of INR 338 crores and YoY Growth of about 150% versus Q1FY22, which 
was at about INR 135 crores. Both trade distribution and D2C channels 
have delivered a holistic growth of more than 150% on a YoY in Q1FY23 
versus Q1FY22. Just to highlight, we sold the highest ever first quarter 
volume in the history of campus at 5.6 million pairs, registering a YoY 
volumetric growth of about 141% in comparison to Q1 FY22. Along with 
volume, our quarterly ASP is also grown by about 3% from INR 580 in 
Q1FY22 to INR 597 in Q1FY23. Despite the challenging inflationary 
environment, Campus Activewear balance sheet continues to 
demonstrate strength with robust return ratios such as ROCE and ROE 
of 37.4% and 38.2%, respectively as on 30th June 2022. We are 
sincerely thankful to our end consumers, our channel partners and our 
passionate team which has helped us in delivering this performance 
which earmarked the underlying strength and resilience of the 
brand. As always, we thank you for your invaluable support and 
investment. I will now hand over to our Chief Strategy Officer, Mr. 
Piyush Singh, for his remarks. Thank you.  
Piyush Singh: 
 Greetings to everyone, adding on to what Nikhil just said while FY22 
was an exciting year for all our stakeholders. We had started FY23 on a 
strong note from both an operational and financial performance 
standpoint. All our distribution channels, category cohorts, and price 
segments have demonstrated robust growth, both in terms of volume 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
and value amid the challenging operating environment impacted by 
supply chain disruptions and inflationary trends. Basis price segments 
are sealed trade in Q1FY23 has exhibited sustained premiumisation vis 
a vis FY22 full year where in sales contribution from semi premium and 
premium categories have increased from 64% in FY22 full year to 68% 
in Q1FY23. Similarly, on a category basis, revenue mix across men and 
women and kids have improved from 84:16 in the favour of men in 
FY22 to 81:19 in Q1FY23 favouring men and women and kids 
respectively. On a trailing 12 month basis, revenue from operations 
increased by almost 17% on a year on year basis to INR 1,397 crores in 
TTM Q1 FY23 as compared to FY22, full year revenue at 1,194 crores. 
Similarly TTM Q1 FY23 EBITDA stood at INR 290 crores as compared to 
FY22 to full year EBITDA INR 244 crores demonstrating almost a 19% 
year on year growth. TTM Q1 FY23 EBITDA margin also improved at 
20.8% versus 20.4% for FY22 full year. Net profit during the trailing 12 
months of Q1FY23 stood at INR 151 crores with PAT margin of 10.8% 
as against full year FY22 PAT of INR 124 crores at a margin of 10.4%. On 
the supply chain front, we continue to stay cautious of the challenging 
inflationary environment in the near medium term, ensuring that RM 
and semi-finished goods availability above everything else to maximise 
sales potential in the coming quarters. We continue to maintain a close 
watch on our input costs as well. As an outcome while at material 
margin has improved from 48.4% in quarter four of FY22 to 49.6% in 
quarter one of FY23 as gross margins have stayed intact at 36% across 
both the quarters. We are confident of maintaining that trend line 
growth trajectory and margin profile in the near to medium term. I will 
now hand over to our CFO us here for Mr. Raman Chawla to take you 
through more details on the quarter one FY23 performance over to 
Raman.  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
Raman Chawla: 
 Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to quarter one FY23 earnings 
call of Campus Activewear Ltd. During the quarter under review 
Campus as a brand demonstrated a lot of resilience. Campus delivered 
its best first quarter, both in terms of top line and the bottom line 
growth. Revenue from operations increased by 149.6% year on year to 
INR 338 crores during the quarter with both channels trade distribution 
and D2C exhibited similar growth profile in this quarter at about 150% 
YoY growth. Our Q1FY23 sales volume registered at 5.6 million pairs, as 
against 2.3 million pairs in Q1 FY22, thereby generating 141% YoY 
volume growth. While Q1FY23 aggregate ASP stood at INR 597 versus 
INR 580 in Q1FY22, thereby resulting about 3% YoY ASP growth. In 
terms of profitability, EBITDA was at INR 62.3 crores in Q1FY23. As 
compared to INR 16.1 crore in Q1FY22, EBITDA margin stood at 18.4% 
in Q1 FY23 versus 11.9% in Q1FY22. In terms of a net profit during the 
quarter, it stood that INR 28.7 crores as compared to INR 2 crore in 
Q1FY22 and a profit margin stood at 8.5% in this quarter versus 1.5% in 
Q1FY22. Moving on to the balance sheet, our net debt has reduced 
from INR 174 crore in FY22 end to INR 124 crores as of 30th June 
2022. Net debt to EBITDA ratio has improved from 0.7 X in FY22 to 0.4 
X in TTM Q1FY23. Similarly, our return on capital employed has also 
gone up from 29. 7% in FY 22 to 37.4% in TTM Q1FY23 and our return 
on equity has also gone up from 32.9% in FY22 to 38.2% in TTM 
Q1FY23. With this I conclude and hand over to the operator for 
question and answer, thank you.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  The first question is from the line of Vicky 
Punjabi from UTI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
Vicky Punjabi: 
 I wanted to understand the reasons for the seasonality in the business 
because my thinking was that  the Macro impact the Q1 volumes could 
have been a little better than what we saw in the Q4 and Q3 volumes 
being similar. Can you help me understand what is leading to this 
seasonality?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
We basically don't look at seasonality only on the basis of COVID. While 
COVID certainly is in the past now more or less, seasonality for us is also 
due to the winter season, where, there's festivities and when the 
purchase power of the consumer goes up against the other seasons 
other quarter. And also, because we primarily dominate enclosed 
footwear category and our portfolio for open footwear category is very 
limited, so because of that also Q3 and Q4 are basically the highest 
grossing quarters. From the seasonality perspective of the company, 
Q1 and Q2 are lower than the other two quarters. While we have 
done a lot in the last few years to bring this parity down. I hope that 
answers your question.  
Vicky Punjabi: 
And just one more thing, if I see the realisations for this quarter versus, 
say realisations for the annual FY22. It seems to be a bit lower than 
what it was in FY22 and on the average realisation was on lower side 
than FY22 and I think in the comments. I heard that we've seen a better 
premiumisation in this quarter versus what we saw in FY22, any 
reasons for that?  
Piyush Singh: 
There's a fair bit of seasonality in our first half of the financial year 
because during this time in the summer months, we sell a larger 
proportion of open footwear which are lower ASP products. Now there 
has been a premiumisation with the comparison to ASP of Q1 FY23 
versus Q1FY22, so on a YoY basis there is there is a 3% premiumisation. 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
But that said our FY22 overall numbers in terms of ASP would be a tad 
higher because second-half of the year is not only contributing to 
roughly 60% of our top line, but it also is a higher ASP generating 
second-half. And hence fully attended number is a tad higher which 
was at INR 616 for last year, FY22 full year.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from 
GMO. Please go ahead.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
I just want to know about if you take about Q1FY22 was because of the 
COVID. So if you want to compare with normally say Q1 FY23, year ago, 
how is the revenue volume and ASP compared to Q1 FY20?  
Piyush Singh: 
Q1FY20 revenue was almost equivalent to Q1FY22 revenue at INR 135 
crores. So from that perspective, it's 150% growth. Similarly, our  ASP 
is for Q1FY23 are way better as compared to our first quarter FY20 ASP, 
wherein the ASP of first quarter was closer to 570 this time it’s 590. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
And Volume share here.  
Piyush Singh: 
The volume in Q1FY20 we did that 3 million pairs where in in Q1FY23 
we did 5.6 million pairs.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
Second question is if you take one last one year, how is the cost 
increase for you? You mentioned there is a 3 percent increase in 
the ASP roughly, so it is commensurate to all the cost increase or how 
is the scenario right now?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Yes, we have taken quite a bit of cost increase already factored into the 
ASP increase. While there has been certain inflation in the polymers 
and some raw material and compounds, so far we have incorporated 
most of the inflationary pricing keys. So given the trend now that we 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
are seeing in the markets. We are hoping and already seeing the trends 
to be sort of improving in terms of inflationary increases on the side of 
raw materials.  
Piyush Singh: 
Just to add to it Jignesh, if you look at our QoQ trend while in Q4FY22, 
our material margin was 48.5%. It has gone up to 49 .5%. Just shy of 
50% in Q1FY23. And despite the inflationary environment in freight 
logistics. And some increase in contract workers wages. We were able 
to maintain our gross margin levels at 36% in both quarters. So far we 
have maintained our control over the over the raw material inflationary 
prices, while also increasing our ASP because of the product mix.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
I think since last one and half year we aggressively invested in the 
sneaker SKU portfolio, everything. How is the current performance of 
the sneaker in the market feedback, any idea how is the contribution 
of snicker as a category for us right now?  
Piyush Singh: 
So contribution right now, I would say is not very significant because 
we've just launched the sneaker range recently. So, if you visit any of 
our showroom that we have across the country, about 140 of them. 
The sneaker range is present in our reviews. We are also in the process 
of launching a very good to sneaker range in the other channels, 
namely e-commerce and NPO distribution. So, the contribution I would 
say is still at a neutral stage, but the response is very, very encouraging.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
And right now our portfolio will be similar in sneaker in terms of SKU 
versus other competitors. Or still we need to improve on the SKU and 
the portfolio size.  
Piyush Singh: 
it's a work in progress, I would say so it’s not like that we don't follow 
a system where we just launch one range and then we're done for the 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
year so it's a continuous process for us. A good range has been 
launched in the review channel and very soon you'll see a different kind 
of range or the other two channels as well.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
And my last question on the seasonality, you mentioned that Q1 is 
around 18% to 20% of the full year revenue. Is the seasonality there in 
the margin also across the various quarters?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
In the initial quarters there is a fair bit of fixed costs absorption that 
happens. As we progress down the financial year or operating leverage 
keeps on improving from here on. So we see two levels of 
improvement, one at the material margin gross margin level because 
of the enhanced product mix and a high ASP and are relatively high 
share of high ASP product being sold and second is on account of 
operating leverage with a better absorption of fixed costs in Q3 and 
Q4.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from 
Phillip Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankit Kedia: 
A couple of questions from my side. While you have shared the growth 
across the channels, could we get the revenue split across the 
channels?  
Piyush Singh:  
Our trade distribution channel out of INR 338 crores have done almost 
close to INR 200 crores, INR 199 to be precise, and the remaining comes 
from our D2C channel which is the balance, it's INR 113 crores from e-
commerce and another INR 21 crores from a EBO plus key account.  
Ankit Kedia: 
So on seasonality perspective do you see seasonality across channels 
or a particular channel like the trade channel has more seasonality 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
while you know online should not be so seasonal in nature? Given that 
customers would tend to buy, throughout the year on online channel.  
Piyush Singh:  
It's not about customer buying across all the channels. It's about what 
kind of product are the customers buying. So seasonality is holistic 
across all the channels. For example, we see relatively lower ASP’s 
across all the channels in Q1 vs. full year ASP , Aggregate ASP is INR 597 
in Q1FY23 vis a vis INR 616 in FY22. We see slight drop of say 2% to 3% 
in terms of ASP across trade distribution and E-commerce irrespective 
of the customer journey. The customer ends up buying relatively higher 
share of slip on, sliders and sandals in the first quarter and the second 
quarter when  in the entire North, East and Western India belt there is 
a high degree of summer and high temperature ranges as winter 
months comes in with festivities and marriages and temperature 
dropping, people tend to switch to close footwear, which has a higher 
ASP. So seasonality is holistic across all channels.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Just to add, there is also an element of school shoes which are also 
lower in ASP compared to regular footwears, so that that's also mostly 
sold during Q1.  
Ankit Kedia: 
And how big would be a school portfolio now?  
Piyush Singh:  
It's catching up after 2 1/2 years. Earlier it used to be roughly 8% to 10% 
of our portfolio, now it's again catching up and very soon we'll be in the 
same trend line.  
Ankit Kedia: 
So the kids portfolio broadly, school shoes portfolio should we 
understand that way?  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
Piyush Singh:  
See the kids portfolio for us so far over the last two years was excluding 
school shoes and it's roughly 10% as of now.  
Ankit Kedia: 
 My second question is regarding your working capital, from FY22 to 
Q1. We have seen a significant decline, can you just throw some light 
on the inventory and receivable days?  
Piyush Singh:  
You will be happy to know that receivable days have improved from 40 
days of sales outstanding to 35 days of sales outstanding. We are still 
maintaining the same level of inventory cover at almost 108 days of 
sales outstanding because end of quarter one is just the precursor of 
the beginning of our festive season because as you end July, in August 
and September, a lot of stock offtake starts across online and our trade 
distribution channel. So at this point in time, we tend to maintain the 
highest level of inventory cover from festive season preparedness 
perspective, despite that our inventory cover in terms of base sales 
outstanding stays the same. While we have managed to work on our 
payable days and stretch it to a certain extent and hence you see a 
significant improvement in net working capital.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from 
Motilal Oswal Asset Management. Please go ahead.  
Manish Poddar: 
I'm just trying to understand three-year volume CAGR for men, women 
and kids for this quarter now. What would that number be?  
Piyush Singh:  
We can take that question offline, but I can give you a break up so last 
year for full year FY22, our distribution between men and women and 
kids portfolio was 84% towards men and 16% towards women and kids 
wherein it was equally spread between 8% piece across women and 
kids. It has improved to almost 80:20 now whereas. 80% is towards 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
men and 10% is for women and remaining 10% is for kids in child. And 
the year before that, FY21, the ratio was 88:12 where 88% was men 
and 6% was women and remaining for child. 
Manish Poddar: 
OK, would you be able to help me with how much was ad spend during 
this quarter and the last quarter Q4 for 22, absolute amount.  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
We spent about INR 17 odd crores in marketing which is roughly 
5.2%. And last quarter we did almost nine crores. The ad spends on a 
trend line basis are expected to stay between 6% - 6.5% of our top 
line. But there is some bit of lumpiness depending on what kind of 
product portfolio are you marketing and what kind of regions plus the 
channel you're targeting. So, Q1 for us typically contributes 5% to 5.5% 
of our ad spends, Q2 and Q3 tends to be heavy because they are the 
start of the season and the middle of the season and Q4 is typically the 
lowest quarter in terms of AD spends for us. Ad spend for Q4FY 22 was 
2.5% and Q1 FY23 is 5% of sales.  
Manish Poddar: 
Effectively, the delta change and other expenses, largely because of the 
ad spend.  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Yes, it's because of the ad spend and some bit of employee appraisal 
that changes from Q4FY22 to Q1 FY23 on account of annualization 
because it'll spread over the full year now.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Akshay Kothari: 
 In the last call you mentioned that we were focusing on product of 
aspiration, accessibility, affordability, I had a question regarding 
aspiration. So my question is specific like which are the major leagues? 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
Are we looking to sponsor for example IPL, Pro Kabaddi or Common 
Wealth? And who would be our brand Ambassador? Do we have any 
brand Ambassador and in terms of adjacency's, are we planning to go 
into the sport specific like football studs, cricket spikes or badminton 
shoes any of those, that's my question.  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, let me answer your second question first. We are not looking at any 
performance shoes category right now like cricket or badminton and 
all, because it's a fairly, very niche market in India. Very, very 
concentrated. So we do more of everyday wear shoes which our 
audience our consumers can wear throughout the day for all purposes 
or whatsoever they need and with regards to any of the aspiration 
components that you spoke about. We follow a very stringent. Firstly, , 
an ROI based marketing model. So we absolutely make sure that we 
wherever we do spend in the marketing, there has to be significant ROI 
generated from that and given the kind of the relatability and that 
these platforms have today, it's not exactly a very otherwise generating 
for that marketing in these let me say the IPL. So that is one of the main 
reasons why we shy away a little bit from marketing over there. But 
given you know if we we're not totally closed off to it. So if the right 
opportunity presents at the right time we could be open to looking at 
that as well in future.  
Piyush Singh: 
We are fashion forward organisation and the kind of portfolio that we 
offer is  bringing you the latest global fashion trends for the first time 
in India in the fastest time. From this standpoint, we have pivoted our 
marketing spends more towards digital influencer and community 
building where the relatability quotient is relatively higher. We are 
always on the lookout for the right kind of celebrity and endorsement, 
be it sports league that you talked about, be it kind of impact 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
properties across OTT and TV channels or be it any celebrity, but it has 
to justify the bottom line and the ROI that we are expecting out of it 
and hence all the decisions are driven by the profitability metrics.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
A couple of questions. First is on the margin profile you did indicate 
that as the quarter goes by you have heavy quarters Q3 & Q2 which are 
higher in operating leverage and higher margin accurative quarters. 
Just if you also help us understand from a two year point of view in the 
kind of growth one we are seeing in second is the kind of ASP 
mix improvement we are seeing. What is the kind of margin 
improvement one should think of how we should think of the matching 
improvement.  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Unfortunately we cannot give you any forward-looking statements, but 
what we can tell you is that historically we performed at 8% to 9% of 
ASP growth minimum and about 22% to 23% for the last 10 years, 
almost 8 to 10 years and there is no reason we should be looking at 
performing lesser than that, so that's been the historical trend for the 
company. Even in terms of margins, we have seen a good 1%-1.5% 
growth in both the gross margins and flowing down to EBITDA and PAT 
margins for the last three years. So there have been significant margin 
improvement and we are working on many, many initiatives right now. 
Very fruitful initiative, which should lead to higher gross margins as 
well.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it, this is very helpful. I mean I was coming more from the point of 
view. That if I see last three to four years EBITDA margins in fact. And 
of course even gross margin has gone up by nearly 400-500 bps, so you 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
still see room for improvement even from these levels, with the kind of 
revenue growth that you indicated.  
Piyush Singh: 
 Yes, obviously because operating leverage would keep on coming in 
with enhanced sales, even if we maintain the same revenue growth 
trajectory that is bound to show its impact on the operating leverage 
side.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Second quick question is on the economics of the business in online 
versus offline. So is online equally margin accretive? If you could, just 
explain the margin profile between both on gross and on EBITDA level.  
Piyush Singh: 
While we have explained this historically on FY22 full year basis I won't 
comment on this on quarter on quarter basis, but from a trend line 
perspective our D2C online channel has contributed at a higher EBITDA 
margin levels compared to our trade distribution level, so there is a 
there is a delta of 300 to 400 bps in terms of margin between trade 
distribution versus our D2C online platforms with D2C online 
contributing a higher margin. So in fact, the reason historically for shift 
in our margin profile is largely because over last 3 years the online 
business has grown from incubation to almost 35% revenue 
contribution.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next the next question is from the line of Jaykumar 
Doshi from Kotak. Please go ahead.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
I've got three questions. The first one is can you talk a little bit about 
the growth trends that you're seeing on e-commerce platforms? And 
this is marketplace and not the B2B distributors, its purely of the likes 
of Amazon and Myntra, Nykaa, and are you still seeing a month on 
month growth even after opening up Volume growth on those 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
platforms and how has market share been in the recent past on e-
commerce platform as well as overall wherever you are able to track. 
That’s question no 1. 
Piyush Singh: 
So see from a D2C online perspective. Yes, we are still witnessing a 
decent month on month growth on the marketplace side anyway our 
B2B business is very small. It's only 10% of our overall D2C online 
portfolio, so, for example, compared to Q1FY22. Our online business in 
Q1FY23 has grown by 130% again with significant improvement over 
Q4FY22 as well. So just to answer your question, yes we are seeing fair 
bit of both volume and value growth across the marketplace. Yes, we 
can go on to your next question and in fact our Commission level just 
to add to it, our Commission levels on an aggregate basis for FY22 has 
reduced by one percentage point in Q1FY23. So it has also led to some 
bit of margin improvement as well in this quarter.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
And market share on these platforms. Do you get some industry growth 
and are you able to compute your market share.  
Piyush Singh: 
It is difficult to comment on that while you'll be a better judge of what 
the market is growing at. The channel is growing at anywhere between 
25% to 30% on a year on year basis. If we take that number as a baseline 
of performance. So far it has been better as compared to the market, 
so I mean on a derived basis. Yes, we tend to gain market share on 
these platforms but very difficult to triangulate it.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Sure, my second question is South and West Market growing faster. 
Can you give some colour in terms of how growth is trending?  South 
and West versus maybe Northern.  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So South and West have particularly done quite well, even for quarter 
one. Where about 19% of the sale of the overall MP distribution sale 
I'm talking about has come in from West and about 6% is coming from 
South, so there has been an emphasis and a very clear focus on growing 
these specific these two markets. We're very happy to tell you that the 
both of the markets have done remarkably well for this quarter. 
Piyush Singh: 
 I mean FY 22 full year South and West put together, we're contributing 
close to 21%-22%, which has now improved to 26%.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
And the final question is on your thoughts or your views on Relaxo 
doubling down EBO on sparks. So competitive intensity end.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
We don't comment on any of our competitor policies. I'm sure 
everybody has a strategy that they follow.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
And final bookkeeping that it is come from somebody else can you call 
out the operating cash flow for the quarter?  
Raman Chawla: 
Our operating cash flow is about INR 83 crores of generation that we 
have done in this quarter Compared to EBITDA number of about INR 62 
crores.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Agarwal from 
Akash Ganga Investments. Please go ahead.  
Ashwin Agarwal: 
 I just had one question like could you give me a split like the revenue 
split between the tier one cities and Tier 2 cities like NCR region you're 
dominating and Mumbai, Bangalore, another Tier 2 cities like do we 
have a split over there?  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
Piyush Singh: 
We do have a split here on an aggregate basis 70% of our revenue 
comes in from Tier 2 tier 3 cities and 30% of our revenue comes in from 
Tier 1 and metros. While on a channel basis, trade distribution makes 
the same mix, but our D2C online business has a roughly 45-55 kind of 
a mix in the favour of tier 2 tier 3 cities.  
Ashwin Agarwal: 
OK, so do we have any like major strategies to penetrate into the tier 
one cities because we can have a good market share over there as well. 
Looking at the opportunities like big cities like Mumbai, Bangalore, 
Kolkata?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Certainly, the way we are looking at premiumisation of our portfolio 
and we've significantly premiumizing over the last three years, this is 
one of the major reasons we've been able to garner extra market share 
in in the metros and tier ones. Also we have had a specific emphasis on 
opening EBOs in these cities, which has led to a very high aspiration 
quotient and a premiumisation, as well in these cities. So given with, 
both the factors we've been able to gain disproportionate I would say 
market share in these metros and tier ones. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil from ICP. Please 
go ahead. As there is no response next question is from the line of Nitin 
from CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Nitin: 
My question is, with respect to gross margin contraction of 570 bps, so 
would you be able to help me separate the in terms of the quantum of 
gross margin impact? I guess like GST changes like 200 bps impact. How 
much was the impact to be due to the product mix in terms of what is 
the share of open footwear and how it expanded YOY if you can throw 
some light on that?  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
Piyush Singh: 
Not sure why are you saying that there is a gross margin compression 
because compared to quarter four FY22 our gross margin have stayed 
intact at 36% in quarter one FY23.. On a full year basis gross margin was 
37.5% in FY22 versus 36% in quarter one FY23, while our major quarters 
are yet to come in.  
Nitin: 
So just comparing quarter on quarter. Like YOY? From Q1 to Q1.  
Piyush Singh: 
OK, so, I think that would be an unfair comparison because last year for 
quarter one the majority of the revenue came in from our D2C online 
channel which by nature itself is a high margin generating channel 
because last year for all the three months of first quarter 
distribution got impacted severely by the 2nd wave of COVID-19.  
Nitin: 
OK got it and in terms of like the raw material situation currently like 
what is the inventory position we have built up and how we are 
confident about the maintaining margin on the from the inflationary 
pressure. If you can quantify on the quantum of inflation we have seen 
in this quarter.  
Piyush Singh: 
While it will be difficult to quantify the quantum of inflation that we 
have seen. All we can say is despite all the inflationary pressure, we 
have managed to improve our YoY ASP by 3% and even on an aggregate 
level while we closed FY22with an ASP of INR 616. We have managed 
to achieve an ASP of INR 597 in the first quarter itself. Talking about our 
preparedness, we have taken certain steps as we had mentioned in our 
last quarter call itself, we have taken some proactive steps in terms of 
building up essential raw material supplies like forward purchase of 
EVA raw material that has really paid off from an availability 
perspective and hence we were able to place the product at a faster 
pace in the market. So from a GTM perspective of first to market and 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
passes to market has really helped us in gaining some bit of revenue 
growth in the first quarter itself and come from a preparedness 
perspective, all I can say here is that we have the requisite inventory 
levels to take care of our festive season in the coming quarters.  
Nitin: 
OK, and lastly, like the in terms of the difficulty in sourcing EVA. So how 
exactly we have enter into contract? I'm just thinking from that 
perspective the competition is unable to source this raw material, will 
it be an opportunity for us to gain share?  
Piyush Singh: 
EVA is just one of the components amongst the many raw materials 
that we purchased. While the EVA is certainly extremely important 
because I mean you cannot make a sole without it, so in our case we 
have booked EVA for the next six months for this quarter. We obviously 
pay only as it arrives, so it's not a payment impact on the on the cash 
outflow, but it's more of securing the supplies at us at specific price, so 
there is no volatility in terms of price and supply which has really helped 
us in terms of optimising our supply chain and making sure that we are 
the fastest to the market amongst other raw material as well, we are 
trying to follow a similar approach. We're not forward booking, but we 
are one of the largest consumers in our footwear segment for most of 
these raw materials, we have a very strong negotiating power with the 
vendors, and that's how we go about purchasing them.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Yogesh Shah 
from Incred. Please go ahead.  
Harsh Yogesh Shah: Channel mix has considerably evolved over the past four five years, we 
do see now it is 35% of our overall sales. So how do you see the channel 
mix evolve going ahead, let's say 4-5 years from now?  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yes, certainly it has done very well for us as a brand, as a company, the 
D2C channel has grown significantly so today the mix is about 60-40 
and  going forward we in in a stable state situation. We see it 
stabilising. It's somewhere around 50-50 over the next couple of years, 
so that's how we are planning the two channels.  
Harsh Yogesh Shah: OK, and Sir, within that if we look at trade distribution as you just 
mentioned, that close to, 80% of our sales comes from a core markets 
of North and East. So how do we look at growth there? Because I mean 
the kind of penetration and the market share would be high in 
those market, right? So how do we look at growth in those core 
markets in trade distribution?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So interesting question there is still and we debate this a lot internally 
as well. There is a lot of potential still in in our core markets left. It's not 
like we have saturated the markets in any way or there's still so many 
areas which have untapped potential. And we are always on the 
lookout to creating and growing a distribution channel with the wider 
reach with more number of distributors and retailers on hand. So 
there's a lot of potential still left, and there's no way nowhere even 
close to saturating in these core markets.  
Harsh Yogesh Shah: So basically you are saying that there is still an opportunity for higher 
penetration as well as improving the throughput from a particular 
outlet in those core markets. And if I get it converted correctly.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Absolutely there's a lot of potential in increasing the market share and 
let say the watch share in each of these outlets that we have in the end 
use as well.  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
Harsh Yogesh Shah: OK, but when we think of wallet share, I mean in in the EBOs in the core 
markets, I mean increasing it marginally, increasing it from the current 
level. Competing with the other categories as well in which we are not 
creating like let's say men formal wear or I mean maybe casual wear.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yeah, so there are two things happening there. One is that we are 
gaining market share on account of other sports shoe branch where the 
consumer is preferring campus over other price and the second factor 
that's contributing on account of the consumer preference shift 
towards casual and sport shoes. So there's a significant shift that has 
happened in the last couple of years and it's progressively happening 
much more and more after COVID happened, so like leather industry, 
for example, is on a downward trend right now. It's not growing at all. 
It's actually on a De growth path, so all of that market share is sort of 
converting to casual and sports segment.  
Harsh Yogesh Shah: OK, so basically the product mix at an EBO level itself is changing, which 
is benefiting us right yes.  
 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yes, one of the factors that's contributing to our growth. 
Piyush Singh:   
Hi operator just for everyone clarification, I would like to highlight a 
statement here. Maybe because of the statement that we have 
published in the newspapers, people are looking at gross profit for the 
quarter as INR 338 crores minus INR 170 crores equal INR 268 crores. In 
our parlance, we mentioned this as material margin, so material margin 
for Q1FY23 is 49.6% as against 55.3% in Q1FY22. Because of the 
disproportionately high revenue contribution coming in from e-
commerce channel and as trade distribution was literally shut during 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
the first three months because of the 2nd wave of COVID 19. While if 
we look at the full year FY22 audited numbers, this material margin was 
close to 50%. Both on a full year basis as well as quarter for FY22 basis 
we have kind of maintained a material margin. We have a better view 
of our direct expenses and hence at gross margins for both these 
quarters Q4FY22 and Q1FY23 have stayed intact at 36% so I wanted to 
clarify this for everyone's benefit because the breakup is not given in 
our published financials.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from 
Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
One observation across you the footwear industry, is that while the 
value segment has continue to struggle at least the premium in the mid 
premium continues to do very so just wanted to move your thoughts 
on this and how are you seeing this trend to continue? Or maybe 
change?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
See the value segment, which is basically up to INR 999 MRP is 
extremely saturated as a market, if you notice that most of the private 
labels and there must be like hundreds of them in India, they're all 
manufacturing and selling shoes. Between this price point from INR 00 
to INR 999 and that's where the saturation sort of creeps in. It is 
extremely competitive space which leads to very low margins for 
everybody operating in that value segment, so that's where we as a 
brand differentiate ourselves by because of the aspiration brand 
aspirations we've been we've created over the last several years. We 
dominate and do really well in this semi premium to premium segment 
which is INR 1000 to 3000 rupees and specifically. INR 1000 to 2000 is 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
of course as you know there is absolutely no competition and leads 
higher ASP and higher realisations in the gross margins. 
Piyush Singh: 
 Just to add to it, our revenue contribution from semi premium - 
premium category has significantly gone up on a year on year basis. 
Last year same quarter, we so anything above ₹1000 MRP contributed 
only 53% of our revenue which in Q1FY23 has gone up to 68%, even for 
full year FY22 the contribution from semi premium - premium for us for 
64%. So with enhanced marketing focus targeting and image building 
and premiumization of portfolio, we've been able to significantly 
increase our ASP and contribution from the premium and semi 
premium categories.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
So my other question of the other clarification is when you see your 
ASP is INR 600 odd rupees, so that would be the net that you realize, 
it's nothing to do with the selling price.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
I mean. That is the X factorization in our books. That is the index 
realization for us.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from a Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Tejash Shah: 
The first question is that in other retailers, we have seen this 
seasonality margins which emanates from the fact that they have a very 
wide variation of end of season sale and  material prices which actually 
stretch over different quarters. So just wanted to understand how it 
plays out in our portfolio especially the Q1?  
Piyush Singh: 
The way our business is constructed is very different compared to pure 
play retailers. 60% of our sales happen through trade distribution 

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
network, where the level of discounting is sub 2% for us. It's almost a 
full price sales for us and entire ASP that compared to the couple of 
retailers that are listed in this space. So, similarly in our ecommerce 
portfolio which is 35% of our top line at discount percentage so far has 
states up 20% there despite it being touted as a discount channel. And 
lastly for our review and care sound channel. Our aggregate discounts 
have stayed below 6% for the channel so far in the first quarter. So that 
a takes impacts of everything, including EOSS happening at the store, 
but this part of the portfolio is only 5% of our top line. Just to give some 
more seller on the channel perspective trade distribution, which is 60% 
the average discounting that we typically see at a multi brand outlet for 
our brand is anywhere between 15% to 20%. So, for the large part of 
portfolio, which is roughly 95% of the portfolio, our aggregate 
discounting over some somewhere between 15% to 20% on an annual 
basis.  
Tejash Shah: 
OK, and then there is no seasonality there which would have impacted 
us. 
Piyush Singh: 
So, seasonality is there in terms of the product profile that we end up 
selling like in the first two quarters. There is a fair bit of open footwear 
which is as high as 25% but in the second-half of the year this 
percentage goes down to almost 10% and remaining 90% is closed 
footwear, which is the higher ASP product for us.  
Tejash Shah: 
A second question is on the kind of expansion that we have done both 
geographic product portfolio and then even channel mix change, just 
wanted understand in last two years pre COVID the same quarter, what 
was the number of SKUs we are catering with and what will be the 
number of SKUs that we are catering today with?  

                                                                                         Campus Activewear Limited 
Aug 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Piyush Singh: 
The number of SKUs remain more or less the same. It is largely the 
channel mix that has changed, so there must be a small variation in that 
sense, because last 4-5 years we've been having a very good 
assortment of SKUs, so it's not exactly a function of how many designs 
is more about what's the volume per design that we can send, and 
that's where the throughput has really kicked in for us over the last 
couple of years.  
Tejash Shah: 
So usually we have seen when we enter new market there's a new 
difference of fashion sense that we have to cater to usually and then 
that initially it actually builds some SKU pressure. You are saying that in 
our category, in our brand that pressure is not that high.  
Piyush Singh: 
Yes it's not that high because as we entered into frontier markets like 
South India market, we had to be leave up our open footwear and slip 
on and slider portfolio. Similarly, when we entered this we had to add 
a significant bit of sandals as a portfolio. But if you look at the overall 
picture that incremental edition is not even 10% of our overall 
portfolio. And given the strength of our R&D department, we have one 
of the largest R&D teams development teams in India in this category 
so even creating products from that perspective is not exactly any bit 
of a challenge, it's more about creating the right product for the right 
market where we are really expectations.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you very much. That was the last question for today's Campus 
Activewear Q1 FY23 concall, on behalf of Campus Activewear 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and in 
case of any further queries please reach out to Campus Activewear, 
Investor Relations team at ird@campusshoes.com you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
