 
 
 
 
              
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 22nd August, 2022 
 
The General Manager                                       The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department                  Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                                      National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,                               Limited 
Rotunda Building                                             “Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers                                                        Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort                                              Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001                                              Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249                               NSE Symbol: KSB 
 
  
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Intimation about participation in the Investor Conference 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our intimations dated 9th August, 2022, 12th August, 2022 and 13th 
August, 2022 attaching herewith the Transcript of the Institutional Investors Meet held 
and participated on 12th August, 2022.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record.  
  
Yours faithfully, 
FOR KSB LIMITED 
 
 
 
Mahesh Bhave 
GM- Finance and Company Secretary 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MAHESH 
GOPAL 
BHAVE
Digitally signed by MAHESH GOPAL BHAVE 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=a633bdf475a070fa3cbc3a395f922
df6ae69d9707ea4e7a384133aae4916a72f, 
postalCode=416416, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=eb0451c8d91c9a8cf275071
329c736c9926e155f2ed6207235739a27d5f
6f18e, cn=MAHESH GOPAL BHAVE 
Date: 2022.08.22 15:45:45 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
              
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KSB Limited Institutional Investors Meet  
 
12th August, 2022  
 
 
 
 
CO-RDINATOR:  
Ashwani Sharma - ICICI Securities 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Rajeev Jain - Managing Director, KSB Limited 
Milind Khadilkar - Chief Financial Officer, KSB Limited 
Mahesh Bhave – Company Secretary, KSB Limited 
Shraddha Kavathekar, Asst - Company Secretary, KSB Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
              
3 
 
 
 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
So, good morning, everyone. So on behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all 
to KSB Institutional Investors Meet.  
 
It's a pleasure to host KSB Limited senior management today. As you all know, 
KSB is a part of a German giant, is basically engaged into the manufacturing of 
pumps and valves.  
 
Today with us, we have a team, which is successfully running the company for 
so many years. So just to introduce, it's a pleasure to introduce the team on the 
dias, Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing Director and Mr. Milind Khadilkar, the Chief 
Financial Officer.  
 
Mr. Rajeev Jain, he's a mechanical engineer and has done business management 
in the International Trade. Before joining KSB India, he was handling -- as the 
MD of KSB Indonesia for over a decade, where he took the company to new 
highs. And he was also Managing Director of KSB Singapore, and the Regional 
Executive Officer of the Southeast Asia.  
 
Mr. Milind Khadilkar, he is a Chartered Accountant by education and has 35 
years of experience in the finance and accounts. He has been associated with the 
company since 2017.  
 
Along with Mr. Jain and Mr. Khadilkar, we have other team members from the 
Company Secretary, Mr. Mahesh Bhave and Ms. Shraddha Kavathekar.  
 
I would like to now hand over the mike to the management to address the 
audience. Please, sir. 
 
Milind Khadilkar: 
I think I'm audible? So good morning, everyone. And thank you ICICI for 
arranging such a wonderful gathering.  
 
We'll start with the customary statements regarding forward-looking statements. 
This presentation may contain certain forward-looking statement relating to the 
company's future business developments and economic performance.  
 
Such statements may be subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other 
important factors such as, but not limited to, competitive pressures, legislative 
and regulatory developments, global macroeconomic and political trends, 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates and general financial market conditions, 
delay or inability in obtaining approvals from authorities, technical 
developments, mitigations, adverse publicity and news coverage, which could 
cause actual developments and results to differ materially from the statements 
made in this presentation.  
 
The company assumes no obligation to update or alter forward-looking 
statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 

 
 
 
 
              
4 
 
So this is the brief contents of the presentation, Organogram; KSB India - 
Presents; KSB in India or the applications; KSB India - Success Stories/ Major 
Developments, Major Initiatives; Market Penetration - Top 10 Customers; Major 
Orders Received; Net financial position; Sales turnover overview and export 
business development. Also, we will cover the revenue trend, profit trend, return 
on sales trend, and initiatives in 2022 related to digitization, major investments, 
sales network expansion and brand promotion activities and ESG initiatives. 
 
So first of all, the Organogram, and we first reveal the senior management. We 
have Mr. Rajeev Jain, our MD first. Myself, heading Finance and Digital 
Transformation cell; Shirish Kulkarni Heads our HR Function; Sales and 
Marketing is led by Farrokh Bhathena; Nuclear Operations by Nitin Patil. We 
have the valves factory in Coimbatore, which is looked after by Manoharan 
Raja. Our Quality Head, Philip; Product Management and Product Services, Mr. 
Seshadri. Our Sinnar plant is Headed by Sunil Bapat; SupremeServ, the 
Aftermarket business by Rajesh Kulkarni; and Procurement and Foundry 
Operations by Pradip Watve. 
 
We have our presence -- we have seven manufacturing locations in India, four 
zonal offices in all the metros, Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai, 12 branch 
offices apart from the zonal offices mainly in the state capitals of almost all the 
states. Is it required? Five service stations in all the five major zones of India. 
We have about 200 plus authorized service centers all over India and distribution 
and dealer network of 1,000 plus active dealers all over India. We also have a 
liaisoning office in Bangladesh for business in Bangladesh, and we also cater to 
Nepal and Bhutan as a market area through our dealers. 
 
So this is a snapshot of our Shirwal factory, the latest factory which we 
inaugurated in 2017. This is our Corporate Office and the oldest office in Pimpri 
in Pune. This is the inside picture of the manufacturing setup in the Pune factory. 
This is our central warehouse a few kilometers away from the Pimpri factory in 
Chinchwad, where we have the spare parts and service business. And all types of 
servicing and maintenance jobs are done here. 
 
This is our Sinnar factory, standard products. Same again, Sinnar factory. This is 
our foundry in Vambori. We have two foundries, cast-iron foundry as well as 
stainless steel foundries, mainly for captive consumption.  
 
This is our Coimbatore valve factory. We manufacture Gate, Globe Check Valve 
in Coimbatore. And then this is our Associate KSB MIL Controls in Kochi, 
Kerala, where we manufacture control valves. And our R&D unit, KSB Tech, 
which is also located in Pune and caters to all the Group technical requirements, 
research and development. 
 
The applications of our product of valves and pumps include the energy sector, 
industry and water. We have all types of pumps from high-pressure multistage 
pumps, vertical inline pumps, gate, globe check valves and ball valves, which 
are used in the boiler feed application, condensate extraction applications, sugar, 
paper and pulp handling, thermic fluid petrochemicals et cetera and also pumps 

 
 
 
 
              
5 
 
in irrigation, farmhouses, firefighting, drinking water supply and domestic 
purpose.  
 
We also have in the wastewater area, construction and SupremeServ. 
SupremeServ is our spare parts repairs, field service, modernization and 
replacement. Whereas construction and building services for drinking water 
supply, firefighting and HVAC. And for wastewater we have applications in 
various types of municipal, industrial wastewater, sewage and effluent treatment, 
storm water drainage and be dewatering et cetera. So all types of non-clock 
pumps, gate, globe, check and ball valves find the application in various 
segments also. 
 
Now the success stories and major developments. We received the order from 
NPCIL for eight numbers primary coolant pumps, RSR 400/2 Kaiga 5 & 6. 
Along with 10 electric motors and spare parts, the value is about INR5,000 
million. We also have tested a good success of order intake of almost INR2,000 
million from petrochemical sector during the past year.  
 
The FGD order of INR225 million from BHEL; a breakthrough in BB3 for both 
domestic market and exports. And we recently started the mechanical seal 
business and we are testing early success. Nuclear mechanical seal testbed 
commissioned at our factory and repair facility also inaugurated in our 
Chinchwad, that will be SupremeServ factory. So we are gearing up for the 
mechanical seal business very well.  
 
And despite cyberattack, we had experienced the cyberattack early in the month 
of April on our Group servers. And we, to some extent and for some time our 
operations were paralyzed, but we quickly bounced back. And despite of the 
cyberattack, factories, branches, warehouses teams worked round the clock, in 
three shifts to ensure the sales. 
 
Major infrastructure developments, localization of KSB mechanical seals 
business, as I mentioned in the earlier slide. Investment for solar business 
growth, that is also taking place, machine replacements at EPD, the old 
machines have been removed and replaced. Office infrastructure at IPD with our 
old offices now being renovated and made more efficient and environment-
friendly.  
 
Investments for digitization initiatives, including robotic process automation, 
now we are getting into phase two. Advanced planning solution for production 
planning at our Shirwal plant. We have also implemented mobile warehouse 
management, expansion of service network is in progress. Continuously we are 
expanding our authorized service dealers. Expansion of dealer network every 
now and then new dealers are coming on board and various investments also 
planned in ESG projects which will be also displayed later. 
 
Market penetration, the top 10 customers for previous year as well as the current 
year. The list is still dominated by Bharat Heavy Electricals, Thermax, Rushabh 
Enterprises is one of our dealer, then ISGEC, Patil Engineering another dealer, 
RK Engineers another dealer, Larsen & Toubro, Pooja Engineering, another 

 
 
 
 
              
6 
 
dealer, NTPC and Thyssenkrupp. So these are our main customers now. Since 
we have also received the order recently from NPCIL, it tops the list in H1, '22. 
Indian Oil Corporation also is coming back. Petrochemical section has lot of 
good stories, Thermax is there. Wuhuan Engineering is again another 
petrochemical customer. Technip again petrochemical customer, Technimont 
and Andritz. These are our main customers as of now. 
 
Major projects orders received in the Q2, 2022. Again you will see on the left 
side, the petrochemical segments dominating and then there are other like NRL 
Expansion Project, HRRL Crude and Pipeline project, TSGENCO, J-18 
expansion project of IOCL, Supply and Reactor Heat Pumps in Panipat, IOCL. 
Kiru and Kuther is the name of the project, Expansion project of IOCL, Gujarat, 
MB Power, and again NRL and Asia Pacific Rayon. So these are the main top 10 
orders received in the last quarter. 
 
Net financial position. Although the net funding or net fund position has come 
down compared to the same period in the earlier year it is mainly due to the 
advances which we have received from NPCIL are now utilized for buying 
equipment, raw materials and building inventory and also lot of investments in 
expansion in additional factory shed in Sinnar and other machineries et cetera. 
But still we are having a healthy cash surplus of more than INR3,000 million. 
 
The business mix pie chart shows a very steady or same kind of minor 
adjustment here and there. The standard pumps have gone up from 46% to 47%. 
Engineered pumps have come down from 23 to 21, SupremeServs and valves are 
also more or less maintaining the same ratio. So pie charts more or less remains 
the same. 
 
Export development, again we are coming back. We had the exports dip in the 
year say 2018 and '19 or even in '20. But '21, we had good 20%, up to June '21 
last year was about 19.6% and we are -- first six months we have got the share of 
about 16.6% of exports.  
 
Revenue from operations, we are maintaining the increasing trend except for the 
COVID year of 2020. Other than that, we are continuously improving, and for 
the six months ended June '22 we already clocked revenue of INR8,661 million. 
Profit and loss, again the same increasing trend. In spite of COVID and 
cyberattack and many other obstacles, we have already clocked INR1,180 
million for the six months ended June '22. 
 
Return on sales, same story. We are improving for last two years continuously 
from '19 to '20, '21 and '22 and for the first six months, we have locked the ROS 
of about 13.6%.  
 
Now major initiatives in 2022, on the digitalization and IT point. We have three 
vertical sales initiatives, operations initiatives and IT initiatives. Under sales, we 
have project cost information system, dealer management portal, SICCA value 
sale selection tool. And on operations initiatives, we have MIS automation, 
machine monitoring and model workstations, advanced planning and scheduling 
tools. And under IT initiatives, cloud adoption, we will be progressively shifting 

 
 
 
 
              
7 
 
to cloud, instead of our on-premise service. Implementation of SAP, warehouse 
management as well as mobile warehouse management.  
 
Data classification and data loss prevention is a very important aspect and 
upgradation of our LAN and Wi-Fi 6-ready really setup, because we all depend -
- many of our business processes depend on the bandwidth and the Wi Fi. So we 
are upgrading our IT infrastructure network. 
 
Major investments, we are building an admin bloc and guest house at Shirwal 
plant, because now the plant has more than five years of operation. The sales and 
operations process are well set up and we need the administrative support and 
facilities. Replacement of machines KBL vertical -- VTL, then Wotan boring 
and some VMC and advanced Lathe machines. 3D printer and infrastructure, 
digitalization projects, small, small but various projects where we are going to 
big way for digitalization. 
 
Network devices, as I said that LAN and Wi Fi upgradation mechanical, field 
localization a new line of business you can see. Additional land in Shirwal for 
future purposes. Some of the network expansions activities, we recently opened 
a liaisoning office in Bangladesh. And it is looked after by a Bangladeshi 
national. And we are hopeful of getting a good success there. We also have 
media interaction. And you can see ET TV our MD, Mr. Rajeev Jain giving an 
interview on 24 June, 2022. 
 
Some of the participation in exhibitions and sales promotion activities. We also 
had a dealer meet, a select dealer meet for the top dealers to explain our 
strategies and the planning. 
 
Product launch, we launched Aqua Series pumps in May 22. These are 14 self-
priming monobloc models were launched under the Aqua Series. The event was 
followed by a Gala Dinner. Again some sales promotion activities, conducting 
various nukkad meets, plumber meets, retailers meets. Some other promotion 
activities promoting brand continuously in the market by conducting various 
outdoor activities. Following are the few activities conducted in the last quarter 
across the zones.  
 
ESG activities, again we have taken it very seriously and committed the big way 
for ESG improvements also. So drip -- we have started the drip irrigation for 
gardening, tree plantation in and around our factories, biogas plant, we have 
installed. STP plants for reuse of treated water. Rainwater harvesting by 
rechargeable method. So that is also we have put up. And we also have improved 
the lighting. We have replaced our traditional lights by LED bulbs in offices and 
shop floors also. Bicycles movement, in a big plant, earlier we used to move 
around by four wheelers, so we have encouraged our employees to use the 
bicycle. So one is the fitness also and the environment also.  
 
Installation of solar panels on the rooftop, wherever available to generate and 
save the energy. And we are also certified at various places under the green 
building certification. ESG initiatives continued, the employee welfare activities. 
We also have CSR activities. We are promoting CSR at all nearby -- all our 

 
 
 
 
              
8 
 
factory locations in Pune, as well as in Kochi, and Coimbatore and Ahmednagar. 
And we are continuously supporting many of the NGOs, old age homes, giving 
them with renovation in toilets, and girls rooms or dining areas and wash basins 
and so many things. 
 
So some of the other NGOs like Tata SOFOSH Center, Grow Tree also we are 
contributing. And the hospital and medicare also we are supporting. Some 
animal husbandry also, solar street lighting in near Ahmednagar, solar power 
generation in one of the NGOs to reduce their cost of power. 
 
So that's it from my side. So happy to take questions. Thank you. Yes. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, there’s couple of questions. Sir, one is in case of gross margins, do we see 
this as the peak of inflation or the peak of raw material inflation and going 
forward that should improve? Or some guidance if you can give. And even after 
the fall in raw material prices, have you passed on the price decreases of raw 
material to the dealer channel. And also for -- if you can just give a similar 
perspective for B2B pumps as well? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. Good morning, everyone. Yes, material price increase were a cause of 
concern in the first half. And we could pass on some of it to the customers as 
well. We did not -- we could not pass everything, because we compensate that 
by our internal measures or internal operational efficiency measures, reduction 
of failure costs, digitization measures to make our processes lean, control on 
inventory and measures like that. 
 
The last, I would say two months have shown an encouraging sign of the raw 
material prices stabilizing and kind of showing a consistent stability sign, in 
some cases going down, in some cases remaining at the same level. So these are 
encouraging signs and hopefully that should help us to recover the gross margins 
in the second half.  
 
Whether we have passed on the reduction to our dealers, customers, yes, not in 
all cases, in some cases, taking the feedback from our dealers. Yes, we have 
been able to do that as well. But I would say broadly, we have still maintained 
our prices, and we'll watch the situation in the weeks to come and take 
appropriate action.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And given the sharp increase in gas prices, especially in Europe, does that open 
up opportunity for the KSB export opportunity, which we do within our own 
associate companies. So I think largely exports are focused in Southeast Asia. So 
do we see making any inroads in Europe?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, there has been I would say increased activity to look for vendors in India, 
sourcing from India, from Indian vendors. These activities have definitely 
increased. Also with this geopolitical situation also with China, Taiwan and all 
these situation, I guess, the Group also looks to India as an alternative option. So 
these are things which are being discussed and how it moves in the future we'll 

 
 
 
 
              
9 
 
have to wait and see. But there is definitely a discussion and activities in this 
direction.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And in case of nuclear pumps, if you can just come again with the timeline that 
we have? Have there been any changes for the execution cycle? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Nuclear business, you see we received an order for the primary coolant pump at 
the end of 2018, beginning '19. Those were to be delivered in this year, by April 
this year, the original delivery. But due to all the COVID pandemic, these got 
delayed. We have also got extension from the customer. So considering all that, I 
would consider that their orders is on track. And we hope to deliver our first 
pump casing in the first quarter of next year.  
 
So, I would see that as a good progress. NPCIL has been visiting us and they 
have expressed their satisfaction with the pump portion. The motors are from 
BHEL which, I would say we are in constant communication, and that should 
also happen in the first half of next year. So overall, I would say the progress of 
the existing order is going quite well. And now, we have received the second 
order for the same primary coolant pumps, which is a good sign that, in this 
nuclear business, you need to maintain those competence and the vendors for 
long-term.  
 
So this order gives us a consistent scope for continuing the activities, which 
includes investing in machines, which we showed in our presentation as well. 
And the pipeline for nuclear business is quite attractive. Apart from the primary 
coolant pumps, we have quoted a lot of other auxiliary pumps in the primary 
cycle where we are quite optimistic. Apart from that there is a secondary cycle, 
which the business is also likely to be vetted in the coming months or maybe 
early next year. So overall, there is a good pipeline of nuclear inquiries and 
possibilities in the next two to three years.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, execution should be INR200 crore next year and then INR200 crore a year 
after that, and INR100 crores in --?? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Hopefully, yes. Hopefully, yes. If we -- we have an order of eight pumps, we 
target to deliver at least four pump sets next year. There are many variables to 
that. It's not only dependent on us. NPCIL also has to set up the testbed which is 
-- the testing will be done at the site. So if everything goes well, then we are 
targeting four pump sets for next year.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So for nuclear, what can -- so let's say if we look at the order 2017-‘18, we got 
the first order and after four-five years we are getting the second order. But 
considering the energy crisis and all what do you think can make this 
opportunity much more secular and in terms of receiving order from NPCIL. So 
there are I think two or three more projects, which can be worth at least INR500 
crore each in the pipeline.  
 
So why are the orders not -- it's not been much more secular than what we have 
seen in the past? So I think what we were guiding was that, there were INR1,500 
crores worth of orders which can come. So INR500 crores have just come in that 

 
 
 
 
              
10 
 
too after four or five years. So on remaining INR1,000 crores order, what do you 
think can -- how early we can get those orders? Where are -- in the processing 
stage where it is right now. So if you're going to share a perspective there.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, this business is here to stay, the nuclear business. There is overall 12 power 
plants which have been announced. And yes, you are right, there was the bid of 
INR1,500 crores which was based on the site clearance and environmental 
clearance. So they called it a bulk tender. But these got delayed and delayed. 
This got delayed. It was bid somewhere in '19. And due to all these pandemic, 
the ordering got delayed. So the delay has had a consequence on the pricing 
validity and you have seen how the material prices have gone haywire in this 
period.  
 
So finally, to maintain that continuity and to ensure that that there is no delay or 
time lag in the execution of overall projects, NPCIL decided to finalize one 
project immediately, so that again, I repeat is the continuity of the work is not 
disturbed. And the remaining two projects will be retendered and the schedule is 
in the third to fourth quarter of this year. And so it will happen in its process. It's 
only a process issue from NPCIL.  
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
My request is to please introduce yourself. Thanks. 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Yeah, hi. Rajesh Kothari from AlfAccurate Advisors. Just wanted to know few 
things. One on the nuclear power, [indiscernible, 00:30:12.0] it’s a panel selling 
potential of INR3,000 plus. And then we will get the auxiliary pump where there 
are three to four players where they have not yet got approval on the primary 
side. So just trying to understand the competitive landscape here, the total 
opportunity, the competitive landscape for both primary as well as for auxiliary? 
And what if the other players gets the approval for the primary? Right now, KSB 
is the only approved vendor. So can you give some color on this?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. And on the primary side, you have these primary coolant pumps which are 
the heart which cool the reactor. These are -- these pumps are -- at present KSB 
is the only qualified vendor, because of our references of having supplied to all 
other plants. These pumps are required high technical amount of engineering and 
it requires a good amount of, I would say, development process. KSB with its 
history, we are already ahead in the sense, we did that jobs are here in 
collaboration with KSB Germany. So we got a head start and we had the 
provenness.  
 
So today, the potential is yeah, almost INR3,000 crores in this pump alone out of 
which, we have already got INR1,000 crores. And the remaining one, we have to 
see. At least we KSB are qualified. And we have to see if anybody else qualifies 
for this job in the future. And that is difficult for me to comment. 
 
Apart from this main coolant pumps, there are auxiliary pumps in the primary 
circuit as well, where there are other manufacturers also. There are other 
manufacturers Indian manufacturers also. So that will be competitive bidding 
and we have bid for those jobs. We may be successful in some jobs. So we are 

 
 
 
 
              
11 
 
hoping that. So, that will add to the business portfolio of nuclear for the primary 
site. 
 
In secondary, there are much more vendors cycle. But applications like boiler 
feed pump, NPCIL gave a development order to two vendors. And these are the 
main boiler feed pumps in the secondary cycle. And the KSB delivered this 
already 1.5 year back. This development order was completed by us and 
delivered. So we have already qualified for that application. And there are many 
other applications which are there, but those will be, I would say that will be all 
competitive bidding. And it is also maybe not ordered by NPCIL directly. It may 
go to EPCs like BHEL and others. So this is an overall scenario of possibilities.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So it means one is the primary coolant, where you have INR3,000 crore 
opportunity, INR1,000 we already received. Other is you said, in the auxiliary 
within that there is a primary. And then there are two to four players within that, 
am I right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, maybe two to three. 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Two to three. And who are these two to three players? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
One, it's -- one is Kirloskar Brothers, one was BPCL. And BPCL today's already 
closed down. That's the state government. And it depends on who all decides to 
participate whether companies like Sulzer, Willow and they would want to 
participate or not. This is something which has to be seen. So these are all Indian 
entities who have their manufacturing base in India. 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
And if like for example turbine pump, whether BHEL decides to make on its 
own, then what kind of risk do you see from BHEL kind of thing because -- 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. In that case we believe that NPCIL will follow the process. These pumps 
are not like any conventional other pumps. So the process is that a development 
order is issued and the manufacturer certifies or approves its credentials by 
developing that prototype and tested under rigid or stringent conditions, which 
we have done. We are the only one who has completed the process.  
 
So yes, there could be pressure from BHEL, but I believe that NPCIL would not 
deviate from this process. 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So just to conclude, NPCIL therefore, CY'23, you're looking at between '23-'24 
and '25 INR500 crores revenue, right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, means -- can you comment there?  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
See basically from Nuclear Power Corporation -- 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
First order [indiscernible 00:35:29] between '23 and '24.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, two years.  
 

 
 
 
 
              
12 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Primarily between two years, INR500 crore order basically will be executed 
between two years. Am I right?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Correct.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
And the other INR500 crores basically will be executed from CY2--? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
CY'26 and '27.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
CY'26 and CY’27, okay. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, as the time goes on, maybe it could be more. The initial, the order 
conditions are such that the first pump has to be tested extensively.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Understood.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
And there has to be 500 hours.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Then it becomes faster turnaround, okay. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, 500 hours. And if the casing has to be welded and it has to be removed and 
tested. But I believe that once the first two pumps are tested, then it becomes -- 
the process become much faster. So let’s say '23 we are targeting four. ’24 could 
be more than four, if all goes well. 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Okay. And going by last two years raw material volatility and nuclear power 
[Indiscernible 0:36:27], the incremental orders what we are doing and also the 
past orders, I understand there was a price variability close of 20% also, correct 
me if I'm wrong.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That’s right.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So this INR500 crores, let's assume CY'23 is less than INR200 crores whether 
the margins will be -- how are you hedging your raw material perspective and 
what kind of margin one should assume on this nuclear power opportunity?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, this 20% price variation clause which is there, was sufficient enough for 
our existing order to mitigate that price increase. Because the ordering of the 
material was done quite early.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Long back, okay.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So that helped us to kind of -- 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So you are adequately covered.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
We are adequately covered.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So NPCIL, one can assume the normal margin like company margin one can 
assume, or do you think it can be a little bit plus minus. 

 
 
 
 
              
13 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. It's difficult to say. Why I say difficult to say, because NPCIL jobs are 
very complex and very high precision. If you -- if one component gets rejected, 
it could have a heavy cost on one order. So unless it's all is completed, we never 
can say what margins we have. On paper theoretically, it should be a better 
margin. But ultimately, it depends on how we execute the order, and how 
successfully we can do that. Otherwise, it could -- any small mistakes can really 
ruin the margins.  
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Thank you sir. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst:  
Yes. Just to expand on nuclear potential, sir, the primary coolant pump how the 
business actually works? What I mean is the process design comes from what, 
your parent? And you are doing, just manufacturing part or how does that cycle 
work? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I would say this primary coolant pump has been developed by our team here in 
India. Normally, the process for all the pump, is the technology support comes 
from Germany. But in the past, we have had a collaboration that we 
manufactured some parts and we kind of assemble those parts. Those was a 
tripartite agreement between NPCIL, KSB Germany and us. So we got that 
experience. We had the start. And for this job, then we took it forward on our 
own. And we are developing this pump based on all the past experiences which 
our team had. And we are doing it locally here. That is 100% made in India 
product.  
 
And for the other products, secondary cycle, those are under technical license for 
that. And other primary coolant, auxiliary pumps, those are also coming from the 
past references and the experience which KSB India had. If you recollect NPCIL 
and KSB, way back in 1970 set up our unit in Chinchwad. And it is since these 
three, four-five decades that we have been manufacturing. But Germany has 
been manufacturing in partnership with us. So that know-how, that skill and that 
culture, I would say, has been there in KSB. So we have just taken it forward 
and that's the reason also NPCIL did not award a development order for this 
primary coolant pump.  
 
Otherwise their process is first development order. They had the confidence in 
KSB, knowing from the past deliveries. So we could -- the first order itself was a 
direct order.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But in the first order have you taken any backup support from the parent? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Sometimes it happens. Some consultancies or something like that, but nothing 
major, nothing major. They are there for us in case anything happens. But our 
people are all the same who have been worked on that. So nothing very specific, 
I would say. 
 

 
 
 
 
              
14 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. My question comes from the cost of rejection or failure, very high in 
terms of nuclear.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
True, very true. Yes, you see KSB as a company, we always say that it's a 
pioneer in bringing new technologies into India, especially related to pump. If 
you say boiler feed pumps, condensate pumps and the recent FGD pumps. All 
this technology has come first time to India, and it is through KSB. So in fact, I 
was in our plant two days back in EPD, and I got an interesting comment from 
our youngsters, because I was very appreciative of the way we were developing 
this PCB.  
 
So they said to me, sir, it's good that we did the supercritical boiler feed pump, 
CSTD type, which is supplied to Tata, Telangana. And they said from those 
pumps, which we made, we learned quite a lot and gave us a confidence. And if 
you happen to see the pumps, which are there, the kind of welding fabrication of 
the casing, it is something I also said to them after spending 35 years in pump 
industry, I'm still learning. It is some kind of very good know-how which -- and 
it's the culture. It's the culture in the company, which builds up and our Shirwal 
plant is quite geared up and having those -- that kind of skill set to do that 
pumps.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
What percentage would be localization in this? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
95-plus. Some parts, raw materials, which we don't want to kind of compromise 
in the first order, but those will also happen subsequently, some raw materials 
taking the vendor base of our principals, we have used very special materials. 
But processing and manufacturing 100% here, only some raw materials.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And testing?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Testing 100% here. Testing, for testing the pumps NPCIL is investing in 
Tarapur, a testbed and the pumps will be tested in that premises. KSB will set up 
a site office where we will do the storage, assembly, but the testing will be done 
in the Tarapur premises.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So your parent must be watching this progress, how you work? And nuclear has 
already been classified under ESG now, right. And Europe is now really starting 
most of the nuclear reactors. And I think nuclear is somewhere getting attention 
as part of ESG. But right, so does that opportunity opens up for KSB India 
particularly, since now, your parent is also observing you, watching you the 
progress is being observed. And that will be a very big opportunity as we see in 
next 5 to 10 years. So how do you see or are you getting any discussions or any 
kind of --?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Nuclear the confidence level of our parent company already was there for years. 
Because it's something which we have been doing for years. And as I mentioned, 
we have been associated with NPCIL for so many decades. So that confidence 
and the trust was already there. I think they have been seeing how we are 
executing that order. So there is no concern. In fact, it is more positive, and they 
are also on the same view that we will do this very successfully. 

 
 
 
 
              
15 
 
 
As far as opportunities are concerned, you'll see nuclear business export and 
what I think what -- that is what you mean. It's not so simple, it requires a lot of 
approval. There are political issues, you need clearances. It depends on country-
to-country relationships and all. So we are not looking at exports of this 
business. There is enough in India to do and if we can get a good share of this 
business, I think we will be booked for many years, more than five, seven, eight 
years. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So second big opportunity is FGD, right? And I think the penetration is very low 
as of today. So there how will you see the opportunity?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
When you say penetration is low -- 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I think there's lots of gigawatts yet to be converted. I mean, to put FGD in place. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think as my knowledge goes, most of the NTPC projects, they have been 
already ordered, or the implementation is a bit slow. But the ordering part and 
the finalization part that has happened for the NTPC. Now what are majors are 
the known NTPCs, state electricity board projects, the smaller ones, which 
recently also the government has extended the schedule, knowing the limitations 
of the supply chain and knowing it's not possible to do this in such a short time.  
 
So to give relief to all those manufacturers, they have bit extended and given 
priority wise. So we are also comfortable with that, not that we were squeezed. 
We had built up enough capacity in Shirwal. And luckily -- or I wouldn't say -- 
means due to the fact that the energy coal business went down, that capacity was 
available for us for this FGD business. So we still are -- for the NTPC business 
we have almost more than 70% market share for NTPC business, where there is 
a lot of strict stringent requirements on quality provenness. 
 
And for the non-NTPC jobs, the conditions are a bit more relaxed, but still we 
are quite successful there, because this is something which nobody would want 
to take chances, because this is a high wear and tear pump. And it has tough 
conditions to meet wear life of 14,000, and in some cases, 24,000 hours. So that 
know-how and all is there with KSB. We see this business a bit slowing down 
but spread out to the next three years. It will not be the same like we did it last 
year and this year. But it's getting extended, maybe it goes up to 25, 24, 25. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And just last question on the PetChem side, the process pumps. Because 
someone did ask on the -- the cost of manufacturing is increased substantially in 
Europe. And probably wasting energy also gets rationed the way it's unfolding. 
So there is a very fast need for them to move to other countries to import pumps. 
And where -- because of your parent and KSB India also, in process pumps you 
are -- so how do you see that opportunity unfolding? Because this could be a 
very fast opportunity coming in.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That's true. The petrochemical business is something of an opportunity for us for 
three to five years, when I see the investment in India itself, we talk of up to $40 
billion $50 billion coming in, in this sector with the kind of investments both the 

 
 
 
 
              
16 
 
government PSUs as well as private sectors who have announced their projects. 
We see a huge potential in India, KSB with its product portfolio. We are 
basically a product company. And our growth success has been due to the 
number of products, which we have been developing over the years.  
 
And we extend our range with API products, the range which was not there, 
BB3, BB2, this is the terminology used in this API. So we are continuously 
developing that products. And if you see today itself, this year, we have orders 
on hand of INR200 crores of this sector itself. So these are huge numbers and 
these give us encouragement that next two-three years, we are in the right place 
to do business.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
This is a very high margin business.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It's supposed to be high margin, but in India we have tough competition. There 
are a lot of -- in this sector, there are four or five international players who are 
present with manufacturing base here. So the cake is big, but so is the -- so are 
the manufacturer or the suppliers for this pump. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And so finally the service business, can it become 20% after five years? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah why 20% high, when I talk to my team, I say more than 20%, 25%. This is 
something will take time. Will take time because it needs investment in people. 
It needs investment in infrastructure, a lot of digitization efforts, automation so 
that we can capture the data. So it's something which we are going through that 
process. And I think the environment is changing in the sense that you need to be 
near to the customer and fast to provide that service. And for that, we need to 
ensure that we have all the data at our table that we can see where to go.  
 
So, definitely in the near future 20% is a target. And when we say 20%, it is 
considering that a new business is also growing at a rate of 18% to 20%. So it's -
- one may think that it is static, but one has to consider that there is an overall 
growth in the new business. So, yes, that is one of our key focus areas, key 
strategic area and we have branded that business as SupremeServ now. And then 
we are investing in that also.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, if you permit me, one more question. On mechanical seals, I think that's 
interesting area. And how do you see that business and how big that business can 
be?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, mechanical seal is a very interesting subject, which we are all very 
passionate about now, because this is a product which gives a huge potential for 
aftermarket business. So if you want to grow and succeed in aftermarket, 
mechanical seal is a must, I would say in my opinion because it connects us to 
the end users. It connects us to the end users where we don't do this business 
through EPCs or contractors. We go to the end users. And this is a business flow, 
this is wear and tear part which needs replacement.  
 
So KSB has tied up with a company and now we started localizing the 
mechanical seal also. Till today we are importing those seals, but now we have 

 
 
 
 
              
17 
 
started, localizing. And in the years to come we'll have local manufacturing. So 
we can expect that will be more competitive and more present in the market.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Your own manufacturing?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Own manufacturing, licensed from Germany, licensed from KSB Germany.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, please. 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Please restrict yourself to two to three questions, because there are many 
requests I believe.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes please. In the back. He raised the hand first.  
 
Vipul Shah 
Yeah. Sir, so what is the CapEx we have done? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Can you introduce yourself, sir? 
 
Vipul Shah 
My name is Vipul Shah. So my question is sir, what is the CapEx we have done 
till date for this nuclear order? And what is the balance CapEx that we'll be 
doing for nuclear business? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
On an average, our CapEx in the year is INR80 crores. INR80 crores is an 
overall. If you ask specifically for nuclear, we had earmarked almost around €25 
million to €30 million for this. That means including the plant, setting up plant 
and the machineries and development of the patterns and things like that. But 
this is a continuous investment. Now that we have received the second order, 
you have seen in the presentation, we want to replace our machines and get new 
ones.  
 
So if you ask me a figure, maybe somewhere around INR200 crores would be a 
total investment so far. It’s a very approximate figure, because some machines 
are common, which we use also for other applications. And it includes building, 
testing. Yesterday, two days back, we inaugurated our mechanical seal testing 
facility, a unique kind of facility. And mechanical seal for these pumps are to 
dynamically balanced. And KSB is the only company which does that. And we 
set up a testing, manufacturing and the investment was more than INR10 crores 
for that. So all-in-all, it's a continuous process, I would say. 
 
Vipul Shah 
So second question is regarding margins for this particular order. Since you are 
the only approved vendor and chances of rejection are very high as you say. 
Shouldn't magic be a little higher for these orders?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I wish it was. But we are always constrained. 
 
Vipul Shah 
But you are the only vendor. So you can dictate your term -- 
 

 
 
 
 
              
18 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Not really. I think this is a competitive bidding. And all the bidders are invited 
domestic as well as internationally. So when we make the pricing, we are not the 
only bidder. It’s only after the technical qualification that we become the bidder. 
And you see we have a history of supplies to NPCIL. And so we have to keep 
that in mind that there is already a price, which NPCIL has been buying. And 
that's the reason we have to be -- we can’t dictate the pricing. It's all under 
competitive.  
 
Vipul Shah 
And lastly, sir, can you quantify the size of the FGD pumps in India? You said 
market share is 70%, right?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So we have got orders for, let's say, 250 pumps so far. And the whole size so far 
would have been ordered, would be maybe 350, 400 pumps. So you take around 
INR400 crores, INR500 crores market size so far. And the remaining still has to 
come. I would say another INR200 crores to INR300 crores. 
 
Vipul Shah 
Thank you, sir.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I'm giving very approximate figures. These are not scientifically calculated. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, sir. On the cross margins, if you could help explain that you did upwards of 
50% gross margins, which obviously has come now due to various pressures. 
How should one think about that how in terms of the trajectory of gross 
margins? You will have pulls and pushes using of raw material is what you 
stated or stabilization. And then you have new orders, et cetera. How should one 
think about that not necessarily in the next six months to a year, but more from a 
two to three year perspective, how is that going to shape up? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, gross margins have suffered this year. But moving on, we intend to 
compensate that by our product mix as I mentioned, aftermarket business. 
Aftermarket business whether it is spare parts or service has a better profit 
margin. So we intend to increase that share in our business much more. So that is 
one area which we are working on.  
 
And the second is of course, nuclear and specialized pumps, which are also at 
better margins provided we execute them well. So this is also about endeavor 
that those quality and that precision. And if we can do and reduce the failure cost 
of this product business, then we can have a good margin compared to our 
normal conventional business. So, those are the basic steps.  
 
Of course, internal process improvement, digitization, whatever you may say, 
ESG measures, all these will kind of -- are ongoing parallelly to ensure that 
overall, we are able to maintain a healthy bottom line. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And is there a need to change the PVC clause or any other changes in the 
contract, given the volatility in RM cost that you're seeing past one, one and a 
half years?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, true, that is right. For the coming tenders, we want to -- we are discussing 
with NPCIL to remove the cap on the PVC clause. And this will make us maybe 

 
 
 
 
              
19 
 
more competitive as well. And this is something which is under discussion with 
NPCIL.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And the other larger orders in petrochemicals and other large orders, FGD, do 
you need any changes there? And are you well covered in those orders too? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So far we are well covered, but moving on this -- we have started -- you see a lot 
of this petrochemical business comes from PSUs. And it's very difficult to 
change or negotiate any term or condition? You get rejected on any single 
deviation. So this we are starting. We have started some dialogue. We have had 
some discussions. How far we will be successful in re-introducing this PVC 
clause in that depends. But yes, we are looking at the last one year, two years we 
have started this discussion. You have to wait and see.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Is that just that the tender condition itself that comes out which is same for 
everyone that itself does not have those clauses or that needs dialogue and 
changes? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
True, and those are non-negotiable clauses. So they just ask a one line statement, 
please confirm the terms and conditions. So all manufacturers are pressurized to 
follow them. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And in various parts of your businesses are there kind of areas where you’ve 
seen competition increasing or decreasing? Or is much more stable? How should 
one think about that across various business lines? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Sorry, come again, the question?  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
In terms of various business lines, water, for other -- construction, have you seen 
stable competition, increasing competition, last three to four years? Is there any 
impact of that on the gross margin that one should be aware of? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, competition is always there. India is a competitive market with so many 
Indian players. The advantage with KSB is that we are present in all segments. 
You must have seen in our presentation. We are there across all segments. And 
our competition sometimes are focused in some segments. That gives them -- 
that gives us a competition in particular segments, we have to face those things. 
But I guess over the last five, six years looking at our growth, we have gained 
market share in this business, where we were not present in many products, like 
split case pumps, open and pillar pumps for distilleries. Distilleries is a good 
scope. FGD pumps.  
 
So the market share would vary across sub segments and thing. But overall, as a 
pump manufacturer, I think we have moved up the ladder now in terms of total 
revenue. And that is a good sign that we are taking market share. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And all the internal measures that you highlighted, you're taking in terms of 
efficiency projects, and digitization et cetera, is there a way to quantify the kind 
of impact on the original cost savings that you will have over the next one and 
three years?  

 
 
 
 
              
20 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. We have our internal measurements on these things, for example, failure 
cost or cost of non-conformance. We had at one time 3% of sales, and today it 
has come down to 1.5%, and we're targeting to bring it down below 1%. These 
are things which we can measure and quantify. But there are other measures like 
process improvements on digitization, removing manual times and efficiencies. 
So plus internal rejections on casting. So all those things are happening. It would 
be difficult to quantify those things, but that we would quantify more on the lead 
times and on time deliveries, which we are achieving.  
 
So those are KPIs, we also measure our idle time, our general work time. So 
these KPIs are set in our plants, where we continuously monitor them and try to 
achieve our targets, whatever we decide.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And last question from my side in terms of NPCIL, you highlighted that there 
could be some rejections. So you supply the first pump, there could be some 
issues, so it's only restricted to the first pump, or is it like how should one think 
about that?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, it can happen. Human error, it can happen for even in second -- 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But the probability of that becomes less?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That's right. Even sometimes our workers are scared to touch that part. Because 
if there is a mistake, they feel they made a mistake, so we don’t penalize them. 
But it's something which is a very, it's something like you're treating a very high 
value item, seal housing, or something special material.  
 
But that advantage is that we give them the confidence and they're very 
experienced and skilled. This skill comes over years of work. And this is 
something which we pride in. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thanks so much. All the best.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, couple of questions from my side. Firstly is confirmation on FGD. You said 
that 150 [ph] pumps, the total order [indiscernible 01:04:04.5] are. I believe out 
of that 150 we already delivered. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, around 160 we have delivered.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
 So basically the next thing is would be like 50-50 every year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
More than 50, I would say. So what is happened is now since the government 
has delayed these projects and priority 1, priority 2, priority 3, there is a 
tendency from the customers to delay in lifting those pumps. So if you were to 
have our way we will give 100 pumps per year. But we are constrained by our 
customers themselves lifting those pumps. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. But it would be more than 50 at least in there. 
 

 
 
 
 
              
21 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Should be more. It would be more than -- we have a capacity of more than 100. 
And supply not only our internal capacity but our supply chain as well. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And second thing, as you said that 100 pumps like, 350 to 400 is the overall 
market. So like 100 pumps, so you have 70% market share. So have you won 
some more orders in the FGD? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, this year also, we have got -- it was shown in the presentation. I think we 
are continuously getting those orders still under discussion. And as I said, being 
a company which has localized this pump 95%, not only localized but the 
testing. Once you make the pump you need to have test facility as well. So that 
also we have invested. So this gives us an edge, competitive edge that you need -
- that the customer has no doubt about KSB that not only they will make the 
pump but also give the performance because the efficiencies are in the range of 
90%.  
 
And another thing I mentioned was the wear life. There are very strict or 
stringent conditions. You need to have wear life of, in some cases 24,000, in 
some cases of 14,000. It’s a very aggressive medium, this slurry. So all those 
conditions are there, performance guarantees. So that KSB is able to demonstrate 
and that gives us edge specifically for NTPC jobs. These get relaxed when there 
is non-NTPC. So we have been getting ready -- to answer your question we have 
been getting orders continuously. And so far we are maintaining our lead 
position there.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, one question to CFO sir. Sir what would be our total order inflow excluding 
the NPCIL order in this particular quarter and what would be the closing order 
book? 
 
Milind Khadilkar: 
We have clocked in almost INR1,000 crore worth of orders in the first half of the 
year. The carry forward as of today will be -- excluding the NPCIL order it will 
be roughly about INR1,300 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
INR1,300 crore you mean closing order book, right?  
 
Milind Khadilkar: 
Yes. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
One last one last question sir. Your other expenditure in this particular quarter 
has reduced. So is this a steady state from here on? Because I believe last 
quarter, there was some one-off INR30 crore you indicated some order for 
INR40 crore or INR30 crore order got executed which was a low margin order 
where you have a higher cost and all those things. So just wanted to understand 
this other expenditure from here on should reduce, like [indiscernible 
01:07:31.4?  
 
Milind Khadilkar: 
I think post-COVID expenditures will not reduce. Now everybody is we are 
travelling and we are back to normal life. COVID gave us that relief of doing 
virtually everything. It indirectly helped us to save a lot of cost. So if you ask me 
a very general question, I wouldn't say cost expenditure would reduce. We 

 
 
 
 
              
22 
 
would reduce expenditure by our operational efficiencies. And this business of 
ours is a mix of standard business and project business.  
 
The standard business, you can predict the margins, you know very well. The 
project is only -- those are monitored, but the real margin comes -- we know 
when we finish the execution of the job, till the complete supply has gone and 
the pumps are commissioned because of various factors. So in short, I would say 
yes, expenses wouldn't reduce. But we tried to as a percentage of sales, we tried 
to kind of optimize it and continuously improve the duration.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And in your engineered pump business, how much percentage of your business 
will be a fixed price contract? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Almost 100 -- except the nuclear order, all are with fixed price contract.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you sir.  
 
Jonas: 
Sir, wanted some understanding on the– 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Sir, just if you could introduce yourself.  
 
Jonas: 
Yeah. Hi, Jonas from Birla Venture Fund. Just wanted some understanding on 
the export opportunities. So while this year you have localized mechanical seals. 
If you can talk about certain product gaps that are still pending. And also, we've 
seen with many multinationals, which are sort of in a way diverting a lot of their 
factories that are in developed countries, back to India or elsewhere in Southeast 
Asia. Are there any such mandates on the anvil for India, in that sense? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So your question is basically regarding exports?  
 
Jonas: 
Yes, is there a target, like you said for services want to take it up to 25% of 
sales? We are at 17% in case of exports?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, I guess if you look at the past years, we were hovering around 13% to 
14% 15%. If you ask us a target, yes. 20% is something which we have kept as 
our internal target. Also considering that the fact as I mentioned earlier, that we 
grow in our domestic business also on a CAGR of 18%. So considering that if 
we maintain 20%, we feel it's a fair achievement. We have a lot of potentials to 
export. But one has to know that working in a global network and an MNC, 
where there are other manufacturing units, it's not free for us to export wherever 
we want. There are guidelines internally and there are markets, so that each plant 
is properly utilized, whether it is in China, whether it is in South Africa, Brazil, 
wherever. So all get equal opportunities. 
 
But with India plant, since we have almost seven manufacturing plants, 
including MIL, the opportunities are more, the opportunities are more. And the 
group is supporting us to give us opportunities and market accessibility wherever 
they see these opportunities.  
 

 
 
 
 
              
23 
 
Jonas: 
So sir, are export mandates from the parent are geographical-based or product-
based? So as in do you have like global feeder factories that India could become 
a feeder factory for a particular product, or it's just geography?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It's more of geographical, because of nearness to the country, delivery times are 
crucial. Logistics are easier. So I would say more of geographical but sometimes 
it is product based as well, then, let's say some come -- we don't make one 
product or somebody else doesn't make than the access is given. For example we 
make a product split case Gamma [ph 1:11:50] now we got a global market 
access. Because no other KSB company makes it. So in such cases it’s product-
based business. But primarily I would say for common products, it would be 
geographical-based region wise.  
 
Jonas: 
Thanks. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, just a standard extension to this that you answered on the split gamma that 
you have got a global mandate. Can you help us understand in the next three to 
five years which are such opportunities, where apart from the geographical 
mandate that comes from the parent, from a product side, what are we working 
with? And I remember that in the past, that was not the case and since you joined 
probably that has changed right where we are pushing to make India as a global 
hub. So what is the pipeline? How big can be the opportunity and I know that 
domestic businesses is growing, but do you think that given whatever is going 
on globally can export surprise us in terms of whatever our internal targets?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. This is true, how we try to be visible or competitive inside the group is to 
make products which others are not making yet. One is gamma I mentioned, 
second is a pulp and paper product KNCBP, the big sizes. So we are also the 
sole manufacturer of that. Then in petrochemical business API business, the BB3 
pumps, the BB2 pumps, we are taking the lead. That domestic market helps here 
because when we get the domestic orders, we have a reason to develop these 
pumps. And then we extend it to the global market. So yes, I think we are 
working on our internal strategy where we have products which we are only the 
ones making in the group. And that would increase our opportunities and 
possibilities.  
 
Having said that, having said that, I guess our colleagues or internal competitors 
in China, Germany, France, Brazil they also are as eager as us. So it's a good 
healthy internal competition.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah, one from my side, [Indiscernible 1:14:09]. Question was on the just help 
us understand the demand on the distillery side and solar pump site? Where are 
we today? And what is the opportunity we can see there?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, distillery is very, very encouraging opportunity. You saw that the Prime 
Minister's goal of 20% blending of ethanol and 10% already achieved. And this 
has given a spurt in the investment in distillery. I've seen so much activities and 
our plant in IPD, the oldest plant which was -- we transferred the products from 

 
 
 
 
              
24 
 
IPD to different plants, suddenly has become the most active plant, in spite of 
the products going out. That plant used to deliver INR120 crores to INR130 
crores, and this year, we're targeting INR300 crores. And one of the reasons is 
distillery. We have a good range of pumps, when it becomes to open impeller, 
and all those applications, so that is our strength.  
 
So distillery is huge again opportunity, and we will get a good share out of it. 
And it should continue in the next two or three years. There's capacity being 
built by a lot of players. 
 
The second you asked was solar. Yeah, solar is something which is very exciting 
for us. We are scouting for a partner. We are scouting to develop also ourself 
organically. But we have decided to go into this market as an integrator, not 
really as a pump supplier. So as I see the activities in Kusum Yojana, all are now 
getting momentum. So if we are successful in finding the right partner, maybe it 
could give us good returns in the short term.  
 
Otherwise, organically, we are already gearing ourselves up to participate in this 
business.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Follow-up question. So on the distillery field, can you help me understand if 
INR100 crore is the overall CapEx for the distillery, what would be the pump 
requirements of that sector. The solar piece, is it contributing meaningfully to 
our current revenues? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Percentage of pumps in CapEx, normally would be we say, anywhere between 
3% to 4%. I'm giving a very general answer. So don't hold me for that. 
 
And on the second question was on the solar. Yeah, solar today is contributing 
only for the pumps. Obviously we are supplying to the integrators, so we 
targeted almost INR30 crores, INR40 crores this year. And we are on track, but 
this is mainly to supply of pumps with motors, nothing more, and in some cases 
with controllers, but not more. We as I said if we can qualify to become an 
integrator, we get the right partner that this business would increase multi-fold. 
 
Charanjit Singh: 
Hello, sir. This is Charanjit from DSP Mutual Fund. Sir, first question is 
regarding the standard pumps. So in our earlier discussions, we had talked about 
increasing our cost competitiveness on the standard pumps, bringing in more 
automation. Sir, we have to do a comparison in terms of our costing versus some 
of the smaller anomalies plus in the standard pump side. How's that standing 
right now, in terms of what are the initiatives we have taken in the automation 
side? That's my first question on the standard pumps. 
 
And this market as of standard pumps, at what rate it is growing? If you can 
highlight the size of the market and the growth rate, that's my first question. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, standardized products for water segments the borehole pumps, the industry 
pumps we make in our Sinnar plant. And of course, automation is definitely one 
of the key areas where we are trying to improve. 
 

 
 
 
 
              
25 
 
On cost reduction, you see -- I mentioned about the failure cost that by various 
measures in terms of improving our process, it's a general word process 
improvement, but there are many, many activities behind it, starting from 
supplier audit, supplier -- so starting from getting machined castings and not 
doing machining in-house, improving the standardization to improve the 
minimum quality levels and so that your rejections become less. And of course 
other measures, are -- one of the other measures is we doing for the low value 
products we are doing is contract manufacturing. That means we don't need 
make things in-house because we may be too expensive for that. We have our 
partners, sub-suppliers who do the manufacturing for us under our quality norms 
and under our supervision. And they can do it may be much more at a 
competitive cost than us, and only then we only play the supervision role in 
maintaining that quality and the upgrade. So these are some measures which we 
are doing.  
 
On the automation front, there are a lot of measures. I mean, if I count them, we 
set up an automated line for submersible. 6-inch pump. Like all of these -- it's an 
automated line where all the operations, which were done by different groups 
now are done on one process line. And means there are sort of -- there's a long 
list of these things. And ultimately it helps us to increase our output and reduce 
our failure costs. So the same Sinnar plant which at one time was doing INR300 
crores, INR350 crores today is targeting INR600 crores and with the fixed costs 
being same.  
 
And I guess one of our key success factors has been the fixed costs going down 
as a percentage of sales. And that is all reflected by increasing our internal 
efficiencies and output. 
 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir, what rate the standard pumps market is growing, and what will be the size of 
this market? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Standard pump market is a very generic term in terms of segments, so what all 
segments, the industry segments? I would say that the growth would be 
anywhere between 7%, 8% if I would be quantifying that. It is low in some sub-
segments, it is high in other segments. If you count distillery as a standard 
market, it is growing aggressive. If you count let's say domestic pump segment 
market, it could be 7%, 8%. So it varies across but on an average if I were to put 
a figure it would be in that range around 7% to 8%? 
 
Charanjit Singh: 
While you have talked about FGD and NPCIL, but on the industrial side, steel, 
cement and some of these core sectors, there has been some discussion in terms 
of projects picking up. Any feedback in terms of how the outlook is looking on 
some of these core industrial sectors.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, good that you mentioned that, because see one of our top 10 customers you 
must have seen OEMs, OEMs like Thermax, ISGEC Krupp, ThyssenKrupp, 
these are our major OEM customers. And the investments in steel, cement, sugar 
are reflected in their order book position. If you see Thermax today also, if you 
read their results, they're also having a very healthy order intake growth. Same is 

 
 
 
 
              
26 
 
for Krupp. They're setting due to the infrastructure projects, and all these 
segments, which you mentioned.  
 
So once our customers -- these OEMs have this other situation, it reflects a very 
good and a positive and healthy future for us for the next six months or one year.  
 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir just lastly, on the pricing side, we have seen various industries talking about 
price hike there, which they have taken. So if you can quantify what's the kind of 
price hike which would have taken on the standard pump side. And are you also 
deliberating on further increase in the pricing? And how our pricing gap versus 
the unorganized players, you know, post this kind of hikes which we have taken. 
That's all from my side? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
As again, it's not easy to put one figure across the price increase. But if you ask 
again are very approximate, I would say, in the last six months to one year, the 
price increase has been on an average almost 10%, which we have passed on to 
the customer through the cost price has been much higher. It has been more than 
15% on an average. But we have passed on at least 10%. And I don't think so we 
will do that in the future because now we see good stability and also some 
commodities coming down.  
 
So I don't see in the near future we are doing -- going to increase any price. And 
what was your next question? 
 
Charanjit Singh: 
The gap between the unorganized and the organized? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That is a valid question. I think this this whole scenario has widened the gap. But 
ultimately, we don't -- if we start looking at unorganic sector, then we go away 
from our vision and the value which we bring to the customer. So in the long 
run, I think that will not matter. It's the customers who would want to go to an 
organic or inorganic, I think they will still go. And we will not run after them. 
Our focus is to stay with customers who believe in a lifecycle costs and the right 
quality of the products. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. Sir, just if I can ask one last question. In Aqua Series which you have 
mentioned, so is it like we getting into these normal pumps or like Crompton V-
Guard extra where currently we are not having --- we’re currently higher price. 
So with these pumps, do you want to put a lower price segment and get into that 
market especially you're launching only for TN and Kerala market? So what's 
the strategical thought? And what's the current market share and where do you 
want to take this market share.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So yes, this is a huge market, domestic market. When I came to India, I could 
not believe that such a huge market exits for domestic market. We always felt 
that we have good presence in the pump market. But this domestic market 
maybe INR3,000 crores or more. And we were hardly present in this market. So 
we started our entry into this market bringing out products. What we realized is 
that this market needs a very huge basket of products. And that is what we are 
continuously doing. Not only products, we make it also colorful. You'll see that 
it's not the -- it's not only the boring blue, sometimes it's also sporty and smarty.  

 
 
 
 
              
27 
 
 
So we are getting into that consumer side of this business as well. And the idea 
to bring this product is bringing a choice of products to the customer. We see 
that the customer is very choosy. Some need this feature, some need that feature 
and it's all about features inside a pump, whether it is the weight, whether it is 
the size, whether it is the color, whether it is -- many factors, and we try to reach 
to all those customers with this range. And since we don't manufacture it 
ourselves, we don't increase the complexity inside. It's only managing the 
complexity outside externally with the customer.  
 
So yes, our share in this market is low, we know that. And we -- by bringing out 
these products we intend to grow in this market also in our next three to five 
years. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
You have pricing perspective, because these are mostly aluminum. And so are 
we trying to play that pricing in similar to our competition and -- 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. We will not be the cheapest in the market, but we will benchmark the top 
market share players in this market and make our pricing strategy in-line with 
that. Because this is a me-too product. This is -- it’s nothing very something that 
you can sell on very high technical features. The customers are consumers who 
will look for cost optimization also. So definitely pricing strategy will be in-line 
with the top three players in this market.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And will we launch it further into other markets currently or are we targeting --? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, we are doing that. If you see last week, we had a dealers meet in 
Chandigarh which we launched these products. So we are going to launch this 
pan-India in a step by step way. The demand is so high we don't want to launch 
it and then face in our deliveries. So we are doing it step by step way.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
What's the targeted market share strategically if you can--? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Too early to say I would say. Because very low in this segment. WE will have a 
market share less than 5%. So I feel we need to improve our product basket and 
our dealer network. And then we can go in this market more aggressively and be 
a visible player. So I wouldn't want to give something which we are not fully 
ready yet, but it's on the way. It's something which is in our attention. And as I 
mentioned, contract manufacturing, this is one of the products which we are 
using that strategy also. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And in the agri pump also, it's a similar scenario for us. So can we expect 
something similar to this in agri? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Agri, we are traditionally very strong or I wouldn't say strong, but very well 
known, and strong in some markets like north market. So agri is a more technical 
product sometimes like 6-inch, 8-inch pumps. So there we are bringing in 
additional variants in the product. We are improving product quality further. So I 
would say that in agri, we have a complete basket, comprehensive basket.  
 

 
 
 
 
              
28 
 
Now, what we are focusing on in agri is five-star rating, this is a four-star and 
five-star rating. If you see, go to the website, you will see maximum KSB -- 
KSB is the highest number of four-star five-star. So we are on that process to 
bring in a very high energy efficient agri pumps, and then drive this in the 
market with our efficient products. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And sir, lastly, Shirwal, we had this INR400 crore of thermal-related CapEx. 
And we had told that this some portion of that will be used for nuclear. So now 
you're telling that you're putting INR200 crore addition to that, so is it a total 
INR600 crore for nuclear, is that how we understand that?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, no. Shirwal was originally INR250 crores. That was our original plan. Out 
of that, we almost have spent almost all of it. And I mentioned INR200 crores 
nuclear. It's not easy to classify under nuclear as such, because it's common for 
the facilities also. But we have spent more than almost INR250 crores we have 
utilized. And what you saw now is additional, we are investing in machines 
there, for replacement of those machines. And we have bought some additional 
land for future expansion also. So it's a continuous thing, as the business grows 
the investments will increase and with other success rate, those investments will 
follow.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So it's kind of INR400 crore to INR450 crore total investment in that facility? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Not INR400 crore to INR450 crore, it's INR250 crore. And we are planning to 
do further, a further INR200 crore. Yeah, it could be INR200 crore, if we get all 
the order, definitely it will be INR200 crore. But we go in a step by step way, 
depending on the business scenario. But as I said, there is no limit to investment, 
whatever is required case we will do. And we don't put a figure yet, because it 
depends on how the market dynamics change and what business gets priority.  
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
We'll take last question. 
 
Unidentified Analyst 
This Himachal facility, in Himachal you had this plan of this ramping up your 
services last two calls you were telling. You’re planning to add -- there you're 
seeing huge service opportunities. So is that really planning in the execution 
phase? Is that happening?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It has already happened. Himachal we supplied multistage pumps because of the 
heavy terrain. We have a good installed base and we set up a service station in 
Bandi. And the service station is already full. So it's a small step in our service 
business. So that's how we are targeting the installed base in Himachal. 
 
Unidentified Analyst 
Just last question. Order book we mentioned INR1,300 crores. So if I exclude 
NPCIL, that's INR800 crore. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So excluding NPCIL we are having an orders on hand of almost INR1,200 crore 
to INR1,300 crore, and additionally INR1,000 crore of NPCIL. So more than 
INR2,000 crores is our order book.  
 
Unidentified Analyst 
Sir correct me if I'm wrong, was it INR900 crores last quarter?  

 
 
 
 
              
29 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, we have got a very good quarter order intake. The first quarter was also 
good and the second quarter is also good. And as mentioned earlier, INR1,000 
crore is already our order booking for the first six months and July month also 
has been quite good.  
 
Unidentified Analyst 
And expected execution cycle for this? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Execution cycle depends on the type of project business, it is normally 8 to 10 
months. In standard business, it's three to four months.  
 
Unidentified Analyst 
But this INR1,200 crore INR1,300 crores is only engineered. This does not 
include standard pumps? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It's a mix of engineered and standard pumps, mainly engineered pumps. More 
share of engineered pumps, but as I mentioned this distillery business, these are 
good order intakes. So those we get -- if we get an order, it is a big project. One 
project could be INR50 crores with 700, 800 pumps. So it's a mix of that. But 
yes, majorly it would be engineered pumps.  
 
Unidentified Analyst 
Sir, just one last question. Sir in case of solar pumps, we mentioned that we were 
looking for a partner and an integrator. And we also mentioned that we are only 
manufacturing some parts. So if you could just give a perspective let's say, how 
different we are from Shakti Pumps in the way they are doing their solar pump 
business and how we are approaching it? Just very confused on how -- 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Shakti Pumps is far ahead. They have a good market share almost 40% 50% in 
this segment. So I wouldn't compare ourselves with Shakti today. We are at a 
stage, where we are only supplying our pumps and our motors, AC, DC and in 
some cases controllers to the integrators. Shakti manufacturers or has 
collaborations with all the suppliers and they act as an integrator since long. So 
we are not yet there. We are only playing in a market where we supply the 
pumps to the integrator.  
 
Unidentified Analyst 
So basically we don't take the [Indiscernible 1:35:41] risk of tenders is it? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, we don't qualify for tender yet, because the tender asks you for a 
provenness as an integrator. So, this is what we are working on to have a 
consortium or partner with whom we can participate and get the references and 
then start making more things internally or have again a strategic partnership 
with somebody who makes controller or other things.  
 
Unidentified Analyst 
Sir, this is only because we don't want to take working capital risk, is that is how 
we are playing in this solar pump?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, because hurdle for this market is to qualify as an integrator. This is the 
bottleneck. We are not yet qualified as an integrator on the state governments' 
tender conditions. So till that time till we get qualified, we are working on to 
supply pumps to these integrators.  
 

 
 
 
 
              
30 
 
Milind Khadilkar: 
But our pumps are eminently qualified. 
 
Unidentified Analyst 
Thanks a lot.  
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
So we arrive at the conclusion of today's event. We thank management for 
giving us opportunity to host such a wonderful and patiently listening our 
queries and answering them. We also thank audience who made this event very 
successful. Thank you.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you, Ashwani.  
 
Milind Khadilkar: 
Thank you.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. I hope we could answer your questions. 
 
