 
Page 1 of 12 
 
       
Pokarna Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 17, 2022 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Pokarna Limited Q1 FY 
'23 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
 
Gavin Desa 
Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q1 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Gautam Chand 
Jain, Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Paras Kumar Jain, Chief 
Executive Officer, Pokarna Engineered Stone Limited. 
 
 
I trust most of you have gone through the communication and the results mailed 
to you earlier. In the interest of time, we would like to commence with Q&A 
immediately. 
 
 
So, I'd like to hand over to the moderator, Mike, to open the floor for Q&A. Over 
to you, Mike. 
 
 
Moderator 
The first question from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. 
 
Dixit Doshi 
My first question is regarding this recently, U.S. commerce came out with the 
preliminary duty notification in July. So, if you can elaborate on that. So now we 
don't have to pay anything. And in that notification, the competitors were levied 
166%. So, is it the final, now the competitors are paying this much duties or final 
outcome will come in November or December? 
 
Paras Jain 
The Department of Commerce preliminarily announced the antidumping duty for 
Pokarna to be 0%. And this is subject to the final outcome, which is expected to 
happen anytime between end of October and December. So, the duties are still 
not final and subject to the final outcome by the DOC. So currently, our products 
are subject to 2.67% as the cash deposits in which 0.33% is the antidumping 
and 2.34% is the countervailing duty.  
 
Dixit Doshi 
Okay. And what about the competitors? So, from July to, let's say, by the time 
the final outcome come in December, how the competitors will have to pay? 
Paras Jain 
See basically, the duties are paid by the importer of record. So, it is not 
necessarily the supplier who pays it. It can also be the buyer who is going to pay 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
it. So, while the preliminary duties have been announced, they have not yet 
come in force. They will come into force only after the final duties have been 
announced and implemented. 
 
Dixit Doshi 
Okay. Now my second question is regarding the demand outlook. So, we had a 
very good quarter Q1, so how do you see the order booking for next two, three 
quarters and demand scenario in the U.S? 
 
Paras Jain 
See, I think with the pandemic-related demand getting relatively behind and with 
the talks of recession and other challenges coming, so we don't see a bleak 
quarter, but at the same time, we are very cautious about the future. So, at the 
moment, we are very cautious as to how the demand will pan out. I think it will 
take at least a couple of quarters to see how the demand is panning out. It's too 
early to comment now. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Sonaal KohIi from Bowhead. 
 
Sonaal Kohli 
I have two queries, firstly, assuming the antidumping duty goes through for the 
competitors, what kind of market share gains or strategy gains you could see if 
any? And secondly, as far as the freight rates are concerned and the resin 
prices, et cetera, are concerned When would you see the benefit of lower freight 
prices and raw material prices for you? Third, you may allow, what are the levers 
available to you to be able to sell whatever production you do over the next one, 
one and a half years once everything stabilizes even if U.S. demand is a bit 
weak considering our market share? 
 
Paras Jain 
Okay. So, coming to your first question as to what will Pokarna benefit from the 
spillover of demand arising out of the antidumping duties on certain participants 
out of India. See basically, unless there is a complete clarity on as to how this is 
going, it's difficult to comment. So, I think we'll be able to talk much about it only 
once the final duties come through because there are, different price bracket at 
which the competition operates. And those price bracket may not fully be 
lucrative to us. 
 
 
So, we'll have to see how we use that platform to leverage. So, I think probably 
when we speak, maybe in the third quarter or maybe at the end of the calendar 
year, we'll have more clarity as to whether the spillover will benefit us or not. 
 
 
Now coming to the raw material prices, the raw material prices have recently 
started not all the prices, raw material prices, but more specifically, the resin 
prices seems to be now tapering down. So, we think that the entire benefit of 
that would probably come in the third quarter when we see that the price could 
stabilize. I think we'll have to wait till the third quarter for us to see the benefit of 
the resin prices getting stabilized. 
 
Moderator                       
We have the next question from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital 
Advisors. 
 
V.P. Rajesh 
Okay. If you can just comment on the capacity utilization in the June quarter? 
And then secondly, what is our debt number at the end of June, how much debt 
have we paid down? 
 
Paras Jain 
So capacity utilization in Q1 has been better than the Q4 of last financial year. 
While the product mix continues to be what it was, but slightly there has been 
an improvement in the capacity utilization. We believe that as we progress and 
once we have more clarity on the demand outlook for arising out of the economic 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
indicators or from the DOC, we'll be able to ramp up the capacity. We have a 
little cushion in the capacity to go up further. That answers your first question 
typically. Now on the debt side, you're looking at the term loan side or working 
capital? 
 
V.P. Rajesh 
Total debt, I think you had indicated last time that you'll pay down Rs.100 crore 
in this year. So, I was just wondering if that process started in this June quarter. 
 
Gautam Chand Jain 
So the consolidated debt is Rs.516 crore, which includes Granite and also the 
Quartz divisions. 
 
Paras Jain 
Including both the term loan and the working capital. 
 
V.P. Rajesh 
Okay. And just a quick question on the capacity utilization. Last time, you gave 
the numbers. So, if you can just share the numbers, if that's possible? 
 
Paras Jain 
I can only say that capacity utilization has improved than the past. So, I think if 
you could excuse me on the numbers. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Vikram Sharma from Niveshaay 
Investment Advisors. 
 
Vikram Sharma 
So I had a query related to what was the product mix in the current quarter, basic 
product and premium products? And what is our outlook on generalized EBITDA 
margin going ahead? 
 
Paras Jain 
See, basically the product mix in this quarter was relatively better than what we 
had in the fourth quarter but it is still not at the level where we want it to be. So, 
it's going to take some time for the product mix to stabilize. And that's again 
correlated with the demand scenario. So that answers your first question. 
Coming to the second question on the EBITDA margin. See, basically, our target 
at the moment is to come to an EBITDA level of 30%. And once we have a little 
stabilization at the resin cost, we believe that, that number is possible to achieve. 
 
Vikram Sharma 
And, what is the demand outlook in U.S. market? Is there any challenge in order 
book? 
 
Paras Jain 
So I just answered at the beginning of this call that we are closely watching the 
demand scenario in both kitchen and bath industry in the U.S. with the talk of 
recessions and that's another economic indicator not being so lucrative for any 
other business as well. So I think we'll give a better clarity on the demand outlook 
probably in the third quarter because that will give us a lot more indicators as to 
how things are panning out, how the inventory position is in the U.S. and how 
the US Department of Commerce investigation actually spills over some 
demand. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investment Managers. 
 
Pritesh Chheda 
Sir, I missed your comment on when will you start seeing benefit of resin and 
freight cost prices lower? And what is your debt repayment scheduled for current 
year and next year? 
 
Paras Jain 
Okay. So resin prices are cooling down, we think that the benefit will start coming 
in from the third quarter completely because there are certain contracts, which 
have extended pricing for the raw material. And the freight cost has come down, 

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
but it has still not come down significantly. And so, I think more than the shipping 
costs, we are more eager to look at the benefits from the resin price stabilization. 
 
Gautam Chand Jain 
Regarding the debt payments, we have a schedule from the banks and debt will 
start falling more from next year. But this year, maybe we'll pay about Rs.10 
crore to Rs.15 crore what is due to pay during this year, financial year. 
 
Pritesh Chheda 
Okay. And how much of our material is FOB? 
 
Paras Jain 
The large component of our business is FOB. 
 
Pritesh Chheda 
Okay. Large component is FOB. Okay. And have you firmed up on any 
expansion plan? 
 
Paras Jain 
As a business, we keep looking at the opportunities as they keep coming. So, 
while they have not firmed up any business plan for expansion at the moment, 
but we keep looking at the options. And I think when we believe that it requires 
a serious consideration, we'll take it for the appropriate approvals internally and 
then inform the exchanges. 
 
Pritesh Chheda 
Any movement in Quartz price? 
 
 
Paras Jain 
Basically, as the trend with the raw materials has always been at least in the 
recent past on the higher side. So, there is a little firm up on the pricing because 
of general increase in the cost of doing business. 
 
Pritesh Chheda 
Okay. And lastly, you were targeting 100% utilization by year-end? Will you be 
able to achieve it? 
 
Paras Jain 
See I don't know if we ever said 100%. We always believe that optimum capacity 
is about 85%. So, if the demand scenario continues to be positive, I think 85% 
is achievable. 
 
Pritesh Chheda 
That's Rs.900 crore to Rs.1,000 crore revenue, right? 
 
Paras Jain 
I'll let you do that mathematics. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Intelsense 
Capital. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya 
Okay. Sir, at the end of Q4, I think our finished goods inventory position was 
Rs.85 crore, Rs.86 crore. What would that position be by end of Q1? 
 
Paras Jain 
So there is a little change from Rs. 85 crore, it is about Rs. 81 crore. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya 
Yes. Is there a one-off in this quarter? I mean that -- is that shipping lines got 
better and some inventory in the channel got cleared. Is there a one-off in Q1 
number? 
 
Gautam Chand Jain 
Are you talking about the consolidated inventory of Granite and Quartz? 
 
Rupesh Tatiya 
Yes, yes, sir. That's consolidated levels, yes. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya 
Okay. So, there is no one-off, right, in the Q1 number that inventory in China got 
consumed, there is no one-off? 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
Paras Jain 
No. See, basically, as per the policies, what we have in place with regard to the 
inventory valuation, we consistently use those policies. So we have not reported 
any exceptional item there. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya 
No, In terms of sales, I was asking, sir. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya 
Sir, was there inventory in that channel. Generally, let's say, we consume maybe 
x inventory in channel every quarter? Was it that 10%, 20% of inventory in 
channel got cleared and got sold to consumer and now it is being shown as 
revenue? That is the question. 
 
Paras Jain 
See basically, we don't do that type of accounting. Our accounting is typically 
when the risks and rewards are transferred. That is predominantly when the 
goods are delivered at the port. So, we don't account for based on the sales, 
which our consumers do. So, there's no consignment sales from our side. So, 
whatever we have recorded is when the risk and reward are transferred when 
the container is delivered at the port. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya 
Okay. Okay. And my second question, sir, is it has Hyderabad unit reached the 
EBITDA margin level of Vizag unit? 
 
Paras Jain 
Not yet. It will take some time because the product mix has still not reached to 
the level of Vizag. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya 
Okay. And what is the contribution of the newer products because there is newer 
capability? 
 
Paras Jain 
As we have maintained in the past also that currently, the products with higher 
capabilities have still not been commercialized in Hyderabad plant because it 
takes certain time for products to be developed, people to be trained and 
products to marketed. So, we are still not seeing the products from the 
investments, which we have made in Unit 2. So, I think another couple of 
quarters by the time we start developing those products, and of course, we have 
developed and we have now started marketing it. So, it will take at least a couple 
of quarters for the products to get acceptance and the manufacturing to start. 
 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Mr. Sachin Kasera from Svan 
Investments. 
 
Sachin Kasera 
Just wanted to get, check, if you can give us some update on how is the 
domestic business shaping up? 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. So domestic business is growing for us. But of course, as a part of our 
entire portfolio, it is still a very small number. But the year-on-year growth is 
promising, and we've been able to add about 100-plus dealers across India now. 
So our product is available for display and consumers can walk in, touch and 
feel the product and can also order via our dealer channel. So, I think it will take 
some time to become a sizable component in the business. But I think the 
demand and the channel development exercise what we are doing here looks 
very promising to us in the long term. 
 
Sachin Kasera 
So sir, just a follow-up on this. So one is that, when we can expect some good 
numbers from this? Secondly, what is the type of feedback you are getting from 
consumers? And are we also starting to look at the project side of this business? 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. So, see basically, for this business to reach a sizable critical mass, I think 
it should at least take three to five years because we are not doing a B2B type 
of approach in the local market. It's B2C in India with such a wide depth of the 
country. It's difficult to reach out to every nook and corner. So today, we are in 
Dehradun, and we are also available in Kochi. So that shows that we are now 
looking at going across the platform. But then still, there is a little regional 
concentration of what we have in our network. So now we are focused on 
basically “Kona-Kona Quantra” we are looking at. So, once we are able to be 
there, then the demand cycle typically will become as it is in the retail side in the 
U.S. business. Now what was your second question, sorry? 
 
Sachin Kasera 
One was the response and feedback from the customers who have bought it? 
And secondly, are we looking also at the project side of this. 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. So, we've done a project already in Hyderabad with a very large 
multinational bank out of U.S., and we supplied to their South Asia's technology 
headquarter. We supplied the product there. And then we are also doing -- there 
are other headquarters coming up in other parts of our country. Apart from that, 
we're also doing some other commercial projects also. So, we've got into both 
the retail side of it and also institutional side of it. 
 
Sachin Kasera 
And can you comment, I think on the feedback you got from the -- on the retail 
side from the customers in terms of what is the feedback and what type of views 
we are getting in? What is the feedback, what we need to make? 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. So basically, this is a unique business model. There's no other company in 
the country today, which gives you a 360 degree of solution where we come for 
the initial measurement to finally installing the product and doing everything in 
between. So, this is a very unique experience, which only currently the 
consumers in U.S. and Europe have it. So, this is a unique business model and 
consumers are quite happy because they don't have any hassles of actually 
waiting for people to come, arrive and then do the fabrication on site creating 
pollution, noise and everything associated with that. So there has been repeat 
demand. 
 
 
And the fact that we are getting the references from our dealer channel, that's 
what is expanding our network. So, when we tie up with a particular kitchen retail 
chain, they are referring us to the other constituents of their business in the other 
parts of the country. So that is where the feedback is actually coming. And also, 
on Google reviews, you can look at it, you'll find hundreds of reviews there from 
the consumers directly. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Pratik Singhania from SageOne 
Investment managers. 
 
Pratik Singhania 
Sir, my question is with regards to this proposed duty to the competition or the 
players in India. So, sir, what is this proposal it stays from and they give on the 
final duty, then what implication do you see on the entire Quartz import from 
U.S. terms? And how will we benefit out of that? This is question one. And 
question two is, similar to Indian companies, is there been any proposed duty 
on any other players in other countries? And is there any player who is using 
Breton technology? And has this proposed antidumping duty on to them? 
 
Paras Jain 
Okay. Now coming to your question. See, basically, this duty would become final 
somewhere between October to December '22. That's been under the statute 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
DOCs under an obligation to announce the duties. So, it would be possible to 
comment about the impact on Pokarna because of the duties, I would rather say 
the positive impact on Pokarna if any arising out of these duties can only be 
provided once the final duties are out. 
 
 
And what happens to the rest of the constituents, so see basically, there are 
about 51 companies who may be impacted because of this. That does not 
include Pokarna. So, for them, there is a group of company which will be subject 
to 323%, and then the rest would be subjected to about 161.5%. So, if that 
becomes the final norm, then the 51 companies typically will get impacted to 
that extent. So, any product getting out of those companies into the U.S. will be 
subject to the duty to what I mentioned. And there are companies who are not 
impacted because of this, and they will continue to be on the previous rate, which 
is about 3%. 
 
 
So, while there will be a group which will be getting impacted, and there will be 
probably a group which may not be as severely as impacted as this group of 51 
companies would be. Now coming to your second question has the similar duty 
has come on any other product, yes. So, Turkey was also part of investigation 
like we were. And they also have a relatively similar numbers like our initial 
numbers, not like 161% and 323% numbers. 
 
Pratik Singhania 
But any player with Breton technology in Turkey would have received like 
higher... 
 
Paras Jain 
There is a player in the Turkey, a Breton player who has received a number, but 
that's not as high as 161% or 323% what you see. 
 
Pratik Singhania 
How much that would be, sir, approximately? 
 
Paras Jain 
That would be less than 5%. 
 
Pratik Singhania 
Okay. And this is just a procedural to become a final duty or there is a possibility 
of them rolling back these proposed candidates? 
 
Paras Jain 
Basically, I would be doing a crystal gazing if I say this or that. But what I can 
tell you is that there is a statute under which the Department of Commerce is 
expected to evaluate all the submissions. So, the case briefs are due to be filed 
this week. And then there will be some rebuttals on it, and then there will 
probably a hearing as well. So, based on the case and the final hearing, which 
will be conducted. The DOC will decide whether it's going to amend its position 
or it's going to stay with what position it took in the preliminary. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Devesh Neodia from Devesh Neodia 
SNPL. 
 
Devesh Neodia 
Just wanted to understand, what is, our strategy to scale up the premium Quartz 
in USA. I mean, the initiatives that you are taking to increase, let's say, if you 
can just give some data points like number of salespeople you have ramped up 
the distributor expansion that is going there. 
 
 
The price differential, which is there in premium Quartz with the players who are 
selling the premium Quartz. So, if you can just give a perspective because now, 
we have to actually sell double the volumes to ramp up the new capacity in 
premium Quartz. So just some perspective you can give on these three, four 
points. That would be really helpful. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. See basically, the product mix, as we have maintained that the technology 
requires a lot of training for us to develop a product which we can differentiate 
in the market and then get a price which we believe is reasonable for the product. 
And this is fairly a long exercise, and because there are certain cycles within 
which the product has to be ready and sent to the market so that the overall 
sales cycle can be accommodated because it's not possible to immediately 
launch and the product and trade will not be ready to accept it because there 
are certain months or quarters during which typically the new product launches 
happen. 
 
 
So, if we are able to develop a product during that phase, the chances of the 
product getting properly marketed and the success rate percentages could be 
relatively higher.  
 
 
And then we don't actually determine the prices for resale in the U.S. market.  
 
Devesh Neodia 
Actually, my question for price differential was, let's say, when you're selling to 
the distributor and then the distributor who sell the product at the retail level. The 
price for these premium products that we are selling to distributors, it's 
differential versus the competitors who are selling. I mean, since we are 
competing with different players. So, we might have some perspective of, let's 
say, our player in U.S. at what price they are selling for the similar premium 
product that we are making or let's say, a player from, let's say, Turkey, what 
price differential we have. So, in that, where do you think in the price band where 
we stand and our competitor? 
 
Paras Jain 
See basically, we believe that consumers don't buy a product, they buy typically 
a brand. So, in the brand, what happens is that there are certain brands who are 
actually able to sell the same basic product, probably at 100% more than what 
others would be doing. It can probably sell an expensive product, 200% more 
than what the others would be selling in. So, the range is very, very wide. And 
especially since it is a brand-driven proposition, the brand equity associated with 
the product typically derive those additional percentages of what I spoke about. 
 
Devesh Neodia 
Okay. Okay. And if you could just elaborate on the kind of scale of premium 
Quartz in U.S.A. So, we know the Quartz opportunity side will let you only for 
the premium category of Quartz, what would be the scale, which is there in U.S.? 
 
Paras Jain 
See this is an exercise which is difficult to predict with some scientific analysis. 
But I think if you look at the overall portfolio, about 20% is where the premium 
lies and about 80% is where you have the basic to mid-level products coming 
in. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Anant Jain, an Individual Investor. 
 
Anant Jain 
Have you seen a heightened number of inquiries after these duties have been 
announced, although they are preliminary, but have you seen many more 
inquiries after these duties have been announced? 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. I think the trade is a little cautious because things are not final. So, I think 
the level of activity would only arise after some announcement comes between 
October to December. 
 
Anant Jain 
My second question is that is the capacity utilization, the current capacity 
utilization, is that like that not being optimum, is that a function of demand? Or 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
is that a function of some issues that our end in terms of freight or the plant 
stabilization or these kinds of things? 
 
Paras Jain 
It is a mix of both, basically. 
 
Anant Jain 
If you could elaborate a little more on this, like why would you say that it's a mix 
of both? I mean you see demand also? 
 
Paras Jain 
See, what happens is that for us to be able to service all the needs of our 
customers completely at the basic level would be a little challenging because 
once we add a customer, it's very difficult to phase out them over a period of 
time or give them the products which we want to substitute for maybe it will 
replace some five products with of basic ends, with the higher end. 
 
 
So, to that extent, it is basically our side of it, like we don't want to take the entire 
portfolio that is available. That is one side of it. And second side of it with this 
recession and demand tapering things looking down. I think, with the year-end 
approaching probably the customers are also a little cautious about building up 
things. 
 
 Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial. 
 
Dixit Doshi 
My first question is regarding what you mentioned that there is a price realization 
difference of almost 100% to 200% if the consumer has a good perception about 
the brand. So, what are we doing for creating our brand in the U.S. and any 
annual budget we have? 
 
Paras Jain 
See basically, we are currently a B2B organization, but we are also building up 
B2C organization. And that we started with India per se, currently. So, while we 
go to the U.S., we typically focus on servicing the big boys of the industry largely. 
Of course, we do have certain pockets where our distributors operate and sell 
the product under the brand name Quantra. So, the different ways we approach 
on the branding side is that one is that we participate in trade shows where we 
display a product and where we invite all our customers and their customers to 
come and see our product experience it lives. 
 
 
And secondly, we also give certain marketing budgets to our Quantra brand 
partners, which they can utilize in their local markets to market, be it advertising 
in the local magazines or doing all the other point of sale related marketing 
activities, which can be done in that particular regional market. 
 
 
Apart from that, we've started the digital marketing initiatives. You can follow us 
on Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn. And you can see that we are regularly active 
on the platform, promoting the product, the projects we've done and all the 
exciting news which we have to share with our trade. So digital marketing is one 
route. The trade and exhibition are one route, then being on the online portals 
is something which we are doing and then our partners do the regional 
marketing. 
 
Dixit Doshi 
Okay. And my second question is regarding the margins. So, you mentioned 
that the resin prices have started coming down. So, from the peak, how much it 
has come down? And if we see other than the last two quarters, we used to 
make 30%, 33% EBIT margin on the segment result. So, can we come back to 
those margins, let's say, by Q3, Q4? 
 

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Paras Jain 
Basically, margins is again a function of the raw material prices, what we spoke 
about during this conference call and also the product mix. So, if the raw material 
side is taken care with the resin prices becoming relatively better than what they 
were in the past. 
 
 
And if there is an improvement in the product portfolio, what we are expecting 
will happen in next couple of quarters then yes, 30% plus can come. Whether it 
will be 35% or 40%, what we enjoyed at some point of time, I think I can only 
comment as we go closer to that. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Tandon from Bowhead 
India. 
 
Abhishek Tandon 
Sir, considering our market share in the U.S.A., which approximately comes out 
to be just around 1%. So, considering there is a slowdown in demand to some 
extent, how much confident are we for utilizing our capacity at optimum level or, 
let's say, at the level that we are currently utilizing it? 
 
Paras Jain 
See, as you see the demand scenario, it's not possible to completely predict 
how the things will pan out. But if the things stand as they are today, then I think 
the numbers can be range bound. But if there is a little slowdown in the U.S. 
market to that extent, I think we will also not be insulated is what we believe. 
 
Abhishek Tandon 
Okay, and one more question. Considering the new plant, we will be making 
super jumbo slabs. So, would it be safe to presume that when we are utilizing 
that plant or the margins will be better than the old firm, considering the market 
for super jumbo is better than the jumbo slabs? 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. So basically, it is like all the planets getting configured to give you the 
positive results. So, it's not just the size of the slab, it is the production capacity 
optimization or benefit because of the improved technology and the processes 
which have come in place the raw material and the product mix. If these three 
are aligned at some point in time, then the benefits of all this together will help 
in improving the margins. 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
 
V.P. Rajesh 
Last time, you had talked about that the growth could be 20% to 30% over fiscal 
year '22 this year. So, given what you are seeing on the demand side, do you 
think that particular view has changed in any way? 
 
Paras Jain 
At the moment, we believe that what we spoke about 20% to 30% growth over 
the previous year, seems to be achievable unless there is some dramatic 
change in the U.S. demand outlook. 
 
V.P. Rajesh 
Okay. And secondly, in terms of realization, how do the domestic realization 
compared to the realization you get in the U.S. for a similar or same product, 
let's say? 
 
Paras Jain 
See basically, in the Indian market, we don't just sell the product, which is 
typically the case in the U.S. market. We sell the product. And in the U.S. market, 
majority of the product, what we sell is typically the slab. But in Indian market, 
we sell the product, which is fabricated. And additionally, we also have an 
element of installation. So typically, since we are catering to three different 
segments like material, fabrication and installation, there are three different 
buckets. 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
 
 
So, if you look at all the buckets together, the realization is better in the Indian 
market. But then initially because we are also investing a good amount of money 
in marketing, creating point-of-sale material displays at the dealer's plate. So 
overall, I think there will be a little incremental margin in the domestic and not 
exponential difference actually. 
 
 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan 
Investments. 
 
Sachin Kasera 
Sir, just one thing on this capacity utilization. You mentioned that the optimum 
can be 85%. But if you remember something in the Line 1, we have achieved 
high utilization. So is it that the configuration of the Line 2 is a little different than 
Line 1? If you can just comment a bit on that. 
 
Paras Jain 
See basically, the capacity utilization number, unlike in many other industries 
here, is again a function of what design you are producing. If it is a basic design, 
then you typically have a higher square foot produced, versus the design which 
has got more complication, you have relatively a lower square foot, which is 
produced. 
 
 
So, when we say 80%, 85%, we mean that based on the product mix what we 
have, we think that seems to be a reasonable number to achieve. So, the same 
thing will translate between both the units, whether it is Unit 1 or Unit 2, if in a 
particular quarter or a particular month, we have a higher production of basic 
versus lower production of expensive product. 
 
 
To that extent, square footage may go up, but the realization may not 
necessarily match it. And it can be vice-versa also that the square footage can 
come down, but the realization may go up because we actually produced a high-
end design. So, we believe that 80%, 85% in our experience so far seems to be 
a number to look at. 
 
Sachin Kasera 
Sir, second question was on the capacity expansion. You mentioned that you 
keep looking opportunity and you can't comment it right now. But just to get a 
sense, what is like the cost difference between a brownfield versus the 
greenfield because my sense is that as and when maybe 12 months or 24 
months down the line, whenever we look at expression or it will be more for 
brownfield. So, if you could just give us a sense, normally for the same plant, if 
you were to go from greenfield to cost would be Rs.100, what is typically the 
same plant costing when you go for a brownfield? 
 
Paras Jain 
See typically, if you look at our infrastructure the way we have designed our Unit 
2, we can actually accommodate additional production line in it without having 
to do expenditure or investment to the scale of greenfield, which we had to set 
up a plant. So, I think typically, at least 20% to 25% savings may come between 
a greenfield and a brownfield. 
 
Sachin Kasera 
And because we don't have to do the infrastructure, we may also save in terms 
of the overall time to operate? 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. But then we actually invested in advance to that extent that you have a 
drag on your depreciation and the other return. 
 

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Sachin Kasera 
I'm saying, sir, about the time taken to start the plant will also be lower because 
it's a brownfield versus a greenfield, you say sometimes like three years for 
greenfield, brownfield be maybe like two years or two and a half years? 
 
Paras Jain 
Yes. Yes, relatively the time will be lower than the greenfield because, one is 
that our team is already available, trained on the product. Secondly, a large 
infrastructure is already in place. And all our adjustments which we wanted to 
do in the machines are already told to the supplier well in advance. So, all those 
learning curve-related issues are already taken care in that sense. 
 
Moderator 
We will take the last question of the day from of Aman Vij from Astute Investment 
Management. 
 
Aman Vij 
On the new plant, by Q4, what kind of value addition portion can we get? Is it 
like 10%, 20% sales will be value addition by Q4 or higher and lower? And also, 
if you can talk about the same for FY '24 target? Second question is on the 
utilization part of the new plant. So, every quarter, we are seeing improvement. 
So, do you think Q2 utilization will be better than Q1 and similarly, every quarter, 
we'll keep seeing higher utilization of the new plant? These are the two 
questions. 
 
Paras Jain 
See, the target, what we have is that at least 20% of our production should be 
of high-end design. So, whether it will be Q4 or in '24 is something which I think 
only next couple of quarters can answer that. So, I think if we're able to come to 
a 10% plus, probably you can start seeing the benefits of it in the numbers. That 
is on the mix side. 
 
 
On the capacity side, see, basically, if there is a demand opportunity which we 
want to tap, we'll definitely go and take it to have some scope on the capacity 
utilization side. So, it all depends upon the demand and the needs of the market. 
So, we're just closely watching how this duty scenario and how the U.S. demand 
scenario will pan out and probably we're able to get a clarity when we talk about 
Q3. 
 
Moderator 
I would now like to hand it over back to the management for closing comments. 
 
Paras Jain 
Thank you, everyone. It was pleasure talking to you all and look forward to 
catching up again in Q2 results. Thank you. 
 
 
