FAIRCHEM ORGANICS LIMITED
Regd. Office
253/P & 312, Village Chekhala, Sanand
- Kadi Highway,
& Works
: Taluka SANAND, District: Ahmedabad - 382 115, GUJARAT, INDIA.
Phone (Board Nos.)
: (02717) 687900, 687901, +91 90163 24095
FAI RC HEM
E-mail : cs@fairchem.in
A FAIRFAX COMPANY
CIN
L242000J2019PLC129759
Website : www.fairchem.in
Date: August 26, 2022
To,
To,
BSE Limited,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Corporate Relations Department,
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/i, G Block,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai 40001.
Mumbai 400051.
Ourselves: BSE Code : 543252 and NSE Symbol
‘FAIRCHEMOR’
Ref.: Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill Part A of SEBI 1LODR~ Regulations. 2015
Dear Sirs,
Sub. : Submission of TranscriDt of audio recording of Earnings concall on financial
results for 01- FY 2023
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill, Part A, Para A, Clause 15(b) of SEBI
(LODR) Regulations 2015, we herewith submit a pdf file containing a transcript of audio
recording of Earnings concall held on Monday, 22nd August, 2022 on unaudited financial
results for Qi of FY 2023.
Please find the above in order and take the same on your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Fairchem Organics Limited,
Viral Ranpura
Dy. Company Secretary
End
: As above.

Fairchem Organics Limited
Qi FY23 Earnings Conference Call
August 22, 2022
Moderator:
Good day, ladies and gentleman, and welcome to the Qi FY23 Earnings Conference Call of
Fairchem Organics Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please
signal an operator by pressing ~*‘~then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this
conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from
Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sonpal.
Anuj Sonpa
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to you a I. My name is Anuj
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Fairchem Organics
Limited. On behalf of the company,
I would like to thank you all for participating in the
company’s earnings call for the first quarter financial year 2023. Before we begin, let me
mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today’s con call may
be forward lookng
n nature. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties which cou d cause actua
results to differ from those anticipated. Such
statements are based on managements beliefs as well as assumptions made by and
information currently ava lable to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any
undue reliance on these forward looking statements in making any investment decisions. The
focus of today’s earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company’s
fundamental business and financ a quarter under review.
Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. First, we have with us Mr. Nahoosh Jariwala,
Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Rajen ihaveri, Chief Financial Officer and Company
Secretary. Without any further delay, I request Mr. Jariwala to start with his opening remarks.
Thank you. Over to you, sir.
Nahooshiariwala:
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon, everybody. It’s a pleasure to welcome you to the earning
conference call for the frst quarter of fnancial year 2023.
I hope that everyone is keeping
safe and well. This is our first earning conference call in a very long time and the interest of
some of the people who are probab y new to the company, in first phase, I’ll give you a brief
overview of the company after which Rajen ihaveri, our CFO will brief you on the financial
and operational performance of the quarter.
Page 1 of 18

Fairchem
Organics
is
engaged
in
business
of
manufacturing
of oleo
chemicals
and
nutraceuticals since
last
25 years. Oleo chemicals means the chemicals derived from
vegetable oils. The company’s key oleo chemicals products include Dimer fatty acid, Linoleic
fatty acid, Monomer fatty acid, and nutraceutical products include, mixed tocopherols and
sterols. Nutraceutical falls in a broad guideline, which are part of vitamins. Mixed tocopherols
is an antioxidant, which is used in actual consumption. It can be used as an antioxidant or it is
used as a raw material to manufacture natural vitamin
E. We have a state of the art
manufacturing unit in Sanand, Gujarat and which was set up in the year 1995. And over the
years,
it
has
gone
through
various
stages
of
expansion,
backward
integration,
debottlenecking, technological advancements, energy savings, and in the process, we have
created a world class facility.
Over the last years or so, we have expanded our capacities from 45,000 tons to 120,000 tons
currently. Our expansion has got little bit bugged between 72,000 tons to 120,000 tons
because of COVID and due to which reason, certain critical equipments were not able to
reach us on time, but now, all the expansion is over. Please note that in our case, a capacity is
measured in terms of input of raw materials and not based on the output of final product.
This is something similar to Reliance’s refinery, which is always measured in terms of input of
crude oil. Same way, our things are also measured in terms of input of raw materials. We
have done the capacity expansion utilizing minimum CapEx which was funded 100% through
internal accruals. Fairchem today is manufacturing in India of Linoleic acid and Dimer fatty
acid, which comprises major part of our revenues, and in fact in Dimer fatty acid, we are the
only manufacturer in India, balance is being imported. And as regards linoleic acid, we are
also the only manufacturer in India. A pseudo Linoleic acid is being manufactured by a couple
of other players.
The products what we manufacture find application in paints, inks, amines, cosmetics,
lubricants, etc. whereby our product portfolio,
I mean main products has application in a
large number of industries. The mix tocopherol concentrate and sterols of concentrate of
nutraceutical stream is being used by the FMCG companies, which we are currently exporting
to US based companies since last more than 20 years.
Company has also finished plans for forward integration, whereby we’ll be further upgrading
our mix tocopherol streams to manufacture tocopherol 50 and a product called sterol 90,
which was in making of corticosteroids. At the same time, as an offshoot or as in byproducts,
a product called methyl ester will also be getting generated. In generic name, on a common
term, it is called biodiesel. And another co-product which is coming out of our Dimer fatty
acid
product
stream
called
Monomer fatty
acid
is
also
going to
get
upgraded for
manufacturing of stearic acid and isostearic acd. Isostearic acid will be manufactured for the
first time again in India.
Page 2 of 18

This is the story about the company in brief. Now Ill hand over to our CFO to brief you on the
financial performance, after which I’ll give you the operational highlights of the quarter and
then we can have question-answer, whatever questions you have in mind.
Rajen ihaveri:
Thank you, sir, and good afternoon everyone. Let me brief you firstly on the financial
performance of the first quarter of financial year 2023. The operational revenue for the first
quarter was about these Rs. 225 crore which grew by about 62% year-on-year. EBITDA
reported was around Rs. 40 crore, a growth of approximately 22% year-on-year and the
EBITDA margin stood at 17.77%. Net profit after tax reported was around Rs. 27 crore, a
growth of approximately
21% year-on-year while the
PAT
margin
was
12%.
On the
operational front EBITDA margins improved during the quarter due to company s effort of
containing raw materials cost and also to a certain extent, due to economies of scale seeking
gain due to the higher volumes on behalf of higher capacity utilization of the new plant
capacity. The company has completed its capacity expansion and the increased capacity in
terms of throughput of raw material of 120,000 metric tons per annum was operational now
as at end of June 2022. with this, Anuj, we can now open the floor for the question and
answer sesson.
Moderator:
Raj Shah:
Thank you very much. we will now begin the question and answer session. The first question
is from the line of Raj Shah from Statheros LIP. Please go ahead.
My first question is
I would like to know you have done from 36% to 38% of gross margin in
Q1. So
I want to understand that is it sustainable? And can we just grow forward from those
kind of levels?
Nahoosh Jariwala
Can you repeat it, please? Your voice is getting distorted. If you can repeat the question
again.
Rajen Jhaveri
Raj Shah:
What is sustainable? What did you ask, what is sustainable?
So my first question is that we have done gross margins hovering around 36% to 38% and
EBITDA at around 17% to 18%. So, my question is, is it sustainable and can we just grow off
from the current levels in the coming quarters?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Yes. This margin, we feel will be sustainable, because of 2 reasons. One is the economy of
scale, which will be kicking in and second thing is because of the forward integration of the 2
product streams. So overall, we feel fairly confident that these margins will be sustainable in
long run.
Raj Shah:
What proportion of our raw material is derived from soybean and sunflower oil as they are
our major raw material source?
Page 3 of 18

Nahoosh Jariwala:
To be frank we can process multiple raw materials coming out of soft oil. Typically, soft oils
are oils like soya, corn, canola, groundnut. So,
I mean, soya and sunflower being major raw
materials, we are always writing soya and sun, but we can also utilize other raw materials and
which we are using.
Raj Shah:
But even though if you could just gve a sense on, et’s say 60%, 50%, 40%, that will be really
helpful.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Raj Shah:
Yes, you can say around 50%.
Sorry, about?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
About 50%
Raj Shah:
About 50%. And now that we have completed majority of our CapEx, can we expect the
capacity utilization to hit, let’s say, 70%, 80% by let’s say, FY 25? Is it a fair assumption?
Raj Shah:
Let me tell you one thing. I’ll explain you one thing. Typically, in a specialty chemical industry,
the time you think of capacity expansion, and the actual capacity comes in place is minimum
3 years. And as a company, we prefer a minimum 25% latent capacity. We always prefer to
keep 25% latent capacity because of that reason. So currently, our utilization is around 65%
to 70% and which, every year we intend to increase by 10% to 15%. Because the paint
industry, which is our basic market paint and ink, is expected to grow in the range of 10% to
15%. And the top floor players in that segment are expected to grow anything above 20%. So
overall, what we see is, in next 3 years, we’ll be able to reach our full capacity utilization.
So sir, is it fair to infer that you’ve given a guidance of the 10% to 15% of volume growth over
FY23, FY24, FY25. Is it fair to assume that?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
I mean, we’ll obviously. That’s what I’m saying, we’ll strive our best. Everything depends on
how the economy performs at the same time.
Raj Shah:
Sir, because I must say that the company has done a commendable job, especially in Qi with
getting margins back to 18%. That’s fantastic. My other question is, what sort of revenue and
margin profile can we expect from the biodiesel project?
Nahoosh Jariwa a:
That’s the biodiesel product, we’ll be going in operations by the end of this year. And so this
year, you won’t see any major upswing of that. Next year onwards, you’ll see the advantage
coming out of it.
Raj Shah:
And what sort of revenue or margin profile can we expect?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Page 4 of 18

Nahoosh Jariwala:
Raj Shah:
Certain things, it’s basically what we have done is we have state of art plant here with actual
state of art plant, which none of the companies in India is having. So based on which our
manufacturing cost is going to be pretty low. But due to keeping in mind the competitive
scenario, certain things, it won’t be fair for me to divulge at this stage.
And Nahoosh bhai,
I can see that, our nutraceutical business has been just been scaling down
from FY18, in the deck that we have shared on the BSE. What are the chal enges either that
has resulted, in such a result for the nutraceutical business?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
I mean, 2 things were there. One was that we were concentrating more on our fatty acid
stream, that was one thing. Second thing was because of COVID, whatever expansion,
forward integration
project,
when
we were
in the
process of implementing for our
nutraceutical division got a little bit stalled. Because
I mean, the critical equipments were
going to come from abroad. So that was 2 things. And third thing was there were one or two
small players who came in market and started buying material and which created a little bit
of a situation whereby it was unremunerative for us to do the business at that stage. But
now, as our tocopherol forward integration plant is in place, we’ll bounce back in the same
scenario because we have been supplying this material to three US based giants who control
among themselves around 80% of world’s market. And again, once our products have also got
approved with them, the new products thing also, so we expect to bounce back again.
Raj Shah:
But what sort of volumes?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Volumes would go up.
Raj Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
So there’s a rock bottom that we have hit.
Yes, exactly.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Trilok from Dymon Asia. Please go ahead.
Trilok Agarwal:
Nahoosh Jariwa a:
Trilok Agarwal:
So, this is on the expanded capacity that we have seen recently. Is it fair to assume that the
historical asset turnover ratio will continue or do you do you think because of the recent
increase in realization, particularly raw material, it is bound to go up meaningfully versus
history?
Asset to turnover ratio is expected to go up because whatever the expansion we have done,
we have done doing minimum CapEx. So, obviously, it’s turnover ratio is expected to improve
every year.
So, based on the CapEx that we did last, about from 90,000 to 120,000, what sort of peak
revenue potential that can we generate from the project?
Page 5 of 18

Rajen ihaveri:
Peak revenue, as Nahoosh ji said in response to the previous question, we are likely to
achieve the full capacity utilization in next 3 years. So, in the terminal year of the third year,
we will be achieving the peak revenue. And at current prices, if we assume that whatever is
the current price is we are presently at 65% capacity utilization and the revenue is Rs. 225
crore for this quarter and the utilization was 65%. And because we are processing this waste
product, achieving approximately 92% of the capacity utilization of the installed capacity can
be considered to be a fair utilization. So accordingly, we can work out that at 65%, if the
revenue is Rs. 225 crore and if the present price is sustained over a period of next 2, 3 years
at 92% capacity utilization, we will achieve that kind of a turnover.
Trilok Agarwal:
And sir, with regards to the incremental, products that we sort of offer to our clients, so is the
growth rates of 10%, 15% that you highlighted initially every year, 2 questions. One is new
products introduction; how much does it play the role? And second is what sort of market
share are we gaining into the products? Could you just talk about it?
Nahoosh Jariwala~
See, as
explained, we are diverse, as if we are the only player in India. And both these
products what we are manufacturing are part of the higher echelon of the society overall.
Typically, India is expected to grow at 7%, the top strata of the society is expected to grow at
much more than that 7%. So, based on that our assumption is that we’ll grow by around 10%
to 15% every year.
I mean that’s the simple logic and based on that logic only we have
created the new capacities.
Trilok Agarwal
And sir, what is the export sort of growth rates we may expect in the next couple of years?
Nahooshiariwala:
Our nutraceutica
product is the only thing which is getting exported. And as
I explained
earlier, we intend to increase our overall share of nutraceutical products in our total sales. So
we expect improvement in export earnings.
Trilok Agarwal:
Are we workng at any further targets in the next 3 years our nutraceutical business should be
expecting?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Already we have been exporting the nutraceutical products to 3 US based companies since
last more than 20 years. So
I mean, that is not new market development or anything to be
done. No new customer development, both the things are not there, already they are there.
So
I mean, once our plan goes on stream, it wIl be a smooth sailing for us.
Moderator
The next question is from the line of Sunil Jam
from Nirmal Bang Securities Private Limited.
Please go ahead.
Sunil Jam:
Sir, since you’re the only producer of Dimer and Linoleic, is that you compete wth import or
is there any competing products out there or is that you’re the only supplier for this product
in India?
Page6ofl8

Nahoosh Jariwala:
In Dimer fatty, our competition is from imports and which is majority coming from China, and
we are competing with the Chinese shrewdly efficiently and are in position to increase our
market share, which in itself shows that our process or our quality and everything is on fire.
And based on that we can say that we are a competitively priced manufacturer of the same
product. And as regards Linoleic fatty acid, we are again the only manufacturer. Our pseudo
Linoleic acid is being manufactured by 1 or 2 players, which
s sold more to the unorganized
sector, which is present in paint industry.
Sunlliain:
So how much market share you have in this product and what is the scope?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
As the Linoleic acid, none of the big paint companies ever share how much quantity of a
particular type of decorative paints they have manufactured or they are marketing. It is very
tough for us to really get the feel about actually what is the market size. But currently, we’re
at 65% whatever we are making we are able to sell and the paint industry is expected to grow
in the range of 10% to 15%. And so, we are also expecting that our sales would be there,
I
mean we will be able to sell more than 10% to 15% every year.
Sunlliain:
So, since you had expanded the capacity very fast like from 45 to 90 and then now to 120, so
that indicate that you must have captured a large market share from the competition. So is it
fair to assume that or no?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Well, as
I said that we have captured market share from the Chinese players in Dimer. And
Linoleic acid, what has happened is once the GST came in the unorganzed sector started
losing the market to the organized sector. And you can look at the growth of what Asian
Paints or Goodlass Nerolac or Berger are showing, that itself was gives an answer. And our
product goes to them only. So
I mean, that’s that’s proof of the pudding.
Sunil Jam:
Sir, second question relate to earlier your raw material was somewhere you were talking like
the waste of oil mills is your raw material. Is it that the same situaton?
Nahoosh Jariwala
Waste products of the vegetable oil refineries are our raw materials. And we intend to remain
in that space only because over the period, we have created capacities to process raw
material, which doesn’t have any product specifications. And we are able to manufacture
products with stringent product specifications. Arid so we don’t intend to change our raw
material from byproducts to prime products.
Sunil Jam:
I agree with you. But the availability of raw material is not an issue?
Nalioosh Jariwala.
Nu, currently, Its riot an Issue as I explained that we have capability to process any and every
soft oil waste products. And India is one of the largest markets for vegetable oil. So
I mean
we don’t foresee any major raw material constraints.
Page 7 of 18

Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from ICICI Securities Limited. Please go
Dhavan Shah:
Rajen ihaveri:
Dhavan Shah:
Rajen ihaveri:
Dhavari Shah:
Rajeri Jhaveri:
Dhavan Shah:
Rajen ihaveri:
ahead.
So
I have a question on the volumes processed. So can you please share the data for ths
quarter Ui ‘23, what was the volume processed and even in Q4 ‘22.
Annually, we have been sharing the data. As far as this particular quarter is concerned, what
we processed was in the range of between 14,000 tons and 15,000 tons.
And what was the volume?
Last year volume was 59,000. And this year during the first quarter, we have processed 1/4 of
that last year quantity between 14,000 and 15,000 metric tons.
I was asking about the quarterly numbers. So in U4 ‘22 and Ui ‘22, what was the number
against this 14,000 tons, 15,000?
I’m telling you this cii ‘22, ‘23 only, this number.
No,
I masking against this Ui ‘23, what was the volume in Q4 ‘22 and Ui ‘22, if you can help
us? So we can get to know about the quarter on quarter and V0Y bass.
U4 ‘21 ‘22 was the same quantity ascii ‘22-’23.
Dhavan Shah:
And cii ‘22?
Rajen ihaveri:
01 ‘22 was much lesser at around 13,000 tons.
Dhavan Shah
Nahoosh Jariwala:
And given that the edible oil prices were higher during the last quarter, so was there any
inventory gains which lifted the overall gross margin for the quarter?
No. Basically, as a company, we have a philosophy in mind that we are a manufacturing
company and we dont play around any way in commodity pricing. So, whatever we purchase,
we sell. So,
I mean, there is no gain or loss, we see to it that no gain or loss happens from
inventory or finished product. We try our best. Marginally, plus, minus can happen.
Dhavan Shah
Nahoosh Jariwala:
And at the end of cii,
I mean, what was the realization? Because
I think oleochemical was
contributing up to 99%, the contribution is the same in the last quarter also, correct?
yes.
Dhavan Shah:
And this includes oleo plus nutraceuticals, this 14,000, 15,000 tonnage volume
Page 8 of 18

Nahoosh Jariwala:
Yes, it Inc udes both.
And si, given that the edible oil prices are coming down, so do you still foresee that maybe
this FY ‘23, we can end up with the higher YoY growth. But on that base, do foresee the
growth can continue, because I think the volumes are growing at roughly 10%, 15%, but if the
realization fell to around 30%, 40%, do you foresee this kind of growth continuing, maybe
10%,15% on YoY basis also continue over this year, in the next year?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Basically, please don’t look at quarter to quarter. Yes, end of the year, you’ll see.
We will grow not only because of volume, because of the value also, because during the
current financial year, maybe in the end of third quarter or fourth quarter, we wIl be through
with our value-added products things also. So that will give us additional contribution in top
line as well as bottom line also in last quarter of the current financial year. So we are quite
hopeful that on an annual basis, we will certainly be better off in terms of top line as well as
bottom line.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Niraj Shah from Exemplar Investment. Please go ahead.
First of all,
I would like to applaud the management team led by Mr. Nahoosh Jariwala for
setting an exceptional example over last decade of how well a capable management can grow
a company from just Rs. 57 core revenue to current Rs. 643 crore revenue and from just
10,000 metric ton volume to current almost 60,000 metric ton per annum volume without
burdening balance sheet or profit margins. It’s really commendable.
Now regarding my queries, out of our 120,000 metric ton per annum capacity, how much is
dedicated specifically for processing DOD?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
See, basically, the capacity creation what we have done has a swinging ability. So
I mean we
can sw ng our equipments from one raw material to second. So
I mean we can process it.
I
mean much higher quantities of DODs, if it is viable. So based on that whichever business
gives us more money something what we do and that is the beauty what we have created in
the last expansion.
Niraj Shah:
So you mean to say that capacities are fungible, but as per your own estimates, because you
must be having commitments for your oleochemical business clients also. So in this year, in
coming two years, how much DOD you plan to dedicate specific these capacities too?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
See,
I mean, currently you can see around 3% to ‘1%, which we intend to double up.
Niraj Shah:
So around 10% maximum DOD you will be able to produce.
Dhavan Shah:
Niraj Shah:
Page 9 of 18

Nahoosh Jariwala:
Yes. But at the same time, what
I explained, is my fatty acid business is giving me more
money?
I might not do that much in DOD then.
I mean, it depends, what is giving us money.
I
mean, if it makes more sense. We won’t take exit 100% from any product stream, that is all.
We will keep our foot there.
Niraj Shah:
With respect to our 50% topopherol product, by when exactly we will be abe to produce the
seed product in meaningful commercial quantities from current year or from FY24?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
We intend to start the plant by December.
Niraj Shah:
And trial runs, you mean to finish by December or after the trial runs go on after December.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
No,
I mean it won’t take so much for us to I mean go in full production, much time, less than a
month.
Niraj Shah:
My last query was regarding our forward integration projects. So, what is the approximate
market opportunity size in each of the value-added products we plan to manufacture apart
from 50% tocopherol?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
And the other is forward integration, what we are doing is a product called monomer fatty
acid, which is a co-product coming out of our Dimer manufacturing process and forward
integration we’ll be doing and mainly making 2 products out of it, stearic acid and isostearic
acid. Stearic acid has a huge application of more than 200,000 tons and isostearic acid
s a
tailor made product which we intend to export to US and Europe. Already we have started
pilot plant, product approvals are already in place, and we won’t see any issue as regards to
exporting full quantity whatever we will be manufacturing because it will be very small part
of global demand.
Moderator:
Krunal Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
The next question is from the line of Krunal Shah from ENAM Investments. Please go ahead.
My question is line with previous participant question. As in isostearic acid, what are the end
application for that?
It finds application in cosmetics, aviation fuel, sunscreen lotions. I mean its a product which is
being consumed in a big way and the market is also expanding in a big way because it’s a
green product. Basically, it’s been produced from vegetable oil sources. So that’s the beauty
of the product.
Krunal Shah
And the second question is in line with this tocopherol 50% and sterol 90%. How are these 2
products different from what we actually manufacture nutraceuticals right now because you
also do tocopherol currently?
Page 10 of 18
I

Nahoosh Jariwala:
Currently, we are manufacturing and exporting products which is mix of both the products.
So in future events or expansion, I mean, forward integration plant goes operational, we’ll be
separating both the product streams and making it into
I presume whereby both of them
would find application separately, like sterols 90 for corticosteroids and tocopherol 50 for
animal feed and/or for manufacturing natural vitamins.
Krunal Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
So you’re saying that basically separating the good work increases the market opportunity for
you in that sense?
Yes. We will be selling to the 3 US based players only to whom we have been selling since
years.
Krunal Shah
Nahoosh Jariwala:
And you said that we already have some contract with the US guys for these products. So
have the samples been approved already?
Already. See basically, we started this company with tocopherol business, and we have
excellent relations and all the 3 are fortune 500 companies.
Krunal Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala~
Last question is in the RM side. So we have the capacity to process 1.2 lakh tons. What’s the
total RM available in India? Because as per my knowledge, there is a limited capacity for the
RM to produce because only 1.5% of the total output from the oil refineries that we can use.
So, if you can help me understand what is the total RM opportunity India?
I mean, currently, for whatever we want to sell, we are able to procure the raw materials.
And the way finished product market is growing, I mean vegetable oil market is also growing.
So we don’t foresee any issues with regards the availability of the raw material per se. And
we can use a huge basket of byproducts of different vegetable ols. So I mean, I don’t see any
issue regarding that.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesO Investment Advisors.
Please go ahead.
Aashish Upganlawar:
Sir, just wanted to understand there are a few things happening in our company. One is the
expansion that is going on. Secondly, the inflation that we’ve seen in the raw material side.
And third is the value added products basket that will be coming in as we go along. So in all of
this, I wanted to break it up into what if the RMs come off, because last time when we I think
interacted, you said that percentage margins is what we typically tend to look at, not the
EBITDA margin, EBITDA rupees per ton achieved kind of numbers. So, would it mean that we
will be havIng a lower EBITDA per ton because, If It’s percentage margins criteria for us. Are
the 17%, 18% EBITDA margins, the figure that one should look at on a sustainable basis for us.
Page 11 of 18

Nahoosh Jariwala:
See, as
I explained earlier, because of economies of scale kickh,g in and forward integration of
the product streams, we feel this margin would be sustainable in long run.
Aashish Upganlawar:
So, 18% odd percent is the band for us, because historically we have done 20% plus
sometime.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
I mean obviously we’ll try, because see, 2 things, economy of scale and forward integration,
would obviously help us increase these margins too, I mean anything above 18%.
Aashish Upganlawar
And these value-added products, does it give us better profitability in that sense, that’s what
you’re trying to say or it also expand the opportunity for the company to basically have a
sustained 25% kind of a growth on sales front probably next 4-5 years.
Nahooshiariwala:
See, obviously forward integration is going to give us price realization, because whatever
expansion, I mean forward integration we have done is we have done in the same plant. We
haven’t created any new Creenfield facility for that. So, that is one thing. And second thing is
forward integration would keep us ahead of our,
I mean, future any competition, if currently
there is no competition, but in future also, if any competition comes, we are way ahead of
anyone else. So I mean overall, its going to give us a good advantage.
Aashish Upganlawar:
So that 20% plus kind of a number is it a fair assumption on the top line growth front for the
company that way even after the current expansion is exhausted?
Rajen ihaveri:
We will certainly strive to achieve that number.
Aashish Upganlawar:
After the current expansion is exhausted, maybe
I mean, I’m trying to understand after 3
years what happens, after this phase of growth and capacity that’Il come?
Rajen ihaveri:
See, EBITDA, Mr. Aashish you would be better aware because you are in this line, this EBIDTA
as a percentage wou d depend on many things. Theoretically, if these raw material prices
ncrease to 2x, and correspondingly our finished goods prices also increase on a pro rata
basis, then on a percentage term one cannot expect that the same 17.77% would be there
after both these are increased to 2x. But what we are trying to say is that on an annual basis,
we wil continuous y improve on our top line and bottom line numbers.
Aashish Upganlawar:
Sir, my question was on the top line growth since our capacity is now moving to 1.2 Iakh tons,
so clearly we have a visible path for the next 3 years. Beyond that do you think that the
growth of that trend is sustainable, maybe on the volume trends we might grow.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Recently, as you can see in last 10 years, we have increased our capacity from 8,000 tons to
120,000 tons. As a management, we are continuously working on different products. We
have a fully-fledged R&D lab whereby which is manned by around 15 people and we are
working on different products, we are a debt free company. So obviously,
I
Page 12 of 18

Moderator:
Ritesh:
the cash flow which will be getting generated, we are going to utilize this in some way for
growth. to
The next question is from the line of Ritesh from Girik Capital. Please go ahead.
Sir, just wanted to know your input to output ratio. Is there any yield loss or you get nearly
95% output?
Rajen ihaveri:
From this 1 page results on y you can work out what is the raw materia cost as a percentage
to sales?
Ritesh:
I’m not talking about the raw material as a percentage to sales. If you process 100 tons of raw
material, do you get the output of 95 tons?
Rajen ihaveri:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Yes. In terms of quantity, it will be approximately 94% to 96%.
It comes to 96%.
Ritesh:
And another question, you use the waste of the edible oil. So, what is the price differential
between waste of edible oil to say edible oil? It would be 10%?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
No, much higher.
Ritesh
So say, edible oil is Rs. 100 a liter. So, it would be something Rs. 50, Rs. 60 for you.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rs. 60, Rs. 65, Rs. 70, depending on which raw materia we are using.
Ritesh:
yes, sir, I just want to know the range of the thing.
Nahoosh Jariwala
Rajen Jhaveri:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
It is much, much, much, much cheaper. That’s the advantage. And that’s the DNA and that
the reason we are having this type of EBITDA margins.
That is the reason no one else is in this business.
And it’s because the raw material waste, having no product specification, and from there to
make a particular product of acceptable quality, be clear, that’s the challenge and that’s the
type of plant what we have created and the process what we have created and the people
who are with us since last more than 20 years, have learned and mastered that. That’s the
DNA of this company.
Ritesh:
Moderator:
Absolute, sir. You do the magic. That’s all from my side.
The next question is from the line of Prit Nagersheth from Wealth Finvisor. Please go ahead.
Page 13 of 18

Prit Nagersheth:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
I think most of the questions have been answered, But just 1 remaining question was that, sir,
we were hearing about some kind of sluggishness in demand for the month of July and even
for August. So how is it for you guys? Are you seeing any slowdown in volumes by some of
the players?
No. Maybe see, this might be a cyclical. So that’s why I said earlier also, maybe a particular
month might be up and down, which might affect a particu ar quarter.
I mean what we need
to look at is year-to-year performance. And in that we don’t see any drop anyways.
Moderator:
Vipul Shah
Rajen Jhaveri:
The next question is from the line of Vipul Shah 8w Equities. Please go ahead.
Most of the questions have been answered. Just 1 queston which I had, sir, is in terms of our
sales revenue, could you give a high-level sort of understanding of the industry segment from
which our revenue flows, sir?
Vipul bhai, these 3 prime products, our Linoleic acid which goes in paint, Dimer acid which
goes in printing ink and epoxy, etc, and our nutraceutical. In terms of value during this
quarter 1 of Fy’23 in terms of value, their share was nearly 77% for these 3 prime products.
Vipul Shah:
Rajen Jhaveri:
And so another question was, earlier in the call, we mentioned that basically, our volumes
were more or less similar, in the last quarter of the previous financial year and the first
quarter of this financial year. So the jump in the revenue quarter-on-quarter, could it be
ascribed to the price?
No, there are 2 factors in that, Vipul Bhai. What we said is that the quantity processed was
same, but there is a composition of finished products derived from that quantity processed.
So, though the quantity processed was same, the volume of the 2 prime products, Linoleic
acid and Dimer acid, both the volumes showed a jump during this quarter vis-a-vis the
previous quarter.
So, the additional sales value achieved during this quarter vis-à-vis
immediately preceding quarter is partly because of this higher volume of these 2 prime
products also, apart from the higher per unit realization. So, it is not only per unit realization
increase, which has resulted in this rise, it is because of the higher quantity of sale of 2 prime
products also during this quarter vis-à-vis immediate preceding quarter.
Vipul Shah:
Rajen Jhaveri:
So basically, sir, it’s a mix issue. What I understand from you, sir, is that the mix was favorable
in this quarter. And sir, last question is that, we’ve been operating at a pretty solid steady
state range of margins barring, sir, the second half of last financial year. So could that be also
ascribed to a mix issue? Or is there any specific reason you want to call out, sir? Although
I
understand this is the first quarter call, but pardon me for this question, sir.
I will tell you. During that October March period, if you remember, there was a lot of volatility
because of this change
n policy. Durng the s’x month period at different poir
there
Page 14 of 18

Moderator:
Sanchit Agarwal:
Rajen ihaveri:
was change in policy by Indonesia and Malaysia, as far as their Palm oil export is concerned.
There was this Russia-Ukraine war announcement or war between Russia and Ukraine, which
disrupted the supply of sunflower oil et cetera, et cetera, So Indian oil demand, which
comprises of many things, domestic production plus import of sunflower oil from Ukraine,
Russia, import of palm oil from Indonesia, Malaysia, et cetera, when there is a perception
that this import will not take place, the prices would be jumping. And when the price jumps,
everything then is in a turmoil. And the end users of our products is paint companies, etc,
then they would take their decision whether the use of their inventory or to create or
maintain that level of inventory by buying fresh. So those kinds of things happened during
that particular 6 months and that is how it was impacted. See, after this thing stablized
during the first quarter, we have again bounced back to our original level.
The next question is from the line of Sanchit Agarwal from Littlemore Investments. Please go
ahead.
My question is like your top customer accounts for like 40% of your revenue. So, what has
been the past track record like for 3-5 years, what’s the growth in that customer?
This 40% revenue is during the financial year ‘20-’21 and ‘21-’22. Before that the top
customer did not contribute 40%. So, this 40% is for last 2 financial years only and to an
extent it will be there during the current financial year though it may not be 40%, it will be
lesser than that. But once we are through with these our value added product streams, etc,
and capacity expansion and focused on these other products also, this contribution of a top
customer from 40% is bound to reduce substantially.
Moderator:
Jagvir Singh:
Nahoosh Jariwala
The next question is from the line of Jagvir Singh from Shade Capital.
I have only 1 question. Earlier, in the presentation you were talking of sustainable margins of
16% to 17%. So now, you are talking to the margins 18% plus. So what has changed in
between?
Two things, capacity expansion which has kicked in the economy of scale and forward
integration of products to things based on that we feel that we will be able to improve that.
Jagvir Singh:
Nahoosh Jariwala
And 1 question, in Q4, we have held the lowest margin around 10% margin in the Q4 last
year. So what has changed in these 2-3 months, 10% to 17.7%?
Last year, COVID thing was also there. Omicron and Delta variant thing, that’s when things
were topsy turvy. So I mean that also affected our thing whereby we had to keep plant shut
for longer periods. And lots of things were kicked in. So
I mean,
I want put it as a quarter,
which would be really, I mean, looked at.
Page 15 of 18

Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Sagar from Dr Sagar RV. Please go ahead.
First of all,
I just want to congratulate the management because we can see several costs, like
power costs, they are still extremely high, but the management did everything perfectly. So
really, thank you for that.
I had these 2 questions. The first one was regarding suppliers and
customers. Can you just explain how do these contracts work? Because we’ve seen in many
chemical companies, they can’t pass these increased costs to their customers. So can you
explain how do we buy these raw materials first and then sell it to the customers? Like how
do these contracts work? And can we pass the price hikes easily in 1 or 2 quarters?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
As
I explained earlier, that we don’t play in commodity, we are a manufacturing company.
That’s what our belief is. So we typically enter in contracts for raw materials purchase, which
are not beyond 1 month, and same way, we don’t enter in any contract for sales beyond 1
month. Yes, as our raw materials our commodities and our finished products are sold on B2B
basis, there can be some lag of transferring the increase of raw materials beyond that,
beyond month or month and a half. Beyond that, nothing is there. So
I mean, we are in
position to transfer the price hike. But if for whatever reason there is sudden price hike of
20% or 25%, then because of keeping our long term relation with our suppliers, they might
request us to stagger the hike and spread it over 2 months. Beyond that nothing.
So 2 months would be the max. That’s really helpful. And my second question was actually a
bit more about the future, because right now we are waiting this one plant, because now we
have more products coming in and lets imagine we come with a new plan, what would
become the hurdle rate for you. So when you launch a new product, your focus is on margins,
what’s the payback period? Which is the metric you’d like to focus on? Just to understand
how the company goes from here.
See, as regards the forward integration of the 2 product streams, one is in nutraceutica field,
which product we are going to manufacture and are going to sell to the same customers,
which has already been approved. So we don’t see any hurdle in that. And as we got the new
product called isostearic acid, initially I mean, the pilot plant samples are under approval and
the results are quite encouraging. And in that case, we also don’t see any big hurdle because
it’s a green chemical and world is going green. And we were saying, the market is also
growing at a fast pace. So we don’t foresee any major hurdle in that area also. And over the
period we have created a name as regards quality soft oil manufacturer. And companies
know about us. And so we don’t see any major issues regarding that.
Sagar:
if I can just clarify one thing, what
I meant by hurdle rate was let’s imagine we come up with a
new plan, for example, you’d be focusing on the higher margins compared to existing
products like that concentrated tocopherols you were mentioning, yes.
Sagar:
Sagar:
Page 16 of 18

Nahoosh Jariwa a:
Moderator:
Raj Shah:
Obviously. The forward integration logic was that only to have better price realization.
There is a follow-up question from the line of Raj Shah from Statheros LLP. Please go ahead.
I don’t really have any questions. But I’d like to wish all the luck to Rajen bha and Nahoosh
bhai.
Raj Shah:
Moderator:
Niraj Shah:
Rajen ihaveri:
Nlraj Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Niraj Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
The question that I had was taken up by the previous participants, but I’d like to congratulate
and wish luck Nahoosh bhai and Rajen bhai.
There’s a follow up question from the line of Niraj Shah from Exemplar investments. Please
go ahead.
Just one follow up. What is the contribution of Dimer acid to our FY22 revenues?
All these prime products put together were approximately for the financial year ‘21-22, that
contribution was around 73%, all the 3 prime products put together.
And particularly Dimer acid if you can share?
It would be approximately 30%, 35%.
30%, 35%, okay. Rough estimate?
Yes.
Moderator:
Sunil Jam:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Sunlliain:
Rajen Jhaveri:
There is a follow up question from the line of Sunil Jam
from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go
ahead.
Sir, you said that 01 production was around 14,000 to 15,000. And you said that the capacity
utilization was 65% to 70%. That doesn’t match.
Additional capacity was created by end of June 2022 during the quarter of April to June, the
capacity was 90,000 tons only.
So this additional capital can be utilized in the current year?
Additional capacity was in place in the end June 30, 2022 only. So for this quarter April-June,
we have applied this percentage of 64% on 90,000 ton capacity because that was in place at
LIIdt time.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, that was the last question for today. I would now hand the
conference over to the management for closing comments.
Page 17 of 18

Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rajen ihaveri:
Thank you all for participating in this earning con call.
I hope we were able to answer your
question satisfactorily, at the same time, offer some insight in our business. If you have any
further questions or would like to know about the company, please reach out to our Investor
Relations Manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. Stay safe. Stay healthy.
Thank you, everybody.
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of Valorem Advisors that concludes this conference call. Thank you for
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 18 of 18
