C
H
0
R
T
!iJ
Growth U'nllmftad
T
!iJ
Growth Unllm ad
 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Power Mech Projects Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Disclaimer: E & OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recording uploaded on the Stock Exchange(s) on 22nd August, 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. KODANDARAMAIAH – DIRECTOR – BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT - POWER MECH PROJECTS LIMITED 
MR. JAMI SATISH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
POWER MECH PROJECTS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRASHEEL GANDHI – NIRMAL BANG EQUITIE 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Power Mech Projects Limited Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities. As a reminder, all participants’ 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prasheel Gandhi from Nirmal Bang Equities. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Prasheel Gandhi: 
Thanks and good afternoon to all the participants. Nirmal Bang Equities welcomes you all to 
1Q FY23 Earnings Conference Call for Power Mech Projects Limited. From the management 
team, we have S. K. Ramaiah - Director, Business Development and Mr. Jami Satish - CFO. 
Without taking much time, I hand over the call to management for opening remarks post which 
we can take for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Jami Satish: 
Thank you. Good afternoon all. This is Satish, and along with me I have Mr. S. K. Ramaiah - 
Director, Business Development. We welcome you all to the earnings call Quarter 1, FY22-23.  
 
Let me take first through the financial highlights of first quarter '23. Performance for Quarter 
1, FY23 continued to be healthy in line with overall plan set for the company. The reported 
total income for Quarter 1, FY23 is Rs. 749 crores. EBITDA is Rs.86 crores and the reported 
PAT is Rs. 39 crores whereas Q1 of previous financial year, the reported total income was 
Rs.628 crores. EBITDA was Rs.71 crores and PAT was Rs.31 crores.  
 
The revenue mix for Q1 FY23 is as follows: 
Erection business contributed Rs. 152 crores. Civil business including railway, water projects 
is around Rs. 376 crores. Operation and maintenance Rs. 196 crores. Electrical business 22 
crores and other income around 2 crores whereas during Quarter 1 of last financial year, 
erection business contributed around 137 crores, civil business contributed around 284 crores, 
O&M business contributed 173 crores, electrical business 28 crores and from other income, it 
was around 6 crores. 
 
Domestic business has contributed almost 83% and rest 17% business has come from overseas 
business. The mix between power and non-power business stands at 60% and 40%. We have 
seen growth across all the segments except electrical business whereas the company is 
conscious of growing in electrical business field. This is far the best and five times high 
Quarter 1 performance for Power Mech in its entire journey.  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Reported total income clocked a growth of almost 19% during Quarter 1 as against Quarter 1 
of previous year. Similarly, EBITDA has shown a growth of almost 20% and PAT has shown a 
growth of almost 26% on account of controlled finance cost, depreciation and increase in 
margin profile. 
 
Depreciation cost as a percentage to revenue remained lower side due to controlled CAPEX 
spending. Similarly, finance cost as a percentage has come down on account of reduction in 
overall utilization of limits.  
 
Overall execution cycle expected to improve further on account of robust order book, stronger 
engineering skills, construction management and strengthening first and second level 
leadership in-house. 
 
Power Mech is known for its execution capabilities. From a pure power sector player 7 years 
ago, the company has transformed itself into a multi-dimensional infrastructure player 
retaining its core competence in O&M and mechanical pie as we foresaw slowdown in the 
thermal power sector years back, post that Power Mech has demonstrated its execution 
capabilities in every segment we operated so far including railway, road projects, water 
projects, material handling, cross-country pipeline, international operations etc. Another 
important point to note is that Power Mech has experience in operating all tough territories 
including international territories.  
 
During this 23 years journey including tough period of COVID, the company has built 
capabilities to deal with any adversity. We have instances where we were awarded few 
contracts without performance guarantees which shows the confidence of our customers.  On 
execution front, the company is much confident to deliver on schedule.  
 
We are also excited and happy to share new talent from reputed organizations joining Power 
Mech across all verticals. Few names  include M. Srinivasa Rao joined as MD and CEO 
International Operations (Africa). Earlier he as associated with reputed company like Shapoorji 
Pallonji. Mr. Umesh Mehta joined as Chief Techno Commercial Officer having more than 
three decades experience. He was associated with some of the reputed companies like Vedanta, 
Sterlite, Vaaman Engineers. Mr. Vijaya Bhaskara Rao joined as Vice President, Contract 
Management and Business Development having 35 years of experience, and earlier he was 
associated with companies like Tech-Pro, Desein, APGENCO. Mr. Ashok Kumar Datta joined 
as Vice President, and he has almost 30 years of experience, and earlier he was associated with 
some of the reputed companies like Reliance Industries, Nirman, L&T. So, this shows the 
confidence on the execution front and the talent getting attracted from bigger  organizations 
that gives lot of confidence among the team in terms of execution.  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
And going forward, the overall working capital cycle looking to be improved. The average 
monthly collections continued to be in the range of Rs. 250 crores to 300 crores, and the same 
is expected to improve going forward.  
 
Net current days excluding cash and cash equivalent continued to be in the range of 140 to 145 
days during the period. This is again expected to come down during the year. Gross debt and 
net debt remained controlled despite growth in the business. Overall debt utilization and 
finance cost expected to come down during the financial year.  
 
As you all would have seen, recently Power Mech has bagged a large contract in the space of 
FGD which is around 6,100 crores plus from Adani Group for its projects based at Mundra, 
Tiroda, Kawai, and Udupi on a complete EPC basis. These projects are to be executed over a 
period of 30 months.  
 
Power Mech has created a separate unit to handle these projects headed by senior professional. 
Also, Power Mech has tied up with well-proven technology partners for technology support 
and also for equipment supply to install these FGDs and taken all necessary precautions to 
mitigate all contractual and external risks.  
 
The major thrust into FGD EPC business is part of our forward integration and major 
diversification based on Power Mech's core competence of over two decades in power plant 
installation. Power Mech's vast experience and in-house core strength to handle any power 
plant will add lot in terms of value addition and execution of this project.  
 
These contracts  have 10% mobilization advance clause, which is interest free. Therefore, we 
do not see any incremental working capital for executing these projects. These projects are 
self-sustained. And the margins are expected to be around 11% plus at EBITDA level from 
these FGD projects. Also, there is a scope to improve further. That's because of our inherent 
strength in similar field. We will deploy need-based equipment in-house and new with a mix of 
additional CAPEX of Rs. 25 to 30 crores, which is part of our CAPEX plan for this year.  
 
The order backlog for the company as on today stands at Rs. 24,000 crore plus including MDO 
contract and Rs. 15,000 crores plus excluding MDO contract. Up-to-date, during the current 
financial year, the Company added new orders of Rs. 6,948 crores. 
For the entire year, now 
the Company has set target for reaching 10,000 crores of new orders additions or expect to add 
new orders of Rs. 3,100 crores for the balance period of current financial year.  As on today, 
the Company is already L1 for almost 1,500 crores of projects. 
 
The Company has strong visibility for its three years growth. During the current financial year, 
the Company is confident of converting order book to revenue of around Rs. 3,600 crores plus 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
conversion of revenue from this new FGD contracts. We will come with the revised target of 
revenue for the year in couple of days from the FGD schedule. 
 
For FY23-24, the Company is expecting to have opening order backlog of Rs. 14,000 crores 
plus. This is excluding MDO contract. The Company is planning to convert opening order 
book to revenue by around 38% plus during FY23 and '24. The MDO project is going as per 
our original schedule.  
 
After three years, the Company will consolidate its business model to sustain growth, and the 
focus will continue to be more on improvement of margins and cashflow. Post 30 months, the 
Company has opportunity of additional O&M contracts of Rs. 1,000 crores which will be 
executed over a period of 5 years. Yearly, it will add almost 200 crores plus in terms of 
revenue from this FGD order. And the O&M order is yet to be received. 
 
In addition, the MDO contract will start generating revenue. Moreover, the Company has built 
strong in-house credentials and PQs in the field of railways, water projects, road projects, 
international operations, material handling, cross-country pipeline etc. 
 
So, Power Mech will align its business model keeping opportunities in line with the NIP. Of 
course, operation and maintenance, both in power and non-power sector including 
international operations is expected to play a dominant pie in our overall business plan going 
forward also. 
 
The promoters are intending to infuse fund into Power Mech by way of preferential allotment 
subject to Board and necessary approvals. Power Mech needs non-fund-based limit mainly 
performance bank guarantee from various banks. Infusion of equity from promoters will build 
lot of confidence among the lenders and will also help a lot improving the external credit  
rating. It will range around 1.3 to 1.4% of pre-allotment equity base and subject to consent of 
the Board and necessary approvals which will come within couple of days. 
 
Now I request Mr. Ramaiah to add few more developments before we move forward to Q&A. 
Thank you. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Thanks, Satish, for your opening remarks and bringing out the various facts and the company's 
operations. Thanks everybody.  
 
I think on the marketing and business side, as you know the COVID is behind us, and that has 
obviously opened up the market in a big way, and that is obviously reflected in the results and 
the opportunities and the new orders the company is bagging. And last year, at the end of the 
year, we had a backlog of 8,855 crores, and the first quarter, about 775 crores orders have been 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
booked in the mechanical side 296 cr and in civil side 323 cr and then O&M side about 115 
crores. And that is taking into the backlog of conversion in the first quarter, the order backlog 
now stands at 8,883 crores. And there is a modest increase based on the first quarter inflow of 
the orders, about 8.6% in the  ETC business, and  in O&M the order backlog stands at 1,208 
crores, and then civil and infra, the order backlog is now 5,789 crores, and then electrical we 
are not adding much. It stands at 96 crores.  
 
Last year the first quarter, the order booking was 343 crores. This year it has gone up to 775 
crores. And the major orders which have been received are the Khurja coal handling. It is a 
very good opportunity. We are working with thyssenkrupp in partnership valued at Rs. 191 
crores. Then the Godda 800-Megawatt boiler, M/s. Adani Power has entrusted the job to us 
because of the works owing to failure of the existing contractor at about 110 crores. That is 
going in a fast-track basis. Then there was a FGD civil work we have taken up at North 
Chennai from BHEL 119 crores, and then sheds construction Dabhol from the Railways of  
opportunities  Rs.113 crores, and then O&M opportunities about 155 crores have been  
converted,  from that on bridge construction work of 50 crores and other civil works about 41 
crores.  
 
So, that is what the breakup of 775 crores. The major orders in the pipeline with L1 status are 
the FGD orders for the civil and mechanical installation jobs, about 1,950 Megawatts at 
Haldia, Chandrapur, Budge Budge. That is for the CESC Goenka Group. And we stand lowest 
at 870 crores for about 1950 MW. This is not EPC job, but it is the  site exclusion jobs along 
with civil works. And then Bangalore Metro, one depot construction is coming up and that is 
around 450 crores at Challaghatta. Then railway electrification jobs in Mangalore and Hassan 
about 88 crores, and then there is an O&M opportunity in Nigeria where we are already doing 
the installation job in Dangote. That's about 94 crores. So, these are the orders in pipeline.  
 
Then coming to the business segment analysis, the domestic business stands now at the 
balance order backlog of 8,361 crores compared to 8,212 crores last year, and the international 
not much is happening, because our focus has now fully in the domestic side because of 
various opportunities, it is 522 crores.  
 
The power sector business is around 43%, the order backlog 3,799 crores, and the non-power 
continues to play a key role, with Rs.5,084 crores. Now there are two distinct development 
scenarios which is going to give a big vision for the company in the next couple of years. One 
is the  mine development operation in Jharkhand. That is 9,294 crores for 25 years. With that 
the backlog will stand at 18,177 crores as on June. But barring this  mine development, now 
the new initiative which has happened in the FGD orders as Satish was speaking about 8,460 
Megawatts for about 15 units of 330 to 360 Megawatt,  for Adani Power  at various of their 
projects in Kawai, Mundra,  Tiroda,then Udupi ., that  the order has been received. And taking 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
that into factor this new order, the backlog has gone up to 15,056 crores, and that also boost up 
the power sector and the mechanical job presence in the business.  
 
And the domestic business has ballooned to almost 96% with a backlog of 14,531 crores. And 
the power sector business has jumped which was on the downward trend for the last couple of 
four, five years. And the backlog goes to 66% of the total order book of 15,056 crores and the 
non-power is 5,084 crores.  
 
This is a very good ground to take off and then have a vision for the next two, three years. 
Major works we are executing in Udangudi, civil and structure job 345 crores. Then Buxar 
Boiler for L&T 176 crores, Bhusawal civil and structure work 285 crores, Maitree major job in 
Bangladesh 855 crores, Yadadri for the 5 x 800 Megawatt and various packages in civil, 
mechanical coal handling 813 crores, Ramayampet canal about 373 crores, and then Sadalpur 
electrification 350 crores.  
 
And the major water projects which we are doing in UP about 2,775 crores, the present value, 
it can go up to plus 4,000 crores. Then road works what we are doing in Karnataka and 
Mizoram, about 780 crores. And then the latest job what we have taken from the Adani Group 
in the Khammam - Kodad road project in Telangana, 645 crores. And if we add up the FGD in 
the four projects, which is of 6,163 crores. 
 
So, this is where the company's focus will be in the next two to three years. And the O&M 
continues to play a role in our bottom-line growth and also contribution of the revenue 
generation. With the major presence in Singareni 343 crores, Tuticorin 2x600 Megawatt, 391 
crores. And then non-power jobs also we have taken the JSPL 66 crores, and then, Jharsuguda 
4 x 600 Megawatt, 387 crores. And then international also now the focus on the O&M side 
because we have done lot of installation jobs that we are executing for 100 crores of various 
maintenance and over haul jobs including manpower supply. This is the presence in O&M 
side.  
 
On the manpower side, the company continues to add people, as rightly said, both on the 
senior level and also the working level to strengthen the execution and oversight of the project 
execution, and it stands at about 32,000 with a contract labor of nearly 15,000. Some more 
additions have to take place to take care of the new order booking.  
 
And as far as the opportunities are concerned, without the FGD, we had a target of 4,000 
crores and with 1,500 crores in the L1 position and 775 crores perhaps, you know, we are still 
able to achieve those figures without the FGD. And if you add up the FGD, the order booking 
for this year can go up to 10,000 crores. Therefore, that should help us to understand at the end 
of 2023 assuming that the conversion of 3,600 crores can go slightly higher based on the  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Adani FGD order to plus 4,000 crores. The backlog by end of the next year, it should stand 
between 14,000 to 15,000 crores, and that is a very clear working model for us in the next 
couple of years. 
 
And then the major areas of the work are the drinking water project 2,775 crores, the road 
projects 1,350 crores, and then Adani Power FGD is about 6,163 crores, and then O&M jobs 
around 400 crores. And then I think the business as Satish has rightly said, we have aligned 
ourselves with the national infrastructure pipeline aggressive investments. That is reflected in 
our order flow in the last couple of two, three years. And if you look at the order flow in the 
last two years, in 2021 it was 4,638 crores. In 2022, it was 4,231 crores.  
 
And based on the projections including the Adani order, it is  possible we can get around 
10,000 crores in the current year, and down the line, obviously, the  NIP investments will 
continue to be bullish with various investments in infra side, railways, then minerals and 
mining, then  mine development, that is the major opportunity since we already entered there. 
In fact, Coal India is planning to undertake mine development operations for about 162 million 
ton.  
 
And then drinking water projects continues to be funded well, and out of 19.1  crore of 
households, 50% have been provided in the  the last couple of years, and we are working in 
about  3000 villages in UP under Jal Jeevan Scheme.  
 
One more area perhaps is a long-term mission can be the operation maintenance of the thermal 
power plants will undergo basic changes with the increased capacity addition into renewable 
power and by 2024-25, it is expected to go up to 450 Gigawatts installed base, and the end of 
the decade, the present PLF stands at 58%. It has come down. It will further go down to 30% 
to 40%. So, in a way, the thermal plants will come under lot of stress in operation & 
maintenance because of the within the generation mix of the coal and renewable power, and 
that obviously calls for different O&M practices. The company is gearing up for that with its 
huge presence in both 67,000 Megawatts of operating base and working at about 40 plants. 
And in fact, it is more than an opportunity for us to work under these adverse conditions in 
operating those plants because in many of these cases down the line, the power plants are to be 
operated on day and night basis that will add up to the O&M cost also. But in a way, in can be 
an opportunity.  
 
And railways are coming with big investments and we are already there. Perhaps with the 500 
crores of working orders what we are executing, another 450 crores expected shortly. And then 
railways is going for 500 numbers of multi-modal terminals, cargo terminals, and the station 
redevelopments.  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
And then the new opportunities what we are looking at is the metro project. Today, metro is 
going to be there in most of the A and B grade towns. And the total length has gone up to 702 
kilometers and it is planned to go up to 1700 kilometers. And the opportunity is 280 to 320 
crores per kilometer.  
 
And then roads I explained you already, the investment in this area is nearly 2 lakh crores, and 
there is a compounding growth of investment of 20%. And we are working in about 151 
kilometers of roads of 1,646 crores of orders.  
 
Then as far as the electrical T&D (transmission and distribution), yes, we are taking a view on 
that, how to proceed on that because of the competition. We have successfully completed the 
four projects, and we are working another four projects in Northeast, Bihar, and Bombay. And 
we are watching the opportunities. There is going to be substantial investments in T&D also to 
strengthen the grid and bring down the transmission distribution losses, investment of nearly 3 
lakh crores. And railway electrification is going to be a huge opportunity, and we have 
completed 640 kilometers of railway lane in the sadalpur section out of 727, and another 80 
kilometers we are bidding for that and hoping to get that.  
 
Therefore, this is what I can bring out about the opportunities, then order position and the 
marketing side. Yes. You can go for the next phase of the question-and-answer. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Abhishek from HDFC AMC. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek: 
So, first question regarding the FGD order that we have received. Some understanding on how 
the revenues will be booked in '24, '25, and also if you could give some understanding on the 
payment terms, how much is retention money?  
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I think this 6,163 crores will be spread over next 30 months, and the first year, we can expect 
about 10% of revenue. That is the maximum. Therefore, perhaps '23 and '24, you know, the 
revenue should be out of this,  50% should get converted. 40% to 50% percent. That can boost 
up the revenue, the other backlog of orders for the year '23-'24, because by the end of the year 
as I told, you know, 14,000 to 15,000 crores of backlog will be there, and that should give a 
vision of 4,500 to 5,000 crores of revenue beyond '23.  
Abhishek: 
And so, what is the retention money that we have agreed on?  
S. K. Ramaiah: 
It is around 10%.  
Abhishek: 
After a year of completion.  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
No, no, that is at the end of the completion. Then we can get that payments back. 
Abhishek: 
And sir, escalation clause and margins, how are those covered in this contract? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I think, they are in line with the market expectations and the competition, about 11% to 12%, 
and all the advantage for us is we got more value addition for our side because our operations 
are well grounded with our in-house equipment, supervision, and our own construction 
expertise. And what we have to focus is on the procurement side . Then working capital should 
not be a problem because we are getting the advances, and we are going to tie up on matching 
basis the payment terms with the suppliers also. That is how we are planning to execute this 
job. 
Abhishek: 
And I think the comment that was made earlier that next year you are looking at 38% 
execution on a 14,000 crores order book, opening order book which will be there. So, that 
would mean about 5,300 to 5,500 crores of revenue in '24. Is that understanding correct? And 
if you could comment on the execution capability ramp up, how the planning has been done at 
the company? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I think, that is a very interesting question. You see how the execution comes up based on the 
expertise as Satish explained has been brought out for the 23 years. In fact, in the last couple of 
years and even  during the COVID period, we have managed the projects much better than our 
competitors. That's why one of the examples I told, you know, the Godda project, the customer 
has removed the job from the other agency and given to us. Only the resource management 
what we are having it and the strong supervision base of nearly 6,000 to 7,000 engineers and 
supervisors are working online, on site.  
 
And then we have got a SBU-based project management approach of focused project 
implementation, and then delivery management, and the customer relationship.  And 
for 
us 
handling this many projects is not a challenge at all, because we are quite used to work in 
about 40 to 50 projects, and what we may need in this case maybe another modest increase of 
the manpower about 5% to 10%.  
 
And as far as the resources are concerned, we have got a lot of resources in terms of the 
execution that we built up for the coal-based power plants. In fact, we have got the excess 
capacity of the resources in the construction equipment that can be gainfully deployed for all 
these jobs. And the in-house capabilities in the civil works, and then structural fabrication 
erection works, that also stands good for us, and the erection  jobs is already our basic strength. 
And then O&M we continue to play a leading role. That's why we are preferred,  by customer.  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Therefore, I think from scaling up from 3,600 crores for current year, I think the existing 
resources little bit of modest addition, scaling up to 5,000 crores is not a challenge. Because as 
you know, earlier we were on the range of 2,000 crores. Now we are expecting to go to 4,000 
crores in the matter of three, four years, and that is how the company is scaling up its 
capability, resource management, and then optimal utilization of the resources.  
Abhishek: 
And regarding the operating margins, we had highlighted in the previous call that we would 
expect an improvement led by O&M, and also royalty cost is going to go down. So, when do 
we start seeing improvement in operating margin, sir? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I think, there's many of the projects which we are working on joint venture basis for 
consortium places are getting completed in another six months to one year. Then, you know, 
we will be better qualified to bid the project on a PQR basis, on a standalone basis. That should 
add up to our operating margins much better when we bid for the railways infrastructure jobs 
and many specialized jobs which we are working with others. And that is exact number at this 
stage we cannot factor it, but there is going to be some improvements in that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, a few clarifications. You mentioned that the revenue for '23 will be 3,600 crores, and 
revenue for '24 will be 5,000 crores, and bulk of the FGD execution which means will slow 
down to '24. Is that correct on the assessment?  
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I think that 3,600 crores was based on the order backlog of 8,855 crores what we built up in the 
beginning of the year, taking into account whatever orders we are going to build up in the 
current year also excluding the FGD orders, but with the FGD orders factored, you know, that 
should go up to or nearly 4,000 plus crores. And the next year, obviously, the backlog is the 
going up by end of the year because of the balance of the pipeline of the orders of 1,500 cores 
plus the FGD orders . That is how that projection has been given beyond '23, '24.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, my second question is you mentioned that on FGD, you got 10% advance, and there will 
not be any incremental working capital is the assessment. So, which means when you move 
your revenue from 3,000 to 5,000, the movement in your working capital, absolute working 
capital requirement is hardly any.  
S. K. Ramaiah: 
See it's not much. Why I can say is that, see, in this type of business, you also tie up back-to-
back terms with the suppliers, and the rest of the resources we are putting from our side itself, 
like in a construction site, and all those things. There is infrastructure inputs. Therefore, that is 
already available that doesn't need the investment. What is required is the ordering on the 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
supply packages, and those things we will try on a back-to-back basis with matching advances 
and all. That is how we are able to figure out without much of additional working capital.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, is this assessment correct, right? Whatever is the absolute working capital today, and when 
you move your revenue from 3,000 to 5,000, the absolute working capital requirement will not 
rise in sync with the revenue.  
Jami Satish: 
It will not. 10%  mobilisation advance which is interest free need, but will utilize the, see that 
this project is going to be self-sustained or cash neutral.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
It is cash neutral.  
Jami Satish: 
So, we don't envisage any additional funds pumping into this project.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
And, sir, my last question is, are these FGD orders one off, which takes you to these kinds of 
backlogs and revenue and post '24, we see a tapering off? Or do you see, you know, this higher 
base? Or what are the levers for this higher base sustaining? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I think,  you see, company has diversified a lot from what was 5 years back, 10 years back, and 
we are quite confident, you know. Of course, these are all one-time retrofit jobs. About 50% 
has been ordered. Balance 50% is in the pipeline. And  we are  targeting another 2,000 to 3,000 
Megawatts, and that also should help us.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
How many megawatts, sir?  
S. K. Ramaiah: 
About 1,69,000 Megawatts is identified retrofit. In that, 50% has been ordered already in the 
market. Balance 50% is under the ordering process. And these ordering will be completed in 
the next six months to one year perhaps. That is to keep the deadline. Maybe the deadline of 
2024 may not be fully possible. It can go up to another one or 12 to 18 months to take care of 
the balance order booking and execution.  
 
But your question, specifically, I agree. What will be without the FGD in future? I think, 
today, the company is into infrastructure area. O&M side we are expanding in non-power 
sector, in the international market also. And then in the railways, we have made a big presence. 
And railways investments are going to be continuous, and  they are investing more than 1 lakh 
crores  in each  year, and there are many jobs which are to our product or service profile, 
depots, maintenance depots, maintenance workshops, and then railway civil works. And 
therefore, railways is an area. Then road projects we have already established, and we are 
working with our own capabilities, and that will continue to play a role. Therefore, I agree, 
definitely, the opportunity is available.  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
And then more importantly, the private sector will be coming with big investments in state 
infrastructure, and then the mining and metal. And what I can say is that the mining is going to 
offer a lot of opportunities. Today we have taken a mining development budget of 5 million 
ton. Our plan is to increase to 15 to 20 million tons the next couple of years, one or two years. 
That should give us a lot of top line growth and also bottom line in terms of the O&M 
business. Perhaps if this MDO is once implemented from 2024, it should add up to 400 to 600 
crores of additional revenue on the O&M side, and we are looking another one or two projects, 
another 10 million ton. That should further take up the revenue to say 1,500 to 2,000 crores. 
So, we are having plans for filling up these gaps. We know these are all the opportunities. And 
then the infrastructure side, I don't think there is again any slowdown will be there. It is always 
going to be the upside only, the investment, and the company is rightly caught up with all these 
things. And that is how the order booking is coming. 
Jami Satish: 
This FGD has got the follow-up O&M of almost 1,000 crores. That's for five years. So, that 
will open 200 crores per annum. On top of that, this MDO project will stabilize. These two 
projects itself will add 1,000 crores top line after three years. So, that is once the FGD is over  
post three years will consolidate plus this 1,000 crores will supplement. On top of that, the PQs 
now what we have built in-house, that will help a lot in terms of bidding for larger projects. So, 
we will see that in terms of number of project because today we are operating 112 projects 
including O&M. So, we will see that the size comes down. Of course, O&M will continue. So, 
the number will be always larger. And based upon our PQs, we will target for larger projects. 
So, this will help a lot in terms of sustaining the growth going forward too. So, we will 
consolidate after three years where to move forward. And of course, the focus will continue to 
be on margins and cash flow because that is important.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, lastly, this out of 80,000 Megawatt which has been ordered, what is the megawatt that we 
have got? And our line of business here is largely mechanical, civil and erection including the 
equipment or without the equipment?  
S. K. Ramaiah: 
No, this job is a complete EPC job, 8,460 Megawatts for about 15 units of 330 Megawatt to 
660 Megawatt, and it includes engineering, procurement, construction, and civil, structural, 
mechanical works. And then the technology partner we are going to rope in there, and there in 
the key equipment for the process equipment for the absorption and the technology part of the 
FGD, that will be sourced from them, and rest of the installation work and sourcing we will do 
it ourselves. And the civil and structural installation we do completely. That is how the plan is. 
Therefore, it well fits into our business model.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead.  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Rohit Natarajan: 
My first question is more to do with the L1 that you have identified. It's almost like 1,500 
crores. Can you highlight on what exactly these orders are and when exactly it is expected to 
be part of our backlog? The 1,500 crore L1 order? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I told, you know, Yes, in this, there are about 7 FGD orders. Of course, with some EPC orders 
and ETC orders with Civil works. They are construction orders, about 1,950 Megawatts for 
about 870 crores, that is from the Goenka Group of CESC at Haldia, Chandrapur, and Budge 
Budge Stations, 250 to 350 Megawatt units. And then Bangalore Metro, we are L1 for about 
450 crores. And then railway electrification job in Mangalore and Hasan also about 88 crores, 
and then one O&M job in Nigeria where we are already doing the installation job for the 
Dangote.  
Rohit Natarajan: 
And sir, you also said that additional you are finding 3,100 crores kind of opportunity over and 
above what we have won so far.  
S. K. Ramaiah: 
No, what I said was that we had a plan about 4,000 crores. In that 775 has been already bagged 
in the first quarter. I am talking about excluding the FGD and then we are pursuing 
opportunities worth of nearly 17,000 to 18,000 crores of opportunities in power, civil, non-
power, electrical, O&M, water and then roads etc. Therefore, we are pretty confident maybe 
another 1,500 to 2,000 crores should happen apart from what is in order in the pipeline over 
and above the FGD orders what we have gained. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, one more question is on the fund infusion part that you are talking of preferential 
allotment. How exactly can this improve, if at all, any credit enhancement that you are thinking 
either in terms of bankers giving you better non-fund-based limits, fund-based limits? What 
exactly is the picture over there, sir, if you could throw some light on it?  
Jami Satish: 
See, normally, see we don't need funds. In fact, we are trying to bring down the funds base. So, 
what importantly required is non-fund in terms of bank guarantees and all. So, we have got 
close to 1,650 crore  of limit. Of that, the utilization is around 900 crores. So, we have kept the 
limit to support our growth. Any good project comes, so I should be ready to support the non-
fund based limits. So, this will help in terms of infusion from the promoters as a backup in 
terms of long-term equity. So, that gives lot of confidence to the bankers while they do the 
assessment for the non-fund limit. On top of that, that helps in terms of improving the internal 
credit rating for the bank. So, we can negotiate for better pricing and will also help for the 
external ratings.  
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, if I understand it correctly, say let's assume 100 crore is the order. You would typically 
require a 20 crores kind of your non-fund-based limit. Is that the right way to look at the non-
fund-based limit?  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Jami Satish: 
Now today it's ranging 3% to 10% project to project. So, on average, we can take 5% to 7% 
the PBG.  
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, 5% to 7% would include what all things like your EMD or maybe the performance 
guarantees? 
 Jami Satish: 
See the EMD when we quote for the project, normally, it ranges 1%. But once the contract gets 
award so that the EMD will be released. So, what continues is the PBG performance bank 
guarantee for 6% to 7% or maybe 5% to 7%. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
But what about the mobilization advance? What the client gives you, you will have to give 
some guarantee to that as well, right?  
Jami Satish: 
That depends because if we wanted to draw mobilization advance, it depends on the customers 
to customers. Either it comes as a upfront mobilization advance or milestone-based advance.  
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, when you say that you don't require much of increment in working capital, I thought 
maybe you are looking more to do play with very aggressively on this mobilization advance, 
so which means your need for non-fund-based limit will be much higher? 
 Jami Satish: 
Yes, if we draw, yes, we need.  
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, if I see that current unutilized limit maybe somewhere around 700 odd crore, and if I go by 
the 20% metric of non-fund-based limit, probably your limits are like largely exhausted, right?  
Jami Satish: 
No, see, not all the contracts we take the advance. For example, BHEL, every contract has got 
a clause of availing 10% mobilization advance. But we don't draw, because it carries 14% of 
interest. Normally, we don't take it. So, it ranges around 20% to 30% or 35% of the total 
projects. Not all the projects we avail that, and not all the projects will have that clause.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vivek Hinduja from Thrive Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Hinduja: 
Sir, I wanted to ask that in the first quarter we heard reports of income tax raids on the 
premises of the company including that of the top management and the promoters. If you could 
put some light on the same, it will be great. And also has the IT department given any 
monetary claim on the company as a result of these raids? 
 Jami Satish: 
Yes. See 13th July to 17th July, they had search under Section 132. It's a search actually, so 
different premises. Now the matter is going on Income Tax Department, whatever the 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
information they are asking, we have been providing. This they have come regarding some 
subcontractors pertaining to some projects where they had some concern. Okay. Even they 
have gone to multiple companies including Power Mech. So, we are providing all the 
information such till the matter is going on. It may take some more time. Of course, this will 
not impact as far as our operation is concerned, and we don't see any impact measure on our 
financials.  
Vivek Hinduja: 
Because sir, as per the media report, we heard about some incrementing evidence being found 
on the premises. So, if you could throw some light on the same or maybe give some 
clarification? 
 Jami Satish: 
Yes. See media even we have come across because I do not know where from they get 
information and all. But honestly, it's not that the case. Okay. Yes, it's completely speculative 
because the information sharing and all still going on. It's a continuous process. It may take 
another three to four months. So, we are supporting with all the desired information with 
regards to contractors, projects, wherever they are needed. That matter is going on. 
Vivek Hinduja: 
And no claim being made, okay, as of now?  
 Jami Satish: 
Because it takes time, it's the information flow and all, it will take time. We need to provide all 
the desired information to the satisfaction of the department. So, based upon the information 
flow, the case will be settled. So, it will take some time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Dixit Doshi: 
Firstly, one clarification from this FGD order of 6,100 crore. Does that include 1,000 crore of 
O&M? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
No. 
 S.K.Ramaiah: 
No, it excludes. It excludes.  
 Jami Satish: 
That 1,000 crores is in addition to 6,100 crores. That order yet to get. So, that will be a follow-
up opportunity to this FGD.  
 S.K.Ramaiah: 
After the commissioning.  
Dixit Doshi: 
So, we have not received that order. It will be tendered.  

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Jami Satish: 
It's been tendered. We are L1, but the awarding part, they are broken into two components. 
Immediately, they have given the FGD, the EPC part of 6,100 crores. The follow-up 1,000 
crores they will award later. That will be the opportunity of 200 crores per annum in terms of 
O&M.  
Dixit Doshi: 
My second question is regarding this MDO project of Coal India, MDO project. So, from when 
the revenue will start flowing in? 
Jami Satish: 
'24 Q4 onwards, sir. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Q4 FY24. And as on today, how much is the current and net debt or gross debt and net debt? 
Jami Satish: 
Today, we have got close to 490, and net is we have got deposits of 150, so around 340 crores 
net, which is expected to come down. 
Dixit Doshi: 
And one last question. As on today, how much would be the retention money on our balance 
sheet? 
Jami Satish: 
It's around 315 crores.  
Dixit Doshi: 
315, okay.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankur, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. Mr. Ankur, please go ahead with your question. Since there is no reply from the line of 
Mr. Ankur, we will go with the next question, and it comes from Faisal Hawa from H.G. Hawa 
and Company. Please go ahead.  
Faisal Hawa: 
So, my question is that in the order that we have now taken on, what is the ROCE and the ROE 
that we are targeting for the orders which have been taken in the recent 1, 1.5 years? And will 
you be benefited due to the current commodity decrease in three to four months? 
Jami Satish: 
Yes. See, these are  pure cash contracts. So, in terms of margins, it will range 11% plus. So, 
definitely, we don't need to invest much except the CAPEX of 25 to 30 crores. So, it will help 
a lot in terms of improving the both ROE and ROCE because we don’t intend to increase any 
debt. So, that will help to push ROE also. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And what is the ROE which will come ultimately say 1.5 years then? 
Jami Satish: 
Sir, it will definitely, my assumption is it should cross 18% to 19% plus blended, sir. 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Faisal Hawa: 
And, sir, we are looking at, you know, we are working to so many sectors. So, what is the risk 
management you are taking so that new approvals, new projects going back or some 
government intervention in those projects, does it affect the company? So, can you just list out 
key risk management principles or steps you have taken to really protect the company from 
going backwards? So, we are now being into many sectors. Many of them are unrelated 
sectors. So, what are the kind of risk management measures you are taking to avoid the 
company going backwards? 
Jami Satish: 
Sir, for our industry it's one, the execution. Second is the service. And the third one is the 
material component. And we step in as a contractor. So, normally, everything in place, then we 
step in. So, most of the risk gets automatically mitigated. Now service component, of course, 
the manpower plays a key role. So, we see that the price variation clause is well protected so 
that for any changes in the labor and all, we are well protected. And the second part is the 
material component. Again, we have seen last two years, there is abnormal changes in the 
prices. So, whatever little bit cost impact we had we have observed that now going forward the 
projects which we are quoting, we have taken a call unless and until it's self-protected in terms 
of price variation clause escalation. We are not bidding for those type of projects.  
 
And more importantly, once we execute and the payment part, the experience has been like 
once upon a time the receivable cycle used to be 45 to 60 days. That went up to 90 to 100 days. 
Now it's coming down to 75 to 80 days. And we are very particular about the customer in 
terms of the funding, the healthiness of the fund itself so that we are executing and we are 
getting paid on time. That's very important. So, excluding projects wherever the payment cycle 
is in the range of 60 days maximum. Of course, it goes up to 70, 75 days. The recent project 
has been always like all are like 30, 40 days maximum. So, the idea is to bring down the 
working capital cycle as much as possible. That is one of the areas where we are more serious 
about it. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, what is our order book ratio from government is to private? And how is the competitive 
intensity in government orders presently? Is it very competitive? And  even quoting less than 
the base price and how many orders have been lost in the last three to four months to very 
aggressive bidding? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
No, I think there are different segments in this. Mainly, the mechanical business, we are a 
leading player, and we will bid based on the margins what we can protect it. And as I told, you 
know, in some of the jobs, customer has terminated the existing contract given balance of work 
that has happened in Godda. Then we have got leadership in the installation business, 
mechanical business. And then civil side also, there are a few players are there. But even in 
that case, you know, in one of the jobs in Udangudi job has been terminated and given to us, 
275 crores. Therefore, the competition is there. We are able to manage the competition and 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
match with what is expected our cost and then our margins are there. And we have also 
particularly in the private side and the O&M side, we have got a preference because of our 
execution capability and conversion capability. And that's why we get a preference in the case 
of O&M side also and then in some of the private players also. But yes, the competition will be 
there in the government projects. You cannot avoid that. But there are lot of opportunities. 
Even if we can get a hit rate of 15% to 20%, it is okay for us, and we are prepared for that type 
of hit rate. That is what it is expected in the market when seven to eight players are there in the 
each of the segment.  
Jami Satish: 
And see Power Mech since inception is quite conservative. So, not taken any projects with 
undue risk. We are quite selective, okay. And the strategy always continues to be conservative. 
We are comfortable. We will take the order. If we see there are some risks where we are not 
comfortable in terms of execution and the customer or the location, left out of the projects. So, 
the approach of conservative will continue. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And what is our proportion from private orders to government orders? 
S.K.Ramaiah: 
You can take around 50-50. Of course, with this FGD order, it will, of course, change. We 
have to rework on that. That is how it is. Most of the infrastructure projects are in government 
sector. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Coal India also? 
 S.K.Ramaiah: 
Yes.  
Faisal Hawa: 
Because now we are doing pretty well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The line of Mr. Hawa got disconnected. We will take Rishikesh now from Robo 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rishikesh: 
One question from my side. If you could please provide EBITDA margin guidance for FY23 
and FY24? 
Jami Satish: 
Sir, now it's we are working around 11% to 12%, and we think that margin profile to improve 
further. And as we discussed like the projects which we are quoting directly, so it can help us 
to save in terms of our cost for borrowing the credentials and all. That will also help adding 
EBITDA margin. So, we are expecting the margin profile to improve gradually.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just wanted to check, what's current execution capability per month in rupees crores? 
 Jami Satish: 
Sir, now it's well set. It's in the range of 750 to 1,000 crores. It can be increased even up to 
1,200 crores gradually.  
Deepak Poddar: 
750 to 1,000 crores, up to 1,200 crores per annum.  
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Per quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Per quarter. Sorry.  
Jami Satish: 
1,000 crores per quarter. That is the range. Now for this FGD, we have created a separate unit 
headed by senior professionals. The team is well set now. So, this should gradually move up. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, the reason I was asking that is because, I mean, given the revenue outlook that we have for 
this year, ideally, given the second quarter is generally lean, so our second half execution per 
quarter should be close to about 1,200 crores, right? I mean, unless we have that, we won't 
kind of execute our annual target? 
Jami Satish: 
See in the four quarters, in any financial year, Quarter 3, Quarter 4 will be always robust. 
Comparatively, if you see, it has more Quarter 1, Quarter 2, it used to be in the range of 450 to 
500 crores. Now it moved to 600 crores, and now this has moved almost 750 crores, which is 
all time in the power mix journey. And Q4 last year we did close to 900 crores. So, this 900 
crores to 1,000 is well tested now. So, what we need to work s to improve further. Now we are 
working on the creating of the resources, infrastructure to sustain the execution. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, basically, since the 900, 1,000 crores we have already done, so incremental maybe 200, 
300 crores might be required by fourth quarter, I mean, by third, fourth quarter to increase your 
execution capability given the kind of outlook we have, right?  
Jami Satish: 
It's now 900 crores is it's already tested for quarter four last year. And this year the target what 
we have kept is more or less it's quite comfortable because the incremental you will see 
Quarter 3, quarter 4 will have more volume in terms of absolute number. Gradually, you will 
see that number going up further.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ankur, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur: 
My question is with regards to the notification given to the stock exchange today that there is a 
Board meeting for preferential issue to the promoters. Now, you know, the company is at an 

GnIWth Unlimitad
PlT
 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
August 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
inflection point. The profitability, revenue is going to be very, very good over the next two, 
three years. So, at this point, for the company to go ahead and do preferential issue to 
promoters is not really minority shareholder friendly. What would be nice if you have a rights 
issue which is given to all the stockholders of the company. If somebody subscribes, fine. If 
not, then promoter shareholdings will go up. So, that's my humble submission to the 
promoters.  
Jami Satish: 
Yes. We will take a note of it, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, we have reached the end of question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I think lot of things have been covered up. I think we have got a very clear vision for the three 
years, and then the issues which can come up after third year perhaps we are gearing up also in 
both in the marketing side, business development side, and then the most important the 
operations side. Therefore, Company is well set for 4,000 to 5,000 crores of turnover in the 
coming year. And what is important is to sustain the growth and then the new opportunities 
will be there in infrastructure, O&M, mining and then railway, and then international 
operations also we will focus it now as the COVID is behind us. Therefore, I think this growth 
story will continue for the next couple of years, and the operations wise we are fairly 
comfortable with the present setup what we are having it and adding the headcount, critical 
headcount, and also the capabilities wherever it is requirement in different areas, that should 
take care of our conversion and then working of the projects. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
