,...-1 Avanti 
n 
1 Feeds Limited 
August 26, 2022 
To 
The Deputy General Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001. 
BSE Code: 512573 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Aiding Sustainability & 
Reliability to Aquaculture 
To 
The Listing Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400051. 
NSE Symbol: AVANTIFEED 
Sub: Transcript of post earnings Audio Conference Call for Q 1 FY22 
* * * 
Further to our letter dated August 23, 2022, we enclose herewith the transcript of 
post earnings Audio Conference Call for Investors held on August 22, 2022 in 
connection with unaudited financial results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and the same is being uploaded on 
the website of the Company at www.avantifeeds.com. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Avanti Feeds Limited 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Joint Managing Director, 
Company Secretary & CFO 
Encl: As above 
Corporate Office: G-2. Concorde Apartments, 6-3-658, 
Somajiguda, Hydcrabad-500082, Telangana State, India. 
-.. +91 140123310260 /61 a +91 140123311604 
www.avantileeds.com 
avantihofaavantifeeds.com 
Registered Office, Flat No.103. Ground Floor, R Square, 
Pandurangapuram, Visakhapatnam - 530003, 
Andhra Pradesh, India. 
CIN: L 16001AP1993PLC095778 

呸1 Avant!' 
n if Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited Ql FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
22nd August, 2022, 04:00 PM IST for a duration of 60 mins 38 secs 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao 
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh 
Mrs. Santhi Latha 
Ms. Lakshmi Sharma 
Joint Managing Director, CS & CFO 
ED -Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited 
GM - Finance & Accounts 
Manager - Corporate Affairs. 

Moderator 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Krithika, moderator for the conference call. 
Welcome to Avanti Feeds Limited, Ql FY23 results conference call hosted by KFin 
Technologies Limited. We have with us today from the management Mr. C 
Ramachandra Rao, Joint Managing Director, Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh, Executive Director; 
Mrs. Santhi Latha, GM - Finance & Accounts and Ms. Lakshmi Sharma, Manager - 
Corporate Affairs. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, face signal and 
operator by pressing * and then O on your touchtone telephone. Please note this 
conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to the management. 
Thank you and over to you. 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Thank you, Krithika. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, we extend a warm welcome 
for this investors conference call to give you the unaudited financial results of Q 1 
FY23. Mr. Nikhilesh Alluri, Executive Director joining from online here along with me 
other team members .. The results of Q 1 FY23 along with the presentation of highlights 
circulated already is with you for some time now and we are sure that you would have 
gone through them. However, I would like to share with you some of the key indicators 
relevant for our discussion today. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR Ql FY23: 
Let me just give a review of that the company compared to performance of Ql FY23 
with that of Q4 FY22 and Q 1 FY22 have been given in the presentation already 
circulated. Gross income in Ql FY23 is 1,582 crores as compared to 1,348 crores in 
the previous quarter Q4 FY22. An increase of Rs. 234 crores which is by 17%. 
Compared to Ql FY21, gross income of Rs. 1,430 crores, there is increase of Rs. 152 
crores by 11 %. The PBT is Rs. 100 crores in Ql FY23 as compared to Rs. 121 crores in 
Q4 FY22, a decrease of Rs. 21 crores by 17% compared to Ql FY22, PST of Rs. 99 
crores. 
There is a marginal increase of Rs. 1.00 crore. The consolidated results indicate net 
impact of the pivoted factors such as increase decrease in income, expenditure and 
exceptional items etc., relation to feed in frozen divisions, which have been discussed 
in the following divisional performance of these units. 

STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS OF FEED AND PROCESSING DIVISIONS 
A. FEED DIVISION: 
Let me take up the standalone financial results of feed divisions for Ql FY23. The 
gross income for Ql FY23 is Rs. 1,311 crores as compared to Rs. 1,050 crores in the 
previous quarter of Q4 FY22 increase by Rs. 261 crores by 25% mainly increase in 
feed sale price during 2021-22. The gross income in Ql FY23 increased to Rs. 1,311 
from Rs. 1,257 crores in the corresponding quarter of Q 1 FY22 which increased by Rs. 
54 crores by 50% mainly due to increase in sale price 
The PBT Q 1 FY23 is Rs. 77 crores as compared to Rs. 102 crores in Q4 FY22 a 
decrease of Rs. 25 crores by 25%. The PBT in Ql FY23 has decreased to Rs. 77 crores 
from Rs. 93 in the corresponding quarter, a decrease by 17%. The decrease in PBT is 
due to increase in raw material prices. 
As you know, there are three major raw materials fish meal, soyabean meal and wheat 
crop which significantly impact the raw material cost of feed. 
During Ql FY23, fish meal average price was Rs. 111/ kg went up from Rs. 94 /kg in 
Ql FY22. The main reason appears to be ban on fish catch during May to July every 
year pushing the prices upwards. 
The average soyabean meal price is Rs. 66/kg during Ql FY23 as compared to Rs. 65 
in Q 1 FY22 and Rs. 63 in Q4 FY22. 
Average wheat flour price also increased to Rs. 26/kg from Rs.21/kg during Ql FY23 
compared to Ql FY22. However, of late wheat prices have been going up increased due 
to Ukraine war creating global shortage of wheat and an increase in export demand for 
Indian wheat. The prices of wheat flour have raised up to Rs. 29/kg prompting the 
government to ban exports of wheat from 13th May 2022. Presently, the price of wheat 
remains Rs. 31 /kg, even though the export ban has been imposed, still the prices are 
going up. The information is that there is a lot of stock available with the bigger 
traders, some sort of a voting is taking place that is why the traders are pushing the 
prices up. 
We don't foresee much decrease in the prices till the next crop, which will come only 
after 31st March next year. So, we don't foresee much fall in this price, we could have 
however, Rs. 29-31/kg. 

Increase in sales price of feed 
In spite of increase in the wheat price by Rs. 13.40 in FY22, 4 times increase Rs. 3.15, 
Rs. 4.25, Rs. 4, due to steep increase in raw material prices, the raw material cost 
increased by Rs. 15.10 paise /kg leaving a difference of Rs. 1.63 unabsorbed. 
However, in course of time, the prices of fish meal, soyabean meal and wheat flour are 
expected to stabilize with a marginal decrease due to actions initiated by the 
government in respect of soyabean meal and wheat. 
B. SHRIMP PROCESSING DIVISION 
The gross incomes of Ql FY23 is Rs. 273 crores as compared to Rs. 300 crores in Q4 
FY22, a decrease by Rs. 27 crores, 9% mainly due to RODTEP income of Rs. 16.29 
crores pertaining to 15 months' period recognised in Q4 FY22 and decrease in sales 
volume by 8%. In Q 1 FY23 RODTEP income pertaining to the quarter was recognized 
as compared to RODTEP income of 15 months i.e., Jan' 21 to Mar' 22 recognized 
during Q4 FY22. The gross income in Q 1 FY23 increased to Rs. 273 crores from Rs. 
175 crores compared to the corresponding quarter Q 1 FY22 an increase by 56% 
mainly due to increase in its sales volume by 33% in recognition of RODTEP income of 
Rs. 7 crores for the quarter April to June 22 (3 months). 
The PBT before exceptional items for the Q 1 FY23 is Rs. 30 crores as compared to Rs. 
21 crores in Q4 FY22, an increase by Rs. 9 crores represent 43% mainly due to 
increase in raw material cost. The PBT in Q 1 FY23 is Rs. 30 crores, increase from Rs. 
12 crores in the corresponding quarter Ql FY22. The PBT in Ql FY23 of Rs.30 crores 
is inclusive of Rs. 7 crores of RODTEP. 
Status of recalled of products by Frozen Division 
As you are aware, the company had to recall some of the consignments of cooked 
Shrimp products in Jun'21 (initial) and Aug'21 (expanded) found to be with Salmonella 
contamination, by USFDA and CDC in the recalled products. The Recalled products 
are not allowed to be brought back to India, and they have to be destroyed in US itself. 
As a result, the company is liable to compensate US customers for recalled products 
and related expenses of destruction charges etc., to the extent of the products return 
and destroyed. 
The company is also liable for reimbursement of medical and related expenses to the 
consumers who felt sick and underwent treatment after consuming the recalled 
products. 

PRESENT STATUS OF TERMINATION OF RECALL AND REINSTATING GREEN 
LIST STATUS 
I am happy to share with you that the USFDA has communicated the termination of 
recall on 25th May, 2022, paving way for focusing on value added product, enhancing 
the share of cooked products export to the US. 
The company has filed petition with USFDA for removal of "import alert" on import of 
cooked Shrimps products from the Company, as recall has been terminated. The 
company's petition is under process with FDA. 
I would like to assure the shareholders and stakeholders that your company gives 
utmost importance to food safety and compliance with regulatory requirements and 
leaves no stone unturned to achieve this objective. 
Insurance coverage 
The company's product liability insurance covering the medical and related 
expenditure mentioned above. However, there is no insurance coverage in respect of 
reimbursement of products returned and destroyed and also other related expenses 
such as Product Destruction, Call center, storage expenses, etc. This cost has to be 
met by the company. 
Provision in the Financial Statements 
The company has made provision in the financial statements in respect of the 
reliability for the return products. In Ql FY23 accounts, provision has made for a sum 
of the Rs. 5.30 crores as an exceptional item towards the value of returns destroyed 
products and other related expenses on actual basis as against Rs. 4.10 crores during 
Ql FY22. The status of provisions made in the financial statements so far on this 
liability and payments made against the liability as on 22°d August, 2022 is 
Total provision made (including the above) 
Less: Claims settled and paid 
Balance outstanding in the provision made 
Rs.32.80 crores 
Rs.17 .55 crores 
Rs.15.25 crores 
The above provisions in financial statement have been made on the basis of 
information received from the overseas customers from time to time, subject to specific 
repetition of the specific claims by the company. The payment is being made as and 
when the specific claims are received from the customer and after verification by the 
company. 

Since more than one year has lapsed, since the recall was made in June and August 
2021, the company presumes that further claims may not be received and may not be 
there in a significant manner, and the total liability will be to the tune of only about 
Rs. 33.00 crores for which the provision has already been made. 
Product liability claims 
As regards the claims for body injury caused by the consuming company's 
contaminated product, recalls, the company's insurer New India Assurance Company 
has appointed a surveyor for the processing of the claims. So far, the company has 
received 13 claims who has body injury, which have been forwarded to the insurance 
surveyor for processing. The total claim from 13 claimants is about USD 153,461 out 
of which USD 17 ,523 has been directly settled by the company and the claim has been 
made by the reimbursement from the insurance company. The balance claims are 
under scrutiny by the surveyor insurance company and also the audit team of the 
company. Since the liability has been covered, commercial general liability insurance 
policy, no provision has been made in the financial statements for this sort of liability 
claims. 
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW - THE FUTURE OUTLOOK 
The recovery from the impact of the COVID which affected global economy during the 
past two years has significantly improved, which is perceivable in growth of the global 
economy. We noticed that the performance of calendar year 2021 was much better 
than the calendar year 2020, and it is expected to be still better in calendar year 2022. 
As I shared with you in the previous Q4 FY22 review, I had stated that company is 
envisaging significant improved performance in the calendar year 2022 as the first 
season of shrimp culture started with the highly encouraging environment and the 
farmers commenced stocking in February and March 2022 in a big way compared to 
the previous year's first season. But, at the end of Ql FY23, in June, the production of 
the shrimp during quarter was not to the anticipated levels due to excessive rains. 
This is in some areas and not so encouraging farm gate prices, but bigger size 
compared to smaller size shrimps resulting in farmers resorting to heavy harvesting. 
The company estimates that India would be able to produce about 8 - 8.5 lakh MT of 
shrimps with an estimated consumption of about point 12.5 - 13 lakh MT of shrimp 
feed. 

SHRIMP PRODUCTION AND FEED CONSUMPTION IN FY22 AND COMPANY PLANS 
FORFY23: 
Shrimp Feed consumption 
The Shrimp Feed consumption in India increased to 12 lakh MT in FY22 as compared 
to 10.50 lakh MT in FY21 and is expected that the consumption would further 
increase during FY23. 
The company's feed sales during FY22 was about 5.41 lakh MT as compared to 4.73 
lakh MT in FY21. It is expected that FY23, would be around 5.70 lakh MT with an 
increase of about 6%. The company is expected to maintain its market share to 48% - 
50% 
As the demand of Shrimp Feed is expected to increase, the company has almost 
completed setting up of new shrimp feed manufacturing facilities in Varadapuram 
with annual installed capacity of 1,75,000 MT with a CAPEX of Rs. 125 crores. The 
plant is ready in all aspects awaiting certain governmental clearances. The new facility 
is scheduled to commence commercial production in September 22. 
Shrimp Processing & Export 
The Shrimp production and export from India increase to 7.50 lakh MT in FY22 as 
compared to 6.50 lakh MT in FY21. It is expected that the Shrimp production would 
further increase to 8 lakh MT - 8.5 lakh MT in FY23, an increase of about 13%. 
The company's shrimp exports during the FY22 were 12,836 MT as compared to 
11,518 MT in FY21. It is expected for FY23 would be around 14,500 mts, an increase 
of 13% as follows. 
Avanti Frozen is in the process of expanding preprocessing, main processing and cold 
storage as detailed below: 
1 
Pre-processing 
facility 
in Completed 
and 
awaiting 
final 
Gopalapuram 
(adjacent 
to 
the approvals to 
start Pre-processing. 
existing Processing plant). 
Capex of Rs. 11.43 crores. 
2 
New Cold Storage at Yerravaram Work is in progress and the estimated 
Processing plant with 2000MT 
cost is Rs. 17. 60 crores 
Capacity. 
3. 
New processing plant and 
cold Land acquired. Civil works to be 
storage 
lil 
Krishnapuram, 
East commenced. The Estimated cost is Rs. 

Godavari District with 7000MT p.a. 
49 crores. 
capacity. 
With this, I would like to conclude with a positive note that the Aquaculture industry 
is poised for a relatively improved performance in 2022 compared to 2021. With this, I 
would like to take a break with a question-and-answer session. 
Moderator 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and 
wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you 
may do too by pressing * and 1 again. I repeat, ladies and gentlemen if you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. First question comes to us 
from Adithya from Purnatha. Please go ahead. Mr. Aditya has withdrawn the question, 
so I am moving on to the next question. Next question comes from Trilok Agarwal from 
Diamond Asia, please go ahead. 
Trilok Agarwal 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. I could not understand the reason for 
not so strong growth in the shrimp field in the quarter gone by and could you also talk 
about any inventory you know sort of high costs inventory that you guys had and that 
has an impact on the margins in the Q 1. 
C Ramachandra Rao 
See, I explained while you know giving the performance review that the expectation 
was very high in fact for this quarter, because the April, May and June, the normally 
the main season and at the beginning the climatic conditions and the price and 
everything was very good and it was started in a big way, but somehow from May 
onwards, there was excessive rains. So it was something like early monsoon and a lot 
of floods and all were there. And some parts had the diseases also. And also, the other 
thing was seen what happened the prices of the big size shrimps did not go up as 
expected while the small size shrimps' price was very good. So, most of these farmers 
resorted to early harvesting so that they get a better price margin because as you grow 
bigger size, the prices were not attractive. 
So, they sorted for that early harvesting all this put together, the doors started well, 
our expectations were high, the actual the sale of feed was less by maybe 10 to 15% 
than what we expected. So, however, the positive again is that in now the prices are 
very good, the farmers are very enthusiastic to start. So those who have resorted to 
early harvests and all, they have already started stopping; stopping is going on well. 

The indicator is that we are our starters are moving very fast going now that we 
expected this second season, normally it will be my lesser than the first season. 
But if the conditions are good in the second season, that is now the August, 
September, October. By October, we should be able to get a good crop to be better 
than corresponding quarter of the last year. That is Q3 and it will be very good. That's 
what we are expecting that Q2 - Q3 would be a better production compared to the 
previous year. Overall, See, the one thing is very clear that because of the earlier 
season there were some shortages in the total production and consumption that we 
made up to some extent in the second season. 
Overall, we expected last year we did about a 5,40,000 around that we expect that it 
will be around 5,70,000 or 5,80,000, which we thought that we'd be able to go up to 6 
lakhs that's what we had estimated, but it may not be possible now because the rest 
of the year next 4-5 months, we are the whatever consumption taking into account we 
should end up somewhere around 5,70,000 - 5,80,000. That would be a reasonable 
estimate for the rest of the year is what it is that is the reason. 
Trilok Agarwal 
Okay. Thank you for the detailed answer and just to know your comment on the 
margin about the inventory that you had or was there any problem you are caring for 
the soyabean and fish meal. 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Just to share with you the present fish meal price is around Rs.102 which came down 
a little it went up but now because from August, September. We are expecting that we 
should be able to have more catches, fish catches. So, it will stabilize around in any 
case, we don't foresee much fall it will be around Rs. 96 - Rs. 97 is less than Rs. 100 
that could be a reasonable estimate of the fish meal price for the rest of the year. 
That's what we're expecting around Rs. 96 - Rs. 97 should be the stable price for the 
rest of the year. Coming to the soyabean meal, it is around Rs. 62, the GST on 5% 
again is coming around to Rs. 65 again here see the as it stands today the crop is 
good. 
The sowings have been very good in Indore, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra also. 
There should be good production of soya meal. But however, a lot of things depend on 
that. Number one, the policy of the government how they're going to allow the imports 
or exports or whatever it is, even now they seem to be a lot of holding taking place. If a 
new crop comes in the month of October, November after the sowing, with that the 
prices should come down, but that is again, I would say, we have to fix fingers 
crossed. 

It is a million-dollar question how much price could come down? It will be around, see 
if it settles down around Rs. 61-62 it should be a good price for the rest of the year. 
And coming to the wheat flour; something you know some surprising things are 
happening in wheat trading, wheat exports, wheat flour, wheat products and all says 
the government has been changing its policy often. Once they set low barriers for 
export of wheat and wheat products, then within less than maybe I think 20-25 days 
they imposed ban on export of wheat as such. Then they allowed that all wheat can go 
except certain specified wheat like Maida and all should not go. Then again, they said 
the ban was put on that also. 
Now, the government has come up with a policy that there is the inter-ministerial 
committee has been set up that every export is allowed, but subject to clearance from 
this inter-ministerial committee. So, they have given the responsibility to that, so, like 
Commerce Department, Agriculture Department or Finance Department, which is 
consisting of these representatives, so, they decide, how much should be exported it 
on case-by-case basis, they decide permissions are given only address that permission 
is allowed to be exported. So, the situation is quite fluid, dicey and you don't know 
how things are going to take shape in future, but, however, we are seeing that with the 
restrictions, we hope that the government will not allow much of exposure and bring it 
down to the anticipated price stabilization in the range of Rs. 29-30 for the rest of this 
year. 
I hope that is going to be the wheat flour price. In General, prices for high packaging 
materials are skyrocketing. But the chances of coming down is very remote, we are 
trying to match the pricing while simultaneously arguing that the government should 
allow us to increase the price. We have discussed this with the manufacturers 
stressing the government; you may recall that the recent price rise of Rs. 2.56 paisa 
had to be rollback by the Government of Andhra Pradesh. 
They permitted us to come for a review at the time, and they did so again in August. 
Now, however, we have requested a review from the government to permit us to 
increase the price. We must wait and see how the government makes its decision. If 
we are lucky, we can get government pricing fees approved, and then we should be 
able to bring back the margins that are far better than what we have exhibited so far 
in the last quarter. That's the scenario of raw materials and fish price Mr. Agarwal. 
Trilok Agarwal 
Sure Sir, Thank you very much for the detailed answer. Thank you. 

Moderator 
Thank you, Sir. Next question comes from Nitin Awasthi from Incred Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Good morning, Sir. I have a few questions. The first question is the inventory that we 
had during closing of the financial. year which is Q4, and all that inventory being 
exhausted in the current quarter? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Yeah, it is exhausted. You can actually just go to the next question. Meanwhile we try 
to figure out what is the inventory of Ql. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Okay. The next question is you have quoted the fish meal prices today, soya meal 
prices today. During the quarter what was the fish meal prices book roughly around 
per kg and soya meal prices. 
C Ramachandra Rao 
During the quarter, the average price of fish meal was Rs. 111, wheat flour was Rs. 26 
and soya price was Rs. 66. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Thank you. Sir, the next question I have is right now wheat prices seems to be a major 
concern and our wheat quality that is there in India is superior and the prices of that 
is higher. So, are we petitioning the government as an industry to allow us to import 
GMO wheat because that will be available at a much cheaper rate? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Mr. Nitin, as we can see India is the second largest producer of wheat in the world. 
So, we are producing a lot of wheat. And in fact, we are in a position to export. I mean, 
there is a petition already with the government to import, but it has got a customs 
duty of 40% on the import wheat, if 'I'm mistaken, will be corrected. So, it has to be 
balanced. The wheat production in India is very good, we are getting the sufficient 
wheat production not only for the consumption, but also to the stocking level, but 
normally the standard policy is about 3 years. As you rightly said, definitely, GMO 
seed much better than the non GMO seed which is grown in India. 
So in terms of impact, specifically in the case of soyabean meal price, when the import 
was allowed, we booked the purchase because the pricing was in dollars, which came 
to about Rs. 65-70 at the time, now, the dollar price is Rs. 79-80. So it is natural the 

prices will go up. Even while we can still hedge, it cannot happen unless we know the 
exact date of the arrival maybe plus or minus 1 week. 
The thing is that the imported raw materials whatever it is, soyabean meal or wheat, it 
is again subject to so many factors and the policy of the government. Initially, we 
believed that the government would allow import, but they may forgive the 40% 
customs fee that was stated in Delhi because we had to wait for it to be imported. I 
don't know, because it is very difficult to get what is going to be the weak import policy 
of the government. 
As of today, the wheat production is good, but for the export things would have been 
very good because, we are getting anywhere between Rs. 21 to Rs. 23. Suddenly, it has 
gone to Rs. 32. Therefore, a Rs. 10 increase has occurred there, which is why the 
government decided to export wheat as a result of the programme, many big houses 
cornered the entire harvest and storage in warehouses thereby, creating an artificial 
shortage driving the prices up. So, such things can be controlled. 
Definitely, I think the prices should be around the ideal prices of Rs.27-28 should be 
pretty comfortable price for Indian wheat and currently, the benefits of using import 
wheat are not great because of the bad currency volatility. That is the reason, I believe 
that the government may effectively stabilise the industry by fostering appropriate 
policy and not allowing the trader to hold for longer than a month, or something 
similar. We hope that representations are being made and that this will be stabilized; 
there are some instances that can be brought up that can surprise us. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Yes, Sir, got it. Last question from my side on the industry. We are seeing a very 
disturbing trend in the import export data which is India started to import raw shrimp 
from Ecuador. Quantity is very small as of now for processing, but it just that it's a 
very disturbing trend what is your outlook on that? 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
Could you come up again with the question? 
Nitin Awasthi 
What was the import export data is showing us is that India started to import last 
month, shrimps from Ecuador, raw stream for processing, and this can hamper our 
whole company and the complex of the feed industry, maybe the processing industry 
is good for that. But for the feed industry, this could be very very negative. So, your 
thoughts on this, like you see the trend gets stronger? Do you see it getting more and 

more viable? Because if it happened last month, it was definitely viable. But you know 
the industry better and hence, what are your views on the thing 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
Nitin, I don't think it's a long-term risk, because Ecuador's product, as such, a lot of it 
is going into China. So maybe some of the countries coming into India. But there's no 
trend as such to import products from Ecuador and we thought it's not I think maybe 
it was just a product that came in which was rejected from China and came into India 
because it's closer, but I don't foresee. 
Nitin Awasthi 
Okay Sir, thank you for answering all the questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you, Sir. Next question comes from Depesh Kashyap from Equirus Capital, 
please go ahead. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Hi Sir, thanks for taking my questions. Sir, just wanted to check on the guidance, 
because I think you said the feed sales in this year will be around 5.7 lakh tonnes. So 
just wanted to check whether that's the calendar year, you're talking about the FY23? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
We go by the calendar year only. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Okay, got it. So, obviously, for FY23, the growth can be better because the new 
capacity is going to come and obviously got it and also given the current Raw Material 
prices that you talked about and the I think Rs. 2.25 rollback rate that you did in 
June July right on the feed price. So, how is the current margin trending? Are they 
like, better than the Q 1 would even worse than that? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
No, I think it is more or less the same, because we believed that the Rs. 2-2.25 would 
take care of the recent increase, which must be rolled back because it was a 
government decision. Because of a modest decline in some of the raw materials during 
the event, it has returned to the same state and the margins had little impact. 
Additionally, the average variance will only be between 5% and 10% it won't be higher 
than that. 

Depesh Kashyap 
Okay Sir, any try of industry to increase the prices or the government is not allowing? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
That's what Depesh, we have approached government because you know, that there is 
actually the government is taking an active part in deciding these things. So, last time 
when we increase it immediately, there were numerous representations from farmers 
and/or the government, and the government brought all the parties to the meeting 
and requested us to roll back the price with the assurance that they would review the 
situation again in August and, if necessary, would permit an increase. 
So, on that basis, we have gone to approach the government again. If things work out 
in our favour, it would be really beneficial for us. It will benefit us much by drastically 
stabilizing the cost of raw materials. I think we should be much better in Q3 and Q4. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Understood Sir, and also the USFDA part like you talked about. So, just want to 
clarify because the voice was breaking that the normal shipment has started or still 
you are waiting for some approvals for the value of a product. 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
So, the recall has been ended as such or the criteria of another recall have been 
eliminated, in which case we are not prohibited from sending the cooked shrimp. So, 
we continue to put some products to the US. Right now all the necessary 
documentation submitted earlier this month. So, we're waiting for FDA to review it and 
if they have any questions they comeback. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Understood, and lastly, Nikhilesh, we know about the supply issues that are 
happening in India, but any colour on the demand like, do you see any pressure on 
demand from US or Europe? 
Alluri Nilµdlesh 
The overall demand, I would say is mildly towards a weak side. But we need to see 
how the holiday and new year sales go. However, since the sizes are acceptable, we 
stop there. In the third and fourth Quarters, there was a noticeable increase in 
demand for specific sizes. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Got it Sir, thank you. All the best. 

Moderator 
Thank you, Sir. Next question comes from Ankur Arora from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Arora 
Good evening, Sir. One question on any longer term, our market share in the feed 
business has been stagnated on 50% for a while. We have been gaining market share 
right from 2011-2012 all the way till 2018-2019 all and then tentative feed to a level of 
50%, which is what you're maintaining for this year as well. What's our medium-term 
outlook on that? Do you think there is room to gain additional market share or move 
toward 60%? I mean, do we think that 50-52% is likely the kind of peak that we can 
reach? How do you see that? What are the internal challenges and what is internal 
target for that? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
The target is always to go up to 60% of each year, but we cannot target like that. But 
the question when we said 48-50%, see when the overall market consumption itself, 
feed consumption is coming down, our issue, if you look at that, it will be more than 
that. So, 48-50% is the standard that is a minimum that we strive for, our endeavor is 
to always go for another 2-3% by conversions. I don't want to commit anything on this 
because there are a lot of conversions going on. So, we expect that it should cross. 
That's what we are expecting this year. Because of the expectation for the first crop, if 
we succeeded, we would have easily passed 50. But the second half now its second 
season, if we are able to, we're hoping to make it up and bring it to above 50%. By 
setting a target in this manner, we should be able to meet the 1-2% goal we set. That 
will be known only after Q3. 
Ankur Arora 
The question which I'm trying to understand see, there are challenges which has gone 
in the first half and the first season was there for everybody else. The question really 
becomes the conversion, how much market share you can move from other people to 
yourself? The overall industry growth, but today we can't change the industry growth. 
But how much market share you can capture from the competitor is what is what is 
really your control to some extent. How are you looking at that, what are the steps 
which we taken to get the market share from the competition? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Mr. Arora, let me tell you. See, there was a situation in the first season when we were 
unable to supply because the expansion plan was in progress. There was some 
unexpected delay so that was the reason why we could not increase it apart from the 
market. This was also one of the reasons because we could not meet the demand on a 
day-to-day basis. We were awaiting, because there were certain reasons why the 
project also got delayed because of the shipments. Some capital equipment did not 

come in time. Some reason or the other where it got delayed. If we had finished a 
month earlier, the government would have taken effect in September. We will be 
prepared in August, but we must first have certain government approvals. In fact, if 
we had finished a few months earlier, the first season would have also received a 
sizable portion of the market. And we are definitely in the second season, we'll make it 
up, it will be definitely more than 50%. 
Ankur Arora 
By that logic, you will be able to use that full capacity in the second season because 
1,75,000 additional would come in. In FY23 we'll get the market share we have, but in 
next year, you expect to reach a market share, which is significantly higher than the 
current year number? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Market share always our market keeps increasing, in fact, is what I'm telling maybe 
we'll be able to be more clear on conversions that are taking place, just now, we've got 
an information that lot of farmers are coming to our feed now. Fresh season now has 
started, second season. You see, much as in business, if we have 40 farmers visit our 
site, then there will also be 5 or 6 partners leaving as well. 
We have to take net, the percentage always keeps varying. So, we will know at the end 
of the season what is the total consumption of the total area and how much was 
Avanti Feeds then we will be able to determine the exact percentage. So, what we are 
expecting is that it should be more than 50% maybe 52%, By the end of the second 
season is what we are expecting. 
Ankur Arora 
And similar momentum will be hopefully maintained it next year as well, right? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
It is always our endeavor. That is the rationale behind our continued commitment to 
maintaining the high calibre of the feed and technical assistance that we offer to 
farmers. But you know, certain things do happen. Just as we anticipated, the first 
production with an enlarged capacity would be made accessible during the very first 
season. But the first season has ended, and we could not take advantage. There was a 
demand. Therefore, even if there has been a general decline, there was a greater 
demand for our goods, and this is why there has been a 50% increase. Only after you 
make up for that increase will what you are claiming about 52% or 53 percent occur. 
Ankur Arora 
Understood. Thank you very much. 

Moderator 
Thank you. Next question comes from Aditya Soni from Pumatha. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soni 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. So, I just wanted your help in modelling the cost 
structure. So, generally you know, 80% of our sales are COGS. In that can you just 
give the breakup of raw material cost of soyabean, wheat flour, and fish meal, like 
what percentage is each of them? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
You know the fishmeal price will be around Rs. 107 rupees, l mean percentage I 
cannot give you. I can only give you the price, but not the percentage in the overall 
cost. 
Aditya Soni 
So, Sir, in your last quarter, you told that 60% of your raw material costs is soyabean 
and wheat flour. So, is my understanding correct about that? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
There are three raw materials. One is fishmeal, other is soyabean meal, and the third 
one is wheat flour. These three products constitute a significant part of our total cost 
of production. That is available in financial statements, this information is available. 
Aditya Soni 
I just wanted to know what percentage each of them is. 
C Ramachandra Rao 
No, we can't reveal that. That is a formulation. It is confidential information; we 
cannot give it. 
Aditya Soni 
Sure Sir, I understand. My second question is that you still feel as certain that the 
feed plant will operate at full capacity when you feed plant 1,75,000 MT? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
See 1,75,000, you know you can't take 1,75,000 the total, the output will go like that 
every month, so we have to look at the broader picture. If you take the one-year 
production, it may end up in 80-90%, it will not be 100%, because offseason in the 
month of April, May, June, July, August, September, October you will have full 
production when it comes to November, December, January, February, it will be less. 
So, we have to average that. Average annual capacity utilization will be around 80%. 

Aditya Soni 
So, if I just calculate 80% for 6 months or so, from October to March. So, can I 
reasonably assume that 6,30,000 MT of volume will sell in FY23? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Yeah, definitely the target is to achieve the 6,30,000 MT. It also depends on the 
consumption. As I told you in the first season, there was an early harvesting, where 
the smaller size shrimps were harvested. So, then if the farmer allows the full season it 
go up to say 20 counts, 25 count, 30 count and all, you get more feed consumption. If 
he harvests at 60 counts, you still have the crop, thus consumption will naturally 
decline. So, these are all the dynamics which will work on the total capacity 
utilization, consumption etc. in tonnage. So, the entire thing is interdependent. So, we 
hope, see again why the price is not growing it depends on the farm gate price. 
The farm gate pricing is significantly more appealing if he purchases shrimp at 60 
count than larger sizes, such as 30 count or above, therefore he questions the need to 
wait for 30 count, because he has to use a lot of feed consumption and you are 
exposing to lots of the climatic risks and all. The farmer will sell it if he is currently 
making a big profit. He thus gathers it and sells it. So, it all depends on that. So, by 
and large, we try to maintain our feed sales targets, whether they are conversions or 
increasing our share in the market. New farmers coming in, conversions happening, 
all the things put together, we take the estimate of the feed sales. 
Aditya Soni 
Yes, thank you. So, one last question. If you don't mind me asking. Fishmeal price 
from Ql FY23, which was Rs. 111/kg, it has now fallen to Rs. 102/kg. 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Yes, it is. 102 plus 5% GST. It is 107. 
Aditya Soni 
It was Rs. 111 to 107 is what you're saying? That is the reason why there's no 
significant decrease yet and our margins have not changed? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Yes, exactly. 
Aditya Soni 
So, you've told you've taken a rollback of price increase of Rs. 2. So, will that further 
affect the margin? 

C Ramachandra Rao 
No. What you are witnessing right now might not have an impact on the margins. 
Aditya Soni 
Ok, Sir. We're going to maintain margins this quarter. So, one last question I had to 
ask. So, I was just looking at the, so earlier analysts also asked the question, but if I 
just look at the growth of Ecuador shrimp, they are growing at a very fast rate. So 
don't you think eventually Ecuador shrimp will start replacing Indian shrimps and 
take away the market share from us? 
Alluri Nik.hilesh 
I would like to say that India has been for the last decade the most competitive shrimp 
producer in the world. Our shrimp prices are more competitive than countries like 
Vietnam or Thailand. So, J think risk could be greater on these countries than India. 
Yes, Ecuador's production is increasing. But again, the country is not as big as India. 
Workforce is not as much as India. I think there market is niche compared to India. 
Aditya Soni 
Ok, Sir. Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you, Sir. Next question is from Jasdeep Walia from Clock Vine Capital, please 
go ahead. 
Jasdeep Walia 
Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. So, my question is on the recent 
price cap, which has been imposed by the AP government. So now, that does it mean 
that in future now, if the industry has to take a price increase, it has to you know get 
approved by the government and without that, without the government approving the 
industry cannot take a price increase? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Absolutely not. Although it is free and we have the opportunity to adjust the price, we 
always consider the big picture. We reached a compromise since the government 
contacted the feed makers when the price of feed increased and farmer representation 
objected to it. But there is no control mechanism as such in Andhra Pradesh or 
anywhere in the country, it is a free open market. But in all due respect to the 
governmental mechanism and what their interests and our own interests, all put 
together, we try to accommodate them. It is not mandatory. 

Jasdeep Walia 
Got it, Sir. You were saying earlier that, you know, to take a price increase, the 
deliberation with the government has to happen in August, right? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Yeah, the discussions have started. We'll have to wait. But sometimes, maybe in 1 
week-10 days, we should be able to know the response from the government. We keep 
that relationship going because the processes involving the governments, the farmers, 
and the feed manufacturer all fall under that. We are constrained by a number of laws 
and norms. And we have to cooperate with the government in their efforts to, in the 
interests of the farmers they're asking. 
It is not mandatory or a regulatory mechanism that the governments insists to reduce 
or increase the prices. But we cooperate with them because in the larger interest of the 
society and also the government's you know, and endeavour to help the farmer. 
Jasdeep Walia 
And so, what is your stance on the level of Shrimp farmer profitability as of now, given 
the high prices. 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Pardon me. 
Jasdeep Walia 
I wanted your view on the level of shrimp farmer's profitability as of now versus past. 
Is it significantly below normalized levels or farmers are making as much profits as 
they usually do? 
C Ramachandra Rao 
Now it is very good profits. With this price, the prices of smaller shrimps are better, 
they're getting more profit on smaller shrimps as of now. So, we have to wait for bigger 
size also to get better price. So that there is some sort of uniformity, and we are more 
interested in bigger size, because the feed consumption will also go up. But at the 
same time, we have to look at the market, global prices of bigger and smaller size and 
the demand for them. As of now, the farmer is making good profits at the present 
price. 
Jasdeep Walla 
Got it, Sir. And my last question, given this inability to take price increase in AP what 
percentage of industry could be making losses as of now? 

C Ramachandra Rao 
No, I cannot answer that questions, because you ask me about our company, I will 
answer. But you know, it all depends upon so many factors, if you ask me about our 
company, I can answer you, not about the other competitors. 
Jasdeep Walia 
Got it, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, we would like to 
come to the end of this conference. On behalf of KFintech we would like to thank the 
entire team of Avanti Feeds for giving us the opportunity to host this call. And we 
appreciate the interest from the investors and analysts for the participation. Thank 
you. And if you need any further information, you may connect Mr. Sahil Shah of 
KFintech shail.shah@kfintech.com. Thank you for using Door Sabha's conference call 
service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good evening, 
everyone. 
Note: 1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
