 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
   
 
30 August 2022 
 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI-400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation U/R 30 of the SEBI(LODR) Regulations -  Transcript of Q1 FY23 Conference Call 
Ref: Stock Code: NSE: SHILPAMED/BSE-530549  
 
In furtherance to our intimation dated 23 August 2022 & 25 August 2022 with regard to the Q1 
FY23 Conference Call held on Wednesday, August 24, 2022 at 03:45 PM IST, please find the 
enclosed transcript of the call. 
With Regards, 
For SHILPA MEDICARE LIMITED 
 
 
Ritu Tiwary 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
 
SHILPA MEDICARE 
Q1-FY23 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL TRANSCRIPT 
AUGUST 24, 2022 
 
 
Mit Shah 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to the concall hosted by 
management of Shilpa Medicare to discuss the quarterly performance and 
strategic initiatives underway.  
The management is being represented by Mr. Omprakash Innani – Chairman 
of Shilpa Medicare; Mr. Vishnukant Bhutada – Managing Director; and Mr. 
Alpesh Dalal – Chief Financial Officer. 
Mr. Vishnukant Bhutada will lead the discussion with the thoughts on the 
business model and strategy. He will be followed by Mr. Alpesh Dalal who 
will elaborate on the financial performance. There will be an opportunity to 
get queries addressed at the end of the opening remarks from the 
management.  
I would like to state that certain statements made on today's call could be 
forward-looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard is 
mentioned in the earnings presentation which is available on the stock 
exchange's website.  
I would like to invite Mr. Vishnukant to take the discussion forward. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir.  
Vishnukant Bhutada Thank you. Thank you all for joining us on this call to discuss the first quarter 
performance of Shilpa Medicare and discuss the strategic development 
associated with the business. I hope that each of you is doing well and 
keeping safe. We have started this new initiative to keep in touch with all of 
you and provide regular updates about our operations.  
 
I will try to give some brief introductions of our business and share my 
thoughts on the growth initiative and planned development, and then we 
will cover the highlights of the latest performance.  
 
 

 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Introduction of the Shilpa Group 
 
We have various segments like API, formulations, the film formulation, 
biologic. So, I will take one by one where the most important and the oldest 
was the API. In API, we were working majorly on the onco, non-onco, 
peptide, polymers, CDMO, and intermediates. I will take one by one.  
 
Our API business is focused on challenging, of course, the complex oncology 
and high-end non-oncology products. We have distinctions of various firsts 
in API business. So, I will just give the latest. Fresh one is the like we were 
the first company to introduce the isolator technology in the API in oncology 
to manufacture. We were the first company to start the Tranexamic Acid. 
We were first to have a dedicated oncology, nine dedicated blocks in this 
segment.  
 
So, see, the company's focus initially was on onco and working on a CDMO 
where we used to work with the ICE S.P.A., which is, of course, in a joint 
venture, and subsequently, it has been hived off.  
 
As on 30th June '22, we had about we had about 40 onco APIs and 18 non-
onco APIs in the market along with 212 DMFs filed across geographies 
including the US, Europe, GCC, RoW, and Canada, Japan, Russia, LATAM and 
China, and we are creating the presence in Polymers where a new R&D set 
up has been commissioned and the GMP facility for small and medium 
volume development has also been established 
 
I am happy to share that we are the first company to be qualified by the 
DRDO to supply a fully indigenous high energy polymers to the Government 
of India. We have also received recently an award from these including the 
cash prize from the Government in recognition of our efforts in this 
direction. 
 
And then we have a non-oncology segment where the various non-onco API 
have  been taken into the portfolio. While taking the non-oncology portfolio, 
we are cautiously working because we know generic competitions is there, 
but three or four major criteria we are seeing on that. One is the capabilities 
of selling, scaling of this is possibility or not, backward integration including 
the entire intermediate, particularly depending on the China, can we crack 
that? And yield improvements.  
 
 

 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
 
These are the four, five factors we are checking before selecting the non-
oncology portfolio. Of course, oncology being our prominent area, and we 
are working since long. So, oncology we know very well where we have 
specifically developed the non-infringing processes, and globally, it is known 
that if Shilpa gives the product, then it is compliant with all global standards 
including the non-infringement if it is required.  
 
What we are trying to do is whilst API industry is going through the difficult 
phase with declining selling prices and increased costs, we have been 
proactively working on various measures to ease out the pressure on our API 
business margins like yield improvement through the process changes, 
backward integration to the intermediates including reducing dependency 
on China, increasing the scale of operation by increasing the batch sizes and 
expanding the capabilities of the various manufacturing blocks.  
 
And going forward, our API business, we would continue our existing focus 
on the established Onco segment while trying to reduce the dependency on 
it by adding niche high value Non-Onco products to our portfolio and the 
peptide business, the peptide, again, we are not doing the peptide as being 
a niche area and high entry barriers. We are working, we have put up the 
dedicated block for including the R&D and the production. Peptide we are 
working on that. Now this year, we will be able to complete. This financial 
year, we will be able to complete two products exhibit batches, and next 
year probably, we will be able to do another four products. So, next year by 
2023-24, at least six peptides we will be completing in the exhibit batches.  
 
On polymer, we are not working on the polymers which are normal 
polymers. We are working on a very specialized polymer where it is used as 
a drug carrier or high energy where there is an entire dependency on the 
import.  
 
The second one is where we can give a drug carrier because the polymer is 
used majorly for making the non-infringing processes and the carrier where 
the drug delivery systems can be made very smooth. So, such type of 
polymers we are working, and we are happy to say that the various 
companies, last two years we are working on that, and we are getting the 
repeated orders from this company. Though it is a small initiation initially, 
but we feel that there is enough opportunity to grow into the polymer 
business. Peptide, of course, this is also the business where it will grow.  
 

 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
The third segment we are seeing is the CDMO business. The CDMO, we were 
working CDMO since 2003 with the ICE S.P.A., which was the oldest CDMO 
we were working, but now it has been hived off. We restarted this CDMO 
business since last year and because of our credentials and the capabilities 
in Onco, Non-Onco, polymer, peptides, getting the CDMO business is much 
easy. All the people trust us, and we started getting the good inquiries, 
started working with the phase one, phase two, phase three. Some of the 
molecules we started working. We feel that in the coming year, the CDMO 
business also will grow to substantial level. 
 
Coming back on the intermediates, the intermediates being the high trust 
area put by the Government of India as well as by the industry, China plus, 
the factor has come into the picture. So, what we are trying to do is the some 
of the intermediates where there is 100% dependency on the China, we are 
trying to manufacture that in-house using conventional chemistry or the 
flow chemistry. So, this is what we are trying to do and we are hoping that 
this business also will grow.  
 
So, the Onco, Non-Onco, polymer, peptide, the CDMO, and intermediate. So, 
in this, particularly, if you see in our API segment, currently what we are 
doing it, currently the matured business is the API on Onco and some part of 
this one is a Non-Onco, and there is enough potential to grow in the polymer, 
peptide, CDMO, and the intermediates. Of course, the Onco and Non-Onco 
also will grow, but there are enough growth engines into the API.  
 
Now on a formulation, the formulation is, again, we have a formulation 
which is the current facility what we have it in SEZ, there we have an import 
alert currently, which last 1.5 year we are working with the various 
consultants on this, and we have given the remediation measures; it has 
been almost completed.  
 
We are regularly submitting to the FDA on this and the third party, those 
who have done this audit with respect to the import alert, we have made 
the significant progress in our remediation efforts with the submission of our 
CAPA to the USFDA. As on date, none of the consultants based on the 
retrospective review of all our ANDAs has suggested. None of ANDA has 
been suggested for recalling; indicating no challenges in relation to the data 
integrity. As we move forward to resolve the issues surrounding the import 
alert, we are pursuing an initiative to de-risk against single site operations. 
So, we are already working on shifting some of critical products to various 
USFDA approved CMO sites for both oral and injectables. Of course, Non-
Onco anyhow we are working with the outside CMO business and that on 
Non-Onco, Derma or the other segment which we don't have in-house 
capabilities, we are already working with the other CMOs.  

 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
 
So, in a formulation, this is a vertically integrated business, drawing 
significant synergies with our API segment and dedicated in-house research. 
Our range of products covers liquid and lyophilized injectables, sterile dry 
powder injections and oral solids in Oncology and adjuvant therapies. The 
segment is focused on sales of the complex products in key regulated and 
RoW markets.  
 
The focus on the segment is on niche and value-added products together 
with a pursuit of strong strategic partnership model in order to give a better 
reach in key world markets. As on June 30th, we have 170 AMA, AMD and 
the other products approved in various markets along with 237 pending 
approvals that this covers the entire globe. So, including the US, Europe, 
Canada, Australia and entire Russia, The LATAM, CIS countries this includes. 
This is what current status.  
 
Two broad aspects that differentiate Shilpa Medicare are our emphasis on 
the continuous research that gives the innovative products and manufacture 
the high-quality drugs at an affordable manner.  
 
We have a robust research establishment backing our entire product range 
today and engaged in creating the product mix for the future. This includes 
product development and pathway engineering  
 
Our focused R&D efforts have led us to create a portfolio of 505B2s and 
complex generics including working on solution for taking care of the 
nitrosamine impurities which is in certain products which is subject now 
currently which is going on in the US and other part of the world. The 
development of these complex products would allow us monetize the 
opportunities by licensing it out to the strategic partners and creating the 
value. Currently, we are working on various 505B2s and the complex 
generics development in Onco and the Non-Onco segments.  
 
In the Dermatological segment, we have already launched one product in 
the woman hygiene segment, and we are registering our products in various 
countries.  
 
Another product which currently we completed the Phase-3 study of 
Tranexamic Acid's spray, which is developed first time in the world by us. It 
is used as an anticoagulant in any sort of the accidents or in the injuries or in 
war or anywhere where we feel that the enormous use can be done with the 
Tranexamic Acid spray which was first time developed in the world by Shilpa. 
And the Phase-3 also we completed.  

 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
Now we have submitted to the SEC meeting for the approval. Once we will 
get the approval from the SEC, we will be able to launch.  
 
The third product what we are doing in Derma is again on the hair growth 
which is Phase-1 study we completed. It is also a 505B2 or the hybrid 
application in the Europe and very high demand probably. So, we have 
successfully completed the Phase-1 study and now we will be taking once 
we take this approval from the various government authorities, we will be 
going to the Phase-3 level. 
 
For the Ophthalmic segment, we have developed 2 505B2s and we ended 
two complex products. We are looking for the partners with the appropriate 
manufacturing set-up to license these products.  
 
Ophthalmic products we have currently developed this portfolio, but we are 
not doing further investment in this. We are trying to see that once we 
partner this, then probably, we will be able to do, more complex products 
have been already identified, and if we get some good partner, we have 
enough capabilities in-house where we can develop this niche segment.  
We are, again, in an oral dissolving film and a transdermal film. So, in a 
transdermal and the oral, we have a combi line, which is a first line in India 
where we have established the film and the transdermal both in a Bengaluru 
facility. Now this facility has been recently audited by the UK MHRA, and 
without any major and minor, we have recently got the clearance also from 
UK MHRA. Now with this approval, we will be able to launch the various 
products in the Europe and the other market.  
 
In India also we are seeing where we will be able to launch this, the film 
formulation. Now, currently, we have developed almost seven products in 
the film formulation, and two or three products currently we are completing 
for the transdermal. Again, in this also, we are trying to see that there is a 
high unmet need in the patient ease of taking this formulation is important, 
and we are trying to do this in a film formulation.  
 
We are trying to do the nutraceutical also where because of the COVID and 
other things, there is a high demand for the nutraceutical products in a film. 
Currently, we are trying to develop the 505B2 for the US also in a film 
formulation and a complex ANDA for the transdermal patch. So, this is what 
currently we are working on and with this EU and US submissions, hopefully, 
we should be able to get a good revenue generation in '23-'24, '24-'25.  
 

 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
 
So, coming back on this formulation, then we have one more vertical which 
is a biologic. This segment is pursuing development of difficult products at a 
world-class research and manufacturing platform. We have currently 1 NBE 
(new biological entity) and 6 biosimilars in a limited competition space with 
significant cost advantage.  
 
In past, we also selectively pursued vaccine production opportunities at our 
Dharwad site. Unfortunately, because of the COVID, which is subsidized, the 
vaccine has not gone the way in which we thought that this should go. But 
the capacity and this all has been created. Initial revenue generation 
commence at this stage through the CDMO agreement during Q4 '22 and to 
strengthen the CDMO segment, we are looking at a various further strategic 
tie-ups.  
 
Coming to our own product portfolio, we have received approval from the 
RCGM for CT of the Aflibercept. We would be initiating the trials in the next 
month. I am happy to announce that we were the first company to get the 
Aflibercept RCGM clearance, and we are starting with the Phase-3 study. 
Aflibercept being a very complex molecule, around $9 billion molecule, no 
generics are currently available in India. 
 
The second molecule which recently Phase-3 study we completed and 
announced also, the high concentration Adalimumab. The high 
concentration Adalimumab also where the originator has converted 80% of 
the market in the US and other part of the region, that high concentration 
Adalimumab nobody has launched in India. With this Phase-3 successful 
completion of using the European R&D, we completed this study, and this 
study we have submitted to the authority. Once we get the approval from 
them, we will be the first company to launch the high concentration 
Adalimumab into the India and because we use the European R&D for our 
Phase-3 study in India, we will be able to use this study for the RoW market 
also. 
 
To sum up, we are our research-oriented company, pursuing differentiated 
strategy with the niche segments in key regulated and RoW markets. We 
have various strategies at the final stage of implementation and expect that 
coming years will see a superior business mix, backed by our own research 
and manufacturing capabilities that can deliver the robust growth and 
improved profitability profile.  
 

 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
 
So, Shilpa currently has this where the API business is currently giving the 
revenue. Formulation has enough potential. API-formulation has enough 
potential to grow in various segments. Of course, biological is not giving any 
substantial revenue. With this, probably, we should be able to once now the 
facility is completed, we will be able to generate the revenue from this. Then 
the film formulation and the transdermal patches still we have not 
generated any revenue in this. So, these are the areas, and we are focusing 
now currently on an India launch also because in India also, we have an 
innovative product and the research oriented products where the high 
unmet need from the patients is still there, especially in oncology so that all 
formulations which we have currently filed in the US and Europe.  
 
So, now I would like to ask our CFO, Alpesh Dalal to share the highlights of 
our financial performance. 
Alpesh Dalal 
Thank you very much, sir. So, welcome everybody. I will just quickly take you 
through the financial performance that our company has during the first 
quarter. In Q1 of this year, we basically clocked a growth of 13% on a 
consolidated basis with overall revenues of Rs. 269 crore. However, our 
gross margins, you know, took a bit of dip and gross margins are at 61% as 
compared to 68% during corresponding quarter in the previous year.  
 
And the main reasons, you know, why we witnessed these erosions was on 
account of pricing pressure on some of our key products both in the API and 
formulation segment as well as, you know, where we also witnessed some 
cost hikes in some of our major products. So, both these things put together, 
you know, resulted in a slightly higher erosion in our margins.  
 
However, the management team or the company as a proactive measure 
took certain cost rationalization measures and as well as, you know, we were 
also able to reduce some of our remedial costs for our Jadhchelra site, and 
all those approximations resulted into negating some of these effect of gross 
margin erosion that we have, and overall the EBITDA margins were at 11% 
as compared to 14% in the corresponding quarter previous year. So, our 
EBITDA for Q1 of this year was at Rs. 29 crore as compared to Rs. 34 crore 
during Q1 of '22. Whole at the PAT level on a consolidation basis, we had the 
small Rs. 2 crore profit as compared to a Rs. 3 crore profit in the previous 
year. So, there was slight dip there as well.  
 
 

 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
 
From this particular quarter, I would also like to explain, clarify a bit on the 
standalone results that we had reported, because for our standalone results, 
we are required to report our results after segregating the performance of 
our API business because API business was supposed to be transferred on a 
slump sale business to another subsidiary. So, it gets classified as a 
discontinued business and hence, you know, we have to segregate the 
performance and show it slightly differently as per IND AS requirements. And 
on account of this slump sale that we had done in our standalone financials, 
we had recorded a gain of Rs. 63 crore on sale of our API business to our 
wholly owned subsidiary.  
 
Now this gain of Rs. 63 crore along with, you know, reversal of certain 
deferred tax liabilities in relation to the API business resulted in showing the 
profit of Rs. 104 crore from our discontinued operations and the profit from 
our continued operations was at about Rs. 5 crore. So, that resulted in an 
overall PAT of Rs. 109 crore.  
 
So, those were, you know, broadly the results. And just to give you a quick 
update on the kind of Capex that we incurred during the first quarter as 
manufacturing focus company, we end up incurring regular Capex and all. 
So, we incurred the Capex of about Rs. 53 crore overall at Group level, of 
which around Rs. 15 crore was invested in API business and a small 
investment of more of maintenance kind of Capex in our formulation 
business, again, a small investment of about Rs. 6 crore in our biological 
business, and we have invested about Rs. 29 crore in our Albumin business.  
 
So, that's the kind of investment that we did in the first quarter on the Capex 
side. And going forward, we believe that, you know, the majority of our 
Capex would be focused on setting up our Albumin facility, and we are not 
planning to incur any further Capex on our biological Dharwad facility, and 
there would be some regular Capex that would come up for capacity 
expansion in our API business, and no significant Capex in the formulation 
business that we plan. So, broadly, that's how we are planning to allocate 
our resources in the near future. 
 
And with that, you know, I would like to open up the forum for question-
and-answer, and we will be happy to take any questions that we would have 
from the participants. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Vineet Gala 
from Monarch Networth Capital. Please go ahead.  

 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Vineet Gala 
I would like to thank the management for hosting this. I feel it's an excellent 
platform to understand more on the company and look forward to good 
engagement from the Shilpa management. So, my first question is on the 
recombinant albumin part. So, can you help us understand in terms of the 
timelines on the clinical trial, the size of the market that's targeting, and the 
monetization part for both the recombinant albumin as an excipient as well 
as other drugs? So, what are the timeline and the monetization that we are 
looking at? 
Vishnukant Bhutada So, on albumin, we have received the already Phase-1 clearance to carry out 
this Phase-1 study from the Government of India. So, now what we are trying 
to do… we have to manufacture the batches, and we have to start the CT for 
this Phase-1. So, we will start by this year end hopefully, we should be able 
to start this by the albumin trials now, and excipient grade once we have 
now where, as you know, that we have one Shilpa Biocare also. We have 
started one separate unit where we are doing the 150,000 liter scale capacity 
for fermentation, where we are going to take this, the huge manufacturing 
of recombinant albumin near Raichur where we are putting up the plant. So, 
while putting up this plant, we are trying to complete this Phase-1 study and 
the Phase-3 study if government needs it. So, Phase-1 study will start by this 
yearend, and we should be able to complete in a nine-month Phase-1 study.  
Vineet Gala 
So, sir, have we stabilized the product at a certain quantity? Like as you 
mentioned, we have started doing it side by side. So, have we stabilized our 
product at certain levels?  
Vishnukant Bhutada Yes. Around 1k L we were able to 200 liter to 1k L, we have shifted this 
product. And we are able to scale the recombinant albumin.  
Vineet Gala 
So, going by your timelines, so next year will we be able to sell the excipient? 
Is that a fair assumption and I believe more so in 2024 or '25?  
Vishnukant Bhutada Yes. Definitely, we should be able to sell this, because by the time our DMF 
and all will be completed. Hopefully, we should be able to do that. Not only 
excipient grade. It is the excipient in the various drugs it is used. Excipient 
plus another two, three areas where still there is a huge demand for the 
recombinant albumin other than the drug also.  
Vineet Gala 
So, sir, where do we see monetizing this? Like, I mean, are we going to, you 
know, some kind of an out-licensing agreement with the US partner? Like 
how do we go about monetizing? What is the kind of revenue that you look 
at from this albumin project?  

 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
Vishnukant Bhutada See, we have to see all options which are the markets because albumin being 
the always shortage product in all over the world, and there is a high demand 
for even in an excipient grade also because of the unpredictability in 
whatever they are getting the current albumin, and there is impurity levels 
are very high. So, consistency of giving the drug where the excipient albumin 
has been used, so that difficulty is everybody's testing it with using this, the 
recombinant albumin, which is a 99.9% pure material, definitely, everybody 
needs it. So, in various geographies, still we are not discussing with anyone 
on this, but once we start Phase-1 study, probably, all options are open with 
us, and then if we do that, definitely, it will be informed to all.  
Vineet Gala 
Last question on albumin would be like, is there any ballpark number that 
you have estimated given the kind of size that you have created on albumin? 
Like, I think, the capacities that we have on metric ton basis is around 80 
metric tons. So, what are the revenues that we can do out of this particular 
plant? 
Vishnukant Bhutada Once we are putting now almost 400 crore of the investment in this 
particular plant. 
Alpesh Dalal 
Sir, if I can come in here, Vineet, you know, this should be a little premature 
to start giving some guidance about the revenue numbers growing in from 
there. You know, there will be a gradual build up as you rightly mentioned 
that, you know, first we will start getting our revenues from excipient grade, 
which is a smaller market and smaller size. But it can then keep expanding 
once we get the drug quality product out and our approvals are in place. 
Then you can start scaling up and building up fairly quickly. So, you know, at 
this juncture, I would suggest that, you know, based on the kind of capacity 
that we are creating which we have indicated, you can try and determine 
from the available market rates and levels that what potential revenues 
should be generated. But it would be a little premature for us to provide any 
guidance on the revenue side. 
Vineet Gala 
Sir, my second question will be on this API IPO. So, in the Q4 call, what we 
mentioned is that we are looking to conclude the transaction by FY23. So, 
what is the status of the transaction now? 
Alpesh Dalal 
So, Vineet, you know, as far as the API business is concerned, we have just 
concluded our slump sale of that particular business, and we have put it into 
a separate subsidiary, right? I think, we would allow some time for the 
operations to settle down as a separate entity, and also generate its own 
independent revenue, and its own independent performance to be visible 
and available.  

 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
And it's right pointing them, I think, we should be able to take a call if we 
require to monetize some of these assets, which we are creating through our 
IPO subsidiary, sorry, API subsidiary, right? So, whether, like, obviously, our 
Board has given us a go ahead to explore an IPO if it is the most appropriate 
option, but we are still evaluating that and, you know, at a right point in time 
we will come out with our further updates and announcements on the same 
if and when we are going ahead with any of monetization of our APIs.  
Vineet Gala 
Sir, my last question will be on biologics. So, sir, we have already invested 
around Rs. 100 crore in this Dharwad facility. And I mean, given the kind of 
projects that we take you mentioned it would take lot of time to 
conceptualize. But these are long lead projects. So, what is your perspective 
in terms of, you know, when these assets should start sweating and 
contribute to the revenue? And also, sir, given our debt position and the fact 
that some in biologics, they have not monetized to their full potential, I just 
wanted to understand your perspective as to why we are spending on 
further Capex as far as this Albumin asset is concerned? So, I just wanted to 
understand more on this part of the capital allocation.  
Vishnukant Bhutada See, the most important is the, first of all, the mab manufacturing facility is 
separate and this albumin where the microbial facility is separate. So, these 
are the two separate areas where we are doing the investment. The 
mammalian manufacturing facility, which we currently from where the 
Adalimumab, Aflibercept and the other products has been there, this is a 
totally separate segment. Why we invested in the microbial facility where 
the albumin is there? Because as you know, that the albumin is always much 
shortage products all over the world. We have been able to successfully 
make this package, the 200 liters and submitted to the animal study 
completion in R&D Authority, and Authority has given us a Phase-1 trial 
permission that that has weighted what we have done, and we have a 
granted patent for the US and Europe. So, investment on this two separate, 
what we are doing is a separate area. I think you were mentioning some Rs. 
100-crore investment, but we made in biologics around 600 crore 
investment, if I am correct. So, Alpesh, correct no? 
Alpesh Dalal 
That's right, right. We have done Rs. 600 crore investment.  
Vishnukant Bhutada So, around 600 crore has been invested in the mab facility currently, the 
mammalian facility. See, what has weighed in this particularly, what has not 
actually crystallized is the vaccine. So, vaccine has created the 1, 1.5 years a 
turbulence in everywhere.  

 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
What has happened? Our facility was, everything was ready, and suddenly 
the vaccine opportunity has come, and everybody was jumping on that. The 
DRL, Serum, everybody wants to manufacture including the Zydus.  
 
They came in our facility, asked us to produce this, and they have signed the 
license agreement. Unfortunately, and with that R&D and our all resources 
has gone in that, developing that, taking it to the next level, and 
unfortunately, by the time we were ready, it was not able to, there was no 
demand, and we were not actual owner of that vaccine. So, ultimately, we 
were depending on someone else. So, they have backed out. Backed out in 
the sense they were also not having the order. So, that 1, 1.5 year property 
we lost in the focusing on our own mab. Of course, we have worked parallel. 
Phase-3 study was completed in that. The development was completed. 
Another three molecules are almost ready in the R&D. 
 
We were the only company who has a cell line manufacturing. We 
manufacture our own cells also. So, cell line manufacturing department has 
been created. So, parallely, this work was going on, but we are not able to 
get this any substantial revenue from this. So, whatever the investment has 
been done, now we are trying to see that whether can we do the licensing 
of Adalimumab? Can we do the licensing of applications Aflibercept, 
including any other whatever the current development which is going on, 
which typically all company does it?  
 
The co-development model was not done at our end. We wanted to 
establish and show to the company, other companies, saying that the most 
difficult product was first developed by us. It was not developed by the, you 
know, you name the company so called. Any, I don't want to name the 
company, but those who are known in the biologics, they were not able to 
develop and get this clearance on this high concentration Adalimumab 
including the Aflibercept also.  
 
So, we wanted to establish first on our own and show to the world that we 
have enough capability, enough manufacturing capabilities including the 
R&D development strength. Now with this, the credentials, probably, now 
we will try to see that the co-development model or the manufacturing or 
CDMO, there are several opportunities in this, but being the biologic, it will 
go a little slow. That is what we feel.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Bhandari from 
Vallum Capital. Please go ahead.  
 

 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
Manish Bhandari 
Basically, I hear about the grand plans what we have on biologics as well as 
on albumin and the investment phase what we are into. But looks like there 
is a mismatch on the cash flow side because all these investments or the 
investment phase would require a lot of cash flows before the first drug 
comes out or gets licensed or whatever. So, what should be your strategy to 
bridge this cash flow deficit what we have in the next 18 months? And my 
second question is regarding the state of the formulations facility from the 
FDA?  
Vishnukant Bhutada Yes, I agree that the overall cash flows and if all this, the investment which 
we have made into the biologic and the albumin currently, so Rs. 600 crore 
plus almost Rs. 100 plus crore we have invested already into the albumin. 
So, Rs. 700 crore plus cash has gone into these two plants or two segments 
rather I can say. So, now to see that the cash flow is again there into the 
system, what we have options. We are trying to explore the options 
including the Alpesh, the IPO, and the second one is licensing of all our 
formulations, whatever the OpEx we have it. Third one is the, again, working 
with the co-development model and the licensing note on the albumin or 
any other mabs which we have developed. So, there are various models 
concurrently, where we are working internally to see that, again, the cash 
flow is generated using our assets whatever currently we have it. Assets in 
the sense not the plant wise, but assets in the sense whatever the 
developments on the R&D spend which we have done.  
 
Coming back on your second question on the formulation, you are asking on 
the remediation measures no?  
Manish Bhandari 
Absolutely.  
Vishnukant Bhutada Formulation as I already explained in my commentary saying that we are 
working on the remediation measures. We have completed almost all 
remediation measures what is expected by the FDA. Third party, all audits, 
everything has been completed. Fortunately, none of this, the FDA ex-
inspector, nobody has consulted and asked or found out any data integrity 
or microbial or any sterility issue. That is why still we are supplying to the US 
suspension injectable product, and they are taking it currently, because 
there is in a shortage.  
 
That shows that the quality was never compromised by the Shilpa, because 
this all reports also, the third party audits reports also to be simultaneously 
submitted to the FDA. So, they are continuously monitoring on the progress 
what we have done it. We had a call also with the FDA.  
 

 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
So, we are waiting. We are continuously updating them on whatever the 
remediation measures, whatever we are doing it. Hopefully, we should be 
able to get the inspection maybe in this, we cannot predict, but we are 
waiting for the inspection. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan from ICICI. Please go 
ahead.  
Rohan 
So, I have two questions. First of all, there is a sequential decline in the Onco 
API. So, is there any seasonality or some revenues which got deferred to Q2? 
This is the first question.  
Vishnukant Bhutada Onco API, there is no such seasonality there. What we are feeling that overall 
not only in Onco, Non-Onco, the overall API industry, lot of people they are 
having because of the COVID and all, lot of people have taken the material 
in stock. So, they were feeling that these stocks can be utilized and because 
the supply chain was eased, so that is why now they are, you know, maybe 
utilizing this currently whatever the stocks they have it. This is what our gut 
feeling, and it will definitely from this quarter, next quarter onward, it will 
grow. And if you see Shilpa's Q1 of every year is normal it is off.  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, Rohan, just to continue on that what Vishnuji just mentioned, you know, 
obviously, Q1 generally has been a bit soft for Shilpa historically. So, it's been 
slightly softer. Second thing is that we basically, you know, another part of 
your question was has any revenue got deferred to Q2? You are right. A part 
of our revenue because of the IND AS requirements and the revenue 
recognition requirements which are there, some of our revenues, which, you 
know, we actually made dispatches from our plant, could not be recorded as 
revenue because in income terms we could not recognize those revenues, 
you know, based on the IND AS requirements. So, a part of those revenues 
actually have got a bit deferred to Q2 as well. You are right on that front, 
Rohan. 
Rohan 
And another question I had was, so what is the potential and opportunity for 
this biosimilar Adalimumab in India and RoW? 
Vishnukant Bhutada Adalimumab, high concentration, still nobody is there. So, whatever we are 
comparing the data with whatever the 50 mg what they have, around Rs. 
100 to 150 crore something with the reported figures are there. And of 
course, in the globally, other than the US, it's a total  $20-24 billion product. 
So, globally, probably is such a highest selling product currently. But I think 
RoW we have not completed the study for the global.  

 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
We have completed for the RoW and India market. We feel that there is 
enough potential being the first to come in this particular segment other 
than the originator. We'll have enough good market share in this.  
Rohan 
And is there any capitalized expenses related to it, which will hit the P&L post 
the launch? 
Vishnukant Bhutada No, I don't think capitalized expenses.  
Alpesh Dalal 
There are certain expenses which have got capitalized, right? But it's not very 
substantial. So, it won't have any major impact on the P&L, but yes, there 
are certain capitalized expenses, intangibles that has been created for, you 
know, various studies that we have conducted and all. But it's not major.  
Rohan 
Also on the RoW market which you had pertained to, so is there any RoW 
market specifically which you are targeting for this Adalimumab? 
Vishnukant Bhutada Yes. The Russia or the Saudi. All the markets, probably, RoW has a huge 
including the Mexico, LATAM, all these countries are doing. Other than US, 
Europe, Canada, and Australia, probably, we should be able to get the 
partner in this area.  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, Rohan, we would be open to partnership in various geographies apart 
from, you know, some of these developed markets that Vishnuji just 
mentioned. So, dependent on, you know, the kind of arrangement that we 
have or we are able to tie up for, we would be launching in various 
geographies based on that. This partnership, obviously, would then become, 
you know, in certain cases, it could become more of multi-country 
partnership. At times it could also be, you know, a specific country kind of 
partnership as well. So, that would depend on the kind of alliance that we 
end up having. 
Rohan 
And the last question I had was, could you give an outlook on the CRAMS 
business? Is there any inventory on the books which is at the risk of write-
off or anything on that?  
Alpesh Dalal 
No, as far as CRAMS business is concerned, see, there is no inventory that 
we are holding on to on our books. Also, you know, this particular product is 
also common with one of our existing products as well. So, while our CRAMS 
business is continuing, but it is slowly coming down, and we are managing 
inventory based on the requirements. So, there isn't any risk of any inventory 
write off on the CRAMS business that we have been having.  

 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Modi from EIML. Please 
go ahead.  
Jay Modi 
So, in your earlier comments, you had mentioned that you see a delayed off 
take for biologics revenue. So, can you give us a broad time frame by when 
do you expect to utilize the gross block that you have invested in this plant? 
Will it be by FY25, '6? Just a broad guidance on that front?  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, Jay, basically, whilst, you know, obviously, some of our products have got 
a bit delayed, and it may take some time, what we are trying to do in the 
interim is we are trying to look for more of CMO, CDMO kind of opportunities 
to utilize our facilities better, right? So, those are some of the low hanging 
fruits whilst we obviously, the kind of opportunity that we were looking for 
vaccine manufacturing has not fructified. But it has provided us a window to 
showcase our capabilities, you know, from a CMO and CDMO perspective. 
So, we expect that some of those revenues should start kicking in, which will 
help us in meeting the operational expenses, and that should start 
happening from current financial year, maybe the second half of current 
financial year onwards. And our own product portfolio as Vishnuji was 
mentioning, our first product Adalimumab probably should, could hit the 
market in Q3, and then that would be for the India market and all. And then 
we can start, you know, adding it, adding on more and more based on the 
kind of partnerships that we do in various markets. So, you know, it will be a 
gradual buildup, but till the time we are able to fully utilize our facilities, we 
will continue exploring more of CMO, CDMO or kind of opportunities as well.  
Jay Modi 
So, by second half we expect to break even on this plant.  
Alpesh Dalal 
See, this is again dependent on the kind of arrangement that we are able to 
garner for the CDMO, the CMO business, right? So, you know, if there are 
few things which are in pipeline, if things turn out well, then we could break 
even. But at the same time, you know, again, based on our historical 
experience, we wouldn't really want to start giving more of a finite kind of a 
comment on it. 
Jay Modi 
My second question was that what is the investment, gross block investment 
that we would have made in the plant which is done by import alert 
currently?  
Alpesh Dalal 
Gross block on this thing. It's around Rs. 350 crore but let me just reconfirm 
that number. So, gross block is about Rs. 350 crore.  

 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Jay Modi 
So, is it fair to say that currently our total investment in biologics is Rs. 600, 
and this is around Rs. 300, so Rs. 900 crore of our gross block would be 
incurring, would have a negative profit contribution to our PMS?  
Alpesh Dalal 
No, that wouldn't be correct, because by far Jadhchelra facility is under 
import alert. We still are allowed to export three products to the US market, 
right? So, we have been given exemption for three or five products that we 
can sell to US, and we are also selling to the European markets, you know, 
the products that we manufacture at our Jadhchelra facility. So, Jadhchelra 
actually is not a negative contributor to our bottom line, right? Our SEZ 
facility is not negative contributor. As far as the biological facility is 
concerned, it is obviously, you know, yet to start its real commercial 
operation. So, that has a negative contribution to the business.  
Jay Modi 
And on the Capex front, so for next three years, what is our Capex plans? 
What is the amount that we intend on incurring every year?  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, basically, you know, currently, the only major one that is required is on 
the albumin side as I had mentioned in my commentary. Apart from that, 
you know, broadly, for other investments and all, for our SEZ unit, which is 
our formulation business, we don't expect any major Capex to be done 
except for maintenance Capex that we have. And for API business, generally, 
we keep expanding our capacity based on the need and all. So, on an 
average, we end up doing anything between Rs. 40 to 50 crore kind of an 
investment in API business. And as far as biological business is concerned, 
we are not making many further investments into that facility of ours. So, I 
think we are done with our investment as far as the biological facility is 
concerned. So, predominantly, our investments will typically happen in our 
albumin manufacturing facility which Vishnuji had just mentioned in his 
commentary.  
Jay Modi 
So, albumin needs more Rs. 400 crore, which will be invested over two years. 
Alpesh Dalal 
Yes. So, not more Rs. 400. The total will be about Rs. 400. We already 
invested about 120 odd crore into it. So, it would require another Rs. 250 to 
280 crore or 270 odd crore of investment in this. 
Jay Modi 
My second question was around peptide. So, we had made a comment that 
we have around six exhibit batches which will be filed by FY24, correct? 
Alpesh Dalal 
FY 23-24. 

 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Jay Modi 
And how long does it take for these exhibit batches to get converted into 
commercial orders, and also, if you could broadly narrate the opportunity 
size that we have in these six products?  
Vishnukant Bhutada Typically, if you know the API segment, once you complete the exhibit 
batches with the six month stability data, you can file the DMF. But 
meanwhile, while doing the exhibit batches, once you complete the exhibit 
batches, you can start giving the samples and everything. What here we are 
doing is, we ourselves are a buyer for this peptide. Actually, we are 
developing this complex in not only API, but complex formulations also 
where we are trying to see that this, the 505, either 505B2 or the complex 
generic is developed in-house. So, the portfolio is selected based on the first 
requirement from in-house only. And the second one is we are going to give 
it to the market. So, with this, typically, if you can say that the FY24-25 
onward, we should be able to sell this product.  
Jay Modi 
And broad opportunity size for these six products?  
Vishnukant Bhutada These are a big opportunity I think. You know, the peptide is a biologic 
peptide and then something normal API. This is what. So, peptide is in 
between API and biologics.  
Jay Modi 
And sir, lastly, internally, do you think that we have spread ourselves too thin 
in a lot of segments which is limiting our ability to scale up any one business 
in a meaningful manner, which would take up a lot of managerial bandwidth 
and which would have other restraints on the ability for us to scale up?  
Vishnukant Bhutada Exactly, it is not correct. Yes, I agree that, partly, we are mid-sized. The 
company like ours is nobody has invested in such a segment like the Onco 
API first we have done it. The second one we have done the Onco injectable 
and the formulation, three on Onco injectable line, then biologics, albumin 
and the film formulation, and the transdermal film. But each of the area, the 
investment is already completed now. We have completed enough R&D 
expenditures also has been completed. Some of the products is already filed, 
and some of the products are licensed and going to be licensed. So, the 
capabilities on each of the segments has now started picking up.  
 
So, I think, yes, I agree with you that the mid-sized company like ours, 
nobody has invested in a biological or the recombinant albumin or 
transdermal film and formulation so much. But yes, we are interested with 
the proper scientific justification in-house which we have made it. And I think 
we are able to do in each of the segments. 

 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
If you see that in biologics, if you are able to develop this high concentration 
Adalimumab, Aflibercept, recombinant albumin, in a film formulation we 
were able to develop, it's difficult the transdermal patches, and the film 
formulations where the normal API is converted into the film, and then the 
505B2s also can be filed in the US.  
 
So, each of the segments we have done enough investment. Now this is the 
time to, you know, crystallize each of the segments. The bandwidth of the 
management is in each of the segments, we have the leaders who run that 
particular specialized business. Of course, management is looking after 
overall, but we have in-house the capable people including the R&D and the 
operations that take care of such a specialized business.  
Jay Modi 
So, all the investments in R&D field, capacity building etc., since it is behind 
us, we do expect, internally, we do think that in next two, three years we will 
see some offshoots of the investment that we have made in past four, five 
years. Is that correct? 
Vishnukant Bhutada Yes, of course, I think.  
Jay Modi 
And this last question was, I missed your comment on this quarter's margin 
performance. So, could you just explain the reason for gross margin pressure 
in this quarter and if we will be able to reverse this in coming quarters? 
Alpesh Dalal 
So, basically, you see what I had mentioned, Jay, was that during this quarter, 
we had a double impact where some of our key products were under pricing 
pressure. Also, cost of some of our other products had gone up. So, we 
basically got squeezed from both the sides. Now what we are doing is that, 
you know, to ease out some of these pressures, we are basically working on 
various optimization or process improvements and all, where we are able to 
get our costs down. We are able to then, you know, improve yield on some 
of our products, right? Also, when we do capacity expansion in our API 
business from existing block and all, so we are then able to utilize our, you 
know, existing, the same fixed costs get allocated to a larger base and all.  
 
So, we are working on various measures of this nature to arrest the kind of 
pressure that we ended up getting on to our bottom line, right? At the same 
time, certain aspects, you know, some pricing pressure on the selling price 
that comes up probably may not go away immediately, but in certain cases, 
you know, the way a formulator when he feels pressure on the formulation 
in the markets, he tries and over a period of time passes it on to the API guys. 
API people also then try and, you know, do a costing effect onto these buyers 
and all.  

 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
So, to an extent we are able to recover some of them over a period of time, 
but it doesn't happen immediately. So, we should be able to, you know, 
settle down at the current levels and then try and improve based on the 
operational efficiency plus some sort of, you know, rationalization that we 
take up with our suppliers and all.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vineet Gala from Monarch 
Networth Capital. Please go ahead.  
Vineet Gala 
The licensing revenue that we get, what is the contribution of permit rights, 
the out-licensing that we did? So, if we could quantify that contribution on a 
quarterly basis? Sir, on a quarterly basis, we get around Rs. 17 odd crore in 
Q1. We got around 17 crore of license fees, right? So, what is the proportion 
of permit rights, the out-licensing that we did for the EU market, I guess?  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, in Q1, you know, there wasn't any thing further in permit rights. See, 
what happens is in licensing deals, there are various milestones that come 
up. So, you know, actually, what Vishnuji was mentioning a while back, that 
we have done enough investment in our R&D, and now we are able to 
monetize some of these assets. So, various different assets are coming into 
play where we are able to get into licensing arrangements with, you know, 
our strategic partners, and different products and different molecules keep 
coming up. But these are all milestone based. So, what you get in one 
quarter, it doesn't mean that, you know, next quarter the same product and 
the same licensing revenues keep repeating. But it is, you know, opportunity 
based, based on the product that gets licensed and whenever the next 
milestone for this particular product is achieved, you get the next revenue 
out of that particular deal.  
Vineet Gala 
So, how do we look at this particular line item? Because I mean, last two 
quarters we have recorded upwards of I think around Rs. 39 odd crore of this 
licensing fees. So, will this run rate continue over next couple of quarters or 
like it will taper down? 
Alpesh Dalal 
No. So, see, basically, we have a very strong pipeline as we were mentioning. 
And you know, again, we do have a strong pipeline which we can capitalize 
on. It would really be dependent on the kind of deals that we keep striking 
at various points in time, right? So, in certain cases, you are able to get a 
decent upfront and then, you know, the later milestones could be slightly 
lower. In certain cases, the upfront might be slightly lower but then 
subsequent myself could be fairly heavy depending on the commercial 
situation. 

 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
The kind of deals that we strike would determine the quantum that could 
come in. So, we cannot really say that there would be a specified run rate 
that we can talk about, but yes, we are targeting a particular level where, 
you know, on an ongoing basis, what you have seen in last quarters should 
at least continue.  
Vineet Gala 
Sir, on the European formulation business, and so I was looking at the 
formulation business on a European under the US business perspective. So, 
US business is at around Rs. 12 crore run rate and Europe is around Rs. 37 
odd crore run rate. So, given the potential, what is the run rate that we 
should be looking at given that in the US the products that we do are in sort 
of a demand because of the shortage situation that we have in the market 
as you mentioned? So, what is the kind of run rate, the base run rate that 
we can look at as far as these two segments are concerned?  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, as far as, you know, Europe and US is concerned, see, currently, a large 
chunk of our business comes in from one particular product which has, you 
know, witnessed certain pricing pressure and all. So, that obviously has 
resulted into, you know, the revenues coming under, you know, settling 
down at a lower level and all. But again, as our pipeline keeps growing and 
we end up having more and more newer products coming in, which is where 
the growth of the US and European business for most Pharma companies 
come in from, we should start seeing an uptick in, you know, our revenues 
in both these territories, right? So, that is dependent on, you know, the 
timing of the approvals, various approvals that we get for our newer 
products.  
 
As far as, you know, the settle down or existing business is concerned, well, 
you know, there could be some improvement that would happen because, 
you know, in certain one-off quarters, you could have a situation where, you 
know, because of inventory buildup, the one particular quarter might be 
weak and all. But Yes, the business has seen some pricing pressure and also 
newer, you know, players have come into the US market for this product. So, 
that has also resulted into added pressure on our revenue in the US market.  
Vineet Gala 
Sir, my last question is on like Vishnu sir mentioned that we are looking to 
monetize a lot of these products and going in the domestic market. So, sir, 
like I just wanted to understand what is your assessment of our strength as 
far as marketing in the domestic market, the India market is concerned or 
are we looking at, you know, a marketing kind of a tie up or something of 
that sort? So, what will be the strategy going forward? And what is your 
assessment of the current strength?  

 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Vishnukant Bhutada As you know that we are launching this particular product in a various 
segment and because of the uniqueness of this product, lot of companies 
are approaching us for giving the in-license to them. Now we are, you know, 
making the assessment, should we give the exclusivity or should we give it 
parallelly to the other companies including our own launches? So, various 
options have been discussed on a product by product basis. We cannot 
decide that only we will launch all the products or we will not give to the any 
other companies; depends on the products and the opportunities. And of 
course, the revenue also need to look on balancing on that. This will take 
this, the decisions on the product basis, but I can tell you that we have 
enough potential and enough product pipeline in our portfolio which can 
generate good revenues in the future.  
Vineet Gala 
Sir, like any product that we are looking to do for domestic formulation like 
we said? So, what kind of channel are you targeting? Are you targeting a b2c 
kind of a channel or you are targeting a direct to hospital kind of a marketing 
channel? So, what is the channel are we targeting as far as, you know, this 
segment is concerned? Because most of our products would be, you know, 
sort of complex in nature, but at the same time in thin films, and so we have 
an extremely different kind of a channel for, you know, the paracetamols 
and the other products that we have announced recently. So, I just wanted 
to understand like what is the channel that we are trying to build? And what 
are the products that we are trying to out-license?  
Vishnukant Bhutada Channel I had mentioned already, that it will be a hybrid model, wherever 
the possibility, b2b, b2c, tendering, government entering, so hospital 
tendering. These are all options are there with us, and we will see every 
attempt to maximize the sales. This is what we are thinking that we will, of 
course, we will see what is the bottom line also we are getting it in that. So, 
to giving specifically answer on your question that we will see all options 
including the tendering’s and all.  
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritvik Seth from One-Off 
Financial. Please go ahead.  
Ritvik Seth: 
Sir, just one question from my end. Sir, we have seen an addition of about 
Rs. 650 - 700 crore of gross block in last 2-2.5 years, you know, and you 
mentioned in a previous question that we will see launches of new products 
which will improve the revenue. So, you know, at peak utilization and with 
all product approvals coming in, is there any revenue that we can generate 
on the current capacity that we have added in the last 2 to 2.5 years and 
with all the investments that we have done in new products?  

 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Vishnukant Bhutada Yes, of course, you know, the biological facility, from there revenue can be 
generated. The second one is the film formulation and the transdermal 
patch where we have invested almost Rs. 150, 175 crore. From there, the 
current revenue is zero. That also is now because of the various approvals 
and completion of the exhibit batches. Definitely, the revenue from there 
also can be generated. The complex products which we have developed and 
filed already, some products we have filed already, where we can get a 
revenue generation by the licensing as well as the profit share model, that 
also can be done in the existing complex Onco, Non-Onco molecules. So, 
whatever the assets which were added in last two, three years, the Rs. 600, 
700 or 800 crore, this is a time where things from this year onward, the 
revenue generation will start for sure.  
Ritvik Seth: 
So, on this about say Rs. 1,500 crore of gross block, you know, what could be 
the peak asset turn that we could look at? 
Vishnukant Bhutada See, currently telling will be difficult, but I think Alpesh, do you have any 
answer? 
 
Alpesh Dalal 
So, see, typically, you know, Ritvik, it becomes a little difficult to quantify 
before and because see, it's a continuous process, right? You always keep 
investing a couple of two to three years in advance of the revenue 
generation that happens, right? If you were to see just as an example, today 
my, you know, gross block in my API business would be to the tune of roughly 
around say some over Rs 300 - 400 odd crore, which then we are able to turn 
two times, correct, which is a fairly stable and robust business. There also 
you keep adding on and you keep growing. So, typically, you know, that's the 
kind of, I think, and some of these businesses like formulation business or 
biological business, when they start peaking out, then they are able to 
actually turn the assets many more times than, you know, what API 
businesses can do.  
Ritvik Seth: 
And one book-keeping question. What is the net debt as of June 2022?  
Alpesh Dalal 
Net debt around Rs. 700 crore. 
Ritvik Seth: 
700? 700 crore, right? 
Alpesh Dalal 
Net debt would be around Rs. 700 crore. That is correct.  
 

 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan John from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Rohan John: 
Thank you for the follow-up. So, I just had two questions. Why the other API 
revenue so high in Q1? Was there any one-offs in there?  
Vishnukant Bhutada No, it is not one-off.  
Rohan John: 
In the other API revenues, was there any one-off? It was quite high in Q1.  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, you know, you are right, Rohan. There was some sort of trading revenue 
that got generated during Q1 in our API business, and we don't really indulge 
into more of trading kind of thing. So, that is not likely to, you know, continue 
in future.  
Vishnukant Bhutada No, it was the one-time because of this or the 30th June our this one was 
expiring. So, we are moving to the next the Shilpa Pharma license that we 
(inaudible 01:16:54).  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, you are right. A part of it was one-off, Rohan.  
Rohan John: 
And another question, the last question I had was the Dharwad plant. Is it 
approved by any of the global regulators, let's say, USFDA, WHO?  
Vishnukant Bhutada Which plant? 
Rohan John: 
The Dharwad plant. 
Vishnukant Bhutada Dharwad, no, it is not approved by any; because the authority will come once 
you file the product. So, you have to complete for that, you need to complete 
this study. So, if we take some CDMO project and all, now we are trying to 
complete this, the QP audit from the European authority which can be, you 
know, shown to the other companies for giving us this CDMO business, but 
currently, answering specifically on your question, no authority except 
Indian authority has completed. But yes, customer audit has been completed 
various including the DRL, the Serum, the Zydus. They have completed the 
audit, and then only the company had signed the agreement for the vaccine. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Srikant. That's an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 

 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Srikant: 
My question is how much of our R&D expenses are expensed? How much is 
the outright in the P&L? So, my question is how much of our R&D expenses 
are capitalized?  
Vishnukant Bhutada Srikant, we can come back to you on that particular question a little later. 
You can send us a mail or something, and we will revert to that.  
Srikant: 
And I have a second question. So, we have this film formulation technology, 
I think, from very long back, right? But we don't have a meaningful product 
in the US market with the film formulation. So, are there any specific 
challenges, you know, in getting the 505B2 products using the specific 
technology in US market? 
Vishnukant Bhutada First of all, the film formulation was bought in India first time by Shilpa. So, 
getting the film formulation and accepting this as a delivery system was a 
challenging. So, what we have done is, we have done that India, our 
Hyderabad facility, where that was used for the Indian RoW market. There 
were no other companies were having this capability. So, we have 
completed all this work there. We have done enough expertise, but it can be 
a lot of pain to develop this product. It is not easy to develop such products 
in a film formulation.  
 
Subsequently, what we have done in last 2-2.5 years, we have invested into 
the Bengaluru where the (Inaudible 01:20:21) machine has been bought 
from the Germany and there we have triggered the inspection from the UK 
MHRA, and that UK MHRA, we got the approval recently also from the UK 
MHRA. Because after getting the product strength, quality, stabilization from 
this all processed product, we are shifting these products to our Bengaluru 
facility. So, Bengaluru facility will have, once we have now the approval from 
the UK MHRA, and we filed some products in the Europe, probably we will 
get the again European approvals also. And in US, this year or the next year 
we will file the products in the US also. So, with this, we will complete all the 
global filings, and once we get the approval from this various authority, 
definitely, the traction will come on a sale.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Chopra from KIFS Trade 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sahil Chopra: 
By when we can expect the IPO of our API business. 
 

 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Alpesh Dalal 
Sir, we had taken this question earlier where we had mentioned that, you 
know, we have just very recently done slump sell of our API business, and 
we would be, you know, allowing it to stabilize under the new entity for a 
while, also have its independent financial performance being witnessed and 
reported, and at the right point in time when we figure out, you know, what 
kind of monetization strategy we would want to adopt for our API business, 
right?  
Sahil Chopra: 
And second question is related to the debt. What kind of debt figure we are 
looking for in next two years? 
Alpesh Dalal 
See, depends on the monetization that we have for some of our assets that 
we have been talking about, right? We obviously are looking at gradually 
bringing it down and probably, you know, in the foreseeable future, we will 
try to see that we only end up retaining our working capital related loans on 
our book and then try and take everything out. But it will be, you know, in 
line with the monetization plans that we will have in place.  
Sahil Chopra: 
So, I think that any revenue or margin guidance for next couple of years, if 
possible? 
Alpesh Dalal 
No, Sahil, we wouldn't be able to avoid margin or revenue guidance.  
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question as a last question from the line of 
Jay Modi from EIML. Please go ahead.  
Jay Modi 
I just had two questions. One was that, could you give us a broad 
understanding with respect to API business as to what percentage of your 
molecules would have some sort of backward integration like n minus 1, n 
minus 2 sort of backward integration in your API business?  
Vishnukant Bhutada I think now answering this will be very difficult because we manufacture 
almost 40 odd API. So, this will be away, but we manufacture none of our 
DMF will be accepted without having the substantial manufacturing done at 
our facility. So, we are making some n minus three, n minus four, n minus 
seven. So, depends on the product and the KSM qualification divided by 
master file by the various authority who are taking this product. But none of 
the product like n minus one or n minus 2 we do it. We do it, you know, 
substantial backward integration. That much I can tell.  
 

 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
Jay Modi 
And secondly, with respect to the formulations, is that strategy around the, 
so do we file products wherein the API is solely manufactured by us or we 
are open to going for products wherein we may not have APIs with us, but 
we will still go with the ANDA filing? I'll repeat my question. So, for 
formulation business, do we go and file products only for which we have 
strong API manufacturing capabilities or that may not be our strategy? 
Vishnukant Bhutada No, it is not so. Sometimes we use the external APIs and we do that 
formulation also. Also some of the APIs we don't manufacture, but we feel 
that there is a very good opportunity in the formulation. Some we do it as 
the second source for the additional qualification for the our formulation. 
So, two, three combinations we take it, but not necessarily that only we do 
with our only own API and then only we take the formulation. Yes, 70% 
probably so that once we have strong APIs, we do the formulation 
development also.  
Jay Modi 
And my last question was around the site transfer. So, have all our products 
undergone site transfer which were filed from the facility wherein we had 
import alert? 
Vishnukant Bhutada Yes, we have done already. Not all products. So, almost six products we are 
doing it now site transfer.  
Alpesh Dalal 
So, Jay, we are looking at site transfer only of critical products because, you 
know, it may not make commercial sense to do site transfer of all of it, right? 
So, dependent on the size of the product and the commercial potential that 
it has got, you know, we look at the site transfer for those products.  
Jay Modi 
Correct. So, those products which get categorized as critically important, all 
those products would have undergone site transfer or the process is still 
ongoing? 
Alpesh Dalal 
No, still not completed. The process is ongoing.  
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. 
I now hand the conference back to the management for the closing remarks. 
Thank you and over to you.  
Alpesh Dalal 
Thanks a lot. And I would like to thank all the participants for coming in and 
talking to us today. You know, it has been a great interaction that we have 
had. You know, we have just started this initiative recently, and we hope to 
continue this in future, and we look forward to your participation in future 
calls as well. Thanks a lot from all of us at Shilpa here. Thanks and I hand it 
over back to the moderator.  

 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Shilpa 
Meidcare Limited, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been 
edited without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared/discussed on the call. 
 
