 
          
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
CIN-L72900DL1986PLC330369 
Regd. Office: 622, 6th Floor, DLF Tower A, Jasola Distt. Center, New Delhi- 110025, Tel: +91 11 41251965 
         Corp. Office: Spice Global Knowledge Park, 19A & 19B, Sector-125, Noida- 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India, - Tel: +91 120 5029101 
           Email ID: Complianceofficer@digispice.com; Website: www.digispice.com 
 
Date: September 6, 2022 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 517214 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: DIGISPICE 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call 
held on 30th August, 2022 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letter dated 29th August, 2022 intimating you about the schedule 
of the conference call for Investors/Analysts held on 30th August, 2022 with senior 
management team of the Company and its material subsidiary, please find attached 
herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call.  
 
Further, this is to confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed in the aforesaid call.  
 
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://investorrelations.digispice.com/information.php?page=transcripts . 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above on record and acknowledge the receipt of the 
same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
(Ruchi Mehta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
RUCHI 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by RUCHI MEHTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=8e892ab09e48a636e0dbc885fdbf
93d53d095341b4241609cd3943c6aa3e931
b, postalCode=110091, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=cd0d3e0ee621ced09f7c59d
e557f78e2914d4d9a98a3be999b1ae4ad15
5b0f45, cn=RUCHI MEHTA 
Date: 2022.09.06 22:07:03 +05'30'

                                                                                         DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Digispice Technologies Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” August 30, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Attendees: 
 
Mr. Dilip Modi, Chairman, DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited; 
Mr. Vinit Kishore, CFO, DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited; 
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Co-Founder and CEO of Spice Money Limited; 
Mr. Rajneesh Arora, Co-Founder and Chief Product and Strategy 
Officer, Spice Money Limited; and  
Mr. Sunil Kapoor, Director and CFO, Spice Money Limited. 
 
 
 
 
 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Shiv Muttoo: 
Good 
afternoon, 
Everyone. Warm 
welcome 
to 
the 
Digispice 
Technologies Q1 FY23 earnings zoom webinar. We have with us today 
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Co-Founder and CEO of Spice Money; Mr. 
Rajneesh Arora, Co-Founder and Chief Product and Strategy Officer, 
Spice Money; and Mr. Sunil Kapoor, Director and CFO, Spice Money.  
Before we begin, I would like to state that some statements made in 
today's discussion maybe forward-looking in nature. The actual 
results may vary as they are dependent on several external factors. A 
statement in this regard has been included in the result presentation 
sent to you earlier. We will commence the call with the management 
taking you through the operational and financial performance for the 
period under review, following which we will have an interactive Q&A 
session. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Rajneesh Arora to commence the 
presentation. Over to you, Rajneesh. 
Rajneesh Arora:  
Thank you, Shiv. Hi everyone, a very warm welcome to this 
session. Thank you so much for taking out the time. Let's begin with 
the presentation, please. So this presentation is available on the 
website and also shared with the relevant stock exchanges. What I'll 
do is, I mean just hope some of you would have gone through the 
presentation. So what we'll do is we'll touch upon the key messages 
out of these presentations so we can quickly move on to the Q&A 
session. So as some of you may be aware or people who are attending 
are new to Digispice. There are two primary segments within 
Digispice business. One of them is called Fintech segment which 
houses the Spice Money business, Spice Money is a subsidiary of 
Digispice and Spice Money is India’s leading Rural Fintech 
platform. This segment today contributes more than 90% of the total 
consolidated revenues of Digispice. The other segment relates to 
Digital Technology services and is less than 10% of the total 
revenues. This segment largely deals with providing digital solutions 
to enterprises, which include Telcos, BFSI and other Enterprises.  
Since Spice Money contributes significantly to the overall financials of 
Digispice, we are largely going to focus our discussion on Spice 
Money today. So when we talk about Spice Money, the fundamental 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
problem that we are really solving here is the lack of access for rural 
citizens in the country. So we are basically making the financial 
services accessible to India’s rural citizens and in a way we are 
revolutionizing the way banking happens within Bharat. Bharat we 
refer to as semi urban and rural and just to specify what is semi 
urban and rural mean here, a semi urban refers to the way about 
6,000 blocks in the Country. So there are about 712 district 
headquarters in the Country which House 6,000 blocks and six 
lacs villages. So semi urban and rural refer to the blocks and villages 
in the Country. The current status of where Spice Money as a rural 
Fintech platform has reached is that we have in excess of 1 million 
Spice Money Adhikaris who operate on Spice Money platform. Spice 
Money Adhikaris are rural entrepreneurs or small retail merchants 
within blocks and villages who also double up providing banking and 
financial services to the end consumers.  
Spice Money today processes transactions worth 1,70,000 crores on 
an annualized basis. And for one of our key products, AEPS, which is 
Aadhaar Enabled Payment System, we have a market share of 
17.2%, in the off-us AEPS value market share. In terms of our 
penetration, we cover most of the 6,000 plus blocks within the 
Country. And we are today present in about 2 lacs villages out of the 
total 6 lacs villages in the Country and from a PIN code perspective, 
there is a coverage of about 18,000 plus pin codes within the 
Country.  
So just taking a view on how the whole Digital Payments Ecosystem is 
evolving in the Country, we've all seen digital payments significantly 
growing especially over the last couple of years. Today, there is about 
a $3 trillion market with respect to digital payments in the Country 
and according to a report by BCG, this is expected to grow to about 
$10 trillion market in the next five years. What is important to note is 
that the key drivers which has led to the growth of digital payments 
till now are one is the core expansion in the digital infrastructure. So 
basically a growth and penetration of smartphones and availability of 
products or new products like UPI which have significantly led to this 
growth. This growth has obviously been accelerated during pandemic. 
That's when we've seen the maximum growth. And the growth has 
also been driven by the growing merchant acceptance. So today 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
typically most of the merchants are able to accept digital payments 
primarily through a QR which works on UPI platform. What will lead 
to the growth going forward, I think these are very important 
parameters to understand besides what has already been leading to 
the growth, is building customer trust, addressing concerns around 
fraud management and simplify digital onboarding. So it's a lot more 
to do with the relevance of the product, which is now needed to bring 
people into the fold of Digital Payments who have till date been 
excluded out of the system. So I think this is the key take away from 
this slide.  
So this slide talks about where Spice Money is operating, in the rural 
market and how large and addressable is the rural market for India. 
So, rural today contributes about 46% to the National GDP and over 
the last more than five years it has consistently grown over at the rate 
of about 10% plus year on year, right. So really if you look at the 
India’s GDP that itself is being driven by rural. Second, about 2/3rd of 
the total workforce in the Country is employed in rural India, that's 
about 35 crore people employed and about 34 crores Internet 
subscribers in rural India, which has now exceeded urban India. In 
fact, it is 20 percent, this number in absolute is 20% more than 
urban India. So the point is that the overall economy and banking 
and financial services in particular, is going to be driven by rural 
India, that's what all the reports are saying. The key infrastructure on 
the basis of which this entire growth has been happening and will 
happen within rural India, there are very 3 core infrastructural 
elements which become very very relevant for rural. One of them is 
typically known as the JAM Trinity, Jan Dhan Aadhaar Mobile, Jan 
Dhan refers to the bank accounts which have been opened for people 
in general. So, today, there are about 46 crore Jan Dhan accounts 
that have been opened. A majority of them, about 31 crores, is for 
rural citizens and also a significant part of them is for women. So in 
general the message is that the banking penetration is continuing to 
increase.  
The second key infrastructure foundational block is the Aadhaar.  An 
entire population today has a biometric based Aadhaar available and 
for a large part of them their Aadhaar are seated in the bank account 
and this enables banking easier. The third is of course the growing 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
penetration of smartphone subscribers and that already rural is 
leading in terms of the growth of smartphone penetration in the 
Country. So the opportunity is actually enabled by a tech inclusive 
framework which is a mix of the growing digital infrastructure and 
what is called as an India stack or the public infrastructure which 
has become available for use.  
So, this slide talks about essentially, how a rural market is very 
different from the urban market. The relevant points being, so if you 
look at an urban market and if you look at a retail merchant. You will 
largely find that a retail merchant focuses on a particular category of 
goods. So there's a shoe seller, there is a garment seller, there is an 
FMCG seller. The moment you go down to smaller towns and 
villages, there is typically a merchant who's catering to multiple 
categories. So if I look at from a merchant's perspective, a merchant 
within urban is always looking for deepening within the category to 
grow his income, a merchant within rural is always looking to expand 
the number of categories to grow. And this becomes very, very 
relevant for the Spice Money business model. The relationship 
between the customer and the merchants in urban is largely 
transaction driven or its footfall in transactions driven. So, you like 
something, you pay and you move on and next time you're probably 
shopping at a different shop. In rural of course, this entire 
relationship is driven by community. It is like an intergenerational 
relationship that a rural merchant holds with the customers within 
rural. Coming to trust, in urban the trust is largely driven by 
marketing, advertising, brands. So our lens to any product or service 
is through the brand, what we think of the brand the moment you go 
to rural, the trust is largely driven by word of mouth and then the 
brand or the advertising starts to play. Again a very important point 
to understand how these nuances become very, very different 
between urban and rural and therefore how they decide what 
business models to chase. We all know in urban, relatively speaking, 
the demand is for a larger size products, in rural the demand is for a 
smaller ticket size products. I mean, we've seen this in FMCG where 
the whole sachet pricing came in and led to a huge growth for 
underserved markets. And this is equally true and largely true even 
for financial services, so for example if you pick up an insurance 
product or if you pick up a loan product, a credit product, the need 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
for the same in rural, the ticket size is so low that it starts to become 
unviable to meet by traditional business models. And then of course 
the awareness of digital and financial platforms or availability of 
physical and digital marketplace models is growing at a rapid pace in 
urban and we are yet to see any of this in the rural markets. Some of 
the urban market places do touch upon rural, but they're not really 
built for rural. And the other gap is that there is complete lack of 
awareness as well as literacy when it comes to using financial and 
digital platforms. Urban is served by a formal, organized service 
infrastructure and of course in rural there is a complete absence of 
the service infrastructure and therefore the whole lack of access that 
we're talking about. So what does all of this mean, because rural is 
different the products that you need in rural have to be made 
grounds up meant for rural and also the business model that you 
need to be able to enable for accessing the rural opportunity also has 
to be very relevant to rural and this is exactly where Spice Money 
comes into place. Spice Money has a unique business model where it 
utilizes the availability of existing infrastructure in the form of 
existing retail infrastructure and the trust that a retail merchant 
carries within rural to be able to deliver services to the rural in a 
viable manner. So, ultimately it is about economics because it is a 
shared infrastructure in an already existing infrastructure, the ability 
to provide a smaller ticket size product or service becomes far more 
viable and the fact that there is a local person who is able to establish 
a relationship of trust, it starts to become possible to transact 
financial services, where you essentially need trust to be able to serve 
the customer. So, that's where the Spice Money unique business 
model comes in, which utilizes the core of Digital Infrastructure and 
Technology and in already existing infrastructure of a network of 
Adhikaris to be able to do this. May I now request Sanjeev, who's the 
Co-founder and CEO, to take it forward from here.  
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Thanks Rajneesh! Good afternoon everyone and thank you so much 
for joining in. Over the next few slides and maybe 15 to 20 minutes, I 
want to cover on our operating model, the business model, especially 
what are we trying to do, the way forward and how we are trying to 
win Rural India in few of these services. So, carrying forward from 
what Rajneesh was speaking about on talking about the difference 
between urban India and rural India and fundamentally solving the 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
problem of lack of access, what are we trying to do is kind of build a 
Super App for  rural consumers. Now, what does this mean in simple 
words, what did we do is, we said let's put the consumer in the 
center, a rural consumer, and let's put down all his needs, and if I 
can put all these services using Technology and I put another 
platform and when we build a network of Entrepreneurs who we call 
Spice Money Adhikaris, at every village and block of this Country, 
then essentially, why does the rural consumer have to step out of the 
village. So, fundamentally we are trying to solve the problem of access 
of all for the basic services that are rural consumer needs. So what 
we did is we bucket the services into these nine big ones. On the left 
(of the slide), we have services which we are live with. This is basic 
banking, Cash deposit, withdrawal, and account opening now, Money 
Transfer, Payments, Travel Services, Cash Collection, both from 
Enterprises and Consumers. We will talk about all these services in 
detail in few slides, there are lot of other use cases that we're trying to 
solve, financial services, Insurance, E-commerce Services, Assisted 
Shopping, Healthcare, Government Services, lot of Government to 
consumer services and Entrepreneur solutions primarily for the 
merchants in rural India. If we're trying to build all these services 
onto the Spice Money platform. And build this network of 
Entrepreneurs who can be the community influencer in offering these 
services to the consumers at every village. 
If I extend the last slide of building that rural super app, looking at 
from a consumer lens, if I want to then talk about the business 
model, what are we doing? We're trying to build, in our parlance we 
call it, a very valuable ecosystem and what does it mean.So, if you 
look at the left (side of slide), we have all Service Partners, which can 
be also called as product manufacturers in our paralance, providing 
them service partners, banks and NBFCs. So on the left (side of slide), 
our service partners who want to provide services, who want to access 
the rural consumer, but are not being able to do it. On the right (side 
of slide), are the rural consumers who have these needs. In between 
is where we come. These are Spice Money Entrepreneurs who, like we 
said in the last slide, have been given in the app, who use this 
app. We've integrated those services products and services from these 
partners onto this app and these entrepreneurs serve the rural 
consumer. So it's a win-win for all. Service partners earlier couldn't 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
access 
this 
consumer, 
rural 
consumer 
because 
of 
unit 
economics. Now, we are solving for them that you're saying what, 
come on to our platform. We are there in rural India, for the 
Entrepreneurs, since they're able to serve, offer more and more 
services it's a source of livelihood for them, its increasing additional 
income and hence lot of Entrepreneurship is being created in rural 
India. And on the right is consumers who wouldn’t have access to all 
these services all this while. Hence today they don't have to walk 
miles, they get all these services at the door step in the village.  
So if I were to look at the road map of Spice Money, where are we 
headed, so if we continue the fundamental problem statement of 
solving the access challenge in rural India and then I continue to 
repeat rural India for us is the 6 lac villages and the 6,000 
blocks. We've now at this stage we have built the largest network, 
which is primarily for Cash Deposit, Cash Withdrawal. There's also 
payments that has been built over that that kind of network. On that, 
now we're building the Cash Collection Network. Cash collection 
network is let's say more Enterprises, there are NBFCs that have 
given loans to consumers in rural India, and today they have to 
collect cash from them and we'll talk about in the latest slide how can 
I use this network for enabling consumers to come and deposit the 
cash at my counter. That's the second part. Third is, this network 
now expands to building the largest Banking and Financial Services 
platform for India. Post which like Banking and Financial Services, 
we'll add all other digital services like we spoke about in the Super 
app story, Travel, Commerce, Healthcare, G2C and 5th is a direct to 
consumer because at some point of time rural India there is a section 
of consumers who will go digital, the youth primarily. We want to be 
in the ecosystem, we want to be the first, we want to participate in 
that digital movement. Hence, we're also building the direct to 
consumer platform which is going to be enabled by this Adhikari 
platform.  
So, let me take one example of now over the next 3-4 slides I want to 
talk about how we are solving this problem. So first problem like I 
said is the basic banking of cash withdrawal, what is the problem 
statement, so what happened is given that Jan Dhan accounts 43 
crore accounts today got open and hence what happened is lot of 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
money in rural that started to move into the Bank Accounts. But the 
question remains where the infrastructure for these consumers to 
withdraw this money is. So problem statement is a rural Indian 
consumer would have to walk 20-25 kilometers to access the bank 
branch to withdraw money. This is where we come in using 
technology, obviously stack AePS solved by NPCI. We've been able to 
now on our network, a Spice Money Adhikari, the consumer walks up 
to our Adhikari network, he uses the Adhikari app through biometric 
and is able to withdraw money. The consumer is able to withdraw 
money from any of his Bank account. So today the consumer does 
not have to walk 20-25 kilometers to just avail basic banking of cash 
deposit, cash withdrawal.  
How does this work? In the next slide I'll just talk about a 
consumer walks to a Spice Money merchant called the Spice Money 
Adhikari. He is equipped with a smart phone where the Spice Money 
app is installed on it. He has a biometric machine. The Adhikari 
enters the Aadhaar and Bank details. The consumer checks his bank 
account balance, withdraws money. The cash goes to the consumer. 
The money gets instantly credited to the Adhikari, including the 
commission for the transit. This entire transaction happens in about 
less than a minute.  
The second part of the overall cash withdrawal problem statement is 
mobile ATM solutions. For example, there are many instances in rural 
India where the Bank Aadhar doesn't work because of fingerprints 
and other technical reasons. We've also solved it through let's say 
1/10th of our network today has these micro ATM devices. Wherein, 
today a lot of these consumers come with debit card and they 
withdraw money from our outlet using debit card, another business 
line which has been growing significantly for us.  
From the last two slides I was talking about solving for rural for ATM 
banking by using AePS Aadhaar enabled or either debit card, both 
solutions we have we been solving and we're the largest network 
there.  The second piece again, which very interesting is the cash 
collection which regained some significant traction in the last 12 to 
15 months and we see a lot of opportunities there. Problem statement 
is there is an enterprise like some microfinance NBFC logistic 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
company. They want to collect cash from rural consumers. What they 
have to do is they have to send their cash collection agent, to go to 
these villages, blocks, collect cash, come back to the district 
headquarters where the branches are, deposit money there. Here 
there's logistics challenge, there's fraud, that has cost challenges 
here. What have we done, we've tied up with these Enterprises and 47 
Enterprise already on board till date and we said, why you have to tell 
the agent to go back to your branch, why doesn't he deposit that cash 
at our outlet? And that is something which is kind of scaled up, if you 
look at this matrix graph here on the right bottom, we did nothing on 
this business and we had in FY20- 9 crore, nearly 420 crore in FY21 
which became 10,800 crore, and we're seeing this business 
increasing pass for nearly 4,000 crore in Q1. In the same space, we 
are now also expanding this for consumers to come and deposit 
money at our outlets at a village level. So this is another business line 
which we're solving for, which has got some increasing potential as 
we see this over the next few quarters.  
Third adjacent to financial services, like we said, Digital Services, 
Travel is another one that we've picked up in the early stages, but 
we've been able to pick this up because of an adjacent problem 
statement we saw in our business, again ‘access’ if the rural 
consumer has to travel, he would have to walk to a block as there no 
travel agents in village, he wants to book tickets there, and even the 
agents would book tickets for these consumers didn't have a product. 
So, lot of them would use directly they would either book a ticket 
from IRCTC for these consumers or they would use different apps but 
a product solution was not there which would offer all products in 
one window. What we did is we launched Travel Union, which is an 
aggregator of all products of Train, Bus, Travel, Hotel on one app, 
which means that today including Spice Money Adhikaris and other 
Travel Agents in rural India, they can use their Travel Union app. To 
solve for ‘to do travel bookings for rural consumer’ at the Village and 
a block level. This business again has gained significant traction in 
last year, this was launched last year in August early days for us still 
as we try and build this business, but another business opportunity 
like we said, access problem, another business that we see 
tremendous potential.  

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
So, if I want to talk about some quick key operating metrics and there 
are few that I want to highlight is entire business would continue to 
remain focused on transaction business, transaction GTV. So the 
customer GTV is grown by the Adhikari network, which if you look at 
the last few quarters were about nearly 10,80,000 Adhikaris today, 
which is about 6.8 lacs last quarter of last year. The entire customer 
transaction, GTV, gross transaction value that is grown is basically 
on the back of this. Like I said, the basic products that have enabled 
this has been the cash out, the AePS, mobile ATM services, money 
remittances and cash management, these are primarily the services 
that have enabled this grwth. We obviously are expanding this to 
diversify with financial services like I said, cash management is 
increasing, is going to scale up further we're going to get into more of 
financial services and even basic services as we move forward. The 
last one on the right bottom, this graph is pretty important for us and 
this is what is the outcome of the growth that we've seen is in last two 
years what we've definitely demonstrated is we've been able to build 
this largest network and we are a number one player here and the 
AePS off-us market share roughly growing was closed last year and 
16.4 we have closed the first quarter at 17.2 and we continue to 
increase this as we build the network. That's all from my side. I'm 
going to invite Sunil to take us through the financial metrics, so well 
Sunil over to you, please.  
Sunil Kapoor: 
Thanks Sanjeev. This slide represents the Spice Money, that's a 
Fintech business’ last three years numbers and the CAGR growth 
with respect to financial numbers and on the right hand side we have 
put up the quarter results year on year and the last quarter. So if we 
see that our customers GTV from the quarter on quarter in 
comparison to the last year has grown from Rs. 18,000 crores to 
Rs.26,000 crores, almost 45%.  Also in line, the revenue has grown 
from Rs. 69 crores to Rs. 103 crores. Almost 49% this is on the back 
of the number of Adhikari growth and the enhancement in the 
products and new product launches. And on the gross margin side, if 
we see that gross margin has improved in terms of percentage more 
than what increase in service revenue and the customer GTV that's 
due to product mix and the basis of what's the scale we are achieving. 
EBITDA for this quarter is almost 35% up from the previous quarter 
last year. PBIT is almost flat and if we see that service fees GM and 

DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
August 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
service fee revenue that has also got improved what I have explained 
is due to the product mix and the enhancement of the products. So 
EBITDA growth is almost 35% on year on year.  
This slides represents the Consolidated Financial Summary which 
covers Spice Money and Digispice Technologies platform. As far as 
this quarter performance is concerned with respect to year on year we 
have growth, but on all other numbers we are having on consolidated 
numbers, we are kind of flat growth in comparison to the previous 
quarter, but on year on year we have grown. EBITDA is also kind of 
flat with respect to the previous year same quarter and we have little 
bit negative with respect to PBIT in this quarter, that's going to be 
improved in the coming quarters and if you see that Spice Money 
revenue to the total revenue that is almost 95%. And GM contribution 
is also coming to 87%. That's this slides represents that we are kind 
of on the growth of the Spice Money and we are building on the 
Digispice Technologies business. Thanks, over to you Shiv.  
Shiv Muttoo: 
We will now start with the question and answer session. Please note 
that Mr. Dilip Modi, Chairman, Digispice Technologies and Mr. Vinit 
Kishore, CFO, Digispice Technologies will also participate in the Q&A 
session. Request the participants to raise their virtual hand to ask 
the question. Please state your full name and name of the 
Organization you represent before asking the question.  
 There are no questions from any participant. We'll conclude this discussion and thank you 
for joining the Q1 earnings call of Digispice Technologies and with this, we close this 
session. Thank you for your participation.  
 Note: This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy. 
 
