 
 
 
 
 
September 29, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
BSE Limited 
“Exchange Plaza” 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Relations Department 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra East 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
NSE Symbol: AMARAJABAT  
 
 
 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 500008 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst / Investor Call - Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Analysts/Investors Call on Scheme of Arrangement 
with Mangal Industries Limited held on Monday, September 26, 2022 at 19:30 Hrs IST. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the aforesaid transcript of the Investor Call will be uploaded on the Company's website i.e., 
https://www.amararajabatteries.com/Investors/statutory-filings-with-stock-exchange  
 
We request you to take on record the same. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vikas Sabharwal 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Vikas 
Sabhar
wal
Digitally signed by Vikas Sabharwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=4d443cb53202ec167aec1
e66a9edc485e187656592538fd685
8a4023b8a8d306, 
postalCode=110052, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=1ebf4de41885feeb8
db316d4a0f7d2aa5d9d19b58eba0
a43f597b8c78e577a3a, cn=Vikas 
Sabharwal 
Date: 2022.09.29 14:32:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
Transcript of the Analysts/ Investors’ Call  
 Monday, September 26, 2022 at 07:30 P.M.IST 
 
Participants of the Company   
 
Mr. Jayadev Galla 
Chairman, Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Harshavardhana Gourineni 
Executive Director 
 
Mr. C. Narasimhulu Naidu 
Chief Operations Officer 
 
Mr. Y Delli Babu  
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vikas Sabharwal 
Company Secretary 
 
Mr. Rishi Vora 
Kotak Securities Limited 
 
 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the Amara Raja 
Batteries Limited Conference Call hosted by Kotak Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishi Vora from Kotak Securities 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you Sir! 
Rishi Vora: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We have with us today Mr. Jayadev 
Galla – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Harshvardhana Gourineni - 
Executive Director; Mr. Narasimhulu Naidu – Chief Operation Officer; Mr. 
Delli Babu, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Vikas Sabharwal – Company 
Secretary present from the Company. 
The Company has announced a Scheme of Arrangement with Mangal 
Industries Limited for the demerger of plastic component for batteries 
business of Mangal Industries into the Company. The proposed scheme 
is announced with an objective of backward integration of operations and 
gain control over supply chain. On behalf of Management of Amara Raja 
Batteries Limited, we welcome you all for this conference call. 
With this I would request Mr. Delli Babu to present on the proposed 
transaction. Over to you, Sir. 
Delli Babu: 
Good evening to everyone and a warm welcome to this call. As Rishi 
mentioned, the call is basically to inform you about the proposed Scheme 
of Arrangement that we have entered with Mangal Industries, which is a 
step towards backward integration of the materials required for battery 
manufacturing. We have uploaded the presentation and I will just run you 
through briefly the content that is there in the presentation, and then give 
a brief about this proposed transaction. And after that, the Management is 
here to take questions. 
I will right away jump into Slide #6 that is posted on the website, basically 
to give you a brief about Amara Raja Batteries. Today we have eight 
manufacturing plants, manufacturing four-wheeler application batteries, 
two-wheeler application batteries, home inverter batteries and batteries 
for all industrial storage applications as well. We have been the largest 
employer in the State of Andhra Pradesh, workforce with average age of 
about 31 years. 
We have recently announced about a year back about our foray into the 
new energy business in terms of developing products and solutions in the 
Advanced Cell Chemistry and EV applications and Storage applications 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
as well. Currently, we are making battery packs for three-wheeler. On the 
Industrial side as we are also developing products on the EFB and AGM 
range. And then have been catering to all the OEM and aftermarket 
customers. Today Amara Raja is the second largest lead-acid battery 
manufacturer. Now we are obviously moving into the new journey as well. 
Today, we have the capacity to manufacture about close to 16.2 million of 
four-wheeler batteries, and about 29 million two-wheeler batteries and our 
industrial capacity is around 2 bn AH. Currently all our manufacturing 
locations are located in the State of Andhra Pradesh in Chittoor District. 
Our marketing presence is across India and also across the Southeast 
Asia, Middle East and other export destinations. We have close to about 
400+of Amaron® brand franchisees, who are supported by about 30,000 
plus retail network through which we reach out to the nook and corner of 
this country. And also, the second brand which is PowerZone™ where 
the retail partners are in the range of 1000 to 1500. 
To just give you a brief about the Mangal Industries Limited, Mangal 
Industries Limited has been engaged in the manufacture of engineering 
components 
ranging 
from 
fasteners, 
auto 
components, 
forging 
components, plastic components for batteries, etc. Mangal Industries is 
engaged in this business since 2004. 
So, we have given a brief about the journey that Mangal Industries had in 
Slide #8 as well as Slide #9. If you look at Slide #9, what we are talking 
about as a demerged undertaking today is about the plastic components 
that are being manufactured by Mangal Industries, which accounts for 
roughly 39% of their revenue. Apart from that they are into the product 
segments like storage solutions, metal fabrication and other auto 
components manufacturing, and they are also into trading of certain 
specialty chemicals. 
So, today, the business that batteries is interested in is the plastic 
components, that is the business that Amara Raja Batteries is trying to 
demerge from Mangal Industries and then vest it with the flagship. 
I am moving on to Slide #11, to give you a structure of the transaction. 
Today, Amara Raja Batteries, the promoters hold about 28.06% and rest 
is held by public. And in Mangal Industries, a 100% of the shares are held 
by promoters. And in Mangal Industries, this plastic component for battery 
is one business and there are other businesses as I have explained 
earlier. 
What we are proposing now is to demerge this plastic component 
business. Eventually the resultant structure after concluding this 
transaction will be as shown here. Based on the swap ratio as evaluated 
by the independent valuers, for every 74 shares of MIL, there will be 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
allotment of 65 shares of ARBL. So, with that the expected promoter 
stake will be around 32.86% versus the public share of about 67.14%. 
Moving on to the next slide, which is Slide #12. This business has 
commenced in 2004 and this business is catering to Amara Raja 
Batteries Limited. And it has three manufacturing facilities as you can see 
in the bottom left side of the slide. We have one facility in ARGC, Chittoor, 
the other is in Karakambadi. These two facilities are co-located with the 
battery manufacturing. And the third facility is in a location called 
Petamitta. 
This business has about 150 odd injection molding machines and as part 
of the scheme what we are proposing is both the land, building and plant 
and machinery along with the facilities will be taken over by ARBL, in 
ARGC and Karakambadi and the machinery which is there in Petamitta 
will get shifted to the ARGC and Karakambadi locations, so that the entire 
plastic manufacturing will get co-located along with the places where we 
make batteries, so that it will further optimize the overall logistics cost as 
well. So, this transfer of machinery will be taken care by the demerged 
undertaking over the period of next 15 months. And so that the entire 
manufacturing will get located at a single place, which will give us the 
synergies in terms of both the logistics costs, manpower costs, and so on 
and so forth. 
Moving on, I am now on Slide #13. Mangal itself has done a lot of process 
improvements within their business. Over a period of time, they have 
automated several of their processes, which has helped in building the 
efficiency within their business. They have developed certain components 
for plastic material, which also helped us in developing good quality 
containers for the battery. It also helped us in maintaining our designs 
and 
other 
mould 
maintenance 
in 
integral 
manner 
to 
battery 
manufacturing, which has helped us in terms of turning out any new 
products, the speed at which we could turn out those new products was 
really at a faster pace. It also helped us in minimizing the number of 
moulds that we need to maintain for this kind of business. 
Today, they have a 37,000 tons PPCP processing capacity, with about 
1,400 plus employees and three manufacturing facilities. And their 
revenue for last three years are mentioned over there, about Rs. 412 
crores in FY20 and Rs. 421 crores in FY21, and in FY22 Rs. 569 crores. 
Of course FY22 was also a year where we have seen phenomenal 
increase in the PPCP prices. That's also a reason why the revenue got 
inflated. So, on an overall basis, this business is at about 17% EBITDA 
margin and at about 10% PAT margin. 
The net debt of this business is about Rs. 99 crores which is going to be 
assumed by Amara Raja Batteries as part of this transaction. Taking this 
business into Amara Raja Batteries will be EPS accretive from the word 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
go., if you move to the next slide, which is Slide #14. The reason why this 
transaction has been undertaken is basically to look at backward 
integration of all the major materials that we need for battery 
manufacturing. 
You may be aware that we have recently started constructing a battery 
recycling plant, which will also include plastics recycling as a part of the 
battery recycling plant that means, the backward integration for all the raw 
material required is also going to be a step taken as part of our 
sustainability initiatives as well. So, this will further help us in ensuring 
that we are making all the components required for the batteries and 
enhance control the supply chain related to the battery manufacturing. 
And as I was mentioning as part of this transaction about 1.22 crore 
shares will be allotted to the promoters of Mangal Industries Limited at a 
swap ratio of 65:74. And the approvals that are required for this 
transaction are from SEBI and then through NCLT and various other 
regulatory approvals apart from taking approval from shareholders and 
creditors and bankers as well. 
So, today the Board has considered this scheme and then it is approved, 
and then we will be filing for the required regulatory approvals from SEBI 
sometime in this month and then the NCLT process will take over. And 
we expect for the whole transaction to conclude anywhere between 12 to 
14 months. 
I am now moving to Slide #15, where we are explaining the transaction 
rationale as it is going to be a backward integration process. Secondly, 
there are synergies that are going to come in with optimization of the 
employee cost, power cost and also the logistics cost, and then ARBL will 
be in a better position to make further improvements in the procurement 
processes and then help further improving material cost side of it. 
We expect this to be EPS accretive in the first year itself. And in terms of 
the simplification of the operations, the related party transactions which 
we have been diligently disclosing to all shareholders, will also come 
down with this proposed scheme so which will further help in improving 
the profitability of Amara Raja Batteries. And it will be a win-win situation 
for everyone involved. 
I am now moving to Slide #17 where it indicates the timelines that are 
required for this transaction. As I have mentioned today Board has 
approved then we will move to Stock Exchange and the NCLT process. 
As you can see there after the shareholders and creditors meeting and 
then we expect the transaction to get concluded, sometime around 
September 2023. 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
We have engaged the advisors for this transaction, KMCC has been the 
financial advisor and the fairness opinion provider. And Transaction 
Square has been working with us on this transaction processes. And JSA 
did the legal due-diligence and also advised us on the legal matters with 
respect to this transaction. 
We have engaged couple of valuers, Bansi S. Mehta and Mr. Niranjan 
Kumar who are the registered valuers, and they have provided their 
independent valuation certificates which are placed before the Audit 
Committee and the Board Committee today along with the Board. And 
E&Y did the financial and tax due diligence for this particular process. So, 
we have completed this process so far and then today Boards of both the 
companies have approved this transaction. 
So, just to give a brief about how we are going to do about our future 
building blocks at this stage, naturally with the lead-acid battery business 
having expanded both in India and across the Indian Ocean Rim 
countries, it is time for us to also focus on efficiency initiatives and then 
get into the recycling piece, both from the sustainability angle as well as 
ensuring the regulations being thoroughly met. And then there is also an 
effort to continue to cater and then improve the lead-acid batteries by 
launching the EFB and the AGM product range. And also to penetrate 
deeper into our export markets that's the strategy that we have articulated 
last year. There is considerable amount of action that's happening in 
terms of deepening our export presence, so that the export volumes will 
further help us continue the growth momentum. 
And in all this digital transformation is a very important piece in our overall 
strategy, be it in terms of improving the internal processes, or with respect 
to improve the customer experience. That's been an area of focus and 
steady amount of resources are being spent on that side. So, that we are 
in a much better position in terms of serving our customer needs. 
And as you know, the next journey that we have articulated earlier in 
terms of moving on to EV and energy storage with Advanced Cell 
Chemistry, that's also a very important piece, that's going to take equal 
amount of focus both on the lead-acid battery business as well as on the 
new emerging EV business as well. 
So, lastly, I would like to give you a glimpse of how are we approaching 
this whole sustainability piece. As I have mentioned, right now, we need 
to make the battery recycling as an integral process for the entire battery 
manufacturing, which is where we are trying to bring all our stakeholders 
into common platform, so that the whole recycling initiative becomes a 
success, which will help us not only to save costs, but also to complement 
our focus around our environmental and safety measures that we take as 
a core priority for us in our business. So, it is also a step in that direction. 
And it ensures a good amount of circular economy getting established 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
around the lead-acid battery manufacturing. And over a period of time, 
this should help us even in our new energy business as well. 
So, in terms of our growth momentum, idea is how do we leverage our 
existing volume relationships or our channel and then grow more with the 
existing distribution network that we have setup by driving digital enabled 
innovative business processes, and also expand our international market 
reach. We know we are currently strong in the Indian Ocean Rim, 
Southeast Asia, Middle East are some of the largest markets; and in 
some of the countries in these regions, we are present in a significant 
manner. And how do we continue to enhance our customer experience 
and brand strength, that's another major initiative that is being considered 
apart from continue to work on advanced products, using our advanced 
stamped grid technology, and then providing advanced lead-acid 
batteries to our customer segments. 
So, this has been an approach that we have been consistently following. 
And this step of bringing the entire plastic manufacturing into Amara Raja 
Batteries business is a step in the right direction on many counts, one to 
improve the efficiency of the business, second to ensure that supply chain 
control and simplify the operational structure, and that's going to create 
value for all the stakeholders that are involved. 
That is what I wanted to say about the presentation that we have hosted. 
Now all the Management team is available here. I request you to ask any 
questions and clarifications around it, happy to answer them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question 
and answer session. The first question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi 
from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So, first of all, thanks for taking this step-in terms of merging promoter 
owned businesses into the listed entity. Any plans of merging remaining 
businesses which are coming, supplying to Amara Raja listed entity in 
foreseeable future? 
Jayadev Galla: 
Hello Mr. Gandhi, this is J. Galla speaking. What we did is we evaluated 
the various components that Mangal is currently supplying. And these are 
the components the plastic components where 100% of the supply from 
Mangal is going to only one customer, which is Amara Raja Batteries. 
Whereas the some of the other components which we are making, we 
have other customers that we are supplying to as well. So, for that 
reason, we continue to grow those businesses, where Amara Raja is not 
the only customer, we have several customers that we are catering to. 
And therefore that will remain with Mangal and not be transferred. That 
has been the decision that we made as of now. 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Delli Babu: 
Just to add on that point Jinesh, basically we looked at businesses which 
make products for ARBL. Also to take example of some of those 
elements which are smaller in size, it doesn't make real economic 
significance for Amara Raja Batteries per se, because those operations 
are better served when they are serving both for external as well as 
internal customers. So, that's the reason that's not been considered. 
Jayadev Galla: 
And it cuts down the related party transactions from Mangal to ARBL by 
about 60%. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And would 100% of Amara Raja’s plastic components requirements 
would be served by Mangal Industries or we also source from open 
market. 
Delli Babu: 
At this point of time, it is being served by Mangal Industries 100%. So, 
there are no outsourced plastic components that we are buying. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Can you share the capital employed of the acquired assets, what it could 
be? 
Delli Babu: 
You are talking about the demerged undertaking? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right, primarily the plastic component businesses’ capital employed? 
Delli Babu: 
Yes, on the book value basis, it may be around 25% or so. Once we have 
the fair valuation of the assets being completed, then we will understand 
what will be the ROCE impact  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And one very broad question. I mean, given that this business was 
already part of the promoter group. So, there would be some form of 
synergies which are already in place. And considering the technological 
changes happening in our core businesses, it would have made sense to 
deploy more capital towards future technologies rather than going 
backward integrated at this point in time. 
Delli Babu: 
See as you know, this is an all-share transaction. At this point of time, the 
ability for Amara Raja Batteries to deploy capital into the new energy 
initiative, or maybe strengthening the lead-acid battery, per se, are not 
going to get affected. Secondly, when we look at our overall thought 
process around lead-acid battery business, we still see a very clear 
runway at least for next 15 years at the minimum. After that, well I mean, 
that's a crystal ball gazing, anyone can do. But in that sense, taking this 
business into us now will help us to improve our overall profitability and 
the efficiency metrics will improve. So, in that sense, it makes sense for 
the lead-acid battery business to backward integrate, and improve the 
efficiencies and deliver the value. 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Jayadev Galla: 
So, let me just add as Delli was saying this is a cashless transaction so 
there is no financial burden on the Company as such, which will prevent 
us from making any other investments that we need to make. Secondly, 
also, as Delli mentioned, we are very bullish about the future of lead-acid 
batteries. Even with the transition going from IC engine to EV taking 
place. The low-voltage system in every Electric Vehicle also requires a 
separate battery. They don't tap into the main lithium-ion battery, which is 
used for the propulsion of the vehicle. But all the low-voltage electronics 
and other gadgets in the car need to be serviced by an auxiliary battery, 
you could call it, and that is currently the lead-acid battery is playing that 
role in every Electric Vehicle as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat 
Capitals. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
This business has a 17% EBITDA margin and 10% PAT margin. So, is it 
only for the demerged business? 
Delli Babu: 
Yes, it is only for the demerged business. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, operating margin of the Company especially for this Amara Raja, we 
have seen a basic collection about 500 basis in last five, six quarters. And 
that was due to the increase in the lead prices plus the non-lead cost, 
which was difficult to pass on to the OEMs, and it includes the plastic and 
separators parts also. So, you are talking about a 17% EBITDA margin 
and a 10% margin is it for the last year only or it is the historical margin? 
So, that means if we merge this business, there will be significant impact 
on the margin side? 
Delli Babu: 
Yes, see we believe once this transaction comes in, at least there should 
be an EBITDA impact in the range of 0.75% to 1% on the Amara Raja 
Batteries business, because this business currently at an EBITDA of Rs. 
100 crores, with the processing capacity what it has, should be helping us 
in improving the overall profitability of the lead-acid battery business. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, as the lead prices has corrected in last two, three months, and there 
will be backward integration. So, what kind of the EBITDA margin we are 
targeting in the next one year, from Q3 and Q4  
Delli Babu: 
We have not been giving a guidance for the future, we have been telling 
that 14% to 16% as an EBITDA margin on our legacy business is 
something that we can continue to earn based on where the lead is, but 
definitely this plastics business also coming in will further improve the 
range.  As I was mentioning, based on the workings that we have done so 
far, it should give us at least a 0.75% to 1% kind of an impact, but would 
like to do, I mean for me to go ahead and then give you a commitment, 
that will be a little too early, but definitely yes, profitability wise it will be 
improving as well as it will be EPS accretive as well. 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Abhishek Jain: 
My last question is related with lithium-ion battery plant; you are going to 
set up 3 to 4 GW plant. And so just wanted to understand, are you looking 
for some strategic investors. If you can throw some more light there? 
Jayadev Galla: 
Yes, this call is actually meant for a different purpose. But since you 
asked this question, I will give you a quick answer for that. We are not 
looking for strategic investors as such at the moment. We are looking for 
tying up a technology partner, we are in the search process. We also are 
identifying the location where we are going to be setting up the plant. And 
the earlier question that somebody asked, will this affect our ability to 
invest in new business, this will not affect our ability to invest in those new 
businesses. We intend to first start investing through debt mechanism. 
And then in future as the value of the business gets created and 
improves, then we will think about dilution at that point of time. 
Delli Babu: 
Yes, Abishek just to add one line on that is our investment plans are 
definitely to build a giga scale plant. There will be a step-based 
implementation of the program. Initially, we are not looking at any 
immediate strategic investors per se. ARBL has the wherewithal to do the 
initial investment. As the business scales up, we will take those calls at an 
appropriate time. 
Jayadev Galla: 
Currently we have an R&D facility which is a product scale R&D facility in 
Karakambadi in the Tirupati site, where we are manually manufacturing 
cells, just to understand the technology more. The next step would be to 
establish a mega scale plant, which is also going to be a pilot plant, in 
order to establish the manufacturing process and validate the 
manufacturing process. Once we complete that plant, then we would go 
to the giga scale plant. 
Abhishek Jain: 
In the industrial segments, demand for the lithium-ion battery is 
accelerating and many peers are entering into this space. So, how you 
are coping with this sort of the situations? 
Jayadev Galla: 
Sorry, what was the last part of the question? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, how you will tackle this situation where there is a huge competition in 
the industrial segments for lithium-ion batteries is gaining traction. And 
your contribution is from the industrial side is around 30% of the revenue. 
Jayadev Galla: 
Yes, as of now there is nobody who is manufacturing the cells in India. 
There is a lot of people who have made announcements and they have 
talked about their intent. But there is actually nobody who is actually 
manufacturing any cells in India today. Everyone is only importing the 
cells from other countries and packaging them into systems. That is the 
current status. We don't believe we are far behind anybody in that sense. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, your market share is intact in the telecom segment? 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Jayadev Galla: 
Yes, in telecom if we look at lithium-ion has started to penetrate in 
telecom, especially in some of the smaller sites with 5G rollout that would 
increase to some extent. But otherwise, in the lead-acid battery space, we 
continue to maintain our market shares. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Can you indicate what is the current capacity utilization of this 37,000-ton 
capacity for the plastic parts? 
Delli Babu: 
They are almost around 90% of the capacities are being utilized Jinesh. 
So, currently, the utilization levels are optimal. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And secondly, in the technology of plastic parts, which we have, how 
future proof it is, with respect to its application, so lithium-ion batteries, 
the same technology be applicable for use there as well? Or how do we 
see that? 
Delli Babu: 
See the injection moulding machines, generally based on how you 
develop a mould and the tonnage capacity that will be there in each 
machine. It can be definitely repurposed, even for lithium battery pack 
related plastic components. But as such today, if you look at in our overall 
battery pack, the component of plastics will be limited. But nevertheless, I 
would request, Harsha to add. 
Harshvardhana .G: 
Yes, Mr. Gandhi with injection moulding technology, it's always possible 
to change the moulds and suit the product required. But as we are 
experiencing with our current pack development, most casing is done in 
metallics, but as and when suitable plastic casing can be made for 
different applications, we can definitely take that out. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And with respect to shareholders approval, just to clarify whether you 
need majority of minority shareholders’ approval, right. 
Delli Babu: 
Absolutely yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Vora from Kotak 
Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Vora: 
Just about the plastic business of Mangal Industries. Could you also give 
us some idea about the profit like EBITDA margins in FY21, and what 
would be the asset turn of this business? 
Delli Babu: 
The asset turnover of this business is around two and a half times the 
revenue. And if you adjust for the PPCP price, the business has been 
making similar level of margins even in the earlier years. Obviously, if you 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
look at the reported numbers, it will appear higher because the PPCP 
levels in FY20 and '21 were at a lower level, it was around Rs. 80 to Rs. 
90 at those levels. So, naturally that base impact will be there. So, there 
will be a little bit of higher margins in the earlier years. But on a stabilized 
steady-state business, it is a business capable of delivering about 16% to 
17% kind of EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Vibhav Zutshi from JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
Just wanted to understand a bit more on the synergies on the EBITDA 
margin side that you highlighted about 75 to 100 bps. If I look at the 
different cost item lines, you mentioned, there is going to be synergies, 
even on power costs. And especially if you look at the recent power tariff 
hikes in Andhra Pradesh, that's something which has gone up. So, just 
wanted to understand, if I look at different cost item lines, logistics costs, 
raw materials, power costs, broadly what would be the synergies in terms 
of percentage points that you can highlight? 
Delli Babu: 
As far as power is concerned, you are right, while the recent duty hike 
has definitely caused the power costs to go up for all businesses in AP. 
But with ARBL coming out with its 50 MW ground mounted solar power, 
and also already we have about 20 MW of rooftop solar power that's 
existing, the impact of this additional tariffs that has come out is going to 
partially absorb with these initiatives. 
Apart from that, in case of Mangal, earlier they used to have smaller KVA 
connections. So, obviously when these facilities get integrated into ARBL, 
we are running the higher KV connections, there is an element of fixed 
cost absorption happening over there, that itself should give us another 
25 paisa kind of saving on the power cost. So, all in all, when we 
calculate the overall synergies will be in the range of around Rs. 6 crores 
per annum should be the result of, be it employ cost synergy, power cost 
and the ability to improve further on the raw material cost side. This Rs. 6 
crores number what I have mentioned is on a post-tax basis, so, these 
are all the areas which should result some more synergies for us. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
And just how much would plastics be as a total proportion of the raw 
material costs, I am assuming that lead is like the substantial part, so how 
much plastics account to be? 
Delli Babu: 
Say around 10% will be in the material costs around 10% will be the 
plastics component. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashank Kanodia from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Shashank Kanodia: You have a leadership position in the lead-acid space, right. But I mean, 
in the initial, in one of the previous concall you expressed your desire for 
a 10 GW kind of a battery cell manufacturing capacity. So, given the fact 
that there are new players who are sitting up the lithium-ion cell 
manufacturing space in India, like Reliance or some of the OEMs like Ola 
and Hero MotoCorp as well so how do you see, do you feel that you are 
lacking in that space in terms of investments and commitment or any 
forward journey, roadmap that you can share for the next three to five 
years? 
Jayadev Galla: 
I mean, when we indicated about 10 GW hours would be the capacity that 
is an estimate only, once we get into the detailed project execution, you 
know, when we finalize the technology and everything else, then only we 
would decide on what our initial capacity would be. In fact, we quoted 
more than 10 even in the PLI scheme that Government of India had 
recently floated. There, I think we quoted 12 GW hours. 
So, finally, depending on the manufacturing process, and the machinery 
that we will be selecting, and the product technology that we will be 
selecting that will determine the final initial capacity. 
But one thing we need to keep in mind is that it is a very different industry 
than what we are currently in. Even though both are batteries, the 
application is -- and they are both being used in vehicles. The lead-acid 
battery is only doing the starting and lighting and providing the backup for 
all the electronics onboard. But this is getting into propulsion of the 
vehicle itself. And the scale is different, the technology is different, the 
manufacturing process is different, only customer base remains 
somewhat similar. So, that's where we have some synergy with our 
existing business. 
But we would be competing with very different people as you rightly said, 
the likes of Reliance and Tata’s and other big corporations are all eyeing 
this. Earlier our competitors were a different list, going forward with 
lithium, our competition would be a different list. 
So, having said that the demand is only a projected demand at the 
moment, the conversion is only a projected conversion at the moment, 
you know moving to Electric Vehicle. Today the volumes are still very low, 
in India, in spite of all the announcements being made by many 
manufacturers, it is a very small volume. And if we invest ahead of time, I 
think that would also be very wrong. So, I think the timing of the 
investment also needs to be carefully planned out. Especially the scaling 
up has to be carefully planned out where there should be a real demand 
coming up, we should be able to see the demand before scaling up to any 
huge scale, otherwise it becomes a non-performing asset. And we have 
seen industries where people have invested too early or unviable 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
investments, where they become NPAs. We don't have any intention to 
become an NPA. 
Shashank Kanodia: What's the normal gestation period from the timeline wherein you decide 
to step up a project and actually comes on stream for electric capacity of 
roughly three to five GW are? 
Jayadev Galla: 
About two years. And that would be, as of now, nobody has grounded or 
started construction of a manufacturing plant for lithium-ion in a giga 
scale, that I am aware of. It's only been announcements that have been 
made, nobody has actually started the process of constructing a plant. 
Shashank Kanodia: And you plan to go it slow, or still you are looking for some technology 
partner in this space? 
Jayadev Galla: 
We are looking for a technology partner. We are in the process of that. 
Shashank Kanodia: Any timeline that you like to strap to it as in, when can we have some 
tangible things to talk about in this space as in six months, 12 months or? 
Delli Babu: 
No, we wouldn’t want to put a timeline on the table. As you know, the 
products that are required for the market, the way the Indian market is 
evolving is also changing. That's the reason as you are aware, we have 
been placing those strategic bets in some of the startup ecosystem where 
we are in a position to tap those technologies as and when they are 
required for the market. So, while there is a broad strategy in place, 
putting a deadline for any of these capital commitments, at this point of 
time, is not something that we would like to comment on, but definitely as 
an when a decision is taken in terms of form factors and chemistries, will 
certainly come back and let you know. 
Jayadev Galla: 
Also one more thing I would like to add on that, and then we can move 
away from EV subject. Is that if you look at all the announcements made 
today also by various people and the capacities that they plan to bring or 
are planning to establish is still lower than the projected demand by 2030. 
Shashank Kanodia: We are investors with Log 9 Materials. 
Delli Babu: 
Yes. 
Shashank Kanodia: So, what is the present stake and what was the valuation at which the last 
equity raise happened, if you can help us with that? 
Delli Babu: 
I think we will take that question sometime later, Shashank. I will be in 
touch with you on that, because this call we have scheduled for a different 
purpose, I guess. So, we will come back to you on the details later, 
please. 

 
Amara Raja Batteries Limited 
September 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaiveer from Dhingra 
Metals. Please go ahead. 
Jaiveer: 
Could you please highlight on the shareholding which has increased with 
the swap which has happened, and how it's going to benefit the 
shareholders? 
Delli Babu: 
The overall increase in the promoter side shareholding will be about 
4.8%. And this has been done on a relative valuation basis, both the 
demerged undertaking in ARBL have been independently valued by two 
valuers considering various approaches starting from market price to 
income approach. On a relative basis if we compare the valuation of both 
the businesses, the P/E multiple of the demerged undertaking will be at a 
discount of about 25% compared to that of ARBL. 
So, as I was mentioning earlier, this being a very independent and 
transparent exercise that we have undertaken, this will be margin 
accretive as well as EPS accretive from the word go. In that sense, it 
should benefit all the shareholders in terms of their value addition. 
Jaiveer: 
And how much are we expecting the EPS growth? 
Delli Babu: 
The EPS should increase based on the estimates that we have done. It 
should have at least a 2% increase on the EPS. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Delli Babu for his closing comments. 
Delli Babu: 
Thank you all very much for your time and all the questions that you have 
asked, I just would like to reiterate that the whole exercise has been done 
in a manner that is going to be value accretive for all the stakeholders in 
the business. And we expect this to help us in improving our cash flows 
and further improving the business profitability. And thanks once again for 
all of your time. And thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Kotak Securities that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
*******  
 
