 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E-filing 
 
SEC/3009/2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           September 30, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
 
Kind Attn.: The Manager, Listing Dept. 
 
BSE Ltd.             
Corporate Relationship Department,  
27th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 532259      
 
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Dept.  
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of Analyst / Investor Conference Call made  
on September 23, 2022  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable Regulations, 
if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to 
time 
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Kindy refer to our letter no. SEC/2409/2022 dated September 24, 2022 w.r.t. submission of link of Audio 
Recording of Analyst / Institutional Conference Call made on September 23, 2022. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are submitting herewith 
the transcript of the Analyst / Institutional Conference Call organized by Equirus on September 23, 2022.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company at www.apar.com. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
(Harishkumar Malsatter) 
Deputy Manager 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com  www.apar.com 
 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com  www.apar.com  CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
HARISHKUM
AR SHAMJI 
MALSATTER
Digitally signed by HARISHKUMAR SHAMJI 
MALSATTER 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=fe992165aa566f3cb7ea8f5629d
02f131bb6188f45d58684bdc41599ba65c8b7
, 
2.5.4.20=e53e878071d899901b79cc428e2d1
62e64fa439a154c61da25795ae409200a00, 
postalCode=390007, st=GUJARAT, 
serialNumber=d3ab76fe749fc4eb8b1153cdb
29c1f0a53ca896fad0c8a6f61c857cd83bd013
1, cn=HARISHKUMAR SHAMJI MALSATTER 
Date: 2022.09.30 15:44:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 36 
 
 
 
“Apar Industries Limited Analyst/Investor Conference 
Call” 
 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT MR. CHAITANYA DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAMESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
APAR INDUSTRIES 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 36 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone, and thank you for joining in such a volatile day. 
We have Chaitanya Desai, Managing Director of Apar Industries; 
and Ramesh Iyer, CFO of Apar Industries on this Apar Industries 
virtual Conference on September 23, 2022 organised by Equirus. 
First, management will spend some time on giving the business 
outlook and the strategy on Apar Industries. And after that, we will 
have a Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Thank you. I'd like to first thank all the participants for joining. And 
if I may start with a quick overview of the company products. First 
division I'd like to mention about is the conductor division, where 
we are making the conventional conductors, we are making the high 
temperature, low SAG or the high-performance conductors.  We are 
making the optical fiber ground wire, and then copper railway 
conductors and the conductors used in the transformers called the 
CTC and some of these products we are taking on our turnkey 
solution basis. 
Over the years, we have been concentrating on more value-added 
products and made significant investments in this division. We also 
have a factory next to the Hindalco for the molten aluminum supply. 
And over the years, we have also moved into the Services segment, 
particularly for the high-performance conductors and the OPGW. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 36 
In the last 2 years, there has been the railway electrification work. 
So, we have entered into the copper railway business. And now there 
is new products for the high-speed trains, the copper, magnesium 
and the copper alloy types. As far as the CTC for the transformer 
industries, we are relatively new in this business, but this is also one 
of the more value-added products used in the substations. These 
transformers are used in the substation in the power sector. And 
currently, we are selling in the domestic market. And gradually, our 
intention is to bring some of these newer products, including the 
CTC and the copper railway products and OPGW in the export 
market. 
We’re already doing a fair amount of export business of the HTLS 
and the high-performance conductors, and that will continue. We're 
also seeing a fair amount of growth in some of the Western markets, 
with this China plus strategy. So, that is also helping in improving 
the margin levels for the conductor business overall and also is the 
case for the cables. 
For the oil business, our main bread and butter product over the 
years has been the transformer oil. But over the years, we have also 
diversified there into white oils, which are used in pharmaceutical 
hair and care applications. We also make the various industrial and 
process oils, including the process oils used in the tire industry. Then 
we make industrial and auto lubricants, which is a B2C type of 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 36 
business. And then we have other premium products that we have 
introduced in the transformer industry with the ESG initiative and 
also petroleum jelly products. We also have a factory in the Middle 
East besides the ones in India. The Middle East is the Hamriyah plant, 
where we are making the transform oil, white oils etc. So, those 
products we are catering to in the GCC market and the African 
market primarily. 
Moving on to the cable business, which we acquired some 15 years 
ago approximately. We have the power cables, HT and LT. And also 
recently, we have launched the electron beam-based house wires, 
which we have called the Apar ANUSHAKTI brand. We also have 
the elastomeric cables, which are used in the renewables like wind 
and solar in a big way, besides, of course, other applications in 
railways and defense. 
We also have the electron beam as a service for various other 
industries. So, they bring their products and we E-beam and do it as 
a service for them. Then another product line is the optical fiber 
cables. And because we have both power and other various type of 
cables, telecom, instrumentation, we are able to make various 
specialty hybrid cables. 
So, a lot of emphasis we have been putting for the cable division, 
and we have been investing a fair amount. And even in the years to 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 36 
come, we see a lot of traction on this front. Here, again, there is a 
China Plus strategy going on where a lot of exports to the Western 
part of the world is helping us to increase our business for the cables. 
We are setting up more E-beams and also CCV lines to cater towards 
the renewable energy sector, and that is one of the major focus for 
us. So, this is a nutshell about our various products in the company. 
And with this, if I may open up for question and answers, please. 
Participant: 
Yes. Thanks, Chaitanya. If anyone have any questions, we can go 
ahead. Please raise your hand for the questions. Yes, Mihir, you can 
go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Thanks for giving the opportunity and thanks for the presentation, sir. 
Sir, I largely wanted to understand on the profitability side, I mean, 
how is the profitability different in the high-value segment in the 
conductors versus the normal products that you are having? And also 
a related question to that was, I mean, how to understand the 
profitability, the EBITDA per metric ton for the conductors and in the 
oil and lubricant division from here on? I mean, how does the 
pricing mechanism work? Or what kind of number should we have 
confidence on? Is it more related to commodity prices and 
something like that, sir? So, largely in that context. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes. So, in the conductor business, almost all the business is going 
on the basis of the London Metal Exchange pricing. And then on top 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 36 
of that, we are charging the premium or the conversion cost plus 
profit. So, that is the model which we use for our various pricing. Of 
course, in a lot of the businesses, we just have to declare a final 
price. We don't have to give the breakup. And in some cases, we 
have a price variation formula where we use the LME as a base for 
the pricing. 
And in terms of the margins, definitely the conventional conductors 
has been relatively lower margins compared to the various value-
added products that I covered, whether it is the high-performance 
conductors or the copper-related products like railways and the CTC 
and also the OPGW. So, these, in terms of volumes are much smaller 
metric ton wise, it is smaller. But the rupees per metric ton margins 
is much more. 
So, over the years, we have been giving like a weighted average 
figure for the EBITDA per ton basis. And recently, we were 
discussing also that since the interest rates have been increasing, we 
have been increasing our prices accordingly. So, another method 
for measurement could be the earnings before depreciation, tax and 
amortization. And that figure, we have been talking about is in the 
tune of Rs. 12,000 to Rs. 14,000 and is gradually increasing 
because what we have been trying to do is reduce our emphasis on 
the conventional conductors and concentrate more towards the 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 36 
export and the value-added products. So, that is bringing our 
weighted average EBTDA to a higher level. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Correct. So the EBDTA metrics, we are planning to start from Q2 
onwards as we feel that interest for our type of business is like any 
other factors of production. And the way we look at raw materials 
and labor costs and power costs in the same way we look at interest 
cost, therefore, we try start to look at the EBTDA as a measure, 
hopefully from Q2 onwards. 
So, coming back to your question, it's difficult to get to an exact 
differential between the conventional and the premium conductors 
because we are into order business, and these are all design specific 
orders that we get from customers. So, it's not a fixed thumb rule 
that you can apply for arriving at a difference between the 
conventional and the premium conductors. 
Also, what is happening is that over a period of time, our export in 
conventional conductors is also increasing. So, that also gives us a 
better margin than the domestic conventional businesses. So, there's 
a combination of many factors that gets into the EBTDA. And a full 
time period of 12 months is what could be good relevance to see 
what could be projected in future. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 36 
Mihir Manohar: 
So, just an extension to that, should we see the normalized numbers 
will be higher than what they were historically, given the fact that 
share of premium products is going up? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. As you see this trend going up, you will see the margins going 
up. At some point of time, once the trend stabilizes, then the margin 
also will get into a more stability mode. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
We are in a state of flux in that sense because we have invested a lot 
in various products, new products. And while there are some parts 
of the factory which is fungible, so our concentration is how to load 
our plant with more value-added products and reduce out the 
proportion of the less valuable product. So, accordingly, the rupees 
per ton figures will increase, but the overall absolute term figures 
also should increase. And our concentration is not so much in terms 
of the volume as much as the profit margin part. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And on the oil side, I mean, how is the profitability over there? I 
mean, does the pricing happen and how should we see the EBITDA 
per metric ton over there? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, the overall oil business has been having high profitability and 
margin over the last 2 years. Even if you look at the first quarter, it 
has been a very high number. Of course, we had already mentioned 
during the first quarter earnings call that there could be pressure 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 36 
going forward as we see oil prices increasing and also customers 
putting resistance due to an increase in oil prices. 
So, overall, to give a guidance about Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 6,000 per 
kiloliter for oil margins that we believe should be from a 12-month 
perspective. Of course, during some of the quarters you will see 
high margins, some of the quarters you see low margin because the 
oil price itself is very volatile, and there's no way to hedge the oil 
price. Therefore, you may see a quarter-on-quarter movement. But 
on a 12-month period, we expect about Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 6,000 per 
kL as our EBITDA. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And just lastly, one question. I mean before I enter back to the queue. 
And on the cable side, you mentioned about some of the approvals 
that you have got specifically in the U.S. and for the renewable 
energy side. If you could throw some light, I mean, how will the 
revenue pan out here? How big is the opportunity? And how are we 
targeting this particular segment, especially, I mean, renewables 
energy or Western World? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, a couple of things we are seeing happening on a global thing. 
One is the infrastructure spends generally across the globe is 
increasing, and that gives us opportunity for us to tap these markets 
there. And also the space in the renewables is going up with a focus 
on clean energy and green energy. It's giving a lot of opportunities 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 36 
for us. And we happen to be in a good position because in India, 
we are the #1 when it comes to the renewable space, the solar and 
wind. So, our ability to tap these opportunities appear much better 
than some of the other players. Also, since the last year, mostly by 
the second half, our share in the exports within the cable division 
has gone up. So, we do see good potential coming in from our 
overseas geographies for our cable business. 
Hitesh Joshi: 
If anyone have any questions, please raise your hand. Meanwhile, I 
will ask a few questions. Basically, on cable side, where we have 
entered into this consumer business, B2C business over the last 
couple of months and also strengthened the team, you have a couple 
of hires from the industry. Now it is going up. And what are the 
specific targets you have in the mind for achieving a certain 
revenue? How we are doing it? 
And in terms of the profitability, the profitability of ANUSHAKTI is 
significantly higher at a less gross margin because we understand 
the business is still currently in the buildup phase. So, you have a lot 
of overhead right now. But on the gross margin side, is it significantly 
higher than the overall profitability of the cable business? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, overall, I think this particular segment there is a unique reason 
where we are into this business. And as we see this particular 
segment, there's a gap in the customer expectations that we see 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 36 
currently. And for us, our product is a very unique and differentiated 
product. It basically has 2 fundamental advantages that helps us to 
differentiate against other players in the market. 
One is that it has a much higher current carrying capacity. It can 
actually carry 50% more current than the existing players. And 
secondly, the insulation is such that it's highly short circuit resistance. 
So, when you actually combine these 2, it has a good technical 
performance and gives us a very unique and differentiated product 
to capitalize upon. And it actually runs through our E-beam process, 
and we are the only player in this segment having E-beam-based 
product for this LDC segment here. 
So, we were already there in the Kerala and Gujarat market over the 
last 3 years or 4 years or so. And we have been seeing good 
responses in that limited geography we are in. And this year, we are 
actually expanding to more southern states than more north and 
eastern part of the country. And over a period of time, we'll see our 
presence actually going up across the country. 
And in terms of margins, yes, we like to keep the price a bit 
competitive as well as a bit higher than competition because of the 
advantage that we have. But initially, we'll see a lot of spends going 
on at the local level to create awareness about the product, meet with 
the electricians to communicate how this product is superior than the 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 36 
other available products. So, we'll see a fair amount of upfront 
investments going up in BTL as well as advertisement over there. But 
over a longer period of time, this would catch up with the overall 
profitability, which we'll get from this segment. 
Participant: 
So, I understand that in the last con call, Kushal bhai has mentioned 
about that current run rate is around 150 crore, I mean for the FY 
'22, right? This year, you're targeting is close to Rs. 250 crore or 
around Rs. 300 crore and the next year, it's around Rs. 500 crore 
target for this product. Are you on track on that number? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, we are targeting about Rs. 500 crore by FY '25-'26 , that’s the 
number we give. 
Participant: 
Okay, '25-'26. Not the next year. Okay. And in terms of the cable 
business, the highest margin at an EBITDA level, I think 11% margin 
we achieved in FY '19 and '20, and then there a dip in over the last 
2 years because of the pandemic and the copper pricing moving 
much higher where we took some of the hit on our fixed price 
contract. 
But now because of this B2C business, which is again picking up for 
that, what kind of margin we are envisaging in the next 3 years? I 
mean will it go to the 11% and much more than that? Or is it like 
because we're investing significantly in a brand right now. It will be 
still around 10% to 11% kind of in the range? 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 36 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, our aspiration is to get into this double-digit EBITDA for our cable 
business, and we have achieved it in the past. So, there's no reason 
that we couldn't get into that thing. Of course, the COVID pandemic 
because of that, our margins reduced. But if you see the last year, 
we were about 5-odd percentage. And if you break that into quarters 
by quarter 4 FY '22, we were close to 7 percentage. Quarter 1 FY 
'23, we were about 7.5 percentage. So, it's kind of getting settled at 
7, 7.5 percentage. 
We expect that this year, we will be close to about 8 to 8.5 
percentage based on what we see coming for the year. And maybe 
over the next couple of years, we see that getting into double digits 
easily. That will increase our margins. And also, the upfront 
investment on LDC will not be a big dent on an entire cable business 
point of view because the volumes are still small as compared to the 
overall B2B business that we have. And also, as you see good export 
opportunities where the margins may be better. Overall, my 
profitability would be much higher than the upfront investment that 
we are doing on the LDC business. 
Participant: 
And on conductor business, Chaitanya, sir. We have seen like this 
business has always been very volatile from a volume perspective. 
There were the years that we grew 30%, probably next year, it was 
down 20%. If you look at the number, I think FY '18 or FY '19, Apar 
achieved around 1.8 lakh ton kind of volume on an annual basis. This 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 36 
year, probably the guidance which you gave that in the previous con 
call was around between 1.3 to 1.4 lakh. 
At the same time, the focus has been more on the profitability and 
value-added products and not more on the volume. Our EBITDA per 
ton has seen significant jump from Rs. 10,000, Rs. 12,000 to Rs. 
17,000, Rs. 18,000 right now. And we understand that you continue 
to focus on the value side. But is the market for the values expanding 
at a much, much faster pace than the traditional, number one? 
Number two, we have seen a lot of this government making some 
initiatives on reducing the deficit or I think that I would say that 
improving the power sectors finances, do you see any scope for the 
distribution companies or the SEBs to start doing some kind of Capex 
on the conductor side or the transmission line side? And are they 
doing to go to more on the traditional or is it going to be more on 
the value-added products which we have developed over the last 
many years? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes. So, on your first point, I agree there has been a fair amount of 
volatility on the volume side in the conventional conductors in the 
past. And definitely, during COVID, things were hit because a lot of 
infrastructure spend was getting diverted to attend to the medical 
front. And also projects were getting delayed and procedural tender-
related things were getting delayed. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 36 
So, that is one thing which had happened. But now all that sort of 
pent-up demand is coming back on track because all projects people 
are working all over the world and want to finish their projects. So, 
that is one part of it. Then as was discussed earlier, the renewable 
energy is a big driver to both the conductor and the cable business 
and actually transformer oil also. So, definitely, we see a sustained 
demand going forward. Hopefully, there should not be any such 
pandemic going forward or any such disruption. 
So, assuming that on one hand. And on the other hand, the products 
that we have introduced in the last few years where we are starting 
off with a low base and definitely, we have a lot of scope to grow in 
India and then outside India as well. So, that will also sustain the 
demand in terms of metric tons. And another part is that the demand 
for the type of conductors is also growing a little bit more on these 
value-added products, particularly where the clients are looking for 
a solution as opposed to simply a supply because they are not just 
putting up new lines, they are also doing reconductoring of old lines 
to feed more power with the right-of-way issues. 
So, these are some of the things which we are confident of that 
demand will be sustainable and also of the value-added products 
with the trend which is going on with the urbanization and more 
power requirement in the cities. So, that will also require the 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 36 
governments to do a lot of things in terms of augmenting the power 
supplies to the urban areas. This is one area. 
Secondly, on the renewable energy front also, it requires the grid 
connection. So, that will also drive the demand. And also in terms of 
the type of products that the renewable energy requires will be more 
robust type of products because they need to take care of the surge 
requirements as more solar parks and the wind farms are added to 
the system. 
So, instead of building up at every point, a new infrastructure to 
connect to the grid, a lot of these developers are seeing this as a 
long-term investment to put up a connection to the grid, which has 
the robust connectivity and which can take care of the future 
demand. So, the nature of the product also, the requirement is also 
having a larger component of more value-added conductors like the 
high-performance conductors. 
In terms of the OPGW also, there is a fair amount of sustainable 
demand we see because of the digital initiatives and the connectivity 
to various parts of the villages, et cetera, in India. And also similar 
phenomena is going all over the world with more transfer of data 
requirements. So, they are finding it more convenient to kind of 
replace the earth wire with the OPGW, which gives a very good 
connectivity for various companies which are not only in the telecom 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 36 
providers, but also other major corporates, which need to have 
transfer of the data going from one city to another city. 
So, OPGW is one of the best ways to actually have the least 
attenuation losses. This is one sustainable demand we see there. 
Similarly, in some of the other products as well, where we have a 
low base currently, we see that the odds are that it's only going to 
increase in volume. We have built up the capacity. So, definitely, 
we'll be in a position to cater to those things as more approvals come 
through. Definitely, in COVID, some of those new products took a 
little longer time to get approvals because the plant audits, et cetera, 
could not be done. But now those things are coming in place. And 
gradually, we have got all the approvals from Power Grid, including 
the 765 KV approvals as well. 
So, this is one question that you had with regard to demand. We see 
a very sustainable demand. And also, I would add to that, even in 
the export markets, with the geopolitical situation and India being 
favorable in terms of supplies to the western part of the world, we 
see a lot of increased interest to buy from us and also, we have 
already been established in those countries. The country's 
requirements there are not just on price. They buy also keeping in 
mind the quality, service, deliveries, and they are very thorough in 
all their documentation requirements. So, it's more holistic kind of 
approach that these buyers abroad have as opposed to an India 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 36 
where it's a tender-driven simply on L1 type basis, the decision is 
taken for purchase. 
So, what we can say that is this move from China and also some of 
the European local players, even some of the American players, they 
are not equipped to take care of this sudden surge in demand, which 
has come about. So, the delivery schedule also for them is moving 
to after 1 year and therefore, these utility companies are forced to 
look at other options. And therefore, they find in India already, there 
is an existing good amount of capacity available. So, they are coming 
more and more towards buying from people like us. 
So, I see this as a sustainable demand actually for the conductor 
business and also the move towards a more value-added products 
that will continue. We are gradually reducing our emphasis on the 
local market. We had put up the factory in Orissa keeping in mind 
the local demand, but some of that capacity also will be going in 
catering to the export market. We are generally agnostic as to where 
we will sell. We are trying to simply improve our margins by catering 
to the various geographies where we may improve our margins and 
also various products, which can give better value addition 
compared to the conventional local business. So, this is, in short, I 
think, on the question on the demand side. You also asked something 
else, if you don't mind repeating that? 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 36 
Participant: 
So, only one thing, my question was on overall this SEB situation. 
Are you seeing any improvement on that side? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So, on the SEB, the Government of India, Central government has 
brought out this RDSS scheme, which will be a very huge investment, 
but it will benefit our cable business for sure because a lot of it is for 
underground cables and a little bit is overhead type of conductors. 
And it will be for strengthening the state electricity boards \or the 
distribution segment. It will not result in the high-performance 
conductor demand. That is being catered to by the state transmission 
companies. And this RDSS scheme is for the distribution companies 
only. 
Participant: 
And you mentioned about is there a lot of shifting on orders from 
China to India? I mean obviously, you are being competitive on the 
cost side compared to the Chinese one, but is that the shift which we 
have seen in the last couple of months? And what you said about the 
new geographies are getting open and customers are coming up, is 
this across the players in India? Maybe there are others who are also 
doing export of the some of this conductor. Or is this specific move 
to Apar? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
There are some percentage of export going by others, but we have 
the main business. And because we were already in this for a long 
time, we have built up certain credentials in those markets. And as I 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 36 
mentioned, those countries, they don't go just on price. Price is an 
important consideration, but actually, it's not the most important. 
There are other aspects which they look into. So, therefore, to get 
entry into some of these markets, customers take a lot of time. But 
once you're in, then they don't kind of change. 
So, other parties, whether they're in India or China or elsewhere in 
the world also, we see this as sustainable kind of demand going 
forward. Also, I'd like to mention that some of the geographies where 
we have not yet penetrated, we see a good potential in some of those 
markets as well besides, of course, the ones where we're already 
entrenched in. So, there is a lot of scope. And everywhere in the 
world, we are seeing people slightly moving out of dependency on 
Chinese conductors and cables. 
So, this phenomena, I think, will continue, and we will benefit from 
that. That also we have been wondering whether it was sustainable 
or not. And our feeling by talking to some of these clients is that the 
chances are that actually they want to consciously reduce their 
dependency on China. So, earlier, if they were buying 100% from 
China now they started buying at least 10%, 20%, 30% from other 
countries and they want to gradually sort of reduce their further 
dependency on China as well. And if possible, bring it down to 0. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 36 
We are also encouraged that some countries like Australia where 
China and Australia have a 4% advantage because they have an FDA. 
Still, the Australian customers are finding that buying from India is 
overall cheaper option and more value proposition, not just from a 
price point of view, but also if they have to make the timely supply 
for their projects, then they cannot depend on supplies from China 
if there are disruptions in the supply, which may happen. So, even 
from that angle, we find that they prefer to buy it from India and from 
Apar more specifically. 
Participant: 
If I understood very simple that we are just entering into a very long-
term trend where a lot of geographies, particularly Europe and 
others start diverting their import from China to India and some of 
the countries. And we have just seen probably, let's say, 10% or 20% 
of the demand shift from China to other nations. And still, there's a 
long way to go. Is it the right understanding? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes, because some of these clients are systematic in their approach. 
They will go gradually up. They do not sort of put all their eggs in 
like a new vendors basket. They would want to test out and see how 
the overall experience with the vendor is, and then build that further 
to so that they can have a very sustainable secure supply for their 
own requirements. So, that is a trend which we are seeing, and we 
foresee that the percentage of business coming from these clients 
also will grow in year-to-year basis. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 36 
Participant: 
Great. And they are all likely in a value-added products, right, 
largely? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Both actually, conventional as well as value-added. Even in those 
countries, there is a similar trend of renewable energy and same 
issues of right-of-way, et cetera. So, depending on their own 
planning, they have been buying some part of conventional and 
some part of value-added products. 
Participant: 
We have a next question from Manoj Bahety. Manoj Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Bahety: 
So, I have 2 questions. Just a follow-up to the question which was 
earlier asked. So, both on oil side and conductor side, we have seen 
significant increase in margins. And as you explained that on the 
conductor side, part of this margin increase is also attributed to the 
product mix stage. But even on the conventional side, is there a short-
term margin jump? And what kind of normalized margin would you 
see on the conductor side? And oil side, I think you have already 
mentioned that 5,000 to 6,000 would be a normalized margin, 
right? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes. Actually, what I can say is that in the past, we have envisaged 
how this situation is based on the current situation. And every 
quarter, we have been seeing actually improvement, at least on the 
conductor and cable side. So, it's like a moving situation, and we 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 36 
are just sharing with you the way we see the marketplace. And it is 
very encouraging to say the least especially what I just explained on 
the various export markets and even the move away from China and 
a very big push also on renewable energy everywhere. 
So, some part of it is on account of these trends. And of course, a 
little bit is on account of this Russia and Ukraine situation, which is 
causing a difficulty to the European producers and therefore, the 
customers in Europe are also now off late looking more actively. But 
of course, we are in the process of getting more penetration there. 
It's not happened in terms of actual big business, but we see this is 
another big market, which we were not having much presence in, 
but there is a possibility we may enter in a much bigger way in times 
to come there also. 
So, we see that these opportunities are there, and maybe the 
situation on the Russia, Ukraine may stabilize. But once we are in, 
then we may have some decent market share going forward. And 
earlier, we were not getting much chance to get into those markets. 
But now once being entrenched, we may have a better sustainable 
demand. So, as I mentioned, these Western clients are not the type 
who give opportunity to many vendors. But when you do get a 
chance, then you're kind of in for a much longer period. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 36 
Manoj Bahety: 
And these are like once you enter into that, these are long-term 
contracts or these are like the spot contracts as soon as they get their 
original supplies plant, again, they can switch back? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So, the nature of the businesses are 2 types. One is the EPC, which 
is a project like type of business. So, the EPC companies, again, they 
-- once they have a comfort level with particular vendors, then 
conductor manufacture, cable or oil suppliers, then they would 
continue to buy certain percentage of business from them. So, 
somebody has to do something very wrong to kind of come out of 
that business later on. That is the nature of the relationship that 
continues on with these type of clients. 
Manoj Bahety: 
So, you expect the margins on the conductor side will continue, 
right? Or even it can improve on year because of the product mix 
change, which is likely to continue, right? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes. Product mix and geography mix, both. Same for the cable also, 
the same thing. 
Manoj Bahety: 
And my second question is if you can elaborate a little bit more on 
your retail cable strategy, like how you're going to penetrate 
geographically? How we're going to build your distribution, the 
brand awareness? And secondly, how difficult is to copy the superior 
features of our product, which we have introduced for the retail 
consumers? 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 36 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, as I explained earlier, in terms of difficulty to compete with the 
other players, in our case, we have a very unique and differentiated 
product that I talked about just a while ago, which is an E-beam-based 
product, and it has a higher current carrying capacity and therefore 
to that extent, it’s completely different product than what is available 
in the market. The way approach what we are trying to do is to 
educate and bring awareness about this uniqueness to our 
consumers. And we have been doing that successfully in the Kerala 
and Gujarat market until now. And now we're expanding to other 
southern states, North and Eastern states. And our strategy is to 
educate the consumers through various iteration means that we have 
been doing that. 
To bring this awareness to them that how our product is different 
than other products available in the market. Basically, this has a high 
short circuit resistant and is able to carry 50% more current than the 
product that is available in the market. So, our strategy would be to 
improve our reach in different states. We've commissioned a 
separate team within the Apar Cable division, who will exclusively 
look at this particular market, a lot of ongoing BTL activities and 
brand awareness activities are going on. We recently signed up a 
new brand ambassador, Sonu Sood, for promoting these products 
in the market. And we'll see a lot of activities around this particular 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 36 
segment that will help us to improve the reach and penetration across 
the markets. 
Participant: 
We have a next question from Siddharth. Siddharth please go ahead. 
Siddharth: 
Sir, as you said, your contracts are priced based on the prices in 
LME. So, is it fair to assume that we don't carry any inventory like 
risk of any inventory on our book? And also, is it that despite very 
sharp volatility in metal prices also our EBITDA per ton will be the 
current trend. So, is it fair to assume that? Because last couple of 
months, we have seen very sharp unpredictable move on both the 
sides. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. In the conductor and cable, there is no risk of inventory because 
all the orders are back-to-back completely by our hedge. That we take 
on the LME. And to that extent, there is no inventory loss that we do. 
We have a very strong risk management strategy, wherein we are 
able to completely hedge the aluminum and copper prices in the 
market. 
In terms of volatility, the price of aluminum is volatile and so is the 
case with copper, and that's the reason this hedging strategy helps 
us because it actually ensures that we are able to procure the material 
at the rate at which we accepted the order. And as we take this 
hedging position once we accept the order, we are able to source 
the material exactly at that price. And therefore, even though if there 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 36 
are price volatility that happens, we, as a company, don't end up 
absorbing the gains or loss because it's all hedged in the LME. 
Siddharth: 
So, is it fair to assume that the current EBITDA will be the new like a 
benchmark for you for like coming like in multiple years? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, we have given our guidance, and we keep on revisiting our 
guidance depending on opportunities that we see, the recent 
guidance you've already given as the end of Q1, that's what we 
expect going forward. But however, depending on how the situation 
pans out in the future quarters and the future years, we will keep on 
revising depending on what we see as a realistic EBITDA margins. 
Participant: 
We have next question from Levin. Levin, please go ahead. 
Levin: 
Sir, I had a question on the cable division. So, we say that we have 
a 60% market share within the wind power. So, what would be our 
market share into solar? And what kind of opportunity do you see 
both in domestic as well as exports market for the solar cable? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
In terms of the solar cable market share, actually, there have been 
new entrants and our concentration has been also not to sort of just 
sell it as a commoditized kind of product. So, our share in terms of 
market may have gone down because earlier, there were like 3 
players, now there may be a couple of more players. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 36 
So, we are in the vicinity of about 20-odd percent market share in 
the case of the solar cables in the Indian market, but we are now 
trying to export a lot of these products also. And there, we have 
basically just touched the tip of the iceberg, and we feel there is a 
huge scope. And as we discussed earlier, our concentration is how 
to improve our overall net bank as opposed to be committed to only 
Indian market, which may not give us that kind of margin that other 
geographies may allow us to do so. 
So, our concentration is not just to increase our market share in India, 
but to grow in the world markets. And also, we are putting a lot of 
new investments for some of these products, which have a little 
differentiated requirement with other type of certification, which is a 
barrier of entry to those markets. So, even the compounding is a very 
special type for these markets. So, we have been actually 
concentrating on building our business in those markets as opposed 
to the Indian, which is a little commoditized case. Like in the case of 
the conductor also, we have a conventional type conductor. Same 
way, there is a commoditized type solar, which is in the Indian 
market. So, our concentration has been how to increase our share 
outside India. 
Siddharth: 
Sir, and will it be fair to assume that within the cables division and 
the elastomeric as well as the solar cable, the margins would be 
better than the segmental margins overall that we report? 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 29 of 36 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. Relatively, that will be better than the other segments. 
Siddharth: 
And sir, lastly, just to understand the kind of opportunity that we 
might see in renewables both domestic as well as exports, what kind 
of cables are required per megawatt of installation, any thumb rule 
so that can give us some sense about the opportunity? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So, what we are seeing generally is in big projects, the cable part is 
roughly 5% or so of the project cost. So, if suppose the RDSS scheme 
of Maharashtra is, say, Rs. 40,000 crore investment, then maybe 5% 
of that will be cable requirement. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Also these are all design specific special application products. So, 
it's difficult to actually get on to exact number because there is a 
huge amount of industry that we cater to and different products have 
different applications. So, depending on the requirement of the 
customer, your design actually gets finalized. So, it's actually a bit 
difficult to put exactly a number how you can get into that. But yes, 
it depends on the specification and the design requirements. 
Siddharth: 
What I generally meant is that if you look at the exports opportunity, 
like everybody is talking about big numbers in terms of renewables 
over the next 3, 5 years, be it the U.S., Europe and like you also said 
that we have just started to look at those markets or just started 
supplying, there is going to be a huge requirement of cable over 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 30 of 36 
there as well in the exports market. So, just wanted to understand 
what kind of opportunity size we may have in next 3 to 5 years? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So, if you look at overall, the global market is much, much times 
bigger than the Indian market. And with all this China plus one 
strategy, all the spends of infrastructure that is going to increase over 
the years and all the renewals put together, the opportunity in the 
market is much more. Now companies are becoming ready to adapt 
to this product requirement, the customer specifications, the 
customer approving the company's technical specification, et cetera, 
will play a role in terms of how do we gradually grow the business 
from here. And that will be true for many other players as well. But 
different companies will have uniqueness in terms of how to tap 
these opportunities that is coming through. 
Participant: 
We have a next question from Mihir. Mihir Manohar, please. 
Mihir Manohar: 
I had 2 questions. First was on the Capex. I mean, are we looking at 
any capacity expansion in these verticals? And second thing was on 
the payables side. I mean, out of the Rs. 4,000 crore payables that 
we are having, are they completely interest funded, interest bearing? 
Or how is it? I mean I wanted to understand the working capital 
funding. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, the CAPEX, we already have given our number for FY '22, it's 
about Rs. 150-odd crore that we plan to spend in FY '23, about 2/3 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 31 of 36 
will be coming in the cable division. And in terms of your payables, 
the way we look at payables is that it's completely for working capital 
purposes and if I'm not wrong, about Rs. 2,000 crore or Rs. 2,500 
odd crore and we look upon interest as any other cost of production.   
So, for us, what happens at all this interest gets into the price of my 
customers, we actually calculate the interest for our suppliers 
outstanding and then accordingly price it to our customers. So, in a 
way, your interest is looked upon as any of the cost of production 
and that is the reason even earlier that we talked about, whether for 
our company, whether EBIDTA or EBDTA should be a better basis 
because barring the fixed interest bearing loan that we have on the 
borrowing, there are no other loans on the balance sheet. And all 
this are working capital, which completely gets into our pricing when 
we build it to our customers. 
Mihir Manohar: 
So, is it like the payables become interest-bearing after 3 months? 
Or how does it work? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes, correct. That's after 3 months, it becomes. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And just lastly, I mean you gave the CapEx for FY '23. But anything 
on FY '24, I mean, for the last 5 years combined, we have done Rs. 
880 crore kind of in CapEx. So, I mean, any indication over the next 
3 to 5 years, how are we looking at this number? 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 32 of 36 
Chaitanya Desai: 
As the opportunities are surfacing, we are also investing to avail of 
those opportunities and build the capabilities with the more value-
added offerings from our side. So, it may be difficult to give you a 
number, but it looks actually that there is a lot of potential for us to 
grow and with marginal investment and to take avail of our 
infrastructure and a good access to certain markets and to grow them 
in a much bigger way. 
So, accordingly, I think the investment trend, the way that things are 
going right now in the western part of the world and also the 
renewable push and the China plus one type strategy and even with 
the European high cost of energy, et cetera. So, those things are 
encouraging and would suggest that there is a good potential for us 
to grow even beyond our existing years plans. And accordingly, we 
will keep on debottlenecking wherever necessary to avail of those 
opportunities. 
Mihir Manohar: 
That's it from my side. Thank you very much for the answer and 
thanks for giving the opportunity. 
Participant: 
I have 1 question. So, I mean there are 2 trends. One is that the 
LIBOR is moving up. So, will that increase our interest cost? The 
second trend, the commodity prices are coming down, particularly 
copper, aluminum and also the oil in the last couple of weeks also. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 33 of 36 
So, that also reduces our working capital. So, given this one, will we 
see an increase in our overall interest cost going ahead? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. In fact, there is one more vertical to that, even the exchange rate 
also is going up. So, our interest cost is a the combination of, as you 
rightly said, SOFR going up. The prices of aluminum and copper 
being volatile and also exchange rate going up and also the quantum 
that we procure in a particular quarter. So, it's a mixture of all these 
4 variables that actually end up determining the interest cost. So, all 
this will influence interest costs. 
And therefore, it's difficult to see which will weigh more than the 
other because it's so many moving parts to that. But directionally, we 
really see that interest costs will be on the higher side, rates are going 
up and also exchange rate is going up and we are actually seeing a 
higher interest cost in times to come. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
But when we are pricing our product, we are factoring these costs 
and our competitors are also in the same boat, so to speak. So, 
everyone will be considering the same cost of the commodity or the 
interest costs. 
Participant: 
That's what I think you mentioned it earlier also that because it's in a 
very long cycle, right, from the product, the raw material 
procurement to the dispatch and the billing, it’s in a long cycle to 
that. So, probably, I think it's a good way to look at the numbers that 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 34 of 36 
in our EBITDA way rather than an EBIT way. And that can give 
probably a better picture to the investors from looking in the business 
on a trend long-term perspective. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Correct. We agree. 
Participant: 
One more question. So, not many people have spoken on oil 
segment per se. I think the more excitement is currently one on the 
cable and the conductor business. But I mean given that and also 
Kushal bhai in earlier con call gave a commentary that TSO did a lot 
of job of heavy lifting in the last 2, 3 years, where the conductor and 
cable were surprised because of the COVID pandemic and other 
things. 
Now in the coming years, 1 or 2, the TSO settlement will probably 
go on a relatively small lower growth compared to the last 2, 3 years 
of growth. Is it because of the market is saturated? Or is it because 
of we are run out of the capacity at UAE where we are running it in 
a full and not looking to add the capacity? Or is it something that the 
focus of the company is much more to grow on the cable and 
conductor and we don't want to chase the opportunity in the oil 
segment? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
No, there's nothing about capacity. In fact, we have enough capacity 
to grow our oil business clearly. So, that is definitely not a constraint. 
Also, what is happening there with the increase in oil prices, you 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 35 of 36 
may find customers postponing their orders or pushing their 
deliveries because oil prices being high, it also affects their cost 
because finally, we pass on the increase in oil cost to our customers. 
So, that's where we felt that the volumes could be coming under 
pressure for the year as a whole. 
Also, we are being very careful in terms of the customers to whom 
we want to sell. So, our products are approved across all the 
customers there which we have, but we want to be very careful in 
terms of who we want to service so that we don't want to end up 
chasing them for payments. And over the last 2, 3 years, we have 
actually removed about 30-odd percentage of our customers. 
And so that our DSO in the oil business has come down from 100 to 
70-odd days. So, we want to be very specific in terms of the customer 
profile, which we are servicing. And given that the comments that 
you said will be valid. But also, I would like to say that as the level of 
infrastructure increases, as more transmission capacity getting 
added, and that the more and more transformers will be needed. 
And out of our oil business, about 1/3 is for transformer oil. And 
you will see a high requirement for the transformer oil business to 
cater to these increased infrastructure spending and also the new 
transformers that will be coming. 

 
 
 
Apar Industries India Limited 
September 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 36 of 36 
Participant: 
That’s it. Any other questions any participants have? I think that's all. 
Thanks, Chaitanya Bhai. Thanks, Ramesh, for participating in our 
conference. Apar has always been in a great health in Equirus and 
it's been privileged to track the Apar for the last almost 10 to 12 years 
since we have been tracking it. Thanks for coming. Thank you. And 
thank you all the participants. We may end the call now. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Thank you, everybody. 
