Varroc Engineering Limited 
Regd. & Corp. Office 
 
 
L-4, MIDC, Industrial Area 
Waluj, Aurangabad 431 
136, Maharashtra, India 
Tel   + 91 240 6653700 
Fax   + 91 240 2564540 
email: varroc.info@varroc.com 
www.varroc.com 
CIN: L28920MH1988PLC047335 
 
VARROC/SE/INT/2022-23/82 
 
 
 
 
October 10, 2022 
 
To, 
  
The Manager- Listing 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051. 
 
NSE Symbol: VARROC 
  
The Manager – Listing 
The Corporate Relation 
Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
BSE Security Code: 541578 
[Debt: 973454 & 973455] 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Investor / Conference Call held on October 7, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find Transcript of Investors / Conference Call held on Friday, October 7, 2022.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Varroc Engineering Limited 
                       
 
 
 
 
Ajay Sharma 
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary  
Encl: a/a  
 
 
 
Ajay Kumar 
Sharma
Digitally signed by Ajay 
Kumar Sharma 
Date: 2022.10.10 
10:41:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Varroc Engineering Limited's Conference Call” 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SPEAKERS: 
MR. TARANG JAIN – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, VARROC ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. K MAHENDRA KUMAR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, VARROC ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Varroc Engineering Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation conclude. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tarang 
Jain, the Chairman and Managing Director. Thank you. And over to you sir. 
Tarang Jain: 
Thank you. Tarang Jain here. Good afternoon to everyone and I would like to thank you all for 
joining the call of Varroc Engineering Limited. We're having this call to appraise our 
stakeholders about the divestment of the four-wheeler lighting business in Europe and America. 
We will also talk about how the continued business is progressing for the company. 
Firstly, in respect of this divestment, I would like to highlight some important changes. The 
continuation of the Russia-Ukraine war leading to higher inflation, the consequent tightening by 
the central banks and the semiconductor supply shortages continue to impact both the supply 
and demand. This has resulted in lower demand, higher raw material prices and labor cost during 
the current year, especially the operations which are based in Europe and America. Economists 
are also forecasting recessionary trends in developed countries in the near future. On the 
backdrop of this and to take care of the buyers’ concern, we had to amend the enterprise value 
from €600 million to €520 million. 
Further, we strongly believe the patent infringement cases which were filed by Valeo will be 
nullified by the German court. The independent third-party opinion which we obtained also 
supported this view. However, this nullification process requires a further 12-to-18 months of 
time. Considering the urgency of concluding this deal, we had to agree for an out-of-court 
settlement for a higher value of €51 million. 
Moreover, the debt and debt-like items have further added up to approximately €56 million 
compared to an earlier estimate of €25-to-€30 million. Details of the same are given in the 
presentation. Hence, as communicated in the AGM, the leftover equity value will be 
significantly lower than what we had estimated earlier. The net cash accretion excluding escrow 
will be also lower at €5-€9 million as compared to €160 million estimated earlier. As a result of 
this, the continued operations debt will only come down marginally though there will be a 
significant reduction in the consolidated debt. These changes will result in write-down of 
investments and advances. We will also have another €28 million in the escrow account and 
most of that is expected to flow to us in the near future. 
Conclusion of the deal will result in avoidance of further debt burden on Varroc India enabling 
us to focus on high growth and profitable segments of our continued operations. 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Some of the highlights I would like to share some positive developments in our continued 
businesses. The operation performance of the continued business is steadily improving. Firstly, 
the Indian operations revenue for this Q2 FY'23 will be the highest ever in the history of Varroc. 
Secondly, we continue to see strong new business wins from incumbents as well as new players. 
Thirdly, the VLS remaining operations is also improving its operating performance. 
Lastly, the forging business in Italy, which is called IMES, started delivering positive EBITDA 
margin as we have seen in Q1 FY'22. 
In our future strategy, prudent capital allocation and free cash flow generation will get a lot of 
focus. 
I will now request our group CFO to walk you through the presentation which has already been 
uploaded in our website and on the stock exchange. Over to you, Mahendra. 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
Thank you, Tarang. Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to this call once again. I am happy to 
talk to all of you once again in my new role here. 
 
As Mr. Tarang explained, the presentation has been uploaded on the website already. I think 
some of you or all of you might have seen it. I will take you through the presentation right now. 
 
In slide #2, we tried to explain what the initial assumption or proposal was when we actually 
started the deal a few months ago. On the right side in slide #2, we explained the changes which 
have happened in the final settlement. So, as you can see and as Mr. Tarang also explained earlier 
in the call, the €600 million and face value had to be brought down to under €520 million. 
Considering the current economic scenario across the globe, as you also might have noticed in 
various press releases and news item, across the globe, the merger and acquisition activity has 
come down significantly. In fact, I was reading new reports that between US and Europe, the 
merger and acquisition activity went down this year by close to 50%-60% compared to last year. 
So, our focus was mainly to basically save this deal or conclude this deal. And also, the 
continuing outlook also seems to be somewhat a matter of concern. Because all of you know 
that Europe is going through a lot of recessionary fears. So, to accommodate these requests and 
the concerns of the buyer, we had to bring down the value from €600 million to €520 million. 
And then this out-of-court settlement also had to be finalized for €51 million though we had a 
strong case to fight it out. Again, in order to conclude the deal, we had to agree for this high 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
amount of settlement. But the good thing is this will actually put rest to all these disputes which 
have been hanging for some time. 
 
And then the net cash accretion to Varroc will now come down to €5 million to €9 million. I will 
explain the walk in the subsequent slides. 
 
Another positive thing here is the escrow which was earlier pegged at €35 million has now been 
brought down to €28 million. 
 
So, with this, we concluded the deal yesterday and the settlement also has happened. And the 
overseas debt and debt-like items are approximately €400 million have been settled. Now, this 
is another positive development for us the way I see it. Because this much of debt burden or 
debt-like items burden has been washed away from the consolidated balance sheet which should 
give us good kind of relief going forward. 
 
I will take you to slide #3. This explains the walk what we presented earlier versus what it is 
now, just so that all of us are clear about the walk. Previously, as you might remember, the 
enterprise value of €600 million after all these adjustments for debt and debt-like items is 
supposed to result in net cash accretion of about €157 million to €161 million. With this 
reduction from €600 million to €520 million and the valeo settlement coming in, the net cash 
accretion will now come to €5 million to €9 million. 
 
On the enterprise value reduction, we already talked about. So, because of all these economic 
factors and the cost pressures, the raw material inflation and labor costs also have gone up in 
European countries. So, that created some kind of a bleak outlook for the future for these 
operations. So, to allay the fears of the buyer, we had to go for this kind of a correction. 
 
And the patent infringement, as Mr. Tarang also explained earlier, we had a strong case to fight 
it out, we had certain legal options also supporting our case. But then again to conclude the deal, 
and to avoid further delay in the deal, we had to reach this out-of-court settlement and come out 
of these disputes. 
 
And then there were a few other adjustments like working capital changes and license cost and 
lease liabilities which we had to correct. So that resulted in a reduction of equity value of about 
€188 million. 
 
The escrow amount earlier pegged at €35 million has now been brought down to €28 million. 
Because this €35 million earlier also had a value-related escrow of close to about €10 million. 
Now that we reached a settlement, so that has gone out. 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
And then similarly, the debt repayment is now €33 million. Earlier, it was €62 million. But some 
of the debts have been repaid in the last few months. Now, this is again a good relief for the 
continuing operations. So, from the continued businesses, €33 million of this debt is going to be 
paid out. That will reduce the burden on continued operations. That leaves out about €5 million 
to €9 million as the net cash accrual to us. 
 
Now, all this will result in some kind of write-down or impairment of the investments in VHBV. 
But this is under evaluation right now. We will have to take into consideration the various factors 
here because some of the VHBV. investments are into both continued and discontinued 
businesses. Now, we are in the process of doing a fair value assessment of some of those 
continuing businesses. We will see where the net impact ends up. And anyway, we will be 
completing audit by end of this month. So, when we talk about the Q2 results, we will explain 
what the net impact could be. 
 
Now, I will take you to slide #4. So, this gives the status of net debt. Previously, I think when 
we talked about the net debt levels as of 30th June, we indicated that we continued operations in 
INR15.2 billion which will now come down to about INR13 billion. So, that's one good 
development. That's about the deal and the impact of the overall debt level. 
 
And talking about these continued operations, of course, the things are looking bright for the 
existing businesses. We could actually improve profitability in Q1 for continued businesses. In 
fact, the momentum is continuing. Both in August and September also, we could have recorded 
one of our highest ever revenues for Indian operations. Of course, we will talk about the full 
results with the Q2 final results. 
 
We also added three new significant customers in the last six months in the EV business and the 
ramp up of existing EV component business which we obtained earlier is also happening. 
 
And then of course the new orders with a life-time value of close to Rs.1,500 crores have been 
won in Q1. Q2 status also we will report later. The aftermarket business continues to grow 
healthy at about 20%. 
 
Now, one important thing we would like to bring to your notice is going forward we will be 
focusing heavily on free cash flows and return on capital employed improvements. We will be 
very prudent in our capital deployment strategies also. 
 
So, in a way, this is like a new beginning for Varroc. The significant burden in terms of overseas 
operations and the cash flows has been now taken away. So, it enables us to focus now on the 
existing businesses which are profitable. So, we will be focusing on free cash flow generation 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
going forward and see how to actually properly deploy it going forward. And we will also be 
focusing significantly on integrating our remaining overseas VLS operations in the coming 
weeks and months. 
With that, I will stop. We will now take your questions and clarify any doubts that you may 
have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Aditya 
Jhawar from Investec Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
I have two questions. #1, on the debt side, for the next couple of years, what is the line of sight 
of debt repayment in FY'23 and '24? What could be the CAPEX for continued operations? 
Tarang Jain: 
Aditya, as far as the debt is concerned, now I would say that the debt is under more manageable 
levels. You see a very high growth in the Indian market in spite of what's happening in the rest 
of the world. India continues to grow, and we are also growing in some of these growing 
segments like EV, electronics and light weighting. So, this augurs well for us. So, we are quite 
confident that over the next couple of years, we will be bringing this debt down considerably. 
Our focus definitely like what you correctly mentioned will be on two areas. One is of course, 
prudent capital allocation. I am talking now only about India and Europe. We do not say that the 
CAPEX going forward will be more than probably around Rs.300 crores or a little bit more in 
that range. Whatever else with the rising EBITDA which we expect with the rising sales, we are 
going to focus that we have a quarterly reduction in our debt as we go along. We are really 
focused on how we are managing to still become a net debt negative company going forward in 
the next couple of years. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
My second question is specifically for EV components, have we got any visibility or order wins 
from other than Bajaj? 
Tarang Jain: 
In the recent months, whether it be the incumbent companies or new ones, we got three large 
EV players that we have won business. We are not allowed to disclose the names and the details 
at the moment. We will try to see if we can share with you at the time of the Q2 results. But we 
have now three companies and things are looking very good for us going forward on the EV 
space, whether its for the power train or whether it’s for the other components. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, you mentioned that after this deal, debt would be to reduce Rs.13 billion. So, how much is 
from the India continued operations and the overseas operations? 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
Most of it will be in India operations or will be only very little left for overseas. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, how much debt will be left from overseas operations? Earlier, in the last quarter, it was 
around Rs.5.3 billion. 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
In terms of INR equivalent, it will be close to about Rs.100 crores. 
Abhishek Jain: 
After this deal, you will have a balance of around €120 million. Out of that, you will pay around 
€52 million. So, net cash flow should be around €70 million and out of that €30 million for the 
escrow account. Still, you should have around €40 million no sir? You are now talking about the 
€5 million to €6 million only. 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
We are not counting on the escrow money now. So, that's why these levels what we are indicating 
now is excluding the escrow realization. 
Abhishek Jain: 
After excluding escrow realization, we have a calculation that you should have around €50 
million because you had paid around €400 million as a debt, so balance would be around €120 
million and out of that it will be around €52 million because of this Valeo litigation? 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
I think we gave the details in the slide. You can see the details there. So, what we are saying is 
after all these, equity value will be close to around €66 million to €70 million. Out of that, if we 
take escrow of €28 million out, we will be left with around €42 million, out of that €33 million 
will go to repay the continued operations of overseas debt of about €33 million, so that leaves 
out anywhere between €5 million to €9 million for the other things with the accounting on 
escrow. 
Abhishek Jain: 
What is the future of the China VLS business after this deal? Most probably, that will be scrapped 
because there will be a competition with the other players also? 
Tarang Jain: 
On the China piece, as you know that Plastic Omnium has not bought into our JV. So, JV is still 
continuing in China, which is between the TYC and us. We have been in the discussions for the 
last couple of years for a split between us and those discussions are progressing. We are hoping 
that we are able to reach a conclusion within this financial year '23 so that then we can also get 
the China operations within our continued operations going forward from the next financial year. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Because of this Valeo litigation, is there any impact on the four-wheeler India lighting business 
which is giving good business from many OEMs? 
Tarang Jain: 
No, not really, because firstly, on this Valeo litigation, frankly, our case was very strong. But 
like Mahendra said that we had to kind of reach the settlement in the interest of concluding on 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
this deal. This is the total settlement for the past, any so-called alleged patent infringements and 
also, we have a license for all the current products till end of life. This covers everything and it 
includes also all the entities of Varroc which are remaining with us, whether it's India or it's 
China or elsewhere under the future license. 
Abhishek Jain: 
The deal was completed on 1st October. Have you not incurred any further loss in VLS for the 
first half FY'23? 
Tarang Jain: 
As you know that on the discontinued operations, that's not coming in our results. We are only 
kind of bringing the results of the continued operations. 
Abhishek Jain: 
What is your revenue, EBITDA target for FY'23 and debt payment target for the next year? 
Tarang Jain: 
For this financial year, we already said that for the continued operations, not including China till 
it’s in place, we were looking at about Rs.7,000 crores of revenue. And on the EBITDA side, I 
think we would be trying to achieve around 9%. Indian segment now will be a mainstay almost 
about 80% of revenues and here like we said that we will grow 10% more than the market growth 
and definitely going forward we are looking at a double-digit EBITDA, but our target is of course 
going forward to be between 11% and 12% in the next financial year for the whole of continued 
operations. On the debt repayment schedule, that is something which we are actually working 
on, and we will see like I said quarterly reduction in debt as now we are in control it's going to 
reduce, that's something I think we can probably a little bit more share with you when we are 
announcing the Q2 results. But definitely, I think we will be in a healthier space as we move 
along with debt is concerned, that's something which is also on top of our agenda. 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
Abhishek, just don't take these things as any kind of revenue guidance or profit guidance, these 
are like our estimates. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
My question is on the similar side of the debt of around Rs.1,553 crores in FY'22. After this deal, 
how much we are expecting it will reduce by '23 and '24 if you can guide us? 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
So, as I explained earlier in my presentation, after this deal, we will end up with net debt of about 
Rs.13 billion or round about Rs.1,300-1,350 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Kokane from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Karan Kokane: 
My first question is on growth. You mentioned that you are planning to grow 10% ahead of the 
industry. Could you please elaborate on what would be the key drivers of this? 
Tarang Jain: 
I am talking of our India which we have a larger play. So, in India, we see a lot of premiumization 
in the two-wheeler market and there is a content growth which is happening, for example, when 
it comes to Bajaj Auto, we have seen that Pulsar family; they have models between 125 cc to 
250 cc in the Pulsar range. Other than 125 cc, all the others have come out with new models of 
above 125 cc, with today code name K17, it will be called something. And here, the 
premiumization is a lot, when it comes to electronics, when it comes to even the use of plastics, 
the use of paint in the plastics, so there is a lot of premiumization which is already happening 
for example. Lot of our entry into more of a four wheeler plastics business in India on the interior 
components side and generally obviously the EV side growth will lead to a lot of additional 
business because when it comes to the scooters and three wheelers where we see lot of EV 
happening at least in our case, our share of overall this thing is not more than 10%, 12% for 
scooters and on the three wheelers side. And here whatever comes out of the EV side is all 
additional revenue for us and also huge content growth for us. So, therefore, we see that from a 
revenue standpoint, we can say that even if the market grows next year from 5% to 7% or 
whatever, we will be 10% more. We are very confident going forward that the revenues will be 
realized, and we have already won in this financial year, last financial year a lot of business 
when it comes to plastic products, polymer products, electronics, lighting, two-wheeler and four-
wheeler lighting. So we remain quite bullish over here and also when it comes to our foreign 
two wheeler lighting business when it comes to Italy and Vietnam, in Vietnam, we see a quite 
of good growth going forward, in Italy, yes, we have to get in some more revenue, that's 
something now we will focus in a bigger way, and, of course, the four wheeler electronics which 
we have a plant in Romania, we will also see a certain level of focus coming in there. So, I am 
just saying on the back of India, we see a good level growth and what we are talking about 10% 
more for the Indian market, not for Europe. 
Karan Kokane: 
My second question is on the EV components. Many auto component players nowadays have 
been manufacturing components like motors, controllers, BMS, all those components. My 
question is what is our key competitive advantage in these components and what do OEMs look 
for, what is the differentiating factor in these components and why we will gain market share? 
Tarang Jain: 
On the EV powertrain, I think the main products which we have are the motor, controller, DC-
DC converter and our telematics control unit. We do some others also. I am just saying for the 
EV powertrain. And there, there are two models: One is a build-to-print model which sometimes 
the customers want to give their design. And the second model is that we have already developed 
the motor, motor controller. DC-DC converter obviously and telematics control unit is our own 
proprietary technology, that we supply. For motor, motor controller which are the two main 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
model products in the two and three wheelers EV. Both the models what we bring in is that we 
have put up a very-very robust manufacturing process when it comes to electronics or on the 
motor side, so we bring in very strong QCD, very reliable and sustainable products to the market, 
that is one thing. Secondly, of course, we remain very competitive in our pricing in this segment, 
whether it's for build-to-print or whether it's for our products. So, people see us that we have 
proprietary technology, we have a strong R&D when it comes to advancement, when it comes 
to development of the EV products, and we have already started powertrain quietly one customer 
and people know about this and we have a very strong performance track record for overall 
products and customers know that. So, we see a lot of interest coming to Varroc and the way I 
would say is that we are selecting and going forward with whom we consider are the winners in 
the market. 
Karan Kokane: 
You have spoken about double-digit margin. Currently, we are at a single digit. So, apart from 
commodity benefits, what would be the key drivers of margin improvement from these levels, 
and do you have any ROCE target in that? 
Tarang Jain: 
One is of course the general stuff that we are improving operationally year-on-year and like to 
correct this on material side. Main, I think driver is volume growth. So, with the volume growth, 
firstly, there is a better control on the fixed cost. Secondly, obviously, you can realize better deal 
when it comes to buying of raw materials or vendor parts. So, these are the two main drivers 
more than anything else. Of course, more we do on the electronics side, it's anyway better 
margins for us. So, therefore, we feel comfortable to say that we will be moving forward to 
achieve the double-digit margins. And ROCE, for sure, is going to be more than 20% as we 
move forward, that is our minimum target that we have to have a pre-tax ROCE of 20%, but like 
what Mahendra also showed in his presentation earlier, our big focus is going to be other than 
ROCE, on free cash flow. That is something which is going to be the most important. Its prudent 
capital allocation, Yes. For some time now we have to also repay our debts, because still they 
are on a balance sheet. So, we will be extremely focused on free cash flow and on ROCE as we 
go forward. 
Karan Kokane: 
You said that you are seeing a 20% kind of CAGR in the aftermarket segment. So, what is 
driving the 20% growth? 
Tarang Jain: 
We have a strong team in the aftermarket, for the domestic market and as well as for the exports. 
Largely, the products which we manufacture is in our own in-house and also, we do trading in 
items. That is something we are seeing that we are getting better penetration in various tier-2 
and tier-3 cities year-on-year. So, our reach is actually increasing in a whole network, which is 
what is helping us. And also, we are adding a few more newer products. Our reach is growing 
up in India and exports also I think more countries in Africa, in South America, Southeast Asia, 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
we are adding a couple of countries, and also growing the current markets abroad. So, here, if 
you see the past few years track record, we are growing more than 20% and that's something we 
feel we will continue to do as we move forward, we are confident. 
Karan Kokane: 
IMES was reporting operating losses and also plans of hiving this business. So, how is this 
business doing and are we planning to hive it off, will that bring in more cash flows? 
Tarang Jain: 
I agree with you that it's not a core part of our business, because we are largely to the auto market 
when it comes to cars, commercial vehicles or two and three wheelers. This is more non-auto to 
do with oil and gas industry and Caterpillar and these kinds of customers. But presently, what is 
happening is that our focus today on an immediate term is to improve the profitability. So, higher 
EBITDA margins, achieving PAT here. And we are working with our existing customers on 
more revenues and also better operational performance. Our focus is actually on that at the 
moment. And yes, let's see how it goes. Immediately, in the current environment especially in 
Europe, things are so bad, I don't see really sale taking place to be honest. So, our focus has to 
be that we make this plan stronger in the near future and when the environment gets better, and 
when the business is stronger, then we can look at probably a possible kind of M&A or 
something at that point of time, but immediately, we are not looking at it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal S from Svan Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vishal S: 
I have two questions. First question is regarding the impairment on the investment. How much 
as per your estimation will be the impairment? I know the estimation is WIP. but what can be 
the magnitude? And when this impact will flow in our books… do you expect it to flow in FY'23 
or going forward? 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
Vishal, as I mentioned earlier in my presentation, we are currently assessing it. I don't want to 
put a number to it because it is subject to audit also. So, we will come back to you anyway at the 
time of Q2 results. To answer your other part of a question, yes, we will recognize this impact 
during Q2 results. 
Vishal S: 
My second question is by when the escrow amount will flow into our books and what do we 
expect, it will be 80% or 90% which is stated currently or what can be a ballpark number of this 
what you have stated?? 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
We want to stay conservative at this moment. So, we are not banking on this escrow amount 
when we reported this net debt of Rs.13 billion. But having said that, we are expecting that more 
than 50% of this at least should come to us during this financial year, but again, there are certain 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
conditions and all. We need to see how actually things progress in the coming months and when 
the time is appropriate, we will come back to you with more details on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
A few things to understand. With this change in valuation of selling off, to balance that out, how 
quickly one should expect IMES stake sale to balance off the increase in debt in balance sheet? 
Tarang Jain: 
To answer the first question, presently, we are not looking at a sale because I don't think in the 
current environment in Europe, we are going to find a buyer. And I think the focus now is on 
operational improvement and we are getting some good results. We are talking about now 
recessionary trends setting in Europe. I don't know how long it's going to go on also. 
Immediately, we can't be thinking on those lines. So, our focus would be on operational 
improvements and if that opportunity comes in the near future, then we can look at it. But 
presently, we are not looking at the sale of IMES. And frankly speaking, I don't know. Yes, I 
mean, going forward, but I saw that we are going to get some big kind of a value out of it even 
if we have to sell it, I don't think it's going to be a big value transaction that is going to impact 
us in a very significant way. But yes, I do agree that it is not a part of our core business and that's 
something in our mind that we have to deal with it at some point of time in the future. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Post this deal, now what level of interest outgo for Q2 and guiding for next three, four quarters? 
K Mahendra Kumar: 
As I mentioned, we are now having a debt of close to Rs.1,300-1,350 crores. So, we will of 
course make some efforts to reduce the debt levels in the coming quarters like what our chairman 
explained. Of course, on the current cost of borrowing, give us sometime and we will anyway 
work out some kind of a plan and we will continue to reduce the debt levels as we go forward. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
With the steel, aluminum, copper, so much of correction in the commodity basket, for your core 
India legacy business, what kind of margin uptick which can be from the present levels of 9%-
10%? 
Tarang Jain: 
With all these commodity prices going up and down, we have an understanding with all our 
customers in India mostly for a quarterly adjustment. For many quarters earlier, we saw an 
upswing in all the commodity prices and we had to absorb one quarter of this upswing in 
commodity cost. But after that, we also saw a little bit of softening on the commodity side and 
there were some gains also over there, so, our risk over there is limited. So, therefore, I think 
this up and down in commodities are not going to really impact too much our margins overall 
with whatever our objectives around the margins. With the growth which we are envisaging 
going forward, we do expect that we should be able to kind of realize whatever our goals are. 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Pawar from Vasuki India Fund. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Pawar: 
My question is what would be the expected EBITDA of India business for this financial year 
and what are you expecting the EBITDA on the EV components business as standalone? 
Tarang Jain: 
Like I said, we are going to be striving for the continued operations at about 9%, India could be 
this thing higher than Europe and for the other business of four-wheeler lighting in India. What 
was your second question? 
Deepak Pawar: 
Estimated EBITDA, any ballpark figure only on the EV components business and standalone? 
Tarang Jain: 
That is something we really cannot share, but I saw that the margins whatever are there on the 
electronics side of the EV, on the other electronics that the same thing we are getting over there. 
So, it's not that the margins are much higher, but because the content is very high, it is quite 
beneficial for us. So, overall revenue growth is what is helping our margins also probably. 
Deepak Pawar: 
So, any ballpark on only India standalone business? 
Tarang Jain: 
On the EV side of the business, the powertrain, I can only say that it will be a double-digit, but 
I cannot share the number. 
Moderator: 
We have our last question from the line of Shweta from ICICI Bank. Please go ahead. 
Shweta: 
Just one small question on the semiconductor chip shortage issue. So, will Varroc continue to 
face this shortage issue in the coming future or what do you envisage in this manner? 
Tarang Jain: 
What we see is the shortage issue is actually improving, but it's not gone away. So, we do expect 
that probably in next six to 12-months, there will still be shortages for us, but somehow, we are 
very closely working with all the electronics buyers, and we have very good understanding. So, 
in our case, largely, we are able to manage quite well for all the chips. In some cases, where 
there are some shortages, we are now pushing for higher allocation because the issue is that the 
growth is very high in India. So, we have to see, and we are giving projections for next one and 
a half years to all the electronics supplies. So, we have to make sure that we are managing the 
growth, that's more important because whatever the volumes today we are somehow able to 
manage, I would not say, very comfortably, most of this thing, but in some cases there are some 
shortages which we manage in the end may be some hand-to-mouth kind of a situation, but 
largely I see that the situation is improving. 
Moderator: 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Tarang Jain for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Varroc Engineering 
 
October 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Tarang Jain: 
So, I would like to thank again everyone for joining, listening and asking the various questions. 
The trust and fate of the stakeholders are what motivates us to pursue excellence in our day-to-
day life. Thank you once again and all the best. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Varroc Engineering, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
