 
 
 
 
14th October, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Department. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai–400 051. 
Fax No. 26598235/8237/8347. 
Symbol: DELTACORP 
BSE Ltd., 
Corporate Relation Department, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Facsimile No. 22723121/22722037/2041 
Scrip Code 532848 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Conference Call 
 
Please find attached transcript of Delta Corp – Q2FY23 Post Results Conference Call held on 
12th October, 2022. 
 
Kindly treat this as the compliance under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record and oblige. 
Thanking You. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Delta Corp Limited 
 
 
 
Dilip Vaidya 
Company Secretary & Vice President- Secretarial 
FCS NO.7750 
Encl- As above 
 
Dilip 
Narendra 
Vaidya
Digitally signed by 
Dilip Narendra Vaidya 
Date: 2022.10.14 
16:47:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Delta Corp Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call”  
 
October 12, 2022  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
          
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. 
HARDIK 
DHEBAR 
- 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, 
DELTA 
CORP 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR:  
ALPESH THACKER - ANTIQUE STOCK 
BROKING LTD. 
 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Delta Corp Limited Q2 FY'23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Ltd. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Alpesh Thacker from Antique Stock Broking 
Ltd. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Alpesh Thacker: 
Thank you, Faizan. Hello, everyone, and welcome to second quarter FY'23 Investor 
Conference Call of Delta Corp Limited. Today, we have with us the management of 
Delta Corp, represented by Mr. Hardik Dhebar, Chief Financial Officer of the 
company. The format of the discussion would be brief opening remarks by the 
management, followed by Q&A session. 
 
Without much delay, let me hand over the call to Mr. Dhebar. Over to you, sir. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
Good afternoon, Alpesh. Thank you once again for hosting the call this quarter. And 
welcome, everybody. Good afternoon to all. It is with great joy and pleasure I would 
like to state that this is a quarter which has broken a couple of records when it comes 
to revenues as far as Delta Corp is concerned. This quarter, we have recorded the 
highest ever revenue in the history of Delta. And if I was to extend it to the 6-month 
period ending September, this has been a record 6 months period also in the history 
of Delta Corp, whether you would like to look at the revenue or the EBITDA or the 
profits for the 6 months ended 30th September, '22, we have recorded the highest 
ever numbers in each of these categories. What has led to this sort of resurgence is 
basically the domestic travel and tourism industry has been doing reasonably well. 
 
International travel is still largely out of bounds plus given the visa delays and visa 
constraints that are there across most of jurisdiction. Domestic travel is something 
which has gotten immensely benefited. And Goa amongst the domestic travel 
destinations has always been a very popular and the most sought-after destination. 
Thankfully for us. Every time Goa tourism does well, the rub-off effect happens on 
to Delta Corp.  
 
While we are not saying that we are entirely dependent on tourism alone, but to a 
large extent, visitation of people with larger numbers into the state and Goa itself, 
obviously, will have a positive rub-off effect. That coupled with the fact that overall, 
the economy as far as India is concerned, while the world may be going through a 
difficult time, but I think India as a country and India as an economy has been doing 
reasonably very well, the home consumption story, the domestic consumption story 
remains intact, consumer spending remains buoyant and high. And we believe that 
this is only going to get more and more stronger as we move further given the fact 
that we would have India as one of the rare economies that will be growing in the 
higher single digits or double digits going forward. 
 
So all this put together, it's a very, very positive thing. Good start to the season as far 
as Delta is concerned because, like I said, second quarter always historically has 
been the trend setting quarter, which sets in the tone, trend and the momentum, 
which continues into the third quarter and the rest of the year. In addition to that, as 
we all know, we are looking at a new vessel, which is likely to come in, in the next 
12 months' time, post monsoon next calendar year and during the beginning of the 
third quarter or so is when we hope that third quarter of the next financial year is 
when we hope that the new vessel should be ready and operational and that will 
obviously add a lot of steam to the current momentum and the growth trajectory that 
we have been experiencing. 
 
As far as online gaming is concerned, there with a renewed focus and attention on 
sales promotion activity and customer acquisition, customer retention and customer 
onboarding exercise that we have taken on in the last 6, 8 months, we have seen the 
traction paying its results. If you look at the segment of online gaming itself, if you 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
compare year-on-year, we've done about INR42 crore, INR43 crore of revenue last 
year similar quarter, which is currently at INR50 crore number. That is basically the 
initial effects of the effort that is being put in by the operating team on the online 
gaming side. With regards to the IPO update, we have received the final observations 
and approval from SEBI. 
 
And we, as Delta Corp along with the operating team at Deltatech are looking to 
embark upon the next steps of interacting with the investors trying to assess the 
market and get a reasonable feel in pulse to then decide on the launch of the issue. 
The issue, obviously, as everyone knows, is roughly about INR550 crore divided 
into an offer for sale of INR250 crore and INR300 crore of primary issuance, which 
obviously will act as the war chest in the armory for the online business to further its 
growth momentum and growth trajectory. A lot of that money is going to be spent on 
customer acquisition, branding and sales and promotion and marketing activities, 
which will ensure that we have a continuous and a decent flow of customers' 
onboarding the platform at every point of time, giving us the necessary impetus for 
growth. 
 
With regards to the GST ongoing issue, there is the matter pending with the GST 
Council. The council hasn't met as the group of registers has been discussing, 
deliberating upon what methodology and how they should be addressing this concern 
of the industry given the fact that there was this clarity at the GoM level per se with 
regards to understanding each of the businesses after they have gone through and the 
representations made by various industry forums and industry participants, including 
ourselves. 
 
We have been able to achieve a success in form of the fact that they have now 
realized the differences between the methodology in how each of these businesses, 
whether it's also in online gaming and casinos operate, and therefore, to use the same 
yardstick and measure for levying of tax on each of these businesses would not be 
ideal, and therefore, each of them needs to be looked at separately, which we believe 
we have been able to communicate and convey to the GoM who seems to have taken 
it positively. We are now waiting for the final GoM recommendations and the GST 
Council to come out with the law. We are very, very positive and hopeful that it's all 
going to settle the matter once and for all. Other than that, there is no other 
extraordinary or any other item that needs to be highlighted in specific. I'm happy to 
open the floor for question answers, and I'll try to answer them to the best of my 
ability. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Viraj Mehta: 
Hardik congratulations again for a great set of results. Can you tell us the visitation 
for this quarter, please? So that was the first question. And second is there obviously, 
company gave clarification on Daman, but if you can provide us an update of where 
we are with Daman as well? And where is the case spending there as well? Those are 
my only 2 questions. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
So visitations are more or less similar to what they were last quarter. It is about 
120,000 visitations is what we have seen as of September '22 quarter. With regards 
to Daman, the matter has been listed for final hearing on the weekly board. But given 
the backlog and the pressure on the courts, the courts are doing their best. They sit up 
to 6:30, 7:30, 8:00 at times, trying to clear the backlog and the cases, but we haven't 
been lucky to get hearing. And like I said, this is the final hearing. So hopefully, very 
soon, we should be able to get on to the Board and the final hearing to commence 
once the hearing commences and we are hopeful that very quickly thereafter, we 
should have some direction to the entire matter. 
 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. And just one last question, if I can squeeze in. If I look at the last page of the 
results note that you put on BSE, both Mr. Modi’s and your comment was that we 
are likely to see the growth continuing. But with the number of visitation being 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
similar, and you had also mentioned that we are not likely to increase our end team 
prices. So then how does the growth come in, build a new vessel? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
I think we have answered this multiple times earlier that it is the quality of crowd 
that one needs to monitor. I would be more happier to filter the crowd in a way 
where I get more focused than serious people who want to sit on the table and game 
rather than people who come for food drinks and entertainment. And therefore, we 
have a built-in mechanism like which we bring it into use, especially on busy 
weekends, where we don't sell the entry-level packages at all and it's only the high-
end packages because for a gamer, it really doesn't matter because he is anyway 
going to spend. And most of my regulars or most of my club-Deltin members, their 
entries are anyways taken care of. So the moment I'm able to filter the crowd and in 
normal terms better the product mix, as we call it, that will obviously yield better 
results in terms of revenue per person improving while the numbers on the whole 
may remain more or less similar, thereby giving me the better revenue. 
 
Viraj Mehta: 
And just your new ship you are saying will come by Q3 '24. Is that correct 
understanding? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
Next financial year third quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun Kumar from BMO Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Arun Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. I just wanted to know about the 
status of the IPO like where is it likely to launch? And the second question is about 
the present GST and like impact, what could be the worst-case scenario if it is 28%? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
With regards to the IPO, I just gave an update in the opening remarks itself that we 
received approvals. We are commencing the process of road shows, et cetera, we'll 
make the assessment of the market and then decide on the right time to launch. And 
as far as we are concerned, there is no delay or no holding back from us as the 
company or the issuer per se. With regards to GST also, I think I gave a very detailed 
scenario of what the situation is presently. As regards the rate of GST is concerned, 
casinos have historically right from the day that GST was introduced, have been 
paying 28%. So for Delta, it really doesn't make a difference. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Maroo: 
Sir, in Q1, you have mentioned that our other expenses were high due to some legal 
expenses were taking place. But if I see in Q2 also, we are still in the same zone. So 
should I expect that the run rate for other expenses have been at this level only? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
See, a larger of the chunk is on account of the Daman matter, which is coming up on 
a daily basis, virtually daily basis. And therefore, plus the other GST-related issues 
which are there where we have a lot of legal consultation. And the other expenses 
also account for a lot of professional charges and these professional charges are not 
only legal fees, but we have marine staff and marine consultants who are on board, 
plus we have a revenue share arrangement with one of the operators in one of our 
casinos. So all those things with the regular inflationary increases and everything 
will get added into this. Now to say whether the trend will continue like this? I don't 
think so because, hopefully, sooner rather than later, the legal issues are going to 
come to an end. And therefore, those recurring expenses that you are incurring today 
will stop. 
 
Chirag Maroo: 
Sir, could you put the revenue that we had in casinos from Sikkim and Nepal for the 
quarter? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
On a monthly run rate in as far as Sikkim is concerned, we are doing anywhere 
between INR2 crore to INR2.5 crore a month, whereas Nepal, we are doing 
anywhere between INR3.5 crore to INR 4crore a month. 
 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Digant Haria: 
I think you alluded to a few things regarding this question, but I still asked is that 
before COVID and after COVID, have you seen a change in mix of the customers 
which come to your casino especially between the casual customers and the serious 
gamers or is that more or less the same? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
So that is entirely something that we can control. On days when we have enough 
capacity available and it's not a busy day like a Monday or a Tuesday or a 
Wednesday type. So the crowd is what we allow freely to walk in the way we want. 
And on busy weekends, long weekends and on the blackout dates is where we try 
and control the crowd in a way where we try to filter out the serious gamers from the 
non-gamers. So I think that mix more or less remains the same. I don't think there is 
any difference or change in that. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. Perfect. And second question is on the online gaming part that we've been 
stuck in that INR40 crore to INR50 crore kind of quarterly revenue for a pretty long 
time. Is it more of the way industry is or after COVID, things are pulling off? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
We have only recorded a INR50-plus crore number once, which is in the quarter of 
April to June 2020, which was the first quarter immediately after the lockdown came 
in. Other than that, we have never crossed the INR42 crore, INR43 crore number. 
This is the first time that we have touched INR50 crore barring that one incident I 
told you on April to June '20. So I don't think that we have been stuck. Yes, we were 
stuck for a while between INR38 crore to INR40 crore, then between INR42 crore to 
INR44 crore. But I think we've broken the shackles from time to time. And this is, 
again, that we have broken the shackles. We've touched INR50 crore. We are 
looking at the run rate currently into this quarter, and we believe that these numbers 
can be replicated without much of a problem. Plus, our efforts and our brand spend 
and our marketing concentration and focus is more renewed on the online side. 
 
And the team is working very hard to ensure that we get more and more 
registrations, which now the multi-gaming platform also coming into play 
completely. We've seen a registration sport happening on the multi-gaming platform. 
And the idea is that the moment we keep getting larger registrations on the multi-
gaming platform, we try to nurture and convert those into high ARPU players and 
nudge them towards the games which are high ARPU, thereby trying to maintain our 
revenue streak and profitability streak. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. But would it be fair to say that the sector tailwind is not as great as, say, when 
it was in the first year of COVID lockdown, it's more of now company's efforts 
which have led to this INR49 crore kind of a number, like up from 15%. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
Obviously, there are no tailwinds or headwinds in a business like ours, honestly, the 
tailwind, if at all, anybody wants to call it a tailwind was the undue amount of money 
that got raised by most of the online companies through private equity and stuff like 
that, and everybody went on a spending spree. Now that is what got you the tailwind. 
Otherwise, there was never a tailwind or a headwind situation as far as the business 
is concerned. It is entirely the company's efforts which have to pay results at the end 
of the day. And I'm very happy to say that our team on the online side has come 
together very well as a unit. In the last 1 year, we have reasoned a lot of things, 
gotten a lot of talent. And the dividends are paid now. And we are hoping with the 
IPO money coming in, the spend capability and the power increasing, we would only 
hope that this INR50 crore number is not only maintained, but surpassed and grown 
from time to time. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
So the first question is, if you can give an update on the greenfield project and any 
change in timeline for that? 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
So the greenfield project is, is the one that you're referring to the Mopa Airport 
integrated resort, right? Yes. Okay. So there we received the final does it notification 
approving the project and approving the area as an investment promotion area about 
a month ago. And then obviously, we were in the midst of the monsoon. So it's only 
by December end or January is when we will start breaking ground and actively 
working on the project. There have been a little bit of a delay from the original 
timeline given that the permissions and the approvals given the COVID situation 
took a little longer than what we anticipated. 
 
But I think the way it is worth it given the fact that now it's a single-window 
clearance project, I don't have to run from pillar to post going from department to 
department seeking approvals and permissions. It's only one authority, which is the 
GIPV, which will approve and everything will be done through that. So I think the 
delay was worth it, the way it was worth it. It is a 4-year sort of a project that we are 
looking at. And like I said, we start in '23. So by 27 or so, we should be completing 
the entire project, if all goes well and there are no surprises during the course. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Okay. And second question, Hardik, is on the online gaming part. So I think you 
mentioned that you are upping the ante on marketing spend in terms of getting more 
registrations. So on a segmented level, should we expect higher EBIT losses or that 
will happen only post IPO? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
We are very stingy spender and frugal spenders, so to say. We believe in trying to 
maintain profitability or at least minimize the losses while trying to achieve our 
objectives and goals. So I'm not saying that the losses will go away completely, but 
it's not going to be a situation where you will see 1 quarter humongous amount of 
loss and the 1 year will be very large loss vis-a-vis compared to, I think, in the 
previous year or subsequent year. So I think it's going to be a very measured spend, 
very focused and concentrated spend because the operating team, like I said, is as far 
as Poker is concerned, we are the leaders. We are the masters. We understand our 
client, our segment that we need to target extremely well. And therefore, we can 
direct our spends in a very, very targeted and a focused way to ensure that we get the 
maximum benefit out of the minimalistics of the spends. 
 
With regards to the multi-gaming platform, yes, we will be on a spending spree so 
that we can add more players, more registrations, more bodies on to the platform. 
But again, there, it will not be a blind kind of a call where we just go on a spending 
spree. So while, yes, there will be losses in some time to come, at least for the next 6, 
12 months, maybe or maybe more. But I think it will not be a blind spend like there 
is no tomorrow. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Mehta from Prudent Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Chintan Mehta:  
I have a question on the new vessel that we are replacing. The new ships would have 
the same margin as the existing ship that we are replacing? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
See, margin of a business should only improve from here and can only improve from 
here going forward. Because like I said, it's a very high operating leverage business. 
Once we have achieved a breakeven every additional rupee, anywhere between 55% 
to 60% of every additional rupee gets added to the bottom line. So obviously, when 
we start the new vessel, which is going to be a much larger vessel, in the initial 
months, you expect some costs to be incurred and the revenue is not to be 
commensurate to cover the cost. But once the costs are covered and the revenue 
starts kicking in, it's anybody's guess where the margin can go up to. But I think 
anywhere between 37% to 45% could be the range that one could easily look at in a 
steady-state, stable environment. 
 
Chintan Mehta:  
Okay. And also any extra impact on depreciation because of replacement or 
something? 
 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Hardik Dhebar: 
That's natural, right? You get a newer asset it's going to depreciate more than an 
asset which is already depreciated for the last 10 years. 
 
Chintan Mehta:  
Okay. And second question on the Deltatech IPO. Post IPO, what would be the 
structure of revenue allocation from Deltatech gaming to Delta Corp any royalty or 
something? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
There was no royalty ever paid by Deltatech to Delta Corp. Even today, there is no 
royalty that is being paid or received. Other than the fact that there are certain 
business arrangements in terms of the live poker room that Deltatech and manages 
and does a lot of things which Delta Corp or with Deltin Royale. So those kind of 
revenue share arrangements may continue, but other than that there is no royalty ever 
contemplated. 
 
Chintan Mehta:  
Okay. I have just one last request. Just can you share any internal metric or 
something to take the Q-o-Q like gross gambling revenue or average ticket size or 
something, anything? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
The fact that it is internal very difficult to share. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayur Gathani from OHM Portfolio Equity 
Research. Please go ahead. 
 
Mayur Gathani: 
So just wanted to check if any of the existing boats will go on dry dock in the second 
half of this year? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
Yes. Deltin Royale will, in all properties somewhere in the fourth quarter going for a 
dry dock for about 3 weeks or so. 
 
Mayur Gathani: 
Okay. And you said the new project will come by '27. So do we have to wait till '27 
for the revenues to start generating? Or in the next 1 or 2 years, the revenue should 
start generating, right? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
No, it all depends on the final structure that we go ahead with. And the way I look at 
it is I think we will have to wait for at least 3 years for the first revenues to start 
kicking in. 
 
Mayur Gathani: 
Okay. Minimum 3 years, that's what you saying. Any land acquisition, you'll be 
doing more? I mean, you've already done that. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
As of now, not required, like I said, out of the 110, 120 acres that we already have, 
we are only utilizing 90. So we'll have about 15, 20 acres still available. And that 90 
also is going to be spread over time. So there's enough that we already have to take 
care of the near foreseeable future. 
 
Mayur Gathani: 
Okay. And we can start work from calendar year '23. Is that what you said, right?  
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
That's correct. 
 
Mayur Gathani:  
 
Permissions from the government is required. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
So like I said, we've got the letter of intent. We've got the notification of the area 
being notified as the promotion or investment zone. And therefore, it is now a single-
window clearance project where all approvals, permissions will come through the 
IPB, which is what I mentioned earlier that the wait is worth it and it is going to be 
eventually beneficial that we have waited and we are getting it done through this 
route. 
 
Mayur Gathani:  
So are you the only one who's doing this? Or there other competitions that also do 
have existing boats are proceeding with land acquisitions. 
 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Hardik Dhebar: 
So Mayur, I think you're getting a little confused between the situation which was 
there about a couple of years ago when they were talking of moving the boats away 
and bringing the casinos live on land. That policy, while it was announced has not 
been furthered and taken shape. If that was to happen and that ever happens, you will 
obviously have others who will have to build it on land and give up the licenses on 
the river. But that is nothing that's not happening as of now as it appears. So that's 
policy implementation and policy decision is on hold. What we are doing is simple. 
The rule currently existed on a 5 star hotel, you can have an electronic casino. So we 
are going to have an electronic casino of about 100,000, 150,000 square foot to begin 
with in this integrated resort project, while our ships will continue to operate. 
 
Mayur Gathani:  
I'm aware of that, sir. Thank you very much And sir, one last question. Anything on 
the fees that were not paid during the COVID time, any expect? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
They have not asked for anything. Like everyone knows the provision for those fees 
is already reflecting in the P&L and we've already accounted for it. So from a P&L 
perspective, there is not going to be any impact even if the fees were called in for. 
But as we speak until today, we have not received any intimation or communication 
with the government one way or the other. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Dixit Doshi:  
Just one question. So I think that once the new ship comes in the Q3 of next financial 
year, one of the existing ship will get replaced. So how much revenue, let's say, that 
the current ship would be doing? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
The smallest one will get replaced. So whatever it gets replaced with is not going to 
be as significant as the addition is going to be. So I think it really doesn't matter. 
 
Dixit Doshi:  
How big it would be from the one which will get replaced in terms of size? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
It will be bigger. The new one will be bigger than our current biggest ships. So the 
smallest one is too small. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Momaya from Ideal Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Anuj Momaya: 
So what will be the capital outlay for the ship? And how much of the CapEx that you 
are planning for this Goa integrated park that you're building? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
I think we've answered this question in the earlier calls in the prior quarters. Anuj, 
you've been there on all the calls. So for your benefit, again, I will repeat it. The ship 
will cost anywhere between INR200 crore, INR 250crore give and take a couple of 
crore here and there. And the integrated township or integrated resort project spread 
over 4 years will be anywhere between INR2,500 crore to INR2,800 crore, roughly 
about INR3,000 crore give and take. 
 
Anuj Momaya: 
And this will be completely self-funded this INR3,000 or will be to raise some debt 
at some point of time? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
We are having INR600 crore of cash today. We'll be raising another INR250 crore 
through the IPO as part of the secondary sale. Current year trend shows INR400 
crore of cash that we are generating on an annual basis. We are spreading it over 4 
years, that INR1,600 crore and INR800 crore plus, so that's about INR2,400 crore, 
INR2,500 crore. So we should be good. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Patel from Patel Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Bhavesh Patel:  
First of all, Hardik, many congratulations on great set of number as well as a 
wonderful performance. Very happy to be part of Delta family. Most of the questions 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
have been answered. So I will just once again pass on my appreciation and look 
forward to continued great performance. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
Thank you, Bhavesh. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul from Symphony Finserv. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rahul Sanghvi:  
Yes. So first of all, congratulations on the good set of numbers. I just wanted to 
know about the other current assets that have gone up because of which the cash 
flow has taken a hit, so if you can give a sight on that? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
So why do you think the cash flow has taken a hit? 
 
Rahul Sanghvi:  
Because it was showing negative INR70 crore in the result because of other current 
assets. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
There is no negative cash flow. Pragnesh, you're on the call, can you just give some 
details on the other current assets, please? The bulk of the item in as far as the 
current assets is concerned, is the license fee that would be payable so roughly about 
INR58 crore or INR60 crore of license fee has been paid in advance or was to be 
paid as of 30th September and as on 1st of October, that entire amount has been paid. 
So other than that I don't think there is anything substantial in the other current assets 
in any case. Faizan, can you just check for Pragnesh if he can be put on talk mode? 
 
Pragnesh Shah:  
Yes, I think you are right, there is mainly on account of prepaid license fees, which 
we paid in last week of September. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
Yes. So I think that's the answer. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Shetty, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Pratik Shetty: 
Congratulations on a great set of returns. So my question is on the multi-gaming 
platform, online multi-gaming platform that we have. So what would be the current 
active user base for this? And can you give some numbers on the monthly new user 
addition? And secondly, a follow-up on that would be initially in the previous calls, 
Hardik, you have mentioned that we use this as a funnel to direct the gamers towards 
poker and rummy. So are we seeing that right now? And what would be the 
conversion rate? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
So as far as the strategy is concerned, that is precisely the strategy to use this as a 
platform and a funnel to try and attract as many more number of people onto the 
platform who will be onboarded. And then over a period of time, try and nudge them 
towards the high ARPU gains. Now I'm not only saying poker and rummy, but 
obviously, Poker Rummy are the highest ARPU games at this point of time. But 
every other ARPU that is ARPU, which is a high ARPU game is where we'll try and 
nudge the players to ensure that our revenue and profitability is maintained. With 
regards to the data on users, I think I have Abhinav on call it now. Abhinav if can be 
brought into the talk mode and Abhinav can throw some light? 
 
Abhinav Nigam: 
Okay. So as far as the data on the active user base is concerned over the last 2 
quarters, our average revenues monthly revenues are more than 30,000 and more 
than 40,000 users every month. So the multi gaming platform is seeing the heavy 
growth and we are quite confident that this growth will continue. 
 
Pratik Shetty: 
 
 
Okay. Month on month what is the addition? 
 
Abhinav Nigam:   
 
So Pratik you want to know on the month-on-month addition interest? 
 
Pratik Shetty: 
As in what is the monthly growth rate kind of if could give an idea over the last 6 
months or maybe quarter how fast are we growing in the online, the user base? 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
Pratik, we started the multi-gaming focus in the last 6 months or 8 months to be 
precise where we started focusing where we started spending. So what Abhinav is 
saying that we are looking at 30,000 to 40,000 monthly MAUs happening that 
monthly active users happening. That's the kind of trend that we are seeing, and 
that's where he said that it's a healthy growth that we are seeing. 
 
Pratik Shetty: 
Okay. Got it. And so it's too early to kind of look at the conversions as well then, I 
guess, right, maybe towards the high ARPU games? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
Absolutely Pratik. 
 
Pratik Shetty: 
Okay. Understood. So my second question would be on the Daman case. So if and 
when we get a hearing in our favor, how long will it take to kind of set up the casino 
and start generating revenues from there? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
The casino is everything is ready. It's just a plug-and-play because that's going to be 
an electronic casino again. So we just have to plug-in the equipments and we'll be 
ready to start. It takes me about 45 days to 60 days to activate the whole thing 
because I’ll need to get in people. I need to bring in the equipment from wherever 
they have been currently being utilized. And we will ensure that in 45 to 60 days 
times we are up and running. 
 
Pratik Shetty: 
 
 
Great. So no significant CapEx on the electronic equipment? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
Not really, so there will be, but very insignificant. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Hardik, just one clarification. And correct me if I heard you wrong, but you say 
INR3,000 crore CapEx for the Deltin City project? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
Yes. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So earlier, we were thinking about around INR1,500 crore kind of a number?  
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
No, we were always talking about INR1,800 crore to INR2,000 crore. If you look at 
all the commodities, they have significantly risen the costs have gone up multifold, 
plus bringing a 5-year project, we need to provide for a further inflationary and 
contingency mechanism built-in, so that would be another INR300 crore, INR400 
crore easily. And if you account for all the steel prices, cement prices and other 
commodity prices going up, that's the natural INR300 crore, INR400 crore. So on the 
whole, about INR600 crore, INR700 crore deviation comes in from there, plus, 
obviously, there is like an import component involved in this. So if you look at the 
rupee dollar, again, that's something that has gone for a toss from where we started. 
So I think while we are not off in that sense of the term, but yes given the factors 
which are external and beyond the control of anyone that has got an impact on the 
price. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Okay. So in terms of your internal workings, does it change your attractiveness of 
the project because the cost increase is substantial, right? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
While the cost increase is substantial, but on the other hand, if you see the way the 
casino business has been doing and the gaming numbers are stacking up, I don't 
think it is going to make a significant impact in terms of the profitability, if we are 
able to achieve the casino strategy, right? And since we have been operating casinos 
for the last so many years, we believe that we would be able to pull it through. And 
this, the project, obviously, hovers around the entire casino setup. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Navin Goel, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Navin Goel:  
My question is that what is a weekday capacity utilization for Deltin Royale? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
Honestly, there is no concept of capacity utilization, please understand. One could 
have a different mix of people where you want ship overflowing with 2,000 people a 
day and the revenue would not be commensurate and then you would have 500 
people where the revenue would be commensurate. So there is no concept of 
capacity. Theoretically, I could say that I have 2,000 gaming positions, average 
utilization by a person is 4 hours, and there are 24 hours in a day, so into 4 into 6 is 
24 into 2,000. So that is the hypothetical capacity, but I don't think one should look 
at it that way. 
 
Navin Goel: 
And the second question I'm having, the entry price, which you are having for 
random gamer who are coming, that covers your fixed costs, which you are incurring 
on food? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
Yes, of course. Everything, it covers everything my FnB, transportation all, it will 
obviously cover, I don't want to lose money at any stage. 
 
Navin Goel: 
 
 
So it's a good thing if you can have more footfalls? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
Of course. But the there is no capacity constraint as such on weekdays, but if there 
are people, there will be accommodated, if there no people on where do I get people 
from and where does one talk about capacity there. And like I said, we have seen that 
over the last few years, there has not been too much of a deviation whether it is a 
Monday or a Sunday. Yes, of course, the Tuesday and Wednesday maybe an odd dip 
in the footfall, but otherwise by and large, everything is on a very standard flow 
basis. 
 
Navin Goel: 
Okay. And the last one from my side, is there any comment you want to make with 
respect to immediate competition, which has come in. Is there any impact because of 
that as per your internal clients? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
Which immediate competition are you referring to? 
 
Navin Goel: 
 
 
Let's say, Big Daddy is there. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
They have been operating for the past 4 years which competition, there a new 
competition that is coming, except for that one month when they are on that program 
where they have Bollywood star coming in and trying to attract as many people as 
they can on their vessel. I think everybody has settled and we've grown from where 
we were in 2019, we surpassed all our numbers. In fact, I opened my call with saying 
that this is historical highs in terms of revenue and profit. So where is the question? 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumit, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sumit:  
Sir, first of all, congratulations for the good set of number. And all the question has 
been asked. I have just one question, as we are coming up with the IPO and the 
online revenue will be moving from Delta Corp to Deltin Corp. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
No, it is not going anywhere. Delta will continue, the Deltatech gaming will continue 
to be a subsidiary, which will keep guiding consulted with Delta Corp, so it doesn't 
really matter from a balance sheet and a P&L perspective. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajay, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Ajay:  
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Just wanted to check, I joined a little late. 
So on this GST part, any update on that? 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
No, so we are waiting that the group of ministers to present their report to the GST 
Council. Based on the interactions and the representations that were made from time 
to time to the group of ministers and the council, we are very happy to say that at 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
October 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
least the fact that each of the business, whether it is the online game from casinos, 
from horseracing has been clarified to them that each of them is a separate business 
and one cannot use the same yardstick to kind of calculate or compute tax. And 
especially in the case of casino, we have always been at 28% from the inception of 
GSE. 
 
So from a rate perspective, we are agnostic there is no change that is going to have, 
but there's no change that's going to happen as far as we are concerned on the rate 
front. And what we are only seeking from a casino industry perspective or a casino 
operator perspective is the fact that internationally worldwide, the GST is calculated 
and completed in a certain manner, which is the manner that India was following 
right from the 1990s all the way to 2017 and beyond even after GST, till about the 
time when a new circular comes in, which brought in some ambiguity bank 
thankfully because of the representations that also has been clarified now, and we are 
very confident and hopeful that the committee, along with the group of ministers will 
take the right and the fair decision. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comment. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
I think we've touched upon every aspect of the company and the business that 
needed to be touched upon and thrown light to, through my opening remarks or 
through the Q&A that we had. I am very thankful to everybody to keep supporting 
Delta and participating on this call. Thank you, Alpesh, over to you. 
 
Alpesh Thacker: 
Thank you for your closing remarks and clarifying all the doubts that the investor 
community had. We can close this call now. Thanks for the participation. 
 
Hardik Dhebar: 
 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
