 
 
INFOSYS LIMITED 
CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115 
44, Infosys Avenue 
Electronics City, Hosur Road 
Bengaluru 560 100, India 
T  91 80 2852 0261 
F  91 80 2852 0362 
investors@infosys.com 
www.infosys.com 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
October 17, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of 
Board of directors on October 13, 2022 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the 
Board meeting held on October 13, 2022, for your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2022-2023/q2.html 
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2022-
2023/q2.html 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
SURYANARAYANA 
ANUR GURUGOPALA 
RAJU MANIKANTHA
Digitally signed by 
SURYANARAYANA ANUR 
GURUGOPALA RAJU 
MANIKANTHA 
Date: 2022.10.17 15:58:24 +05'30'

1 
 
 
“Infosys Limited 
Q2 FY23 Media Conference Call” 
 
October 13, 2022 
 
 C O R P O R A T E P A R T I C I P A N T S: 
  
  
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
  
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
  
Rishi Basu (Emcee) 
Corporate Communications 
  
JOURNALISTS 
  
Ritu Singh  
CNBC TV 18 
  
Anisha Jain  
ET Now 
  
Sajeet Manghat  
BQ Prime  
  
Kushal Gupta 
Zee Business  
  
Chandra Ranganathan 
Moneycontrol 
  
Shilpa Phadnis  
The Times of India 
  
Sai Ishwar 
The Economic Times 
  
Haripriya Sureban 

2 
The Hindu BusinessLine  
  
Sethuraman NR 
Reuters  
  
Binu Paul  
Business Today 
  
Shivani Shinde  
Business Standard 
  
Uma Kannan 
The New India Express 
  
Tushar Goenka 
Financial Express 
  
Harshada Sawant 
CNBC Awaaz 
  
Debasis Mohapatra 
Deccan Herald 
  
Reshab Shaw 
Informist 
  
Mint 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 
Rishi Basu 
A very good evening everyone and thank you for joining us physically this time at our second 
quarter results press conference. My name is Rishi and on behalf of Infosys, I would like to 
welcome all of you, our friends from media, and our leaders from Infosys. We are delighted to 
host you today. A couple of house rules before we start. We have a lot of friends from media 
present today, so I will request one question from each media house like I always do so that we 
can accommodate everyone over the next one hour. With that let me invite our Chief Executive 
Officer Mr. Salil Parekh for his opening remarks. Over to you Salil. 
 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon and welcome. It is always good to have all of you here on the 
campus and I am sure you are also enjoying being back in person and being at our campus, so 
thank you for being here.  
Our Q2 performance was strong with year-on-year growth at 18.8% and sequential at 4% in 
constant currency. Growth in Q2 was broad-based with all industries and geographies growing 
in double digits in constant currency. This momentum is accompanied by a strong pipeline of 
large deals and the highest large deal value in the last seven quarters at $2.7 bn, 54% of this is 
net new.  
These elements are a clear reflection of the deeply differentiated digital and cloud capabilities 
we have developed, that are highly relevant to our client’s strategic priorities.  
Our digital revenues are now 61.8% of our overall revenue and they grew at 31.2% in the 
quarter in constant currency terms. While digital continues to see strong growth rates, we are 
seeing in this quarter acceleration in the growth trajectory of our core services. This is due to 
our industry leading-automation capabilities and reflects an interest among clients towards cost 
optimization programs. We also see this in our large deal pipeline with strong focus on cost 
reduction programs, in addition to the digital transformation programs in the pipeline.  
While we generally do not share the specific amount of our cloud revenue, we are delighted to 
share that in Q2, our cloud revenue was larger than $1 bn showing tremendous strength of our 
cloud services, especially our industry-leading Cobalt capability. A strong growth was 
accompanied by an operating margin expansion of 150 basis points, where we had an operating 
margin in the quarter of 21.5%. This stems from cost efficiencies, optimization in large deals, 
and currency benefits.  

4 
Our attrition has been decreasing now for three quarters on a quarterly annualized basis, 
including now in Q2 and we see this trend along a downward trajectory.  
In keeping with our capital allocation policy, the board has announced a share buyback of 
Rs.9,300 crore and an interim dividend of approximately Rs.6,940 crore.  
 
With that, let me open it up for questions. Rishi, over to you. 
  
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. With that 
we will open up for questions. The first question is from Ritu Singh from CNBC TV18. 
 
Ritu Singh 
Hi Salil. A quick question on your guidance that you have given from 15% - 16% revenue, you 
have tightened it further to about 14% - 16%. The upper end remains the same, but if you could 
give a sense on what made you tighten the guidance? And also, your share buyback, you have 
the option to go all the way up to 18,000 as we understand then why capped at about Rs.9,000 
crore odd that you have done? 
 
Salil Parekh 
On the guidance, we have had an incredibly large deals performance in this quarter at $2.7 bn. 
We have had strong momentum at 18.8% growth in the quarter. We continue to see good 
traction. We also see that there is some caution. Last time we had mentioned that we saw some 
caution in mortgages in financial services. We talked about retail. We now see some caution in 
hi-tech and in telecom. Keeping all of those factors -- the positive factors and the global macro 
factors, we have decided to make our guidance narrower at the higher end of the band that we 
had - so it was 14% - 16% and now it is 15% - 16%. On the share buyback, let me request 
Nilanjan to address that. 
  
Nilanjan Roy 
On the share buyback, of course, the board considers a lot of factors, but coming to your 
specific point on the maximum. Since this is an open market offer, it is limited to 15% of the 
share capital and reserves which is about Rs.9,400 odd crore -- give or take. So, the board has 
decided on a figure of Rs.9300 crore. 

5 
 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Anisha Jain from ET Now and Anisha sent her question 
on text. What has supported the margin performance? What are the levers to improve margins 
hereon? Deal wins is strong at $2.7 bn. Going forward do you expect clients to cut spending of 
this run rate of over $2 bn, will that continue? Will FY24 also see double-digit growth? 
 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start with a couple of them. On the margin, Nilanjan will come back on. On the deal 
wins, I think this is an incredible performance from the company, $2.7 bn is a very large 
number. We have a very strong focus on large deals and 54% being net new that gives us a 
really good platform for what we see in the future. Now large deals, we have always 
maintained, these are volatile. In some quarters the numbers are high, and some are low. These 
are not very predictable outcomes, but in general, if you look over a four-quarter period, we 
have a fairly good large deal momentum. Our pipeline for large deals remains quite strong 
today and it is in a good position. So we feel comfortable with where we are in the market. Just 
to add, the macro comments that I made in the earlier question, those obviously, still hold. 
Nilanjan Roy 
On the margins, we have improved from 20.0% - 21.5% sequentially, which is a 150 basis 
points improvement. We have got 70 basis points out of that because of currency benefits, all 
currency versus the dollar as you know depreciated as well, and of course, there was cross-cost 
currency impact so that gave us 70 BPS. We got 90 basis points from cost optimization and 
you are aware of the levers we deploy in terms of the pyramid, in terms of automation, in terms 
of onsite/offshore, pricing, so between that large deal optimization, and other costs which we 
have been able to take out are partly offset by utilization, we got about 90 BPS from there. We 
have got about 40 BPS from reducing our subcon. Again, cost lever which we have been trying 
to attack gave us 40 BPS and this was offset by about 40 BPS from comp related because some 
of our comp hikes were rolled out on 1st July as we mentioned. So, all in all, we got 150 basis 
points improvement. If you see from the guidance perspective and as we had mentioned in the 
last earnings call, we had said we will be at the bottom end of our 21% - 23% guidance. We 

6 
are now looking at our first-half performance. We have for this year at least tightened it to 21% 
- 22% and we expect to be at the bottom end of that band. 
 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question also on text is from BQ Prime. Sajeet Manghat asks Salil, can 
you elaborate on the demand environment in the US and Europe in the context of the 
geopolitical events in Europe and macroeconomic challenges seen in the US. What is the 
exposure to Europe, especially Germany, and how do you see the TCV pipeline? For Nilanjan, 
a similar question on margins again, how do you see the trajectory for margins given weak 
traditional H2? And what is the kind of leverage available with respect to bench utilization? 
 
Salil Parekh 
On the demand environment, what we see is on the macro front, which we had indicated last 
time is that we started to see some concerns on the mortgage side, in financial services, and in 
the retail industry. We are seeing this time some concerns in the hi-tech and in the telecom 
industry, in addition to those, these are more on the discretionary part of our pipeline. We are 
also at the same time seeing a strong large deals pipeline, which gives us some confidence. We 
have pivoted and I think the market itself is also pivoting, the clients where there is more and 
more interest in automation and cost efficiency, and we see that coming through within our 
pipeline. We have seen growth - both in digital over 30% and in the core which shows that both 
of our engines are working quite well. In terms of the US and Europe, in Q2 we had very strong 
growth in Europe near 30%, and strong growth in the US over 15%. We continue to see the 
pipeline between both of those geographies today, but also keep in mind that we are being 
watchful given the macro environment developing. 
 
Nilanjan Roy 

7 
On the margins as we look at the second half, we have ended the first half with about 20.7%. 
And like we have guided, at the bottom end of 21% to 22%, so, of course, margins for the 
second half will have to go up. We have our levers in terms of our utilization, which is one of 
the factors mentioned because we are really at the bottom end of utilization as we put a lot of 
freshers into the system, now they are sitting on the bench, but over a period of time they will 
start getting deployed so this will become a tailwind. As attrition starts coming down,  this will 
be a benefit in terms of stretch salaries so that is one of the other things which started helping 
us. So, in this range of 21 to 22, we are quite comfortable for the full year as well.  
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Zee Business from Kushal Gupta. Kushal’s question for 
Salil – Europe’s growth has been great with 28.5% constant currency growth. Is there actually 
no issue with client IT budgets for the next year amidst the fears of recession? For Nilanjan, 
operationally the performance has been great, what were the key factors behind this and the 
outlook ahead? 
 
Salil Parekh 
We have had very good traction in Europe for the last several quarters and that has shown again 
in this quarter’s growth number. We continue to see that the pipeline of large deals is strong, 
but we are also cautious and watching the macro development. Today our pipeline looks good 
and our guidance for the full year, therefore, is at 15% - 16%. 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
On the operations, as we have mentioned, we have a good margin story but I think even beyond 
that our ability to absorb freshers and making sure that they are trained, they are picking up 
new skills, putting them into projects, and then over a period of time start rotating them. 
Because this talent pipeline for us we knew, in the long run, is the only way this industry would 
grow other than rotational churn. Therefore, in fact, in the first half we have already done, I 

8 
think close to 40,000 freshers across the company in all streams. So, we are quite hopeful in 
terms of absorbing the freshers, putting them through their paces, and then start putting them 
into large deals and other deals as well and that has been a big learning for us during this entire 
process. 
 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra from Money Control. 
 
Chandra 
I just want to ask you about the net employee addition number. I mean it is usually a good lead 
indicator of growth and that has come in at 10,000 I think which is what compared to 21,000 
in the previous quarter. So, what does it say about the growth going ahead, I mean because on 
the one hand you sound confident, but is this also a sign of caution? What are you hearing from 
clients in conversation because other companies are saying at least in Europe, the discussion is 
only about how they are going to manage the winter so if you can give us a sense on what you 
are hearing from North America as well as Europe? For Nilanjan, a question on the margin 
guidance, you know you have kind of tightened at the upper end at a time when supply side 
challenges are coming down, again how should we read this? Are there growth constraints, 
pricing constraints and if you can also tell us about why you are opting for a market buyback 
for the second time because even the last time many shareholders felt it was a negative move 
because it really does not benefit them so why are you opting for a market buyback? And one 
question for HR head on moonlighting. Infosys sent out a missive to its employees on how they 
should not two time, but if you can give us your views on moonlighting, thanks. 
Salil Parekh 
On the first question, I think 10,000 is a very strong net addition for us on top of the 20,000 
that we had in the last quarter. Having said that, what we see with clients in the industries that 
I was referring to before, for example mortgages in financial services, retail, or parts of hi-tech 

9 
or telecom, we see more caution in the way that the buyers, the clients are looking at services. 
We also see some impact on discretionary spending there. At the same time our pipeline is 
extremely large, we had a very strong large deals number for this quarter. The way we are 
looking at it is we are making sure that we support our clients as they are looking for their 
growth/transformation programs and now more and more for their cost efficiency where we 
are deploying our automation services and our pipeline has shown that there are more and more 
of those types of activities as well. Our view is we are ready in this macro environment for all 
types of client work - whether it focuses on digital and growth, whether it focuses on cost, and 
yet we want to be careful that we are cognizant of what is going on with the macro environment 
and make sure that we go into this watchfully so that is how we are seeing this progression 
happen at this stage.  
Nilanjan Roy 
On the buyback, I think firstly we have a very predictable capital allocation policy which we 
believe is really best in class. It is a five-year policy. From FY20 to FY24 we said we will 
return 85% of our free cash flows so it is a very predictable policy. It has got a dividend element 
on it and it has got a buyback and an option also to do special dividend and therefore we also 
look at over this period how will our cash flows change and therefore how do we give back 
money in terms of both dividends and buybacks or special dividend and therefore we also want 
to see how much cash will be on the balance sheet. So, it is not about finishing our cash on day 
one, so we pace all this out. And of course, one of the ways you can do it - is through a tender 
offer or through an open market offer. For the last two we have done open market offers and 
the board feels looking at our listings in the US, our regulatory concerns, and EPS accretion 
that it could be better to go for an open market offer so they look at other considerations as well 
and we decided to go for an open market. On the margin guidance, I just mentioned we are 
20.7% at H1, and like we said, we are going to be at 21% to 22%, at the bottom of 21% so 
mathematically we will have to be probably closer to 21.4% or something to even hit 21% so 
we are looking at margin levers going ahead. As we talked about, there will be some abatement 
from the attrition side, there will be on the same side headwinds because of furlough because 
it is a seasonally weak quarter as you mentioned, so we will have some headwinds coming 
from furlough and lower working days and which some of these we will try to offset through 

10 
our cost optimization, etc., and therefore like we said that 21% to 24% is a narrow band which 
we will be comfortable with for this year.   
Salil Parekh  
On moonlighting, let me address it. One of the things that our company is always focused on 
is making sure that we have real attention to learning opportunities and general opportunities 
for all of our employees and we have always encouraged our employees to have that sort of 
mindset within the company. In fact, within the company, we have set up - over the last several 
years not now, not last week over the last several years a platform which we call ‘Accelerate’ 
where employees can look at what we call internally - gig work, different projects outside of 
their main work. On the average quarter, over 4000 people apply for this. About 600 are 
selected so it is something that is active within the company. Now for gig opportunities in the 
external environment, we support the aspirations of our employees to learn beyond their work. 
We will support them to work on certain gig projects after the prior approval of their managers. 
We are also developing more comprehensive policies for that while ensuring contractual and 
confidentiality commitments are fully respected. However, to be clear we do not support dual 
employment. 
Chandra 
(Inaudible question) 
Salil Parekh 
I do not have the information on the processes. If we have found in the past that the employees 
who are doing blatant work in two specific companies, whether it is confidentiality issues, we 
have let go of them in the last 12 months. 
Rishi Basu 
The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from The Times of India. 
Shilpa Phadnis 

11 
Infosys believes in converting an adversity into an opportunity, what are two or three things 
you would do differently in a probability of uncertain events especially when the client’s 
decision-making velocity has slowed down? My second question is that barring BPM very few 
subsidiaries are firing up, you and Mr. Roy did an internal review two months back on different 
subsidiaries so are you taking a hard look at some of them, and are you folding some of them? 
Salil Parekh 
Sorry Shilpa can you just repeat the first one please? 
Shilpa Phadnis 
Infosys believes in converting an adversity into opportunity. What are the two or three things 
that you will do differently when uncertain events are panning out, especially in terms of 
macroeconomic indicators and client decision-making velocity slowing down? My third 
question is Infosys long back started collapsing layers internally. Recently, we have seen some 
of the seniors put on sabbatical and some of them are let go due to account-related challenges. 
How do you plan to motivate this back especially when we hear that variable payout of JL7 
and above have still not been rolled out? 
Salil Parekh 
I will start with the first one. I think it was a question about how we convert in this environment 
different situations to what Infosys can do best. I think that is a very critical point. What we are 
seeing in this environment is the capabilities that Infosys has. We have a very strong set of 
capabilities on digital and cloud and we are seeing good traction and growth on those. We also 
have very good capabilities on automation, leveraging artificial intelligence and machine 
learning and efficiency and we are seeing very good traction on the cost programs where clients 
are looking at efficiency. So what our approach is we want to make sure that both of those 
pillars and both of those engines are available to clients depending on what situation they are 
in. And as the macro develop because the macro will change, there could be positive stimulants, 
there could be negative stimulants so that are things we do not know, but we have both of these 
engines which are working well and we believe that that will support us as we look at it in a 
careful way as we go through the next period of time. The second one was about subsidiaries. 
Nilanjan, do you want to take that one? 

12 
Nilanjan Roy 
We review subsidiaries every quarter. It is not as if it is an annual exercise. In fact, three of our 
best subsidies: Ben is here. Andrew is here. Radha is here. We continue to push them for 
performance. There is no question about it, the way we get pushed and so, that is part of the 
game, but I think they are all doing very well. There are a lot of synergy benefits. Ben looks 
across the entire DX world. WONGDOODY is now across Europe and India, and it is now in 
the USA and across the DX and it is a very large platform for us to take to our clients for 
experience so I think we have no concerns. 
Salil Parekh 
On the layer, I am not aware of people on sabbatical. We have internal tracking, for example, 
connecting with our employees and we track what we call our engagement scores. We have 
seen a steady and good increase in our engagement scores across our company. We are seeing 
real connect where people are seeing, there is a new set of policies and initiatives that our HR 
team has rolled out for leadership development, for skilling, for making sure that there is much 
more awareness and support in the time during COVID, both from a medical perspective and 
also from a mental health perspective, so we are seeing a lot of traction. I do not see any of 
those levers being something which is a concern. There is always something that is being 
watched and in fact, we are now seeing the last three quarter’s attrition coming down quite 
significantly each quarter. In Q2, it was down by over another two points than the previous 
quarter, so we think some of the initiatives that were put in place are starting to have an impact 
and we will continue to drive those initiatives ahead. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you.  The next question is from Sai Ishwar from The Economic Times. 
Sai Ishwar 
Sir, you had said that you are seeing caution in mortgages, financial services, retail and that is 
catching on to hi-tech and telecom as well, right? So, can you actually tell us whether these are 
discretionary spends that are getting affected, or do you see the total tech spends itself being 
held back by clients? And also, one more question to Nilanjan Sir is, we are also hearing news 

13 
about the onboarding delay of freshers, but on the other hand you have already reached the 
40,000 targets in terms of fresher hiring, so, how should we read into this? Because we are 
hearing reports seeing people who got offers in 2021 are not on-boarded yet. So, did Infosys 
probably overestimate demand? 
Salil Parekh 
On the first one, what we are seeing in those specific industries, that I mentioned whether it is 
mortgages or hi-tech or the others, is an impact on the discretionary spend right now. What we 
are also seeing is the stepping back from all of that, many large companies are also looking at 
being more cost-efficient, So, we see that given that we have a strength in digital, we have 
strength in transformation, we have strength in discretionary, and we have strength in 
automation, and cost efficiency, we are able to support clients on both of those engines. But 
we do see those areas where we see some caution in more of the discretionary side. 
Nilanjan Roy 
On the fresher side, like I said, we have already done 40,000. When we started, we told you 
50,000, so, I do not think there has been any delay, particularly. A lot of people are going to 
Mysuru. In fact, in physical it is a good thing that we have opened up the campus and it is a big 
attraction for our talent to go through the physical training of Mysuru and then go to the DC. 
We are tracking, as per our plan, in fact, like we said, our 10,000 net add probably is the highest 
in the industry. It will go up maybe. We have not given out a number as yet, but of course the 
50K will go up. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from The Hindu BusinessLine  
Haripriya Sureban 
So, what percentage of your workforce is back to the offices? What is your play there? Do you 
intend to call your employees back to offices? And the second question on attrition, you have 
sort of tried to get it down, so what is helping you? How have you achieved it? And do you see 
moderation going forward? Thank you. 

14 
Salil Parekh 
On the return to work, we are looking at this every week. Last week, across India, we had about 
45,000 employees in the office at any given time, not all five days, but at different times and 
that is a huge number, given where everyone was in this industry a few months ago. And what 
we are finding is the approach we have taken so far, we have been extremely supportive of our 
employees. We have been extremely supportive of a flexible approach, and it has been well 
received and it is working. We are seeing that this is now gradually increasing. A couple of 
weeks ago, I was in our Pune DC. In fact, Radha and I were both there. We could see a lot of 
engagement with employees as we connected with several of them. My sense is that over time, 
we will make all the support necessary so more and more employees can come back. There are, 
of course, several client situations which require specific action, so, those will be followed as 
the clients are requiring it, but where we are able to provide some flexibility, we will continue 
to provide flexibility.  
On the attrition, there were several initiatives that Krish and our HR team rolled out, maybe 
12/18 months ago, and I think we had shared some of those. There is one of them, for example, 
where there is a very well-defined path in terms of career in the first several years of an 
employee and the steps are clearly defined and well understood. That is a big positive for 
employees so there are no surprises anymore for them. There is a lot of emphasis on leadership 
development and skilling. There are programs with large global universities which the 
company runs, which give employees the ability to self-improve, and then we have our online 
platform, which allows employees to do it. So, there are several of those initiatives as a 
combination of that and it is worth it. The trend in the last three quarters is good, and my sense 
is, these initiatives will continue to give us benefit. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from line Reuters News, Sethuraman. 
Sethuraman 
Good evening, Sir. I just wanted to know, was there any standout deal or closure this quarter? 
Would you be able to help me with your benchmark for the large deal? Just wanted to know 
whether there were multiple sized chunk of deals? And also wanted to know about where there 

15 
any smaller deals because you do not normally give out details on the smaller ones? Also, last 
minute buy back announcement and the open market buying looks like a bit of a pressure from 
the market, in terms of, I just wanted to know, was there any pressure? Because normally, you 
consider buyback when you come out with earnings announcement, so this was the last 
moment, so, was there any delay or any consideration about that? And lastly, is there any 
reorganization going on in the company with Mr. Ravi Kumar’s exit? Will the backfill happen 
for the president role? Are you looking at anything? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
I will start with the first one. I think on large deals. We had 27 large deals. So, for us, large 
deals are deals which are more than $50 million in value, and so it is a very significant size of 
a deal. We do not give out any specific deal information. To give you a sense, there are 27. 
That number can then give you a sense, given the overall value of the large deals. On the 
buybacks, let me start and Nilanjan might want to add. We have a very well-defined capital 
allocation policy. We have followed all of the reviews internally and externally on that. We 
feel no unusual activity, whatever sort of phrase you use, it was a well-informed decision by 
the board, and we think it is going to be a huge positive because we have a capital return 
approach through this policy and Nilanjan can add a little bit on that in a second. On Ravi, first: 
Ravi is a good friend. I wish him all the best in his new endeavors. Infosys has incredible 
leadership talent in my mind. So over time we will make sure that all of the activities are in the 
best interest of the clients, the employees, and the company.  
Nilanjan Roy 
Our capital allocation is very predictable. We said 85%. In fact, last year we had given 73%. 
So, I think if we have to catch up to 85%, buyback was the most natural way to do it. So, I do 
not think there is any pressure and that is the beauty of our policy. It is so predictable. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Binu Paul from Business Today. 
Binu Paul 

16 
On the hiring of the freshers so there is a large number of people that you have hired and? I 
just wanted to ask what kind of impact when these freshers get on to newer projects will it have 
on your cost optimization and margins? 
Salil Parekh 
Regarding the hiring of college graduates, I think last year we did something in the range of 
80,000 college graduates who joined us. One of the things that we are extremely good at and 
known for is our training program and especially now that everyone is back in person at Mysuru 
training centre and in addition to what we have now which is online. We have also set up 
training for some of the modules within our different DCs, i.e., our delivery centers. We find 
that these individuals coming out of the Infosys training are extremely ready to start to be 
productive and they help us tremendously. Last year we had 20% growth, with Q1 having 21%. 
This quarter has 18% growth, so that needs tremendous input that we see from new employees 
joining us. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next few questions are on text. We have a question from Shivani Shinde from 
Business Standard - Attrition is still in the 20% range. By when do you see this coming down 
to sub-20%? 
Salil Parekh 
On attrition, my sense is that it has come down three quarters in a row for us. Each quarter is a 
sizeable, large step. All of the initiatives that have been put in place by the company and by the 
HR leadership are starting to yield some benefits. Over time my sense is that we will continue 
to see more benefits with attrition. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from The New Indian Express. Any plans to make work from 
office mandatory as your peers are calling employees back to office? Or any plans to continue 
the present work-from-home model? Also, are there any plans to increase local hiring in the 
American and European markets? 

17 
Salil Parekh 
I think what we have seen is that over the last several quarters all through COVID, our work-
from-home approach has been extremely effective for our clients and for our employees. We 
have already seen a lot of our employees coming back. We have put in place in the past a very 
flexible approach where employees really had a tremendous amount of choice. And we see this 
traction of the employees coming back increasing week-on-week on its own. We want to make 
sure that we build things in the future which keep this element of flexibility and make sure that 
we address client-specific needs, but we want to make sure that it is something that our 
employees are comfortable with. 
Rishi Basu 
Thankyou. The next question is from Financial Express. What is the revenue model for Infosys 
from 5G? Are you in talks with clients to leverage the opportunity? There is also another 
question on moonlighting which we have already answered. 
Salil Parekh 
On 5G, it is really a step change in the world as it is in India. At Infosys, we have developed 
huge sets of capabilities for 5G, with client solutions first for the telco industry and also for use 
cases which are for other industries leveraging 5G. For example, retail, financial services, 
logistics, warehousing, there is a host of these use cases being developed. We see a huge 
amount of traction in this business as we look forward and so it is one of the growth drivers 
that we will continue to see in the future. 
 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from CNBC Awaaz. Are you sensing any hesitation from 
clients on expanding budgets? What is the sentiment of clients in Europe? You mentioned some 
pressure in the BFSI sector, is it likely to worsen? 
Salil Parekh 

18 
On the client environment, the information that we read comes down to us in different formats. 
One is that we have two big drivers or engines on digital which is growing in Q2 for us and 
core services which is also growing. Both are supported by very strong capabilities whether it 
is Cobalt or automation. We also see that there are specific areas in the macro environments 
where we are more cautious - mortgages in financial services, retail, and some parts of hi-tech 
or telecom. But at the same time, our large deals pipeline is doing quite well, and we see good 
traction in this quarter in large deals which was at $2.7 bn. So all of those are different aspects 
of what we see in the environment. 
 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Deccan Herald. How is the overall pricing environment? 
Are you looking at passing some of the costs to clients where cross currency movement has an 
adverse impact? Will the current pricing power sustain in the second half of FY2023? 
Nilanjan Roy 
We have seen inflation across the world and the pandemic in some sort of way across 
geographies. It is both across consumer prices and wage inflation. And of course, we are going 
back to many of our clients, one being as part of the clauses which we have like COLA. 
Sometimes we are going back as part of our digital pricing and trying to demonstrate the value 
we are able to bring. For instance, in the cost takeout program and how that can be taken back 
in terms of pricing or productivity with us. So, these are multiple conversations across each 
client because clients are unique. They speak on tracks, there are T&M contracts, mid-cycle 
contracts, and new contracts. But the good news is that we have seen a reduction in discounts 
which is very visible. The kind of discount we would have on renewals, etc. earlier has 
definitely come down. On the other hand, we are trying to position ourselves to increase our 
prices on the digital rate card, at the same time demonstrating the value this talent can give. So, 
the answer is yes, but this is a very long haul, and it will take time. It is not something which 
we can flip the book on every quarter, but this is something which we are seeing some traction 
in. 
 

19 
Rishi Basu 
The next question is from The Informist. How do you see the Q3 performance given the 
macroeconomic situation? You have answered this in case you want to add more. 
Salil Parekh 
I think on Q3, we do not give quarterly guidance, we give annual guidance. We have taken our 
growth guidance which has gone from 14% - 16% to 15% - 16%, which is at the higher end of 
the growth guidance. We expect it to be in the 15% -16% bracket for the full year. 
 
Rishi Basu 
The last question for this evening is from Mint. On the India market, given that there has been 
a steady growth of enterprise spends for digital transformation in India, how does Infosys 
expect the domestic market to contribute in the coming quarters? 
Salil Parekh 
We are extremely bullish on where the Indian digital transformation agenda is. We have done 
projects which are really mission-critical. We can see, for example, on the GST program, there 
is a tremendous realization and increase in the collection that the government is seeing through 
the digital implementation of a completely new platform. We have seen similar things this year 
with the IT platform. So, we are well positioned to do scaled digital transformation programs 
and we look forward to working with government organizations and private companies in that 
area as appropriate. 
 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. With that, we come to an end of this Q&A session. We thank our friends from 
media for being part of this press conference. Thank you to our leaders from Infosys for being 
part of this press conference. Thank you, Salil, thank you, Nilanjan. Before we conclude, please 
note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be available on the Infosys website 
and on our YouTube channel later today.  

20 
Thank you and please join us for some high tea outside. 

1 
 
 
“Infosys Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 13, 2022 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations 
 
A N A LY S T S 
 
Ankur Rudra 
JP Morgan 
 
Moshe Katri 
Wedbush Securities 
 
Ashwin Mehta 
Ambit Capital 
 
Jamie Friedman 
Susquehanna 
 
Zack Ajzenman  
Cowen 
 
Keith Bachman 
BMO 
 
Aniket Pande 
ICICI Securities 
 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 

2 
 
Dipesh Mehta 
Emkay Global 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equirus Securities 
 
Manik Taneja 
JM Financial 
 
Ravi Menon 
Macquarie 
 

3 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Limited’s Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” 
on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Thanks Inba. Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call to discuss Q2 FY23 
financial results. This is Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in Bangalore. Joining us 
today on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy and other 
members of the senior management team. We will start the call with some remarks on the 
performance of the company by Salil and Nilanjan, subsequent to which we will open up the 
call for questions.  
Kindly note that anything that we say that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
A full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which 
can be found on www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Sandeep. Good afternoon, good evening, and good morning to everyone joining the 
call and thank you for joining our call.  
Our Q2 performance was strong with year-on-year growth at 18.8% and sequential growth at 
4.0% in constant currency. Growth in Q2 was broad based with all industries and geographies 
growing in double-digits in constant currency.  

4 
Growth in constant currency in the first half of FY2023 was 20.1%, compared to the first half 
of FY22. This momentum is accompanied by a strong pipeline of large deals and the highest 
large deal value in the last seven quarters of $2.7 bn, 54% of this was net new. These 
elements are a clear reflection of the deeply differentiated digital and cloud capabilities we 
have developed that are highly relevant to our client’s strategic priorities.  
Our digital revenues are at 61.8% of our overall revenue and grew 31.2% in the quarter in 
constant currency terms. While digital continues to see some strong growth rates, we are 
seeing acceleration in growth trajectory of our core services this quarter. This is due to our 
industry leading automation capabilities and reflects an interest among clients towards cost 
optimization programmes. We also see this in our large deal pipeline with strong focus on 
cost reduction programmes.  
While we do not generally share the specific amount of our cloud revenue, we are delighted 
to share that in Q2 our cloud revenue was larger than $1 bn showing tremendous strength of 
our cloud services, especially our industry leading Cobalt capabilities.  
Several examples of client transformation demonstrate the value we deliver – 
- 
A European telecommunication company is closely engaging with us to accelerate 
their business growth and prepare for a digital future. 
- 
An aviation giant is working with us to digitally advance the engineering of the 
product development and emerging aircraft programmes.  
- 
A fast-growing logistics company is working with us to secure the cloud environment 
and build greater resilience into their operations.  
These examples and several others showcase our commitment to deliver value for our clients 
and the trust and confidence in our expanding digital capabilities.  
Strong growth this quarter was accompanied by operating margin expansion of 150 basis 
points. The operating margin for the quarter was 21.5%. This was because of cost efficiency, 
optimization in large deals and currency benefits. Nilanjan will provide more colour on this. 
Our H1 operating margins are 20.7%.  

5 
Our attrition has now been decreasing for the past three quarters including this Q2 on a 
quarterly annualized basis.  
While the overall demand environment continued to be healthy as reflected in broad-based 
growth and robust large deal pipeline, we also see signs of cautious behavior by clients due to 
macro concerns. Apart from slowness in the mortgage segment of financial services and the 
retail industry segment we talked about last quarter, we see emerging concerns in high-tech 
and telecom industry segments in the form of reduced spend especially towards discretionary 
programmes. We are well positioned to help our clients with their digital agenda and their 
cost agenda. Growth in our digital and core services demonstrate that. As the macro 
environment evolves, both of these components of our business will help us to be 
appropriately positioned with our clients.  
We have initiated a pivot to focused cost programmes within our large deal pipeline. Our 
operating model and offerings are agile to deliver value for clients in this evolving macro 
environment.  
In keeping with capital allocation policy, the Board has announced a share buyback of `9,300 
Crores or $1.13 bn and an interim dividend of approximately `6,940 Crores or $850 mn.  
Our H1 performance of 20.1% growth in constant currency and robust large deal signings in 
Q2 give us the confidence to change our revenue growth guidance, which was at 14% to 16% 
earlier to 15% to 16%, even as we are seeing emerging concerns that we talked about earlier.  
Our ability to grow at strong rate and take market share gain is a clear validation of the 
relevance, depth and breadth of our service offerings and deep client relationships. We 
change our operating margin guidance for FY2023, only for this year to 21% to 22%, which 
was earlier 21% to 23%. We anticipate, we will be at the lower end of this range.  
With that let me request Nilanjan to share other updates. 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks Salil. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining this call.  

6 
Q2 revenues grew by 18.8% year-on-year and 4% sequentially in constant currency terms. 
All business segments and geos grew in double digit year-on-year in constant currency. 
Specifically, North America grew by 15.6%, Europe by 28.5%, Manufacturing by 45%, 
EURS by 24.3%, Communication by 18.4%, and Retail by 15.4%.  
Digital revenues constitute 61.8% of total revenues and grew by 31.2% year-on-year in 
constant currency. Revenue growth was 20.1% in constant currency terms in H1 2023 over 
H1 2022.  
Client metrics remained strong with year-on-year increases in client count across revenue 
buckets. Number of $50 mn clients increased by 15 to 77, while number of $100 mn clients 
increased by 4 to 39. Number of $300 mn clients increased to 5 from 2 in the Q2 last year 
reflecting our strong ability to mine top clients by providing them multiple services.  
Employee count increased by approximately 10,000 to 345,000. Utilization excluding 
trainees was 83.6%. Onsite effort mix remained flattish at 24.4%. Quarterly annualized 
voluntary attrition came down further by another 2.5% during the quarter. This is also starting 
to reflect in reduction in our LTM attrition numbers which reduced to 27.1% compared to 
28.4% in Q1. We expect attrition to reduce further in the coming quarters.  
Q2 operating margin stood at 21.5%, an increase of 150 basis points QoQ. The major 
components of QoQ margin movements were as follows:  
- 
The margin tailwinds of 70 basis points comprising of rupee depreciation partially 
offset by cross-currency,  
- 
90 basis points from cost optimization including large deal optimization, RPP 
increase, etc., partially offset by lower utilization,  
- 
40 basis points from reduction in subcons spends,  
- 
These were partly offset by headwinds of approximately 40 basis points from 
compensation related increases and impact.  
Q2 EPS grew by 11.5% in rupee terms on a year-on-year basis.  
Our balance sheet continues to remain strong and debt free. Consolidated cash and 
investments were $4.8 bn at the end of the quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $589 

7 
mn implying conversion of 79% of net profits. Free cash flow generation is typically low in 
Q2 due to higher tax payout in both India and the US. ROE increased by 1% year-on-year to 
30.8%.  
Yield on cash balances increased to 5.8% in Q2. DSO increased by 2 days sequentially to 65 
reflecting higher billing done during the quarter. 
Coming to segmental performance,  
We signed 27 large deals in Q2 with a TCV of $2.74 bn with 54% net new. 5 large deals in 
Financial Services, 4 each in Retail, Communication, Energy Utility Resources and Services 
and Hi-Tech segments, 3 in Manufacturing, 2 in Life Sciences and 1 in Others verticals. 
Region wise 18 in America, 6 in Europe, 1 in India and 2 in the Rest of the World. 
Growth in Financial Services segment continues to be strong backed by large deal wins, 
account expansion and new account opening. We continue to see acceleration in cloud 
adoption in the FS sector and are working with many of our clients in cloud migration, cloud 
management, and other cloud-related platform deals.  
In Retail we are seeing focus on digital consumer engagements, supply chain transformation 
initiatives; cost optimization, legacy modernization and new in-store capabilities. There are, 
however, some pockets of slowdown in different cycles especially for fashion/apparel retail 
and general merchandisers. We have a healthy mix of outsourcing and digital deals.  
In Communication segment we are seeing healthy order pipeline and deal conversion, but we 
expect cost pressures from client side with impact on budgets especially for traditional 
services due to macroeconomic concerns.  
Energy, Utility, Resources and Services segment reported robust and steady growth backed 
by strong large deal wins. The cost take out initiatives continue to take momentum in the 
vertical.  
Manufacturing segment growth continues to remain strong and broad based along with steady 
flow of new deals. We see continued tech spends by customers driven by the need to increase 

8 
security posture, migration to cloud, increase the productivity by transforming to smart 
factory, transitioning to smart products and other broader digital transformation initiatives.  
In smaller verticals like Hi-Tech as well we are seeing some increasing cautiousness amongst 
clients around discretionary spend and consequently, there have been some delays in deal 
closure.  
For digital services capabilities, in Q2 we have been ranked as leader in 19 ratings in the 
areas of public cloud, tax, design experience, automation, and data and analytics.  
We remain committed to maximizing our total shareholder returns and in line with the capital 
allocation policy of returning 85% of free cash over the period, the Board has recommended 
the following:  
- 
an interim dividend of `16.50 per share for FY2023 versus `15 per share for FY22; 
this is a 10% increase in dividend per share.  
- 
Buyback of equity shares of up to `9300 Crores through open market route post 
approval of shareholders at a maximum buyback price of `1,850.  
We believe our progressive capital allocation policy continues to provide predictability to our 
shareholders.  
Although there is a gradual abatement of talent cost pressures, they continue to exert 
pressures on the cost structures and hence will need to be countered by our various cost 
optimization measures including rationalization of subcons, flattening of the pyramid, 
increasing automation, reducing onsite mix and engage with clients to increase pricing.  
While H1 growth was strong we expect H2 growth to be impacted due to seasonality 
comprising of furloughs and lower working days. The revenue guidance for the year is 
changed to 15% to 16%.  
As we mentioned in the last quarter earnings call FY2023, operating margins would be at the 
bottom end of the guidance band. We are now narrowing the guidance range to 21% to 22% 
for FY2023 and we expect to be at the lower end of the range.  
With that we can open the call for questions. 

9 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We will take our first question from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you and good evening. The first question is for Salil, you mentioned the 
macroeconomic conditions, in that context could you elaborate how realistic or conservative 
your guidance is for the second half and also what has been the nature of the client 
conversations in the last month or so and have you seen any impact on the pipeline refill rate 
in this period? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Ankur. On the guidance, I think what we saw was very strong large deals in Q2. We 
had great growth in Q1 and Q2, we continue to see overall pipeline for large deals is quite 
strong, in fact, it is larger than it was in the last couple of quarters. We also see the macro 
points that I shared earlier, specifically mortgages in financial services, some aspects of retail 
or hi-tech or telecom. So, keeping all that in mind we came with a view on the guidance 
which was 14% to 16% earlier and now moving it to 15% to 16% which is the higher end of 
that band.  
The conversations with the clients we have seen for this quarter, our digital business has 
grown over 30% and our core services have also grown. We see in our pipeline a good focus 
on cost programs and on the growth programs. And, there are clients in different sectors at 
different intensity looking at both of those, so the conversation depends more on the context 
that the client is in. We feel that given these two engines that we have we are somewhat well 
prepared for the evolving macro environment. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you. Nilanjan clearly great to see the margins back in the band and the extent of 
margin recovery in the quarter. Could you elaborate if there were any special interventions 

10 
that were taken that drove this change in the quarter or perhaps with respect to wage increases 
or something else and if there is any one-offs within this? Thanks. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Ankur as we explained, I think our cost optimization engine continues to chug along well. I 
think working on the pyramid, working on subcons - this was something which was very 
apparent, you would have also seen the numbers QoQ. So I think it has been an overall 
continued focus across and we have seen that benefit helping us. But for the year, as we know 
we are still at 20.7% and we have a guidance of 21% to 22% and we said we will be at the 
bottom end of that range, so we still have ways to go. Of course, this is going to continue - 
the conversations on pricing, etc. with clients, like I mentioned in the earlier press conference 
that our discounts definitely have come down. We continue to push our sales force on how to 
go and approach clients on this. So, this is a long haul on pricing but at least the discussions 
have started around this. 
Ankur Rudra 
Just one clarification in your margin breakup that you have highlighted before- the impact of 
compensation increases seemed a bit light, is there any change in the compensation trajectory 
over the next two or three quarters or if you do not mind may be elaborating that part a bit 
more? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, there was nothing. This is largely for the Q1 that we had the biggest impact, Q2 was 
more for the mid senior level of folks so I do not think there is anything unusual in that. 
Ankur Rudra 
Appreciate it. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

11 
Moshe Katri 
Thanks for taking my question and a good quarter. So on your point of clients being cautious 
beyond longer sales cycles and delayed deal closures, are we also seeing project deferrals or 
project cancellations or are we not there yet, but obviously this would be us playing the 2008 
kind of slowdown playbook, so I just wanted to get some more color on that? 
Salil Parekh 
I could not hear properly but what I understood was, are there any project cancellations or 
other such things in the quarter, if that is the question, we did not see any project 
cancellations in the quarter. We saw some slowness in discretionary spend within the macro 
segments that I mentioned. For example, in Hi-Tech we saw that, we saw some in Telco, we 
had mentioned last quarter in mortgages within financial services and the parts of retail 
industry. That is how we saw it for this quarter. 
Moshe Katri 
How would you categorize the discretionary spend, is it predominantly cost takeout? 
Salil Parekh 
For that, the discretionary spend are more spends which support transformation programs - is 
the way we see it. For the cost programs those are different – more targeted or fixed spends. 
Moshe Katri 
Do you have any views about the budget cycle for next year, do you think we will see any 
slippage? i.e., rather than budgets being all set and ready sometime by January, maybe we see 
some sort of a slippage because of the macro? 
Salil Parekh 
So today, what we are seeing is within our large deals pipeline there is a large number of 
programs which are cost related and we see our own core services growing. What it shows us 
is there is an interest from clients on both - some elements of digital and now also on 

12 
elements of cost. On the budget cycle, this is the quarter in which we will start to get a sense 
for the calendar year budget, so it is not something that we have within a grasp from the 
previous quarter. In the next few months we will start to see that. 
Moshe Katri 
Just final point just a slight detail can we get the number in terms of subcontractor costs for 
the quarter as a percentage of revenues? 
Nilanjan Roy 
It is 10.1% now  
Moshe Katri 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Thanks for the opportunity. I had a question on what is happening in the manufacturing 
vertical in terms of margins because we had a $46 mn incremental revenue addition but our 
segmental profitability bumped up by almost $49 mn, so that seems to have helped our 
margin by almost 100 bps plus, so wanted to get some color on what exactly is happening 
there. And then a clarification on our cloud revenues you mentioned is now above $1 bn, so 
is it on a quarterly basis or on an annual basis? 
Nilanjan Roy 
For the manufacturing margins, I think the same question many of you had in the previous 
quarter, and we took heed of that advice and we have worked on making sure our 
manufacturing margins across deals and large deals improve. And yes we have plans on how 

13 
deals evolve over a period of time and that should give us comfort. This is what we have over 
the last four to five years of how we approach large deals and large deal margin 
improvements. And of course, the other cost optimization levers across the entire 
manufacturing which helped the other sectors as well. The second question I did not clearly 
get. 
Ashwin Mehta 
I want to get a sense in terms of the cloud revenues that you mentioned of $1 bn plus, is it for 
this quarter? 
Nilanjan Roy 
It is for this quarter $1 bn plus. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jamie Friedman from Susquehanna. Please 
go ahead. 
Jamie Friedman 
Again let me echo the congratulations on the robust results. I am sorry to come back to the 
macro Salil but in the instance that there were recession, is that contemplated in the 
guidance? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for your question. The way we look at it today is - the guidance is for our financial 
year which is two more quarters, we have kept in mind what we have done in Q1 and Q2 and 
a very strong large deals number that we had in Q2 with 54% net new. We have also kept in 
mind the seasonality which all of you know, for example in Q3 there will be some impact 

14 
with furloughs and typically Infosys has more seasonality in Q3 and Q4. And then we built in 
what we see today of the macro environment specifically those industry segments that I 
talked about where we see some of the slowing. Keeping all that in mind we built this 
guidance for the revenue growth given where we are, that is what we factored into the 
guidance update. 
Jamie Friedman 
In terms of the potential transition from transformational work to cost containment, you are 
obviously very well positioned for both, is there a gross profit or margin difference for the 
same quantum of work like dollar transformation versus a dollar or cost containment, how do 
we think about the margin implications from that transition? 
Salil Parekh 
As you pointed out, we see growths today in both of these engines which is a huge positive 
for Infosys, it is something where we are very differentiated from many of our peers. The 
margin profile is not so much differentiated on the type of work, there are different scenarios 
in the margin profile, for example, depending on the scale of the entire industry, the 
geography, in general we will see that at aggregate level, so aggregate cost program, 
aggregate transformation programs we will have similar margin outlook. So we do not 
consider today that pivot itself has any positive or negative impact on margin. However, as 
Nilanjan was pointing out we have a very strong internal cost program which he and the team 
has put in place and that will continue to give us benefit in either of the scenarios. 
Jamie Friedman 
Thank you so much. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Zack Ajzenman 

15 
Hi, this is Zack Ajzenman on behalf of Bryan. First question that we have is on the revenue 
per fulltime employee, looks like it is trended lower for multiple quarters now can you give 
us a sense of the dynamics here, what the expectation is going forward? 
Nilanjan Roy 
This is directly reflecting our utilization as well. So, like I mentioned in fact pricing has been 
actually stable to positive this quarter, but revenue per employee is across entire headcount of 
the company and we have put so many freshers in both in our training programs in Mysore 
and on the bench. So, this is just a mathematical number around revenue per employee, it is 
not indicating anything about pricing really. There is also cross-currency impact as well, as 
you can imagine because only 68% odd of our revenues are in dollars, 32% are on currency 
outside dollars and those have depreciated, so just as a pure metric it will also automatically 
come down. 
Zack Ajzenman  
Understood make sense and followup is more of a broader one on the macro, so more 
industries are seeing caution now we have heard Hi-Tech and Telecom this quarter in 
addition to what we heard in the prior quarter, are there any other specific areas that are 
expecting to get worse going forward based on line of sight here? 
Salil Parekh 
What we are seeing today is in the areas that you just mentioned and that reflects in some of 
the discretionary spend which is slowing. We also see that the large deals pipeline is at a very 
strong level, so we see somehow some balance in the cost programs also becoming a part of 
the large deals pipeline, but in terms of the macro we will see those areas as of today that we 
are watchful and making sure we have early signs if any other areas show this sort of a point 
in the future. 
Zack Ajzenman  
Thank you. 

16 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO. Please go 
ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask you about the sensitivity of your margins 
to revenue growth and more specifically what I want to see if you could address this, we look 
at over the horizon the calendar year 2023, if revenue growth were to slow to something like 
10%, just to pick a number, how sensitive is that growth rate to margins and specifically what 
I am asking, could you reduce the subcontractors and or just let attrition take your headcount 
lower such that you could maintain your 21% kind of operating margins or just any 
characterizations on how we should be thinking about the sensitivity of operating margins to 
the growth rate which I think you can tell by the question, a lot of industry is concerned, 
growth will continue to slow as we look a little bit longer term than your fiscal year? Thank 
you. 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think you have answered most of the questions. Reality is that we can predict our operating 
margin quite fast and fundamentally in the IT services business, the operating leverage 
element is quite small compared to other fixed cost businesses. So you can in terms of both 
the points like you mentioned, first the intake of laterals or intake of freshers, gradual 
attrition, the subcons, all these four literally by quarter and you can pivot on these to get cost 
structure in line. So, I do not think it is a big drag unlike high fixed cost industries, so in that 
sense in the past also we have seen it. A perfect example I would say, the COVID period 
wherein six months pretty much everybody in the industry when they were seeing negative 
growth had pivoted at least from the margin front, we did not degrow during that time, but 
nonetheless given the slower growth at that time we were able to pivot our entire cost model. 
Keith Bachman 

17 
I was not asking you to guide margins, I was just asking for the sensitivity, what you think 
about, you can manage your cost structure regardless of the revenue growth rate to sustain 
margins even if growth were to slow.  
Any comments more specifically on how we should be thinking about attrition, as you said 
you will move it lower, but should we thinking kind of point of quarter or how should we be 
thinking about attrition as we look at to the end of fiscal year and that is it from me. Thank 
you. 
Nilanjan Roy 
So I think like Salil has mentioned, we have three consecutive quarters of decline, 2.5% 
decline in this quarter itself and indicators improve going into Q3, because we have in a lot of 
geographies like 90-day notice period and that gives us a reasonable view of what is coming 
ahead and we continue to see that the figure of attrition going down. 
Keith Bachman 
Many thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aniket Pande from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Pande 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just have two questions. Salil, I wanted to understand the trend 
of your TCV number, I wanted to understand how the mix between cost optimization and 
transformation deal changed since last three quarters and has the deal tenure increased now as 
compared to before? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the question. First, on the large deal pipeline itself or are you asking on the TCV, 
we declared as large deals. 

18 
Aniket Pande 
The trend between the TCV actually. And how the mix has changed between cost 
optimization and transformation? 
Salil Parekh 
On the large deals itself, we have looked at it within our numbers, so that is not information 
that we have shared outside. What I can share with you is what we see in our pipeline today is 
a good focus on cost programs and we are also seeing because of the growth of core that I 
shared earlier that we have both sides growing, of course digital growing over 30% and we 
also see now the cost programs which is core also growing. 
Aniket Pande 
Thank you. Last question, if I turn to pricing, so just wondering what the tone and tenure of 
pricing conversion has been, how they have progressed since last two quarters and right now, 
how are you building that in? Thank you. 
Nilanjan Roy  
Like we said, it is horses for courses, it is client specific, it is whether there is a new deal, 
there is a renewal, is it FP deal, is it a T&M, is there a COLA clause, it is really complex. We 
have seen discount, which used to be a quite large in terms of pricing, in terms of renewal 
etc., that definitely has come down. There is a lot more focus on the clients, and the clients 
also appreciate that because they are seeing the same impact on their attrition etc.. Some we 
have seen in terms of COLA clauses, we have seen a larger implementation of that - being 
able to push as the COLA increases. In some cases, you have to show more value to the 
customers in terms of digital rate card - so what you have been able to offer to client in terms 
of transformation dollars. So like I said, it is varied across clients, but it is going to be a long 
haul, we never said it is going to easy and that continues. 
Aniket Pande 
Thank you. 

19 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go 
ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Good evening team and thank you for taking my question. My first question, Salil, can you 
help us understand on the deal win side, so we have seen quite a sharp acceleration in deal 
win especially in the new deal side, which has almost doubled both quarter-on-quarter and 
YoY basis. At the same time, we are talking about some caution coming in at some of the 
verticals and some of the clients taking more cautious stance. In that context, what is driving 
the sharp increase in our new deals wins, is it that these discussions of caution are still at the 
CXO level and we are yet to see the impact of that in the deal wins or these concerns are 
getting compensated by a higher focus on the cost side? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Rakesh. The deal wins I think represent the strength that we have on both sides of the 
capabilities - on digital and on core, automation. So what we have seen today is we have the 
ability to be appropriate for clients depending on what macro they are facing and as the 
overall macro evolves, we have both sides ready for that. There my sense is we have sort of 
differentiation from our peers with this approach. We have also put a little bit more emphasis 
within our pipeline to actively look at automation, cost deals with our clients, so that is 
driving it. Having said that, it is also to be kept in mind that large deals are deals which are 
over $50 million for us and we have always maintained that there is no sort of quarter-on-
quarter trend on this. It is more to look at for that quarter and that is also something to keep in 
mind. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Got it. Thanks for that. Second question was for Nilanjan, you have talked about margin band 
and margin coming closer to 21% and we have already been 21.5% in this quarter. So, that 
effectively implies we are not expecting sequential margin improvement meaningfully from 
here on and that is in the context when we are talking about supply side concerns have started 

20 
easing and our subcontractor cost is also coming down. So, where do these two points meet 
when the supply side issues are resolving, but we do not expect margin to expand from here 
on this year? 
Nilanjan Roy 
First, we are at 20.7% for H1 and the guidance is 21% to 22%. We are also going into Q3, Q4 
– seasonally weak quarters because of furloughs, lower working days and those straightaway 
dropdown to margins. Yes, we are seeing some of the benefits which we are getting from 
lower attrition figure, and all these basically play into the guidance which we have given for 
the year. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Got it. Thank you that answers my question. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta 
Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions first about moderation in revenue growth 
trajectory which you are implying from the revised guidance. So can you help us understand 
you eluded some of the segments which are likely to be softer but even after considering 
there seems to be some sizable moderation which is happening in next two quarters. So if you 
can provide some sense whether any specific industries where you are seeing more weakness 
or client specific situation. Second thing is about the deal intake. Now you indicated about 
cost efficiency program and cost take out programs showing uptick. Do you think it would 
lead to a higher deal TCV closures in next few quarters? And on mega deal - how the mega 
deal pipeline is picking up - if you can provide some progress or are clients deferring those 
decisions. Thanks. 
Salil Parekh 

21 
Hi, I did not follow all of your questions. The first one I think you are talking about the future 
Q3, Q4 growth in the segments. If that is the question, we do not give more color for future 
growth firstly by quarter or by segment. But overall, I go back to what we shared earlier that 
the macro environment has some areas which we are looking at with more caution. Our 
overall large deal pipeline is strong, and both sides of our engine, digital and core and 
automation are doing well. I did not follow the next point. 
Dipesh Mehta 
The second question was about the cost efficiency program or cost take out generally they are 
large in TCV because of tenure and overall volume efficiency which clients are generally 
expecting considering the mix is now tilting towards those programs compared to 
discretionary digital program, do you think deal TCV will be showing uptick which we have 
seen even in Q2 which will is seven quarter high kind of deal TCV.  
Salil Parekh 
So on the cost optimization we see good discussions of that with our clients, in some of the 
industries we see more of that, in others at a moderate level. So, that is where we are seeing a 
good traction which is also showing up in the growth of core services. Deal TCV again - in a 
quarter-by-quarter basis it can go up and down because these are deals over $50 million and 
these deals take some time to build up. As Nilanjan shared, it is 27 deals in Q2, but if I look 
on an annual cycle there is a good way of looking at large deals across years. So on a quarter-
on-quarter basis we do not have a like a simple way where we forecast it, it can go up and 
down there. 
Dipesh Mehta 
Let me rephrase the question. Do you think that size of the deal between digital and cost take 
out by nature cost take out it will be larger in size or you do not think any such thing. 
Salil Parekh 
The size of the deal sorry I did not follow that. No I do not think so because sometimes we 
have a very large digital transformation program of the client and sometime there could be 

22 
large modernization plus cost efficiency program, sometime there could be only cost 
efficiency program. So it is not like one is larger and one is smaller. 
Dipesh Mehta 
Understood thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Hi good evening, thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to ask on the client performance this 
quarter. So I think most of the revenues have come from the non top 25 and top 25 has been 
relatively soft. So just wanted your thoughts on, do you see that softness sort to continuing 
and do you think the remaining can sort of hold up, so that is the first question. The second 
one is I think over the past two years there were lot of smaller size deals that sort of was a 
reasonable mix overall and that sort of led to faster velocity and deal conversion, deal to 
revenue conversion. Do you think in the new sort of setup wherein it is more cost 
optimization the deal to revenue conversions should slow down or there is no such thought 
process there. Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
I will start with the second one. In general at a higher level there is no big correlation 
between the conversion of a deal to revenue. Sometimes there is an immediate large impact 
because there is early transformation, sometime there is rapid transition and other time it is 
more drawn out in the size, specifically large deals which is more than $50 million. So, there 
is no real link to conversion like that which is you can correlate to something.  
Nilanjan Roy 

23 
I think the question was about the 25 clients they declined from 36.3% to 35.3%. I do not 
think there is anything really impacted. But one thing to be kept in mind is there is a lot of 
cross currency applicable during this time, so there could be clients in certain geographies 
like Europe etc., who could be in the mix but nothing we have seen unusually in the top 25 
slowing down or anything like that. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Sure fair enough. Just one last quick one from my end how big is the capital market for us 
within the financial services piece because I thought that should normally be a cause for 
concern but I have not heard that in any of the calls so far so just wanted your thoughts on the 
same. 
Salil Parekh 
So we typically do not breakup the segment beyond what we have given in financial services. 
We have a very good business in capital markets across the board. The whole financial 
services has insurance, asset management and capital markets among other things. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
But is there any slowness that you are seeing within that piece - that was not a call out at all, 
so just curious. 
Salil Parekh 
So the ones we called out at this stage were related to what I shared earlier which was on 
mortgages in financial services, parts of retail, high-tech and Telco. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator 

24 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah 
Thanks for the opportunity. So the ask rate to achieve the guidance is 0 to 1.2% in the next 
two quarters which looks softer despite a strong deal wins, also we are talking about more 
cost optimization deal coming along with the digital deals. So, is it a client specific issue or is 
it higher than abnormal furloughs are we factoring or this is more a conservative way of 
looking at things because of the higher macro issue in the second half and I have a follow up 
which I will ask later. 
Salil Parekh 
So there first what we are seeing typically as you know the Q3 has furlough - we have not 
estimated anything higher or lower, we have essentially had a sort of a similar estimate to 
previous year. We typically have more seasonality for us in the past year in both Q3 and Q4 
so that is what we have estimated. And then for the macro what I shared earlier is the sort of 
color that we put as we were developing the guidance and then we factored in the large deal. 
So, there is no additional view to say whether it is conservative or not conservative, if those 
factors are taken into account to develop the guidance. 
Sandeep Shah 
The follow-up is the question to Nilanjan. So if I look at we are implying a EBIT margin 
guidance of 21.3% in the second half versus 21.5% in the second quarter, this is a QoQ 
decline versus Nilanjan your first quarter comment was into Q3, Q4 we may see a QoQ 
increase in the margins and the way we are in terms of the utilization as well as likelihood of 
lower subcontracting cost, likelihood of lower pass through cost is it fair to say again on 
margin we are conservative or there are some additional cost headwind which we should be 
aware about. 
Nilanjan Roy 

25 
No I do not think it is conservative. I think we are realistic in our margin projections. We see 
certain headwinds, we see some impact of furloughs, some of the attrition impact will come, 
some of that will be in sub-cons etc. With the seasonality of the volume, we do not have 
growth as a lever really in terms of operating leverage. So SG&A for instance is where we 
think we have some operating leverage. So, these are multiple things and that is all factored 
into the figure that we have given for our H2 and full year. 
Sandeep Shah 
Just last thing on the variable pay it looks like in the first quarter we might have paid 70%. 
How was the variable pay payment in the second quarter, is it a headwind or a tailwind on a 
QoQ basis. 
Salil Parekh 
So on variable pay we do not share that number externally as you know. We will come back 
with what we do from an internal basis when we disclose it internally. 
Sandeep Shah 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just had one clarification question related to the margin 
performance or the margin improvement this quarter when one looks at our cost schedule, 
you said subcontracting expenses are down by about 120 BPS while in your opening remarks 
you suggested that subcontracting expenses are down 40 BPS so just to understand if some of 
the large deals cost optimization being captured in the cost of taking subcontractors. 
Nilanjan Roy 

26 
Yes so I think that is the cost as a percentage of revenue, but the impact on margin is what is 
the premium you are paying to subcontractors vs. own employee so it is not a mathematical 
impact of subcontractor cost coming down from 11 to 10 - by that token if we say if we can 
bring down subcontractors to zero our margins can go up by 10%. So this is just the premium 
you are paying to the subcontractors which is impacting your margins. That is the 40 BPS. 
Manik Taneja 
One last question was with regards to the hiring that we have seen through the year we have 
already hit the full year hiring target in terms of the fresher intake how are we thinking about 
the fresher intake in the second half of the year given the fact that there have been some 
media reports of companies in the sector delay on fresher onboarding. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, so like I said we had 40000 in H1 and we will be above 50000. We will get back later on 
the numbers but we will go above the 50000. 
Manik Taneja 
Sure thanks and all the best for future. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Ravi Menon 
Thank you and congratulations for excellent performance this quarter especially considering 
that utilization has dropped. Can you talk a bit about how you see headroom for utilization 
and margin improvement as attrition has started to decline? 
Nilanjan Roy 

27 
Yes, sure so I think at 83.6% we are much lower than what historically we have been. The 
fresher which we have got in, we want to make sure that they are learning both at our training 
facility in Mysore plus on the bench. So we are very cognizant of not putting them into 
projects on day one and therefore we are ready to take a hit on the margins and utilization on 
account of this. We know this is long-term investment for us. We strongly believe the 
industry can only grow through fresher intake year-on-year and that is an investment we are 
ready to make and over a period of time. As the demand picks up and we are able to train 
them we can rotate them into project - so we are quite comfortable, and of course, we want to 
get this figure slowly inching back to the more comfortable 85% levels. 
Ravi Menon 
While you talked about concerns started to emerge in industry verticals like retail, high-tech, 
telecom and the mortgage subverticals, have we actually started seeing project cancellations 
or we are just seeing slower decision making for new programs. 
Salil Parekh 
So today where there are discretionary work we see slowness in that area. We will keep 
watch on anything else that starts to develop in those specific industry verticals. 
Ravi Menon 
So do we mean that there have been no cancellations yet? 
Salil Parekh 
So we do not see cancellations of programs, we see slowness in the discretionary part of the 
programs. 
Ravi Menon 
Okay, thank you so much best of luck. 
Moderator 

28 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question I now hand the conference back 
to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks everyone for joining us. Just a few comments from me to close out.  
In summary, first we really have both engines in our business digital and core growing which 
is very strong for us. Digital capabilities and Cobalt are resonating and core and automation 
we believe we have industry leading set of capabilities and that makes us ready for the 
evolving macro environment. We had large deals of $2.7 bn which we are delighted with and 
we have a very strong margin performance of 21.5%. So margin is clearly part of our focus 
and we have a strong internal cost program that will help us drive all of these things. Attrition 
is coming down so we see a huge impact of the initiatives that we put in place sometime ago. 
So overall we feel we have a good quarter and we are well position for the environment that 
is coming ahead in whichever scenario that evolves in that environment.  
Thank you all for joining and we will catch up in a quarter or so. 
Moderator 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Infosys Limited 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
