 
 
  
CSO & Corporate Ofﬁce:
6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, 
MIDC, Andheri (E) Mumbai-400 093. 
T: (022) 4000 3600 
F: (022) 3935 7699 
Regd Ofﬁce:
G-1, Ackruti Trade Centre, 
MIDC, Road No-7, Andheri (E), 
Mumbai - 400 093.  
T: (022) 6807 0100 
F: (022) 6807 0107 
E: support@angelone.in 
www.angelone.in 
Angel One Limited
(Formerly Known as Angel Broking Limited) 
CIN:  L67120MH1996PLC101709, 
SEBI Registration No Stock Broker: 
INZ000161534, CDSL: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS: 
INP000001546, Research Analyst: 
INH000000164, Investment Advisor: 
INA000008172, AMFI Regn. No. ARN–77404,  
PFRDA, Regn. No.-19092018. 
 
 
 
 
To, 
    Listing Department 
    National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Service  
BSE Limited 
    Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block,  
    Bandra Kurla Complex,  
    Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
    Symbol: ANGELONE 
Scrip Code: 543235  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Filing of the transcript of earnings call with analysts and investors under 
Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Further to our intimation on September 28, 2022, intimating of the earnings call with 
analysts and investors to be hosted by the Company on October 14, 2022, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the said earnings call for your reference and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call will be posted on the Company’s website at 
www.angelone.in. 
 
You are requested to take note of the same 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Angel One Limited 
(Formerly Known as Angel Broking Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Naheed Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership no. A22506 
 
Date: October 18, 2022 
Place: Mumbai 
 
NAHEED 
REHAN 
PATEL
Digitally signed 
by NAHEED 
REHAN PATEL 
Date: 2022.10.18 
10:39:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Angel One Limited 
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
                                                              
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Dinesh Thakkar 
 
 
Chairman & 
Managing Director 
Narayan 
Gangadhar 
 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Vineet Agrawal 
 
 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
Dinesh 
Radhakrishnan 
 
Chief Product & 
Technology Officer 
Jyotiswarup 
Raiturkar 
 
Chief Technology 
Officer 
Ankit Rastogi 
 
 
Chief Product 
Officer 
Prabhakar 
Tiwari 
 
Chief Growth 
Officer 
Ketan Shah 
 
 
Chief Strategy 
Officer 
Dr. Pravin Bathe 
 
 
Chief Legal & 
Compliance Officer 
Subhash Menon 
 
 
Chief Human 
Resources Officer 
Bhavin Parekh 
 
Head of 
Operations, Risk & 
Surveillance 
Devender 
Kumar 
 
Head of Online 
Revenues 
Hitul Gutka 
 
 
Head of Investor 
Relations 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included / 
omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with 
the company by the reader. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Angel One Limited's 
Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the 
beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitul Gutka. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
 
Hitul Gutka: 
Good morning, and welcome, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss Angel One's Q2 FY'23 financial and business performance. The 
recording of today's earnings call and transcript will be uploaded on our 
website under the Investor Relations section. The financial results, investor 
presentation and press release are also available on the website. 
 
For today's call, Angel is represented by its leadership team. We have with 
us today Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman and Managing Director; Narayan 
Gangadhar, CEO; Vineet Agrawal, CFO; Dinesh Radhakrishnan, Chief 
Product and Technology Officer; Jyotiswarup, Chief Technology Officer; 
Ankit Rastogi, Chief Product Officer; Prabhakar Tiwari, Chief Growth Officer; 
Ketan Shah, Chief Strategy Officer; Dr. Pravin Bathe, Chief Legal and 
Compliance Officer; Subhash Menon, Chief Human Resources Officer; 
Bhavin Parekh, Head of Operations Risk and Surveillance; Devender Kumar, 
Head of Online Revenue; and SGA our IR Consultants. 
 
The leadership team will give us a brief overview of the operational and the 
financial performance of the quarter gone by, followed by a Q&A session. As 
a reminder, I would like to inform you that the company does not provide any 
operational and financial guidance. There may be certain forward-looking 
statements during the call, which must be viewed in aggregate with the risks 
that the company faces. With this brief introduction, I now invite Narayan 
Gangadhar for his opening remarks. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Thank you, Hitul, and good morning, everyone. Q2 FY'23 has been a strong 
quarter for Indian capital markets, with indices returning 8% and 16% for 
NIFTY and NIFTY Midcap, respectively, supported by healthy volumes in 
cash, F&O and commodity segments. This is contrary to negative returns of 
4% to 21% delivered by some of the developed and developing markets. 
Global investment climate has been dampened by rising interest rates, rising 
inflation, geopolitical tensions, the risk of recession, et cetera. During this 
period, India too, raised interest rates to rope in inflation, which has been 
higher than the comfort zone of RBI. This may moderate growth prospects of 
the country. 
 
However, the silver lining is that India added another 6 million-plus demat 
accounts during the quarter, thus expanding its demat base to approximately 
103 million as of September 2022. We strongly believe we have a strong, 
long runway ahead of us. This stems from the fact that India's demographic 
dividend is largely underrepresented by the current investor base. With 
nearly 435 million unique PAN card holders as of March 2019, there is 
enough growth opportunity available. 
 
While the headline demat account is about 103 million in terms of unique 
accounts, this may be significantly lower as many investors have multiple 
demat accounts. Thus indicating a robust growth opportunity for the industry 
as we progress towards achieving penetration levels, akin to other 
developing or developed markets. 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Diversification of assets is another growth driver for us, and this, coupled 
with rising wallet share across financial products. The country is already 
witnessing a fall in the share of physical assets as the current generation 
better understands the virtues of investing in financial assets. With an 
average age of just over 28, India has the youngest population across the 
world. As this cohort grows in their working career, they will prime to become 
future wealth holders with a larger deployment in financial assets. We at 
Angel are clearly building products and are fine-tuning our acumen to service 
this category of population, especially from Tier 2, 3 and beyond cities of 
India. 
 
Since most of these clients will be first timers, there's a greater responsibility 
on regulators. Over the last year or so, the regulators have played a 
phenomenal role in creating a conducive environment for investors and 
reducing their risk of investing in the capital markets. We sincerely 
appreciate their efforts to increase retail participation in equity and the overall 
financial markets. Such insulated environment encourages more investors to 
participate in India's growth story and players like us are using technology to 
empower these investors to better leverage this opportunity. 
 
Our digitally enhanced products enables us to steer ahead of our peers. This 
is evident from our robust operating performance we have been reporting 
month-on-month amidst volatility in the market. Our endeavor to bring capital 
markets to large parts of the society is playing out well as we continue to 
onboard over 1 million clients per quarter, for 6 consecutive quarters now, 
with more than 93% coming from Tier 2, 3 and beyond cities. We garnered 
about 19% share in incremental demat accounts opened in India during Q2 
FY'23, thus representing almost 1 out of every 5 clients onboarded. 
 
Rising share in incremental accounts led to a steady expansion in the overall 
demat market share to 11.3% as of September 2022, from 7.5%, 6 quarters 
back. This demonstrates the superiority of our digital marketing strategies. 
 
The robustness of our business model is depicted from the rising turnover 
market share, which now stands at over 21%. Our clients transacted average 
of more than INR12 trillion daily through 230 million cumulative orders in Q2 
of FY'23, which makes this our best quarter ever. 
 
September '22 was our best month in terms of average daily orders and 
turnover. Our emphasis on deploying advanced analytical capabilities based 
on data science, machine learning and AI across acquisition, onboarding, 
engagement, communication, et cetera, has aided us to consistently grow 
despite tough market conditions. 
 
Last few quarters have been challenging for the industry due to market 
volatility. In this background, new-to-market investors have taken some time 
to start their investing journey. And this is reflected from the approximately 
300 bps quarter-on-quarter contraction in active client ratio for the industry to 
36.4%. 
 
At Angel too, we have seen our active ratio declined by approximately 250 
bps quarter-on-quarter. However, what is heartening and a testimony to our 
client acquisition strategy is that despite this decline in active ratios, we 
clocked our highest-ever ADTO and the number of orders in Q2 FY'23. 
 
To further extend and benefit from the maturing ecosystem, we rolled out the 
first phase of our Super-App on iOS, which is Apple, and the web platform to 
a limited set of clients, which was progressively offered to the entire iOS 
population. 
 
We have become one of the first listed fintech companies at our scale in the 
country to successfully demonstrate such a large migration to a new app 
without operating two parallel versions of the app. With the new application, 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
we have a far better capability to iterate quickly, and we have demonstrated 
a industry high SLA, service level agreement, of 99.995%. Over the last 2 
months, we constituted a customer council to proactively assess clients' 
experience and receive feedback from our clients. We are now better 
positioned than ever to close the loop faster and course correct wherever 
required. 
 
There are still some upgrades planned, which will be integrated and rolled 
out during this current quarter. With the changes incorporated on iOS, we 
experienced constant decline in client complaints and we experienced a 
corresponding increase in Net Promoter Score, NPS, for our journeys by 
over 40%. This was an important learning for us as we replicated the critical 
responses on to our Android version as well, and we are now ready to initiate 
the Android rollout during the quarter. 
 
During the quarter, we focused on scaling up our organic traffic and 
revamped our website with this purpose in mind. The optimized site led to 
11% increase in page load speed on mobile. We also got rid of technical 
debt built over years of extended workflows and layers of cache, which 
calcinated our portfolio feature and made it sluggish. Hence, it was 
imperative for us to rewrite the entire code, which now makes the feature 
nearly 7x more efficient. 
 
Customer requested updates are now faster and easier due to fewer touch 
points. We deployed fully managed cloud solutions for improved traceability, 
reliability and monitoring of our services, which further improved our 
troubleshooting process. We have also scaled up efficiency on charts as well 
as integrated the upgraded version of trading view library and resolved 
issues that led to slowness, et cetera. We continued to ruggedize the core 
trading services, thus building improvements for better reliability, monitoring 
and alerting and automated deployment of services. 
 
A new data center was commissioned as a replacement to our vintage data 
center. This one has better hardware and networking capabilities. We 
recently concluded mock testing and validation of the same. I'm very happy 
to share that the Board of Directors have approved distribution of 35% of the 
quarter's consolidated post-tax profits as the second interim dividend to 
shareholders. 
 
With this, I now request Vineet Agrawal, our CFO, to brief you on the 
financial performance of our company. Thank you very much. Over to you, 
Vineet. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you, Narayan. Good morning, everyone. It is heartening to see that 
despite the tumultuous phase in capital markets globally, India continued its 
resilient performance, and we reported healthy operating and financial 
performance quarter-on-quarter. Q2 of FY'23, continued this trend as we 
report our best quarterly performance across all key parameters. 
 
Our gross revenues grew by 9% sequentially to a historic best of Rs 7.5 
billion. Gross booking income continues to remain the mainstay revenue 
driver at Rs 5.2 billion contributing 70% to our gross revenues. Interest 
income, which includes interest on our client funding book and interest 
earned from deposits with exchanges remained stable at Rs 1.2 billion 
contributing about 17% to our gross revenues. Higher volumes on our 
platform led to approximately 20% sequential increase in our ancillary 
transaction income to Rs 651 million, accounting for about 9% of our gross 
revenues. Depository income contributed 4% to our gross revenues at Rs 
270 million. Income from distribution of third-party products declined 
sequentially due to muted IPO environment and accounted for 1% of our 
gross revenues. 
 
For Q2 FY'23, gross broking revenues further split as follows, share of F&O 
segment increased to 82%, while contribution of cash segment came down 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
marginally to 13%. Share of commodity and currency segments remained flat 
at 4% and 1%, respectively. The average revenue per client, which is 
calculated on the entire client base at the end of the quarter stood at Rs 430 
for the quarter. This trended lower, primarily due to a higher share of the 
new-to-market clients, which were 88% of our gross acquisitions for the 
quarter. Basis our experience, these clients initially are low revenue 
accretive, but stabilized in prime time. Despite this, we have been able to 
maintain our growth and profitability metrics. 
 
On a cohort basis, we have seen revenue per client mature as they progress 
into year 2 and onwards of the wealth creation journey. In contrast to our pre 
digital model, where year 2 revenue per client were significantly lower than 
year 1, the same is now more stable. Since we acquired clients at a robust 
pace over the last 2 years, their share in the net broking revenue continued 
to dominate at 69% in quarter 2 FY'23. Here, I wish to draw your attention to 
the fact that now some of the older clients are moving to the next aging 
bucket of 2 to 5 years. As a result, we are witnessing an increase in our net 
broking revenue from this cohort thus indicating longevity of clients and their 
corresponding activity levels. 
 
Our net broking revenue under the flat fee plan continued to witness very 
strong momentum contributing to a significant 85% of our overall net broking 
revenue. Share of total net income from our flat fee clients to the 
consolidated total net income grew 1.5x to 85% in Q2 FY'23 from 58% in Q2 
of FY'21. Since Q2 FY'23 has full quarter impact of the grants issued in Q1, 
ESOP cost appears higher on a sequential basis. This will normalize going 
forward as the older grants complete their tenure and corresponding cost will 
not be reflected. 
 
Upfront margin penalty was earlier passed on to the clients. However, basis 
clarifications received from the regulator, we have now reversed the same 
and provided the entire amount of Rs 166 million pertaining to the period 
from October 2021 to September 2022 in current quarter. This amount forms 
part of our other expenses. As discussed in the previous earnings call, we 
witnessed some softening of costs towards acquiring clients in Q2 of FY'23. 
This is likely to normalize further as we progress into future quarters. 
 
Our payback metrics continue to remain efficient with breakeven being 
achieved within 2 quarters. Our Q2 FY'23 operating margin came at 52.4%. 
Accordingly, we achieved our lifetime best quarterly profit of over Rs 2.1 
billion. Our consolidated earnings per share stood at Rs 25.6 per equity 
share on a quarterly basis. 
 
On the balance sheet side, cash and cash equivalent increased to nearly Rs 
53 billion. Our other financial assets increased to Rs 19.4 billion. This 
increase is largely due to the cash collateral parked with the clearing 
corporations as a run-up to the quarterly running account settlement in early 
October 2022. 
 
The period ending client funding book was at Rs 16.7 billion. Our borrowings 
increased to Rs 30 billion at the end of the quarter. A large part of this 
incremental borrowing is temporary in nature, which has already been repaid 
as we speak. The borrowings were utilized to partly fund our client funding 
book, place margins with the exchanges to fulfill the incremental margin and 
allocation requirements, partly to temporarily fund the running account 
settlement obligations. 
 
Our continued investments in development of the Super-App and 
augmentation of our IT infra, that is data center in DR site, led to an increase 
in our fixed assets by Rs 540 million to Rs 2.2 billion as of September 2022. 
Our net worth increased to over Rs 18.9 million as of September 2022, with 
our book value per share at Rs 226.5. Our annualized average return on 
equity stood at 45.5%. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
With this, I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further 
discussion. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
The first question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. Just a few questions from my side. 
Firstly, Narayan, could you talk about customer acquisition and the way you 
are thinking about spending on customer acquisition and what channels that 
you'll use in this new environment that they are coming in. So firstly, could 
you talk on that front, as to how do you see this shaping up going ahead? 
 
Secondly, we want a deeper explanation on the increase in the financial 
assets and borrowings from Vineet, if you can give some more clarity as to 
what happened? And Vineet it will be great if you could extend that context 
and help us understand as to really how the things shaped up when the 
payout on the first Friday, the previous week happened. So that would be 
great if you could explain that? And yes, so that would be the questions that I 
have right now. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Great. Thank you Prayesh. So you've asked 3 different questions. So let's go 
one by one. So see, our acquisition strategy, right. Our acquisition strategy 
has not really changed from the past few quarters. We believe that this is a 
market that is currently in expansion phase. We believe there's a lot of new 
entrants coming into the market, and we want to tap them when they are 
young. We want to tap them when they are young and we want to curate 
them. 
 
So very specifically, by young, I mean, people who are under the age of 25, 
who are in their first jobs and who are just getting started with their journeys. 
This cohort is going to continue to mature over time. And as you see in our 
financial results already, because the cohorts are matured, our revenue 
streams and our businesses have stayed pretty robust because as these 
client groups continue to get better understanding of the markets, better 
understand the financial ecosystem, better understand the products involved, 
they tend to trade more. And also, they tend to look at the wealth 
management in a whole holistic portfolio. So our game plan for acquisition 
has really not changed. We are focused on acquiring these customers. 
 
Secondly, as far as how we continue to curate these customers, our strategy 
has always been, we believe that there is going to be a need for introducing 
a portfolio of products, which is why we are investing very heavily in our 
Super-App, and as the Super-App gets launched, we are going to be 
introducing multiple journeys in the future so that this same cohort that we 
acquired today can continue to nurture and expand their own investment 
horizons over a longer period of time. 
 
Now you asked another question about borrowing, which I'm going to defer 
to Vineet. He can give you some more data there. But let me just answer one 
of your final questions, which is around payout. So payout, as you guys 
know, it has been a major event, it was a much anticipated event for the 
whole industry. But I'm extremely happy to report that we have performed 
exceptionally well on this front, and we have had pretty much zero to no 
business loss at all. In fact, if anything, our business numbers have improved 
post this payout event because we used this opportunity to reinforce our 
technology strength and actually come up with better experiences to allow 
clients to refurbish the platform with capital and things like that. So I will 
leave this now to Vineet, who can touch on the borrowing cost and others. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, Narayan before Vineet gets in, could you give certain example as to 
really what have transpired on that side? And so whether you were able to 
get the money from the client on the same day or whether you've got the 
money by over the weekend because this leads to a loss in float income, 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
right, for you guys to a certain extent. So could you give some example what 
really transpired in this 2 days? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Sure. So see, the payout happened on the 7th, as you guys already know, 
right? And we basically swung into action pretty much that same weekend. 
We hardened our processes. We hardened our product experiences around 
the pay-in factor. And because of this hardening and the investment that we 
made upfront, we saw that we had recovered almost 80% of the capital 
within the first 3 or 4 business days. So as a result of that, right on the very 
first day, that is the very first day after the payout, we actually didn't see any 
loss in our order volume. Of course, we don't share those numbers, but we 
didn't see pretty much any loss. On the contrary, within 2 days, the order 
volumes were up, right? 
 
So this essentially is a testament to not only our technology prowess in 
handling this transition fully, because I'm sure you're aware that there were 
many other institutions with actually this process of payout, pay-in with 
downtimes and things like that. But fortunately, we were well prepared, we 
have approached this very scientifically and accordingly much ahead of time, 
and we run a lot of aggressive campaigning also from a product strategy 
perspective, which really helped us communicate to the client in terms of 
methods in which we can have zero lost productivity as we continue to trade. 
So this is really how the whole thing materialized. Now over to Vineet, who 
can address the questions on borrowing. Vineet, over to you. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. Thank you. So I've already explained in the speech that the incremental 
borrowings that we see at the period-end balance sheet were largely 
temporary in nature, and these were primarily to use the proceeds to fund 
the incremental client funding book, the margins that we placed with the 
exchanges towards segregation as well as allocation requirements and of 
course, some was used towards the fulfillment of the client payout in the first 
week of October. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
 
 
What was the other financial assets jump? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So this money that we borrowed and the FDs that matured over a period of 
time, we just parked them as cash with the clearing corporations in 
anticipation of the payout. So most of the FDs were maturing towards the 
end of the quarter or early in October. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
 
 
Okay. I will take this offline. 
 
Vineet Agrawal:  
 
Sure. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Uday Pai from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Uday Pai:  
Yes, I wanted to know the impact of the regulation of margin requirement at 
the client level and not at a company level. What would be the impact of this 
on the business? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
So see, as far as the regulation change is concerned, I'm assuming you're 
still talking about the payout, correct? 
 
Uday Pai: 
 
 
No, no. Margin requirement at the client level. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
You're talking about the margin side. So essentially, at a client level, there is 
no perceived impact per se, largely because it's a better workflow and a 
better orientation of client funds to help and protect their ability to trade 
subsequently. So from that perspective, the upfront margin, which now we 
have to pass it back to the client, right, it's anyway something that the 
regulatory changes which have happened have already been factored. We 
have already built those features in our products and our back-office 
systems. 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
So ultimately, all this has actually done is, it has introduced a much greater 
level of transparency around how the costs are managed, both from the 
regulator, from a broking standpoint and also it helps the client manage their 
costs very well. So if anything, I think this is a great catalyst to help more 
people come to the market. So with this, I will just hand this over to Bhavin 
he's our head of operations. So he can add some more perspective here. 
 
Bhavin Parekh: 
Thank you, Narayan. Good morning, everyone. See, pertaining to the 
allocation circular, where anyways, segregation and allocation circular that 
you are referring to, this came into existence in this quarter itself, and we are 
well ahead of that particular thing. See, anyways, whatever customer assets 
that we get as funds or securities, it's parked at the exchange. Anyways, 
pledge of securities went live almost a year back. So that was actually 
allocated to that particular customer who is pledging the securities. The fund 
allocation went in this quarter, and there is no impact on the business as 
such because we used to follow the same work flow earlier also. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Just to add what Bhavin said, this is Vineet. So we've been able to place 
enough and more bank guarantees with the clearing corporations to take 
care of the incremental working capital requirement for margin segregation. 
And in fact, we've not seen any decline in the business. In fact, this can 
actually be an opportunity for us to actually grow our business with some 
tweaks. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
And just to add to that, just to close this out. I think we are going to see more 
push from the regulators, which is actually great for the rest of the industry. 
Because what they are trying to minimize is the amount of client float, which 
is either unutilized or not clearly utilized at either their end or with the 
brokers. So I believe this is actually a great move on behalf for the rest of the 
industry. And as Vineet said, this will open doors for better innovation on the 
product side. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pujan Shah from Congruence Advisers. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Pujan Shah: 
Sir, my first question would be, our quarterly average revenue per client has 
been mostly Rs 430 and it has been declining for at least from last 6 quarters 
or so. So can you just quantify on that part, it would be great? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
I don't understand the question. So what do you want me to quantify?  
 
Pujan Shah: 
Yes. So from Q2 '21, if we check the quarter, we were earning an average 
revenue of Rs 714. And now we are earning average revenue of Rs 430. 
What is actually the declining, like what's your view on this actually? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
See I think this is happening because our industry is maturing. There are 
more and more people coming to the market. And if you look at our business, 
let's say, 5 years back, the participants were only few and far in between. 
Most people would not even enter into equity markets about 5 years ago. It 
was still considered a niche product. Today, what has happened is the 
commodity appeal of equity investing has significantly broadened and as 
Dinesh Bhai always says, he's our founder, right? So he always makes this 
point that this is poised to expand over the coming decade. 
 
Now as this expansion happens, as new entrants come to the market, I think 
it's very natural to see 2 things go down. One is obviously the average 
revenue because the ticket size and everything will go down and adjust itself 
to the average mean of the people we acquired. And second is so will our 
operating costs because ultimately, we are now starting to offer this product 
at almost planet-scale. So because of this, what's going to happen is as a 
business as a whole, I do think that at some point, this trend will materialize, 
it will normalize at some point, but that point is not today. So it will normalize 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
maybe in a few years when things have just started to plateau out a little bit, 
like I think the customer acquisition has started to plateau out a little bit. 
 
But at the same time, if you look at the way we are approaching the 
business, we want to run the business at a healthy operating margin 
between 45% and 50%, that's our stated objective. And to that end, we look 
at our goal is to expand this market and continue to penetrate, 
underpenetrated segments and drive broader retail participation. So if I were 
to give you a full 360 view on it, yes, I think this trend is here to stay. But at 
the same time, I think with greater volumes coming in, I think the robustness 
of the business will only continue to get better and better and better with 
time. 
 
Pujan Shah: 
My second question would be on employee stock options. Can you just 
quantify how much expense will be there for FY'24 and '25? 
 
Vineet Agrawal:  
 
You were asking how much expenses would be there for FY'24. 
 
Pujan Shah: 
 
 
Yes. And half of FY'23. So you can quantify for FY'23, FY'24, if you can? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
With the current grants that have been already done with, the estimated cost 
for FY'24 for the incremental grants would be about Rs 47 crore. And for 
FY'23, it should be in the range of about Rs 25 crore, Rs 30 crore. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Dixit from Morgan Stanley India 
Company Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Dixit: 
Many congratulations, first of all, on an amazing set of numbers. I actually 
just have one question. As you continue to acquire new customers in Tier 2, 
Tier 3 cities, from a top of the funnel perspective, what are you really seeing 
in terms of behavior? Is that acquisition really happening from a digital sort of 
stand purely? Is it a mix of 2 through your sub-broker networks? Or is it 
predominantly physical initially, and then moving them on to digital? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
So the entire acquisition is digital. There is nothing physical at all. What we 
are seeing in Tier 2, Tier 3, is the penetration from a digital standpoint is 
extremely robust. What we are also seeing is that as these clients onboard, 
their engagement with the product is also very significant because in these 
underdeveloped markets, right, under penetrated markets, what we are 
seeing is that there is a lot of appetite to understand the product, to 
understand what are the options available, to understand what kind of 
financial tools are available at their disposal. 
 
So this is a very ripe customer base for us to harvest. So from our 
perspective, obviously, in terms of terminal value, we really don't see much 
difference between Tier 2, Tier 3 or Tier 1, and that's testament to our strong 
economic growth the country itself is seeing across. And this is a cornerstone 
of our strategy because we want to continue building our presence and our 
brand in Tier 2 and Tier 3 and eventually even Tier 4, 5 and 6 markets. We 
are already strong there, but we need to make it even more stronger. 
 
Aditya Dixit: 
Have you, again, think about your customer split irrespective of which tier. 
Do you see more customers coming in from the salaried segments or more 
coming into the self-employed segments? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
I don't know, interesting question. I don't think we have any greater insights 
than what's available in the market. So I won't be able to tell you what's the 
actual split in terms of salaried versus non-salaried. We generally look at 
only a macro level view from the KYC. So yes, there is some KYC data, but 
I'm not sure if it is truly representative. But if I were to gauge just based on 
what we are seeing in the KYC, I would say, majority of them would be 
employed. And there will be a small percent, maybe 5%, 10% whatever, who 
are in the self-employed bucket. So this is what we see so far. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Deepak Sonawane: 
I have 2 questions mainly related to our cost of acquisition. So can you give 
us a breakup, I mean, your advertisement and business promotion expense 
that has been sitting in other expenses. So can we have the absolute 
number for your marketing cost for the quarter? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Deepak, we don't share those numbers largely. I'm sure you want to 
appreciate that's very sensitive data. Clearly, it's a competitive moat that we 
don't want to share, right. Now that said, just to give you a broader sense of 
our cost of acquisition, the core metric that we are after at the top line is we 
want to make sure that we run the business always between 45% and 50% 
OPM. So no matter what the operating costs, no matter what the overall 
situation, our goal will be always to grow the top line and maintain this 
operating margin going forward. 
 
So as far as the financial envelope of computation is concerned, this is the 
macro level number. Similarly, our turnaround, when we say, are time to 
recoup, right, it's still breakeven, it's still at around 2 quarters, and we have 
not really changed that or moved back significantly. So within these 
parameters, our company operates the whole business. And this across what 
I can tell you is this metric is true across most of the channels that we pursue 
for acquisition, okay. So that's how we look at our entire business plan and 
our entire holistic acquisition strategy. 
 
Deepak Sonawane: 
Okay. Fair, sir. Sir, my second question is towards Vineet sir. How do we 
account our marketing costs? I mean do we defer it over the year, I mean, 
book it on a quarterly basis or is it on a monthly basis? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
The entire customer acquisition cost is expensed out in the month in which 
the customer is acquired. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prachi Kodikal from Bay Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
 
Prachi Kodikal: 
So my first question is regarding this chart you have on Slide 10 of the 
presentation. So here you're saying that the share of top 5 digital brokers in 
incremental NSE clients this quarter has drastically reduced. So it's been in 
the 70s and this quarter it has almost come down to 40%. What is the reason 
for that? This drastic drop that has happened? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. See, there's a couple of things, right. First is what has happened overall 
is that the current market conditions are still recovering. It's not fully, fully 
recovered just yet, right. And already, the country has seen its fourth interest 
rate hike within this year alone. The repo rate today at the RBI level is 5.9%. 
And any time there is a 40 bps to 50 bps hike in the central bank interest 
rates, naturally, there is going to be a muted participation in the market 
because cost of capital becomes more and more expensive and things like 
that. 
 
So for this reason, there is also another factor at play here is that every 
central bank, if you look at what the Central Bank of U.K. is going through, if 
you look at what the Central Bank of China, just for example, are going 
through, right, almost in every case, there is a macro theme which is being 
developed. And become of this, what has happened is overall participation is 
a little bit subdued than it normally was. I think apart from this, we don't see 
any other extraneous conditions that can explain why the situation is what it 
is. 
 
Prachi Kodikal: 
But my question was directed more towards the share of digital brokers 
going down so drastically and that of traditional brokers going up. So I mean, 
the data in Q2 of '21 and this is the first time we've seen this trend in almost 
2 years, that is. 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So as I was explaining, right, a couple of things. Because for many of 
the other digital brokers that are continuing to play in the market, right, their 
acquisition strategies and their strengths are directly correlated to the 
strength of the overall investment climate. And many of these digital brokers, 
they are also VC-backed. Unlike us, we are publicly traded and we operate 
with full fiscal transparency and such. In many cases, the numbers have 
gone down because the VCs have started putting less money into the 
ecosystem. 
 
So yes, this trend is also a combination of what's playing out in the venture 
world, which you are seeing today in the top 5 digital brokers. And as you 
can see, out of the top 5, almost there's no bank-based broker in there. It's 
basically all new age brokers, right, and out of the top 5, 3 of them are the 
VC funding. So as the venture climate has dried out, which is what I was 
explaining earlier, because of rising interest rates and such, the climate is not 
right, is not perceived as right for further investment, at least from the top 5. 
But from our perspective, our game plan and our acquisition play and our 
strategy hasn't changed. If anything, we continue to increase our investment 
and our participation to drive this number overall. 
 
Prachi Kodikal: 
Got it. Also, my second question is if you could just help me bridge the gap. 
So when I look at your average daily turnover, that has been increasing 
steadily. But on the other hand, ARPU has been falling on a quarterly basis. 
So just 2 numbers. How should we think about it increasing average daily 
turnover and reducing ARPU? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
See, increasing ADTO is very clear that our existing customers are 
participating and they are participating heavily in the market. And they are 
participating heavily in the sense that they're participating at an expected rate 
of cliff, which we normally always see in the previous quarters, right? So that 
part is going well. Now at the same time, the ARPU, as we explained, the 
ARPU decline can be attributed to the fact that as this business becomes a 
more commodity business, we're going to start seeing the net ARPU 
obviously go and normalize to a certain level, right? 
 
And as we see that, what we are seeing, though, is the overall unit 
economics of the business are still very strong, which is what I was 
explaining earlier, is that with the fall in ARPU, with the growing customer 
base, with more cohorts getting matured, our terminal value for the business 
is only going to continue to get stronger and stronger. In many ways, this 
business is becoming more like a commodity stock. And this is where we are 
in the very early days of that. So if you look at the trajectory over the next 5 
years, you are essentially seeing the makings of a rapid fire commodity 
business, which is going to grow very substantially, and it's in a serious 
acceleration phase at this point in the industry. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
If I can just add, the average revenue per client, as we disclosed, is on the 
entire base at the end of the quarter. So while we are adding clients month-
on-month, the calculation is done for the entire base at the end of the 
quarter. And if you see that the ARPU will show a slightly lower trend 
because those clients who are coming in, let's say, in the last few days or a 
couple of weeks may not be immediately trading. That's one. On the turnover 
side, the turnover is increasing because the number of orders and the activity 
levels have increased for those who are trading. 
 
Prachi Kodikal: 
Correct. Correct. So that's what I was trying to get at. So if the activity level is 
increasing, shouldn't that translate to higher ARPU is all I was trying to ask. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So yes, so actually, the number of orders have increased. If you see, the 
orders quarter-on-quarter have grown considerably. So that shows that the 
activity levels have increased. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Prachi Kodikal: 
But does that also mean concentration is increasing, so the top trading 
clients are trading more. Is that a fair comment to make? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Whatever is the industry trend that's continuing. I mean it's not like we have a 
significantly lower number of clients trading a larger volume. Whatever is the 
industry trend that continues for us as well. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
And to just add to that, right? What we are also seeing is that as I said, our 
latent base, latent base is customers who are residually in the system who 
have been there for a long time, and their engagement is obviously 
continuing to get stronger and stronger, which is what explains, which is how 
the numbers can be rationalized and explained, right? Because you are 
acquiring new guys. Let's say, 80% or 90% of your customers are new. They 
are obviously not contributing a significant portion of the revenue. But the 
folks that we have acquired in the past, who we have curated and they 
continue to remain in the system and their engagement actually goes up, 
which is why you're seeing their order volumes at 230 million orders, right, so 
that explains the macro trend. And this is what I was explaining earlier that I 
expect the ARPU to normalize. It's going to normalize at some point. And 
that some point, I don't think anybody in the industry can predict when it is, 
right? Because we are still in rapid growth mode. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
In fact, one more important thing is to decouple the way we look at the 
turnover and then compare it with the ARPU because ARPU is now largely 
driven by flat fee plan, which is driven by the number of orders placed on our 
platform, executed on our platform. So it's very important to see how the 
number of orders is growing. The turnover in some ways could be misleading 
because if there is an F&O trade happening, then the turnover constitutes 
the contract value. So it's always good to check the number of orders to get a 
better sense. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gautam Jain from GCJ Financial 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Gautam C Jain: 
I was just looking at your balance sheet. I couldn't understand it properly. So 
you said sometime back, what is lying in other asset Rs 1,939 crore? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Rs 1,939 crore. So a large part of it, almost all of it is the cash that we place 
with the exchanges, in form of margins. 
 
Gautam C Jain: 
Okay. And you report cash and cash equivalent, that is cash within your 
bank, right? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
That would be cash in our bank and the fixed deposits. So equivalent means 
the cash in some other form, which is fixed deposits. So if you see cash, 
cash equivalents, bank balance put together, which is Rs 53 billion, that 
would be in the form of fixed deposits and cash and Other financial assets, 
Rs 1,939 crore, almost the entire amount is the liquid cash that we placed 
with the clearing corporations, because there was a payout event happening 
in the first week of October. 
 
Gautam C Jain: 
So we increased cash level at our end, just to make sure that we are smooth 
in terms of payout, right? 
 
Vineet Agrawal:  
 
Yes, absolutely. 
 
Gautam C Jain:  
 
That is the reason why the borrowing has gone up sequentially? 
 
Vineet Agrawal:  
 
Yes. So part of that was funded through short-term borrowings. 
 
Gautam C Jain: 
Okay. And can you help me understand your ESOP cost because it's volatile. 
In Q1, it was Rs 17 crore. This quarter, it's Rs 22 crore. So on what basis we 
understand it would be going forward? 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So the ESOP cost of Rs 17 crore in quarter 1, a large part of it was the 
grants were done towards the third week of April. Hence, in the quarter 1, the 
entire 90 days cost was not there. Now if you extrapolate that cost, it will 
come to about Rs 22-odd crore, and that's what we've reported in this 
quarter. And I said about Rs 30-odd crore would be the cost for the next half 
year of the grants that have already been done. 
 
Gautam C Jain:  
 
Okay. Okay. So Rs 25 crore each quarter? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes, roughly about that. No, Rs 25 crore each quarter, no. Rs 30 crore would 
be the incremental cost for the entire half year going forward, H2. 
 
Gautam C Jain: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, if I look at your number of orders. The September 
month was significantly higher than July and August. So was there any one-
off because we were running at 7 crore order and suddenly, in September, it 
was 9 crore plus. Just help us understand was there any one-off or some 
event because of that, the order has gone up, or we are consistently going 
above 9 crore? I mean, can you just throw some light on that? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
See, I think the September month, this month was a good month for the 
market overall. But just to keep things in perspective, had the global political 
situation not being so tense, naturally, this year, you would have seen most 
months operate at this number, okay? Because if you look at the history of 
where the market was 2 years ago and the rate of growth, the growth got 
muted from its normal rate of growth, it actually got muted because of the 
geopolitical climate. So we feel what is happening is, at a macro level, India 
has been one of the few countries, in fact, I would say, in developing 
economies, perhaps the only country, which has operated with a very high 
degree of economic resilience and very good fiscal policies by the Reserve 
Bank of India, which has helped us kind of deal with these headwinds in a 
much more better manner. This is why capital markets, the impact is not as 
high as you see elsewhere. 
 
So the rate of growth, I don't think anybody can explain to you, if there is any 
one event that has caused it? No. In fact, if you look, the fourth interest rate 
hike actually went on September 30, right. So, if you look at the history, the 
RBI has been doing it, almost all of those have actually protected our country 
against severe inflationary pressures and severe fiscal pressures. So I think 
what you're seeing in the market, this is a way of the market to reward and 
kind of show that trust back in our entire financial ecosystem. That's really 
the only explanation that at least I have to this. And there's no other macro 
trend which has changed. 
 
Gautam C Jain:  
 
It's clearly a normal number, right? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes, there's nothing unique that has happened except that the country has 
done a good job. 
 
Gautam C Jain: 
Okay. And the final question is, we have provided some reversal of margin 
penalties, which we charge to the client around Rs 16 crore, Rs 17 crore. 
That is one off, right? That is not recurring and that won't come in Q3, Q4, 
right? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
 
No, no, that's not a recurring item. No. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Sahej Mittal: 
Congratulation on a great set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions from my 
side. Firstly, on the marketing spend. So in FY'22 the marketing spends were 
close to about Rs 300 crore which found about 55% of your admin and 
OpEx, right? So what percentage of your marketing spends are fixed in 
nature. So if your customer additions go to zero right in a hypothetical case, 
even then how much would we continue to incur? And the second one is with 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
regards to this question was about what proportion of our customers are now 
coming from the organic channels. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Okay. So 2 questions. I'll go one by one. First is, on the marketing expense, 
see we don't divulge the split or we don't talk really about how we don't talk 
about the makeup of our spend in a public domain, okay. So this is where 
our key competitive intelligence and our strategy is kind of playing out in 
those numbers. So obviously, for obvious reasons, I cannot tell you why and 
what and what not. 
 
Now let's talk about I guess your important question is what is the degree of 
elasticity in the marketing spend. The elasticity is almost 100%. In the sense 
that, yes, there is some residual spend which is there month-over-month, 
obviously, for example, things like brand. We cannot just turn that down to 
zero, right. But 90% of whatever we spend every month is elastic by nature 
and by nature it is dependent on market conditions, which we continue to 
monitor and demonstrate. I want to have Prabhakar Tiwari, who is our Head 
of Marketing and Growth. I wanted to just add a few things there. PT Over to 
you. 
 
Prabhakar Tiwari: 
Thanks, Narayan. See, we operate in a competitive market, and you know 
our venture-backed competition, they are also hungry for growth. And we 
have been keeping on the top notch in terms of incremental acquisition and 
we are going after market share. So of course, our marketing spends will be 
a higher percentage of our cost. But I agree with Narayan that it's 100% 
elasticity as far as our marketing spends are concerned, there are basic 
levels of maintenance level of spends, which are required and rest of it 
directly goes into brand building and getting better and more incremental 
market share. And we have a growth path where we want to be number one. 
So this marketing spends, we are very efficient on that, as Narayan already 
pointed out. So that's what I wanted to comment on. 
 
Sahej Mittal: 
Sorry, I respect the confidentiality. But just to get a sense, maybe some 
flavor around what percentage of your customers are coming from the 
organic. 
 
Prabhakar Tiwari: 
I mean, we cannot comment on the individual makeup number, but I can tell 
you that this has gone up and it's on a higher double-digit number. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Fintrust Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Darshil Pandya: 
Sir, as we have seen our commodity and F&O segment share going up, but 
one is that where do you look at this stuff? And other is the cash segment 
part, which we have seen a degrowing stay or you can say a stable part. So 
can you throw some light on that? Where do you see in the next few 
quarters? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
See, we don't see the mix between these 3 segments change dramatically 
within the next 2 quarters. And that's largely because as we have discussed, 
our Super-App strategy is just going to materialize in this quarter. This 
quarter, next quarter is investment time for us. We are going to be launching 
the Super-App. We are going to launch new journeys. So as of this point, 
there is no product impetus to actually change the composition of F&O to 
cash as such. So I expect this current split to kind of remain the same or 
within the same standard deviation. If the standard deviation is 5%, then you 
can do the math on what it will be, right? So I think it will continue to be within 
these bounds. 
 
Now obviously, as we have already communicated, our long-term strategy, 
however, is to introduce more diverse financial products, which will 
eventually have an impact on the revenue streams, which you have seen 
today. But today, we are not ready to have that conversation because our 
very first leg of the journeys has not gone like from a product side. 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Darshil Pandya: 
And sir, one more question. We have around 28% of the population, which is 
on a young side, or we can see a major population coming into the younger 
side. So do you see the addressable market, I saw the investor presentation. 
But do you see the numbers going much higher than what is anticipated in 
the investor presentation part? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
That is an excellent, excellent question. To be honest, I am 1,000% bullish 
on this because my personal prediction is that, that number is only going to 
explode, right. Because of exactly the reason that we have been discussing 
in this call, right. You have a captive customer base who's already digital, the 
cost of acquisition in the sense the cost of learning is kind of next to zero, 
and they are already familiar with the instruments available in the market. 
Now maybe they don't really understand the full scope of those instruments 
well because they're still learning. But my sense is that, as Prabhakar was 
saying earlier, with Tier 2, 3 and then eventually 4, 5 and 6 opening up, my 
belief is that the numbers will be actually higher. But of course, for when we 
do the math, the only back tested like normal based on our line of sight is 
only related to the markets that we operate in today. We don't really try to 
extrapolate more than where then what we know we can get in and make a 
difference right. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just 1 thing on the expense side 
and the flexibility that you now have maybe because of the launch of Super-
App, which has already been done. So in terms of the major incremental 
spends on your OpEx side, how much more flexibility do you see now? And 
is it that we should take this as a new norm in terms of the OpEx that we 
have? Or there are some big chunky items that you foresee in the coming 
quarters or years? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So Sarvesh, see, we are a company that is growing, okay? We are not 
a Hindustan Unilever or anything like that. We are not a commodity shop. We 
are a fast-moving growth company. If you look at the next 5 years of the 
company, it is going to be in an aggressive investment phase. So the metric 
that we hold ourselves to is really the operating margin. At the end of the 
day, whether the operating expense goes up or even if it goes down or 
whichever or it's stays same, right? What I am looking at is top line and the 
OPM. Within those parameters, if that means on an absolute level, if the 
revenue continues to go on a tear, and if I'm spending even 2x more, I think 
as far as the business is concerned, it still doesn't matter because we are 
maintaining absolutely healthy and a growable business rate. 
 
So I was saying given that we are in this investment phase for the next 5 
years, I see us continuing to build out multiple products, multiple portfolios. 
And to that end, I also see that our operating experiences, our operating 
expense will continue to reflect that. But at the same time, we are holding 
ourselves to the 45% to 50% OPM. And that's really the overall metric that 
the business is going to be, that's the framework in which we are operating 
the business. So the actual absolute number will go up or go down, I don't 
think that's very relevant. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sure. So that is well understood that if the revenues were to go up on a tear, 
then you can rapidly expand your OpEx as well. Just wanted to understand 
that do you have that flexibility on the other side. So for example, if we were 
to see headwinds coming through because of macros or anything. Do you 
have that enough flexibility or the levers in your operating structure to also 
maintain that sort of margin? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Correct. That's a very good question. And I think here, the proof is in the 
pudding, right. We have been sharing our numbers for the last 6 or 7 
quarters. If you go and look through all the quarters, there have been cycles 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
in which the VCs have pumped in a lot of cash. You yourself can see that 
look at last year's number, you see our margin when the VC community was 
going guns blazing on the acquisition route. But we have stayed the course. 
And today, when the VC funding has dried up, our strategy is still the same. 
So if you look, I can answer your question just with the last 18-month data 
that we have already presented to you, presented in our financials. 
 
Now going forward, obviously, from what I see, the only real headwind that 
we do need our strategy at this particular point is that there is some macro 
event that happens, which is completely not within our control. But from my 
perspective, our mission is very clear. We have to get to a pole position in 
equity and start introducing other wealth management journeys within our 
Super-App. So to that end, there is no other extraneous tailwind, which I see 
that is working against the industry or against the business we operate. So 
this is at least my 2 cents on the whole topic. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. There was recent news of the regulator might be considering, 
ASBA sort of a structure when it comes to the maintenance of excess margin 
at the client level. So do you have any comments to offer if that were to be 
implemented, of course, in F&O, there is a requirement of a margin. And so 
from your understanding, of course, I know that this is not yet implemented, 
but if this were to be implemented, then what can be potential impact on our 
interest income and other revenue line items. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
See, the ASBA thing is an eventuality, okay. It's going to happen. And I feel 
that it is one of those regulatory changes, which is going to increase our 
market penetration. It is actually got to help us accelerate it because what 
has happened is that SEBI has created an excellent safety net. They have 
created a very good safety net that eliminated every margin of error from the 
broking side. And my hats off to them because they have done their job and 
when this regulation gets imposed and when it comes to ASBA, as in our 
business, we now have to come up with clever and interesting ways from a 
product perspective to continue to drive that to build on that innovation. We 
used to do funds pay out. Now this is the first time it went like October 7, we 
had it right. 
 
We harnessed all our energies and to our very surprise the very next 
Monday, we actually ended up trading more than what we did the previous 
Monday, because we channelize their energy from the product side, from the 
tech side, we introduced better product features, better journeys that lets the 
client engage continuously on a continuous basis. Now similarly, with ASBA, 
yes, there will be some loss to interest income. Now we have not done any 
quick math, which gives how much it is, maybe Vineet can comment on it. It 
doesn't look that material at least as at this point. By then, I think we will 
continue to innovate on the product side. We would have had multiple 
journeys live. So the composition itself would be very different. Vineet, do 
you want to add anything here? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Actually, it's very difficult to forecast anything. This entire concept is at a very 
nascent stage. Let us have some clarity around it and the time lines and 
perhaps then we can do some maths and come back with some numbers. 
But today, it's very difficult to quantify anything. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anshuman Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Anshuman Jain: 
So I had a question regarding the Super-App launch. So as you said, this is 
going to happen this quarter on the Android app. And one of the metrics 
which we should see ideally is improvement in activation ratio. So if you 
could share the outlook on client addition and the activation ratio in FY'23 
and FY'24. That is my question. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. See, what I see is that, obviously, the engagement, right. I think your 
question is mostly around the engagement. So what I see is that as the app 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
launches, it generally takes about 2 quarters for the app to mature, okay. 
This is true for any application, not just our application. And case in point, if 
you look at Flipkart's app, if you look at the PhonePe, I mean every major 
tech company, there is a baking period for this app. 
 
Now what we are seeing is that in our gestation period, call it baking period 
that we do post launch, I expect the numbers to continue to remain the 
same. I expect no major change on either the activation journey or anything 
of that sort, whether it is 15-day activation or 1-month activation or 1-year 
activation. I don't expect a lot of movement largely because customers are 
getting acclimatized, but as the product scales, as it gets to 100% rollout and 
such, I do expect that, over time, the level of engagement will go up. Now in 
absolute terms, I can't quantify it for you what that would look like because 
our client base also will continue to accelerate at the same pace. But if you 
were to just look at a macro level, I think you can expect these robust 
numbers to continue. 
 
And historically, we have done a phenomenal job on the activation side. We 
were only at somewhere in the 30% in the low 30s or even late 20s as late 
as 1.5 years, 2 years ago, whereas you look at the number now, I mean it's 
substantially higher. And that's largely because of improvements in product 
and tech. And that is likely to continue. That trajectory will continue. 
 
Anshuman Jain: 
And in terms of the 100% launch, so all these parameters, the progress that 
we have, you have been giving periodical update. Obviously, which has been 
very helpful. But by FY'23, if you have the full launch of the app, right? So the 
benefits which should start accruing from FY'24 on a steady state basis? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
The launch will be done by FY'23. I think you're spot on about that. And what 
I see is post that, we will be starting to launch other journeys, right. And I'll 
have Ankit, who is our Chief Product Officer, just comment on this. Basically, 
at a macro level, we are obviously building the Super-App platform to launch 
other new journeys. And I'll let Ankit just talk about how he's thinking about 
the long-term growth there.  
 
Anshuman Jain: 
And also, other new journeys if you could also share that, what are those 
specific journeys chronology as such? Ankit, yes if you could just take. 
 
Ankit Rastogi: 
So as you heard, right, we are pretty clinical in the way we are launching. 
iOS we have already done, and we'll be starting with Android very soon in 
this quarter. And as I mentioned, it will be done by FY'23. The way we are 
looking into this is that the first asset class, while we are robusting our 
equities after that would be mutual funds. We have already informed this, the 
direct mutual funds. And we will closely monitor each of this, right. And this is 
the fundamental definition of a Super-App, how better we are able to cross-
sell engage across these asset classes, right. And then this is cross play 
across all the customer points. And I think the one metric, which was 
mentioned in the earnings call, which continues to be our obsession is the 
Net Promoter Score. So we closely monitor our feedbacks. We'll continue 
doing that. And as a result, I think this rollouts will be monitored. 
 
Anshuman Jain: 
So if I summarize you, just 1 last thing from my side. So basically, in FY'23, 
we will have a full launch and in FY'24, we would have some of the benefits 
of the launch, and in terms of new products, it would be the MF part, which 
would be activating in a big way in FY'24. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
 
Right, that is absolutely correct. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kajal from iSec Services Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Kajal: 
Yes. So a couple of things, sir. So I think it was initially also discussed that 
the activity level has gone up because you have seen orders are going up 
and also the number of per ticket size per order has also gone up 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
accordingly because volumes have gone up, but the activation rate per se in 
that way is quite low. So any other specific reason that you have seen why 
activation is only 200,000 versus that 12,00,000 new additions? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So let me actually give you first a macro answer, and then I'll turn it over 
to Devender, who can give you a little bit more deeper insight into how we 
are looking at it. See, first at a macro level, our overall activation numbers 
are still within the healthy range that we are personally targeting, okay. So 
from that perspective, if you look at the proof is in the total number of orders. 
Actually, ultimately that's the proof of the pudding right. If you look at total 
number of orders, that's steadily grown, and if you look at the engagement, 
that has also steadily grown. And clearly, that is visible in the bottom line 
numbers. Now macro level, obviously, because of the current economic 
climate, there has been a headwind against it. I'll turn it over to Devender 
now who can just shed some more light on it and give us a perspective on 
how we are thinking about activation and how does he see this trend 
changing going forward. Devender, over to you. 
 
Devender Kumar: 
Yes. Thanks, Narayan. Hi Kajal. I think there are 2 questions. One on the 
activity levels and the second one is on the activation rate, I think if you look 
at the activation rate in the last quarter at an overall industry level. I think 
what Narayan has highlighted, again, I will say the same thing is basically the 
market conditions have been muted. I know large activation is constituted by 
the large number of investments and investment opportunities that are 
existing because of market conditions. So we have seen industry wide 
difference and change in the last quarter, particularly which is also reflective 
with us. The difference can be that the whole industry has gone down more 
steeply, whereas now we have been in the positive side, reflected by the 
positive active clients that we have added in the last quarter, which is around 
1.6 lakhs where the industry has actually de-grown, so it actually talks about 
at an overall level, at an overall level, what are the market conditions and 
opportunities looking like? And how are the participants participating. 
 
And we have seen that we have done better than the industry. That's from 
the point of view on activation side. And I think a lot of activities that we do is 
to teach clients in terms of what is the right reason for investments, what are 
the right ways of investment with the right instruments of investments. And 
obviously, there is a wholesome industry level, which guides on how people 
will actually be propensive towards taking positions in that. So that teaching 
has remained robust. We have found that a lot of people are still engaging at 
a very, very high level and at the various kind of teaching activities, 
instrument activities that they're doing. And the instrument that we're bringing 
in terms of investment are really, really showing high engagement and which 
we will continue doing. So there's people who are finding the right opportune 
time, which as the industries, again, I think, I believe, as it goes up, will bring 
back all the people in a much more larger phase. So that should address the 
same part on the activation side. 
 
And on an activity level, as we can understand that why the orders are going 
up. It is like the opportunity in terms of for the trading clients has been very 
high in the last quarter. So firstly it is reflecting in the ticket size of the client 
or let's say the active level of a client, which is actually creating a lot of a 
large number of orders for us. So there are 2 sides to it, and both are not 
reflected in the last quarter. And we see a very opportune time because as 
the Indian economy has been resilient in these tough times, this will reflect it 
more prominently as we go ahead, where more people will find the right 
reasons to invest in more towards the Indian markets. So that's where we are 
going to Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 markets, which are maturing to these 
understanding and taking positions in them. Hopefully that addresses your 
question in terms of how activation rate is actually moving. 
 
Kajal: 
My second one question is on during the conversation, sir, answered some 
terminal value you see no change in your Tier 2, 3 or like 1 clients. So is it in 
terms of like traded value that you see that Tier 1 client or a Tier 2, 3 things 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
the same number? Or is it that ARPU provided by these clients is the same 
across geographies. So what is your reading there? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. See, generally speaking, right, they are all within the same ball, for 
example, the Tier 1s always have a greater concentration of greater than or 
folks that are greater than the age of 30, and who are professionals. If you 
take their ARPU, obviously, it will be higher than somebody who is 
equivalently placed, who is in a Tier 3 city in the same age group, right. So 
there are differences like that. But those differences are not material enough 
for me to change our product strategy or our acquisition strategy. They are 
just simply data points which we see, and we continue to hone in our 
acquisition play based on them. But macro level, there isn't much difference 
to answer your question, very precisely. It's within the same margin of error. 
 
Kajal: 
Okay. And lastly, 1 question on since you are one of the highest in F&O 
space. And even now also in this market, you saw a share rising. Did you do 
any study since you have retail customers that what will be the share of 
making profit versus making losses, if 100 are trading what will be that ratio? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. See, I think let me first answer this question. This is a very philosophical 
question. We have to answer it a little bit. We have to look at what our vision 
is as a company, okay? First of all, Angel is a platform. Our job is when 
customers come on the platform, we have to educate them. We have to 
curate them, and we have to give them the right kind of information to make 
the right decision. Now this is within our responsibility is to provide enough 
guardrails in the system, so the client doesn't accidentally do something 
stupid, okay. So when folks come on to our system, we take extra precaution 
to make sure they understand the market. We teach them. We are the only 
company today, the only 1 in fintech that invest so heavily in education. And 
the proof is if you go look at the number of Angel videos, there are more than 
6,000 videos that are there that cover everything under the sun, right from 
option strategy to intraday to how you can make money to what is the stop 
loss order, what is the product. So we go into a lot of detail to educate. 
 
Secondly, on the product side, as Ankit told you guys just a few minutes ago, 
right. The product is built with enough guardrails, so that the customer 
understands what are the parameters within which he can exercise his 
financial outcome. If you look at InstaTrade, which is one of our most popular 
features, it is the only, only, only feature in the market where you can actually 
quantify your risk even before you make the first investment. So our job is to 
provide these kind of tools, provide these kind of levers. Now beyond that, 
what happens for a client perspective, how many of them make money, how 
many of them lose money this and that, that actually, in many ways, is not 
even ethical for us as a company that we will look at, because it's not some, 
it's an intrusion into their privacy, which we don't want to do, right. 
 
So our is, as a platform, build the right platform, give the highest level of 
transparency, give clients enough tools using machine learning and AI, so 
they can understand how building and wealth, how equity trading fits into 
their overall wealth management study. This is why we are investing in the 
Super-App because some of our customers are, in fact, a lot of our 
customers want the mutual fund product, it's not like we woke up one 
morning and said, we need to do mutual fund. Our customers have asked us 
for it. We are coaching our customers that you should be investing in bonds. 
You should be investing in corporate bonds, right. We are the only ones who 
have even a product around that. So our job is to give this diversification. 
Then ultimately, the client can decide based on their level of risk, what works 
and what doesn't work. It's a little long-winded answer, but I wanted to give 
you the philosophy behind how we are approaching the company. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Jankar from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Sumit Jankar: 
My question is related to commodity market share. So from last year, it is 
increasing every month. So what actually has helped you in growing your 
ADTO. Also, you are acquiring now half of the market share. Can you please 
put some light on this? And my second question is, what is your current 
currency market share? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So I will defer this over to Ketan, who heads our commodity business 
and he can give you an idea on what's going on there. Ketan, over to you. 
 
Ketan Shah: 
Yes. Thanks, Narayan. So commodity, see, if we look at commodity market, 
largely the industry market, the volumes are growing in options, which is a 
new product launch from MCX side. And we were the first entrant in terms of 
providing options on mobile, mobile platform and a web platform. That's the 
large reason for us to gain the market share. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So as Ketan just said, that sums up very, very well actually. And as you 
said, in futures the market share is kind of constant for us and options may 
obviously increase. And I think one of the things, Ketan, correct me if I'm 
wrong, right? You also have built a mobile journey, right, in the options for 
this since last year or something like that? Is it that since we launched that. 
 
Ketan Shah: 
 
 
Yes, 2 years. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So that's another thing. It's a combination of that product as well as 
what Ketan just said. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sakshi Goenka from Soham 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Sakshi Goenka:  
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I had a quick question around your 
MTF book per client exposure has gone up significantly. I think few quarters 
back it used to be in the 45,000 to 50,000 range. It's now trending more 
towards at much higher level. So I just wanted to understand, is there some 
kind of deal statement? Or do you have seen a trend of higher client 
exposures. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. So yes, per client exposure is growing. But if you see the overall spread 
of the book, almost 80%, 84% of the clients are less than 1 lakh in exposure, 
I think, about 10% or 11% are between 1 lakh to 5 lakhs. So that I think is a 
healthy trend. And this is a complementary product bridge financing kind of 
arrangement for clients. So if they see an opportunity to leverage their 
margins and take some exposure in some stock where we see some value in 
between, let's say, 30 to 90 days they opt for this. In terms of the churn and 
all, so this book churns in about 45 to 60 days. So there is not a very long 
exposure in this book and I don't see any reason to be concerned about this 
increase in the exposure per client. 
 
Sakshi Goenka:  
Understood. Another question is since the industry has slowed down 
significantly, but you guys are doing a great job in terms of customer 
acquisition. Has our CAC per incremental customer gone up vis-a-vis what 
we were spending maybe 6 to 8 months back? Or you think we are pretty 
much okay in terms of CAC. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So see, as we discussed earlier, right, even a year ago, we were aiming 
to breakeven in 6 months. And even today, we are breaking even in 6 
months. So from a risk-reward adjusted perspective, I think the materially, 
nothing has changed. Now the actual numbers, some months, as you know, 
like during IPL time, CAC actually does go up. But then we acquire it in a 
way that we know we can still recoup within 6 months. So from our 
perspective, really, nothing changes. Prabhakar, if there is anything you want 
to add here, you can just add if you want to throw some light. PT Over to 
you. 
 
Prabhakar Tiwari: 
So Narayan, I think what you commented is a absolutely right. 

 
Angel One Limited 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Sakshi Goenka:  
Understood. And just one final question from my end. Any outlook on your 
tech spends post this year once your Super-App has been launched and the 
ball is rolling, do you think expense will start to come down going forward? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. See, as we said, now we are in an investment phase, right? So as of 
this point, we don't expect that we are not optimizing for conserving our 
expenses. We are optimizing for growing our top line. That also includes 
growing other businesses that we want to get into. So at a macro level, we 
are trying to keep our stated goal is to keep the company operating between 
45% to 50% OPM. Some months, it might be higher. Just as the last few 
months ago or last quarter, I think it was a little over 50%. It has even gone 
as high as 56%, right. And some months or some quarters, it might go below 
45% also, right. But that said, we will always normalize it to between 45% 
and 50%. And to that end, yes, as we enter next year, I do expect the 
operating expenses to increase, but at the same time, there will be a 
diversification, there will be enough other new businesses that we need to 
build out, we need to scale. And I still expect the OPM to be within the same 
number that we have just talked about. 
 
Moderator: 
As that was the last question that the management could answer today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Narayan Gangadhar for 
closing comments. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. Actually, I would hand it over to Dinesh Thakkar for his closing 
comments. Actually, let me just take it, okay. So again, finally, thank you, 
everybody, for joining us on this earnings call. New Age India is gradually 
understanding the potential of equity markets as stacked up against 
conventional risk-free and physical assets. In times to come as the 
ecosystem scales up and more investors gear up to learn and better 
understand benefits of long-term investing, coupled with continuous 
development of mobile and Internet infrastructure, I am very confident that 
more individuals will have larger wallet share towards financial assets. We 
have a clear pathway laid out to provide access to capital markets to a large 
population. Our endeavor is to garner a large share of the 65% population 
that resides in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. 
 
Our superior products give us an ability to stay ahead of the competition, the 
resilience of our business as demonstrated over many quarters, gives me a 
lot of confidence about the growth trajectory going forward. Angel will be the 
torchbearer of equity proliferation in the country. We continue to endeavor to 
partner our clients in achieving their financial goals while improving their 
overall investment journey. We have successfully demonstrated the 
superiority of our digital strategy and plan to augment the same as we move 
forward to attain the number 1 position in the industry. I am certain this goal 
is not too far away. I wish to thank all of you for your continued support, 
confidence in Angel One. For further inquiries and queries, please do reach 
out to Hitul Gutka, our Head of IR, or SGA our Investor Relation advisers. I 
wish you all a good day ahead. Stay safe, stay strong. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Angel One Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
