 
Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd.  
Technology Tower 1, Gate No.5, Saki Vihar Road, Powai, Mumbai-400072, India 
T +91 22 6776 6776 |   F +91 22 2858 1130  
 
 
Registered Office: L&T House, Ballard Estate,  Mumbai 400 001, India 
www.Lntinfotech.com     |     E-mail: info@Lntinfotech.com     |     CIN: L72900MH1996PLC104693   
 
 
 
LTI/SE/STAT/2022-23/85  
 
 
 
 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: LTI 
The BSE Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcripts of Earnings Conference call held on October 15, 2022.  
 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcripts of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on October 15, 2022.  
 
Request you to please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Larsen & Toubro Infotech Limited 
 
 
 
(Tridib Barat) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
TRIDIB 
KUMAR 
BARAT
Digitally signed by TRIDIB KUMAR BARAT 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=8687aba121e1f8269a3cf91c8226b612, 
2.5.4.20=7e15da58032c16bb8aa2049ade3831409d8
2b66bd42cfd16b3fcbfb307a50db6, 
postalCode=201301, st=UTTAR PRADESH, 
serialNumber=7c9dcdd232cb8be0dc71303fc2fb27f
aa8b22a0413e3b1f0a762e375a5d0d5cc, cn=TRIDIB 
KUMAR BARAT 
Date: 2022.10.21 18:13:32 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“LTI Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHIR CHATURVEDI – PRESIDENT, (SALES) 
MR. NACHIKET DESHPANDE – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER 
MR. ANIL RANDER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. SUNILA MARTIS – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the LTI Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Sunila Martis, Head, Investor Relations, LTI. Thank you and over to you. 
Sunila Martis: 
Thanks, Aman. Hi, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today to discuss LTI's Q2 FY'23 
Earnings. 
The Financial Statements, Press Release and Quarterly Fact Sheet are all available in our filings 
with the stock exchanges as well as on the Investor Section of our website. 
Today, on the call we have with us Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President, Sales; Mr. Nachiket 
Deshpande – Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Anil Rander – Chief Financial Officer. 
Management will give you a Brief Overview of the Company's performance during the Quarter, 
post which we will do a Q&A Session. 
As a policy, LTI does not provide any specific revenue or earnings guidance and anything said 
on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or can be construed as a forward-looking 
statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk the company faces. Over to you, Sudhir. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Thanks, Sunila. Hello everyone. Thank you all for dialing in, especially on a Saturday to discuss 
our Q2 results. We truly appreciate your time with us today. I know it's been a hectic week for 
all of you because of the earnings season and I hope you have a restful Sunday. 
So, let me start with our headline numbers. We are happy to report 4.6% Q-o-Q and 21.6% Y-
o-Y revenue growth in constant currency. This translates to growth of 3.6% Q-o-Q and 18.1% 
Y-o-Y in USD terms. 
We are also happy to continue our large deals trajectory and have closed four large deals with a 
net new TCV of over US$80 million during the quarter. Three of these are with existing logos - 
one is a Global Fortune 500 client, and one of these is a new logo. 
Similar to previous quarters, these deal wins are broad-based and are spread across our portfolio 
- Insurance, Hi-Tech, Manufacturing and Services. Post these wins, our large deal pipeline 
remains similar to our previous quarter, that's approximately US$2 billion. And we look forward 
to sharing more such wins with you in the second half of the year. 
On the new logo front, we added 22 new logos with the highest number of new logo additions 
coming in our BFS vertical. We also had double-digit Y-o-Y growth across all our top client 
buckets and also added one client to our US$50 million bucket. 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Let me give you some color on demand. We continue to see some challenging economic 
indicators as marked by high inflation and geopolitical issues. We have seen both the pace of 
decision making as well as the nature of demand change since the pandemic. During the first 
year of the pandemic, organizations needed to reimagine their operating models and to embrace 
digital technologies in order to ensure that they continue to do business. So, decision making 
cycles were accelerated driven by the need for survival. 
As we progressed into the second year, we saw the pace of digital transformation accelerate. The 
nature of demand and expectations around execution also changed. Discretionary spends picked 
up as clients invested in modernization and broadening of revenue generating streams and 
undertook transformation journeys in order to enable this. Speed was the biggest differentiator 
here, and hence the key driver for these journeys. Now that we are in the third year, we are seeing 
a little more regular decision making cycles, although even this is still faster than what we used 
to see pre-pandemic. 
So, with that backdrop, it is reasonable to assume that the overall macroeconomic environment 
and the anticipation of recessionary trends that we are seeing, will have some impact on clients 
spending, especially as we enter CY'23. While we at LTI, have not seen any outright 
cancellations, there are signs that there are clients looking to spread out their investments in 
technology. 
Customers, more importantly, want to bring control to their run spend. They have made 
significant investments in cloud, data and digital and this new stack over the last two years. 
Many of these implementations were done at high price points because speed was of the essence. 
There is now a need for organizations to go back and meet the planned business cases for all 
these programs. And therefore, there will be an efficiency play on the new stack. 
During this time at LTI, we are staying close to our clients to understand their needs. Business-
driven transformations are still a priority with clients. So, dollars allocated to business growth 
will continue. But when we look at what they seek to do with a new growth stack, we see that 
they will programmatically run value realization programs to help them meet their business case, 
and also use those monies to fund the strategic transformation initiatives. 
Moving to the performance of our industry verticals, geographies, and service lines during the 
quarter: 
BFSI portfolio now accounts for 48% of our total portfolio. BFS grew 29.1% in constant 
currency and overall budgets in our clients continue to grow in GRC, Payments and Commercial 
banking. We have a strong pipeline across our key clients mostly due to our presence in these 
programs, which are going ahead as planned. 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Insurance, we saw 15.8% Y-o-Y growth in constant currency. You all know that our growth 
numbers in this vertical have seen improvements over the last few quarters led by both large 
clients and several new logos that we have added in the sector since we added new leadership to 
run our insurance business in the US. 
Manufacturing grew 11.9% Y-o-Y in CC terms, and we are seeing some caution in the 
environment here. With rising inflation, customers are looking to reduce their spend on 
discretionary items. Hence, expense management is going to be critical and there will be a focus 
on operational efficiency and outsourcing. Our pipeline is building up in these areas. And we 
feel that we are well positioned both on strategic discretionary spend, as well as the imperatives 
that they have in the efficiency space. 
Energy and Utilities grew 29.9% Y-o-Y in CC terms. Demand environment continues to be 
strong here. We see large scale ERP, Data and Cloud projects underway or kicking off and clients 
are not revisiting these decisions. 
CPG, Retail and Pharma grew 21.8% Y-o-Y in CC terms driven by the growth in our large 
accounts and our large deals announced last year. 
Hi-Tech and Media was flat Y-o-Y or slight negative. This was on account of one of our large 
engagements transitioning from a fully onsite mode to offshore, moving to a global delivery 
model as part of the original deal structure. 
Others had a strong Y-o-Y CC growth of 48%, as our marquee services customer continues to 
ramp up sequentially. This account is on track to be a US$50 million account for us. 
On our geographies again, we saw broad-based growth: North America and European markets 
continue to be key drivers expanding by over 21% and about 30% respectively Y-o-Y on a 
constant currency basis. Excluding impact to currency, both of these will continue to grow well 
for us. In Europe, a large part of our growth is driven by continued large deal traction and new 
logo wins. We see a strong demand for our key capabilities around ERP, Data and Cloud and 
we are monitoring the situation. Going into Q3, we will continue to remain close to our clients 
and see how spend patterns emerge.  
I now request Nachiket to talk about our Service Lines and Supply Side. Over to you, Nachiket. 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
Thank you, Sudhir. 
On our service lines, both Analytics, AI Cognitive and Enterprise Integration & Mobility have 
grown well at about 44% and 38% Y-o-Y respectively in constant currency terms. These reflect 
the strengths of our data and digital engineering sub-service lines, with revenues from both of 
these practices doubling over the last three years. Performance of these service lines also ties in 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
with what Sudhir said earlier on demand where we see several clients reviewing their business 
case for their cloud migration and data journey. We talked about this opportunity last quarter, 
where we are trying to solve for efficiency expectations of our clients in these large investment 
areas that they have made in new digital stack. Our proven expertise in the efficiency play with 
our deep seated and premium partnership with hyper scalers is helping us to see continued 
traction in the space. LTI remains well poised to capture this opportunity. Post the merger with 
Mindtree, this will further strengthen along with their expertise in customer success and digital 
transformation. 
To further build on this momentum, we continue to make investments along with our strategic 
partners. We opened our Joint Insurance Innovation Lab with AWS in Hartford, Connecticut. 
We already delivered one joint solution from this center between AWS and LTI. We were also 
named a Launch Partner for Salesforce Automotive Cloud, which is the new product offering 
from Salesforce, unveiled at the recently concluded Dreamforce Event. 
Now moving to the supply side, we are proud to have crossed 50,000 headcount mark this 
quarter. Our hiring engine continues to work well, and we are not planning for any moderation 
in our hiring plans in Q3. Our net headcount addition at over 2,100 people in Q2 has been in line 
with our earlier quarters, and we continue to build momentum for demand and growth going 
forward. 
On attrition, we are seeing some softness in hiring premiums and cool-off in resignation 
numbers. We are likely to see some moderation in attrition numbers in H2. But for certain hot 
and niche skills, supply/demand mismatch will continue, and will take several quarters to be 
bridged. 
Before we look at business outlook, I want to talk about the progress on our merger with 
Mindtree.  We are happy to be on the last leg of required regulatory approvals and should be 
able to combine forces by end of calendar year '22. As we explained earlier, the merger rational 
is essentially a revenue synergy-based rationale. The business case is around 2 fast growing 
companies coming together to grow even faster. As this merger offers an exciting and broader 
growth platform to all of our employees, we also see a lot of excitement amongst our workforces. 
We have been working to ensure speedy and seamless integration through our steering and 
integration committees, focusing on interoperability in the first quarter and then accelerated 
consolidation of key systems and operating models is our primary focus. The majority of 
integration activities are expected to be concluded by Q4 FY'23. 
Now moving to outlook on Q3 and FY'23. While macroeconomic indicators point to a near-term 
softness in market volatility, we see these challenges also as an opportunity. We remain close to 
our clients across all levels to understand and align our investment plans. We continue to execute 
well and deliver in a challenging and changing environment as demonstrated in the past. We 
expect our Q3 performance to be as strong if not better than our Q2 as it has historically been. 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
We will continue to be in the Leaders Quadrant for growth with a stable PAT within the guided 
band for FY'23. 
In the near term, while we are not immune to the impact of global economic events, we feel we 
are much better positioned than earlier to address any future shifts. Both LTI and Mindtree are 
growth leaders and post-merger as a combined entity, we will leverage our scale to move from 
being a best challenger to tier-1s to setting the foundation for leadership. 
With that, let me hand over to Anil. 
Anil Rander: 
Thanks, Nachiket. Hello everyone. It is great to be back with you all with another Quarterly 
Earnings. 
Let me take you through the financial highlights for Q2 FY'23 starting with the revenue numbers: 
In the second quarter FY'23, our revenue stood at US$601 million, up 3.6% sequentially and 
18.1% on Y-o-Y basis. The corresponding constant currency growth was 4.6% Q-o-Q and 21.6% 
Y-o-Y. Reported INR revenue of 48,367 million was up 6.9% Q-o-Q and 28.4% Y-o-Y. We are 
very happy to have crossed the 600 million revenue milestone. 
Now coming to profitability - EBIT for the quarter was INR 7,809 million, translating into an 
operating margin of 16.1% as compared with 16% in the previous quarter. Increase in employee 
cost and moderation and utilization was offset by currency benefit and working day impact. 
Reported profit after tax was INR 6,798 million, which has translated into a PAT margin of 
14.1% compared with 14% in Q1. We remain comfortable with our guided PAT margin of 14% 
to 15% for FY'23. 
Moving on to people front, utilization without training was 82.1% as compared to 81.8% last 
quarter, and utilization including trainees was 80.3% versus 81.3% in Q1. We continue to 
strengthen our workforce and during Q2, we added 2,215 people on a net basis. The total 
manpower stood at 50,981, of which our production associates were 95.5%. In this quarter, 
attrition was at 24.3% versus 23.8% last quarter on LTM basis. 
Our cash flow hedge book stood at US$1,938 million as at 30th September '22 versus US$1,795 
million as at 30th June 2022. While the on-balance sheet hedges stood at US$140 million versus 
US$108 million last quarter. 
Moving on to the DSO, in Q2, the billed DSO stood at 62 days as compared to 61 days in last 
quarter. The DSO including unbilled was at 99 days as compared to 100 days in last quarter. 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
For the quarter, the net cash flow from operations was INR 3,608 million, which was at 53.1% 
conversion of net income. At the end of the quarter, cash and liquid investments stood at INR 
32,636 million as compared to INR 38,824 million in the last quarter. 
Earnings per share for the quarter stood at INR 38.75 as compared to INR 36.13 in Q1. Diluted 
earnings per share was INR 38.7 versus INR 36.08 in the last quarter. 
On the ESG front, we remain steadfast at reducing our environmental footprint and becoming a 
carbon and water-neutral company by 2030. In Q2, LTI has been certified as a water-positive 
company based on third-party audit. With a positive index of 1.87, LTI is one of the top water 
savers. 
With that, I would like to open the floor for questions. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Folks, before we take questions, I just wanted to say that this is likely to be our last call with you 
as standalone LTI. It's been a fascinating journey since our IPO to now being an established 
player in the industry. We are thankful for the constant support that we get from the L&T group, 
AMN, SNS and RSR, who are actively involved in enabling every part of our growth journey. I 
want to thank the L&T Board for their mentorship. And I want to take this opportunity to also 
thank Sanjay Jalona and Ashok Sonthalia who are an integral part of this journey. I would like 
to thank our employees who have always gone the extra mile, as our employee numbers went 
up from 19,000 during the IPO to over 50,000 today. And as always, we want to thank our clients 
for the faith they have placed in us at all times. There have been some difficult times and 
otherwise to deliver their most difficult programs and drive their growth agenda. We look 
forward to building on all of this together as LTI-Mindtree and seek your support and advice in 
the exciting journey ahead. 
We can open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from line of Sandip Agarwal from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Sandip Agarwal: 
Your commentary looks little measured in the sense that on one front you are highlighting the 
risk of the macro which you are probably also seeing the way the whole world is seeing. And at 
the same time, you are also acknowledging the fact that if risk to economies or the macros 
environment worsens from here, then the need to optimize cost will accelerate which obviously 
implies that people will use the cheapest possible option to achieve their goals which is obviously 
outsourcing in the technology stack. So, I am trying to understand a little more clearly whether 
you are more inclined towards the macro uncertainty, how you see today or you are more 
inclined towards the opportunity which it will throw up. In the sense, obviously inclined will be 
towards the opportunity, but what I'm trying to understand is today as you see which side you 
are seeing the whole environment tilting? 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
I think if I step back and look at the conversations that we're having with clients. Clients are 
spending money. They are either enabling business growth, where there is revenue growth, in 
many cases, multi-year programs, that spend is continuing as planned. The efficiency is coming 
in places where some of the money was spent, perhaps not as judiciously, because it was spent 
for speed, in enabling cloud, data and digital journeys. And those consumption costs have risen, 
as a service cost have gone up. So, they're thinking to rationalize spends to get back to the 
business case.  
Those are the two trends that we are clearly seeing, and we feel well positioned to do both. If 
you see our large deal track record, most of our large deals have actually been in the outsourcing 
space. We are actually well poised for that spend pattern to shift. It's really a question about 
chasing the right digital growth dollars and chasing the right outsourcing dollars, and we think 
we are in a good position to do both. Frankly, volatility, I know we're seeing some now, but 
nothing compares to the volatility that we saw in March 2020. If we could deal with that and 
grow 9.5% even in a pandemic year. Compared to that, this is an environment where we have 
runway to have discussions with clients and if they need to change their spend patterns, we will 
make sure that our strategy is in line with where the dollars are being spent. We have handled 
bigger crisis. We are very confident about this one. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
So, wanted to get a sense on why our cash generation is so weak and what is the outlook on the 
same because our FCF to PAT is just 14% in the first half, our CFO to EBITDA is just about 
34% and even in the last year the FCF to PAT was weak at around 34%. Just want to get a sense 
in terms of while earnings growth numbers are very strong if I look at your FCF over a two year 
duration on an LTM basis, there's a 40% CAGR decline. So, just wanted to get my head round 
why the cash generation is so weak? 
Anil Rander: 
I think there are a few key reasons why and these are more I would say transient here. In last 
quarter, we did have an incentive payment on which there was a TDS liability. This was paid 
during the current quarter. In terms of the advance tax, the overall quantum is higher as compared 
to the last quarter. So, that is another reason. There is also a premium payment for one of our 
insurance policies, which fell due on the last day of the quarter. And that is also a key reason 
why this cash generation has been lower though it's been higher than Q1. We are confident that 
we will pull it back in Q3. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Just a second clarification, we did talk about that Q3 would be similar or better. So, do we expect 
that typical seasonality wherein our second half is generally better? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes, Q3 will be better than Q2 and second half will be stronger than H1. 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Anil Rander: 
Ashwin, just on FCF also, you had raised a question. There is an investment which we are 
making into our own premises in Mahape. And that investment is also going in and that's the 
reason why FCF is low. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
What is the kind of capacity increase that we are doing in Mahape? 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
It's about 8,000 seats 
Ashwin Mehta: 
This is happening over the last year and this year because our CAPEX last year was also elevated.  
Nachiket Deshpande: 
Yes. So, we've just inaugurated that facility last week, and it would be ready to occupy from 
January onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
How should we look at margins because that is one metric where we are relatively lower, or at 
par compared to pre-pandemic? So how do you guys see this going forward in the second half? 
And a second related question, should we consider some merger-related expenses in second half 
of FY'23? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
We always guided that our margin will be between the band of 14% to 15% and we're sticking 
to that. I think the important thing for us is that, as you can see a broad-based growth 
environment. You see our growth across verticals, even this quarter, other than Hi-Tech, which 
we had a client-specific reason, every other vertical has grown. We have grown in North 
America, we have grown in Europe. So, our focus is making sure that we exploit the growth 
opportunity that is there. So, if you see our net employee addition continues to be strong, you 
see even our net operating expenses, things like our travel, etc., has gone up, because we want 
to focus on making sure that the growth that is there in the market is achieved. And we think 
that is the right strategy in this environment to adopt. Because ultimately, we, together with 
Mindtree, will offer even more scale benefits. So, I think the margins over a period of time as 
we scale will improve, but we have to ensure that the best way to do that is to ensure that our 
growth momentum continues to be unaffected. So, we will always invest for growth. 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
And in Q3 and Q4, there would be some one-time expenses that could come up because of 
integration. As I said, we are looking at a very speedy integration and all our systems and 
processes will be consolidated by end of financial year. So, these two quarters you might see 
some one-timers coming in for the integration costs.  
Mohit Jain:  
So, any quantification there? 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
We're still in the process. Once we get all the regulatory approvals, we'll have the clarity on 
exact timelines, then we can quantify. 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Mohit Jain: 
One follow up on Hi-Tech. If you adjust for that one client shift that you spoke about, what kind 
of growth rate and outlook do you have for Hi-Tech vertical? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Consistently, if you look at the last two years, Hi-Tech on average is at 20% plus Y-o-Y business 
for us. And we continue to see that. In fact, one of the large deals we announced with a Global 
Fortune 500 company is also a Hi-Tech player. So, it's really one client one quarter. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, from your perspective, the outlook has not changed in Hi-Tech vertical? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Not at all. In fact, we are seeing some good growth there. As I said, the combination of service 
lines, because the number of deals that we're doing together with Mindtree, has also gone up 
significantly. So, now we're able to bring sort of a much wider array of service lines to clients, 
and that is also something that we are leveraging in this vertical. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
As you mentioned in your opening remarks about the macro headwinds that we're facing that 
clients are kind of facing at multiple levels. So, just wanted to dig a little bit more into it. Any 
specific pockets in terms of verticals that we are seeing more, concern or more pushback on 
some of the verticals? So, these are B2C companies tend to feel the heat of these dwindling 
demand and economic downturn or recession earlier than the B2B companies. So maybe retail 
or BFS, are we seeing that trend also here, any color that if you could provide on that?  
And secondly, our margins have definitely fallen much below over the last couple of years, even 
if I remove the travel benefit that we have during the pandemic time, pre-pandemic also our 
margins are basically down from those levels. So, now that I believe the multiple wage hike that 
we had to give is behind us, attrition also as mentioned in the opening remarks is expected to 
cool down, do we expect margins to expand significantly in the coming quarters. On a standalone 
basis do we expect the margins to shoot up significantly, adjusted for the one-off expenses of 
course in the quarter? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
In terms of macro, what we're seeing in BFSI, which is 48% of our business. In fact, the areas 
we are in like compliance, commercial banking, wealth management, actually, we're not seeing 
any change here. Perhaps our exposure to retail banking being low, potentially helps us. In 
mortgages we are not present, payments is something we are very strong which is actually one 
of the fastest growing areas. So, in BFSI, we grew, over 37% last year, this quarter also we are 
growing 29%. So, you can see the momentum we already have in the sector. So, BFSI, if 
anything will continue to actually be our growth driver. Exactly the reverse of what people are 
expecting. We don't have much exposure to retail and consumer, it's a smaller part of our 
business.  

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
We are seeing a little bit in some of our Manufacturing, where clients are spreading out their 
investments over a longer period of time, but that's what we're seeing in Manufacturing. But, I 
think, as I said, the places that we thought will have impact, for example, Europe or BFSI, or 
some other sort of service lines, we're actually not seeing that pan out. We are growing in Europe 
as well, 29% Y-o-Y. Why are we confident about Q3 being stronger than Q2 is because we've 
got our top 20 growing, we've got large deals that we've done over the last three quarters. We 
have done 12 over the last three quarters, we've got our largest vertical growing, Europe is also 
showing good growth, and finally, our employee relations are strong. So, we are in a good 
position to exploit all that for growth in the coming quarter. With that, I'll hand over to Nachiket 
for the margin. 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
On the margin, as you said, if you look at last couple of years across the industry, and that's true 
for LTI as well. A large part of the pressure came with the replacement cost being higher for 
attrition. It wasn't driven by the usual wage hikes, but it was driven largely by the replacement 
cost for attrition backfill being higher. Attrition is starting to come down, but it's still much 
higher than what we would like and much higher than what industry had operated in the past. 
So, that pressure is starting to ease a little bit, but I would say that it's still not gone away fully. 
And we will continue to remain in our guided range of 14% to 15% PAT. We will pull different 
levers as we see the situation improving. And as Sudhir also said, our focus will continue to be 
on reinvesting back into our growth as we have always done. So, for us, yes, there are some 
parameters which are improving. So, we will pull different levers to stay within our guided PAT 
margin and continue to seek the leaders’ quadrant growth. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Given the wage hikes are behind, adjusting for the one-off that you mentioned, could we expect 
H2 EBIT margins to be better than H1 EBIT margin? 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
We don't guide for EBIT, we always guide for PAT to be in 14% to 15% band and we continue 
to maintain that guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Sudhir, just wanted to get a bit deeper into a comment which you just made about that number 
of deals with Mindtree have gone up as you guys are able to bring an array of capabilities. I 
know you guys probably will talk a lot more about it in next quarter. But is it possible to get an 
early glimpse into what really is happening in areas where both LTI and Mindtree have presence 
and what you are bringing to the table and what they are bringing to the table to kind of accelerate 
the opportunities? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
So, as you have heard from us before. The service line synergy, especially between the two 
companies are extremely strong. So, LTI traditionally is strong in ERP, Data and Cloud. 
Mindtree traditionally is strong in customer success, which is customer experience, digital 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
marketing, e-commerce, that entire suite of offerings is very, very strong there. And that's where 
the cross-sell, momentum is there. So, today, between the two companies, there are 80-plus 
pursuits that are underway, where both companies are jointly pursuing deals. So, you can see 
there's been a significant increase since, we announced M&A. It's one of the best ways of 
integrating as well.  So, because, you're doing joint deals together, both teams are already 
working together to pursue this. So, which is why we feel that we have planned the integration 
well, and we can hit the ground running on day one itself. But from a business perspective, 
momentum should only go up, that's something we will continue to do together 
Mukul Garg: 
Is it possible to share an example in a big deal where you bought something to the table and they 
got something and you guys were able to put together an opportunity for a much larger offering 
to the client? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
So, last quarter, we talked to you about a client in the travel technology space. So, in this quarter, 
there is a significant large deal that is happening in the consumer space, where this is a client 
that is putting up their entire tech spend up for rebuild. This is a small existing client of ours. 
Actually, this is a consumer goods company that's investing very significantly in their e-
commerce channel as they go direct to customer. So, this program is actually right from all the 
things that they need for omni channel commerce, all the things they need from digital 
marketing, right down to the supply chain, right down to finance, and data. That entire chain is 
what they're talking to us for. So, that's the conversation that we are having jointly. In the past, 
we would have had the conversation on finance and supply chain. They would have had the 
conversation on e-commerce. Now we're able to put all this together and bid together. So, that's 
on the transformation side.  
If I look at the cost reduction side of the house, there's another client of ours is in the Hi-Tech 
space, which is looking to cut costs, which is looking to reduce their tech spend in the areas. 
And that's where we are getting together. Again, with a combination of technologies that we 
both are strong at. And so there we are bringing our strengths in ERP and data, they are bringing 
their strengths in a lot of the consumer facing technologies that are there. So, our ability to cover 
the entire technology spectrum for them is very strong. And that’s the other deal. These are both 
very significantly sized deals for us, just to give you some examples. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
In terms of the large deals, we are consistently winning in the last three quarters. After winning 
the large deal, is there any change in pattern in ramp up because of the challenging macro? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
No change in ramp up. So, the large deal cycles are consistent with what typical large deal cycles 
have been. In fact, now we have learned how to do transitions also completely remotely in the 
pandemic. There used to be some time for the ramp up of resources and, placement of resources, 
in fact, that's also gone now. So, you can start these ramp ups fairly quickly.  

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
If I look at the nature of the deals that are there in our US$2 billion pipeline, I think what we're 
seeing is, what Nachiket was referring to. The traditional technology, if I call it legacy in today's 
world, that has already gone through multiple rounds of outsourcing and very heavy offshoring, 
there isn't much to save there. The savings are really on the cloud, data, digital, DSAS, and that 
stack. So, that is where we are seeing the changing nature. They are asking us to save money on 
this spend. And because this spend is metered spend, it only goes up every month, as their 
consumption goes up of technology, they spend more and more every month. So, it's not a one-
time control. You basically rearchitect their entire run operations on a continuous basis. So, it’s 
a different type of outsourcing to what we’ve done in the past. It has to be led with tools rather 
than people and that is what we are able to show to clients, we are capable of doing that and 
that’s why they feel confident about those deals in that space. 
Sandeep Shah: 
How to read some of the born digital software companies like Salesforce, Pega, downgrading 
guidance, growth outlook for slower decision-making. Duck Creek is also concerned, while LTI 
also gets almost 28% to 29% revenue from ERP, as well as Mindtree also getting a material 
portion of revenue from Salesforce. So, in this scenario, does that make us slightly upset? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes, so I will separate this. If you look at SAP or even if I look at Salesforce or ServiceNow. 
The one key thing to see in their numbers is how much has moved from what used to be license 
sales which was recognized immediately as revenue to what is now as a service. Where we only 
can recognize revenue as the software gets consumed, the amount of consumption of the 
software actually determines their revenue. So, their change in business model will have an 
impact in terms of their revenue cycle. Because now if the born SAS companies like Snowflake, 
etc even they are actually focusing on consumption. So, now if you want to drive consumption 
on software that has been sold, you cannot do it without services companies, because services 
companies will implement those industry, business use cases which lead to the consumption of 
technology.  
That’s why you see, Nachiket gave you the example, of the AWS insurance industry, the 
innovation lab that we have set up together, and the deal that we have sold together, that was an 
existing AWS client. An AWS setup was already available to them, but we are driving 
consumption through our solutions. So, if you see the partnerships have actually in fact, we are 
having partner conversations almost every day, and at the highest level, this is at the CEO levels, 
because they’re working with us together to say you build the industry use cases for us to drive 
consumption, because that’s what will drive our revenue. That’s the big shift, we call it 
disruptive SAS. Disruptive SAS is all about consumption and that is all about industry benefits, 
how do you provide essentially the benefits are on the revenue side of the house and get 
immediate traction. 
Sandeep Shah:  
Wanted to understand the growth, demand perspective, anything materially changed, versus 
Europe versus US for LTI, or even Mindtree, if you can comment on a merged entity basis, 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
whether our exposure to some of the European industries will make us slightly weaker in terms 
of the growth ramp up going forward? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi:  
Frankly, we can’t do much about the currency but we are growing at 29% and we’re continuing 
to do well. We see a decent business in Europe, we’ve got resilient clients also in that space, so 
not concerned. We know the outlook for Q3 very closely. So, we know that’s why can 
confidently talk about it. Q4 we will see new budgets come in but as I said we know how to 
chase the right dollar. That’s the one thing LTI was extremely aware. So, even as the market 
changes, where it changes, we will make sure that we are in the right conversation for that. 
Sandeep Shah:  
Last bookkeeping on the depreciation side. Is there acceleration in this quarter and will that go 
back to normalize level in the coming quarter even after the Mahape capitalization from Q4 or 
will it increase? 
Anil Rander:  
So, it will go back to the normal level and anyway Mahape is likely to come only in Q4 or next 
Q1. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Wanted to understand Hi-Tech vertical. Now, this quarter softness is partly alluded to offshore 
shift in 1 one of the large accounts. But if I look your margin profile, margin remains under 
pressure, typically during offshore we see generally benefited at margin level. So, that is one 
thing about why it is not getting reflected in margin performance. And second, even if you have 
just one client kind of offshore shift, Y-o-Y growth rate is also fairly weak compared to company 
average. So, if you can give some perspective on what is playing out in Hi-Tech vertical.  
Second question is about Manufacturing, you indicated some kind of caution so if you can help 
us understand the sub-segment where the demand remained resilient and where do you see more 
weakness, particularly when Q3 we see seasonality. Generally, Manufacturing, growth 
accelerates. If you can help us understand how you expect that acceleration will play out this 
year. Third question is about SG&A expenses. Now that remained fairly low, and we are not 
seeing any uptick even though the work from office kind of expenses started inching up in some 
of your peers financials. So, if we can provide some perspective.  
Nachiket Deshpande: 
On the Hi-Tech account, where the delivery model sort of moved from onsite only to global 
delivery model in offshore. So, you’re right, the margin profile should improve on that. But as 
you can imagine, this is a transitionary quarter. So that’s why the margin is not reflective in the 
P&L directly there. Also, many of these deals are structured so you can see a relatively flatter 
margin profile that is there across the quarters when the deal was structured as well.  
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Hi-Tech growth last four quarter average is 21.2%. And as I said, we have a good pipeline, some 
decent large deals, so no concerns on Hi-Tech growth. Manufacturing as I said, again if I look 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
at our average four quarter growth, that also has been 21% but in Manufacturing, our customers 
are spreading out their investments over a longer period is something that we are seeing. Even 
now we’re growing, this quarter we grew 12% so it’s still more than double digit. So, we will 
continue to focus on this, there are some large deals in the Manufacturing portfolio as well. So, 
that picks up we’ll start to see growth back. But, across all our verticals, we are only seeing 
slightly lower growth than our company average, only in Manufacturing. And if you saw 
insurance is already on the way up in terms of growth so we’re confident about that. Which is 
why I keep saying we have broad based growth, so we are not worried that much about any 
particular vertical or region. Our focus is really on the deals that are currently underway at LTI, 
all the 80-plus pursuits that we’re doing together with Mindtree and the large deals of the pipeline 
that we already have. So, all the things that we can already see. 
Anil Rander: 
On the SG&A Dipesh you mentioned that to it appears to be flat, but if you see there is an 
increase in the absolute amount. And also, we are getting in some G&A efficiency, due to which 
that number appears to be.  
Nachiket Deshpande: 
All of our offices in India are now open and we have a hybrid model so people are coming in 
two to three days a week as we expect. So, office wise, all of our offices in India are now open. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manik Taneja from JM Financial.  
Manik Taneja: 
Wanted to understand you indicated about some flush in Financial Services for this year and you 
also commented that the deal size will remain good in Q3 ‘23. Does our commentary and our 
conversations with clients still suggest the same - that’s question number one. The second was 
a bookkeeping question with regards to the fresher hiring, if you could help us understand how 
many freshers have we added in second quarter, and first half and does the plan to hire 6,500 
new freshers for the year change. Thank you. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
You had a question on fresher hiring and your earlier question was on BFSI right, do we see 
sustained momentum even in Q3. The answer is yes. 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
And on the fresher hiring we are on track with our hiring guidance of 6,500 which we will hire 
this year. On fresher onboarding, we on-boarded about 1,600 freshers in Q2 as against about 
1,000 in Q1 and again we are on track to onboard whatever we have offered from a FY’23 
perspective.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
As this merger announcement has been made for six months now and you might be interacting 
with your clients already on this thing. So, is there any change - good or bad that you could 
highlight both, from external point of view in terms of clients and partners and internally how 
you made changes in terms of nimbleness, approval reporting workflows for your team? 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Actually, from a client’s perspective they are wondering why it’s taking six months. They can 
see the benefits we have all been communicated very, very regularly to them, so they can see 
the benefits of the combined LTI Mindtree set of offerings especially to each across verticals, 
across regions, across service lines. As Nachiket said in his commentary also there is excitement 
about this both in our employees and our clients as well. And we hope that this will happen soon. 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
In terms of process and nimbleness, because of the regulatory approvals we are still in the last 
leg, we are operating as independent companies separately listed and accountable to separate set 
of stakeholders. That part hasn’t changed. LTI is operating the way LTI has been, and Mindtree 
is operating the way Mindtree has been. Our plan for integration, the endeavor is that as Sudhir 
said in his commentary, that we would not want to lose growth momentum, that’s the 
fundamental premise of this integration. We want to grow faster together than we were growing 
individually. So, the endeavor is that anything that enables that growth, we will not want to 
disrupt. All of our operating model, processes as well as organization structure is designed in 
such a way that will enable that high growth as we go forward. But today, as it stands, we are 
operating as individual companies as we were before. 
Rahul Jain: 
That means we may not be very, very closely integrated but leveraging the best of the other, but 
more acting like a sister concern in near future rather than acting as one? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
No, see you have to think of it as an additive organization, because we’ve not got much overlap. 
So, therefore you have to create an additive organization that actually has wide scale. So, our 
whole thing is to maximize coverage and maximize scale. So, you will see on the sales side the 
whole endeavor is to maximize coverage, on the delivery side it is maximize scale benefit. So, 
that is how we’re designed it. 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
But at the same time, we will move to a single set of systems and single set of a process by the 
end of Q4. We are actually doing a very accelerated integration, you will actually see us operate 
like one company much sooner than you typically expect when these two sides of the companies 
come together. The common processes where scale will help, like hiring, like bench, we would 
operate as one. The areas where individual expertise needs to be preserved, because that’s the 
cross sell and upsell promise to our customers, we will continue to preserve those differences as 
we go to the market and that’s where as Sudhir said the organization will be more additive. 
Rahul Jain: 
My question just to give you one example is like, today if you’re chasing a certain size of a deal 
as a large deal, because you’re a certain size business, but tomorrow you are much larger 
business. So, what you call as your large deal, logically should look like a much bigger deal and 
that’s why the team and the deals you chase in the market changes technically if you are chasing 
it as a 5 billion organization versus a 3 billion organization or whatever. So, from that perspective 
is what I was trying to understand.  

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
You are right, the definition will change. And we have already talked about it. As I said, when I 
mentioned the 80 plus sort of joint pursuits that we have, we are obviously looking at materially 
larger deal sizes jointly. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
I am trying to reconcile some of the earlier comments. Is the move to efficiency likely to increase 
deal durations and therefore do you see large deal pipeline inching higher from US$2 billion. 
It’s been fairly static there, that’s despite the joint deal pursuits or should we see this as duration 
that remain fairly static, and macros slowing down the deal velocity?  
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
As people look to do more efficiency those tend to be longer duration deals. So, if you look at 
the deal pipeline and TCV, also remember the wins also contribute to part of this. Sometimes 
the entire TCV is not awarded to us, it’s awarded to multiple parties. So, that also has a bit of an 
impact on their TCV. But overall, as I mentioned the spread of this US $2 billion that we have 
today is quite interesting and the number of deals that we are already seeing in the final stages 
is what gives us that confidence. So, that we have a good balance between, as I said the business 
growth kind of deals as well as the efficiency kind of deals and the efficiency in the new areas 
which is where that investment will sustain over a period of time. 
Moderator:  
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from Incred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
In your prepared comments you mentioned about an uptick in the large-scale ERP programs. If 
I heard that correctly, any color in terms of what is driving it now and is it happening across the 
large, mid, small market from an opportunity standpoint. Thank you for taking my question. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
When we look at ERP, we’ve got three things going for us. One is there is a move to cloud on 
ERP, where they’re moving from existing on-prem. The second is, journeys like S4 or OC, 
Oracle Cloud applications, where they are looking for essentially modernization, consolidation 
and simplification of the landscape where programs are underway. And those tend to be 
multiyear programs so that’s why the programs don’t stop. And the third is we’re seeing an uplift 
because that’s naturally something that we bring to all Mindtree customers. So, those joint 
pursuits that you mentioned, that’s another area where we are seeing that Mindtree clients are 
now being exposed to our ERP expertise. So, there are other areas like supply chain visibility, 
etc which were key during the pandemic, which also require ERP interventions. So, ERP is 
where we see the shift towards the projects being in the transformation side of the house, that’s 
where we are seeing the spend in ERP. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you 
sir. 

 
LTI Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
October 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Thank you, folks. Thank you very much for your time today. Thank you for bearing with us on 
a Saturday. Once again, wish you all a very Happy Diwali and we look forward to our continued 
interactions. We will keep you informed at all times about our merger and as discussions 
progress, and hopefully we will be able to close that in Q3 and meet together as one in the next 
quarter. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen on behalf of LTI that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
 
Sunila Martis, Head of Investor Relations  
Email: investor.relations@lntinfotech.com  
 
Registered Office:  
L&T House, Ballard Estate,  
Mumbai 400001, India  
CIN: L72900MH1996PLC104693  
https://www.lntinfotech.com/ 
 
