 
 
 
 
           Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited 
Suite F9D, Grand Hyatt Plaza (Lobby Level),  
                      Off Western, Express Highway, Santacruz (E),  
        Mumbai - 400 055, India 
Tel: +91 22 62411031 
Fax: +91 22 62411030 
www.mahindracie.com  
mcie.investors@cie-india.com   
     
 
Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited  
CIN: L27100MH1999PLC121285 
 
 
 
 
SEC/2022/137 
 
21st October, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532756 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
 
NSE Scrip Code: MAHINDCIE 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited Q3 CY 22  Earnings Conference 
Call 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III and Regulation 46(2) the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and our letter dated 12th October, 2022 in respect of advance intimation 
for Q3 CY 22 Earnings Conference Call, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the said 
call held on 18th October, 2022. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. www.mahindracie.com.  
 
Kindly acknowledge the receipt and take the same on the records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited 
 
 
Pankaj Goyal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A 29614 
Encl: as above 
  
PANKAJ 
VIJAY GOYAL
Digitally signed by 
PANKAJ VIJAY GOYAL 
Date: 2022.10.21 
19:36:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Mahindra CIE Limited 
Q3 CY 2022 Post Results Conference Call” 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANDER ALVAREZ, CEO, MAHINDRA CIE 
                                             MR. K. JAYAPRAKASH, CFO 
                                             MR. VIKAS SINHA, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
STRATEGY 
                                             MR. OROITZ LAFUENTE, BUSINESS CONTROLLER 
MR. SWAPNIL SOUDAGAR, DGM STRATEGY  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BASUDEB BANERJEE - ICICI SECURITIES 
                                              
 
 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Mahindra CIE 
Limited Q3 CY 2022 Post Results Conference Call, hosted by ICICI 
Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI 
Securities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks to Mahindra CIE management for giving us the opportunity to 
host the call. We have with us Mr. Ander Alvarez, CEO of Mahindra 
CIE; Mr. K. Jayaprakash, CFO; Mr. Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice 
President, Strategy; Mr. Oroitz Lafuente, Business Controller; and 
Swapnil Soudagar, DGM Strategy. So over to you, Vikas, for your 
initial comments, and we'll take the call ahead accordingly. 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes. Thanks, Basudeb. Good evening, everyone, and good afternoon 
to those who are joining from Europe. I welcome you all on this call 
as also our CEO, Ander. Thank you for attending the call despite a 
relatively late starting time, especially for Asian investors. Sorry for 
the quick turnaround between results and call. We won't make this a 
practice. 
 
We start with an overview of the legal structure of MCIE. We would 
like to point out that during this quarter, CIE has bought out some of 
M&M stake in MCIE. And consequently, CIE's stake has gone up 
from 63.44% to 65.71% while that of M&M has come down to 9.25% 
as against 11.43% earlier. This move, again, reiterates CIE 
management's strong belief in the growth opportunities available in 
the Indian market and the fact that they look towards MCIE to 
continue outpacing the market. 
 
Let us now move on to Q3 C22 results for MCIE, which is on Page 7 
of our investor presentation. Q3 C 2022 sales for India were at 
INR14,294 million, which represents a 34% growth compared to Q3 
C'21 and a 12% growth sequentially versus Q2 C'22.Like the last few 
quarters, the revenue growth rates are higher than the underlying 
market growth rates. MCIE India EBITDA margin in Q3 C'22 is 15% 
despite the adverse impact of commodity prices, RM prices, as also 
an increase in the cost of energy in Maharashtra, where many of our 
plants are located. 
 
EBIT was at 11.4%, which is better than both year-on-year 10.8% 
and sequentially 11.1%. In India, the month of September has seen 
good sales across all segments, especially 4-wheelers, and we 
largely expect this trend to continue. The festival sales are also going 
well. However, historically, due to the cyclicality in the tractor 
demand, we could see a slight slowdown after the festive period in 
this segment.  
 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
On Page 8, we have the Q3 C'22 results for MCIE Europe. Sales 
were at INR11,632 million, plus 28% versus Q3 C'21 and a little 
lower versus Q2 C'22. But we have to remember that roughly 3/4 of 
August is closed in Europe. So about 20 days is not there in this 
quarter. And of course, in this quarter, there were headwinds on RM 
prices and unprecedented energy cost rise and of course, the effect 
of the usual August holidays that we talked about. And also, we 
would like to mention that in this quarter, there was a negative 
exchange rate translation impact of about 11%. So on a EUR basis, 
we have grown by 39% year-on-year. 
 
The sales drop compared to Q2 C'22 was 9%, which is explained by 
all the factors that I talked about. The EBITDA margin in MCIE 
Europe in Q3 C'22 was 10%. This margin is lower sequentially than 
Q2 C'22. Of course, some of it is attributable to the seasonal drop in 
sales explained above and also the energy price increase. 
 
We are confident that just like the energy impact in Q1 C'22, we will 
be partially able to get some of these increases through our 
customers in the coming quarters. On the demand side, even though 
the customer schedules have not decreased, it is very uncertain as to 
what impact energy prices will have in Q4 C'22 due to the Ukraine 
war situation. And now if we go to Page 9, we will see the 
consolidated Q3 C'22 results, which are a combination of the India 
and Europe results. 
 
Q3 C'22 consolidated sales were INR25,927 million, plus 31% versus 
Q3 C'21 and plus 1% versus Q2 C'22. This quarter represents one of 
the highest ever quarterly sales that we have had. And the other 
aspect that we would like to point out that now India is much higher 
than the 50% mark that we are talking about in the total consolidated 
sales in this quarter. 
 
Consolidated EBITDA margin in Q3 C'22 was 12.8%. Consolidated 
EBIT margin was 9.4%, and this consolidated EBIT margin is almost 
close to the 9.7% that we achieved in Q3 C'21 and 9.8% in Q2 C'22, 
in spite of all that is happening in Europe. 
 
Consolidated EBT in Q3 C'22 was INR2,272 million at 8.8%, which is 
higher in absolute terms than the INR1,790 million at 9% that we 
achieved in Q3 C'21. In fact, if you see, profits in absolute terms are 
increasing, Q3, C'22 consolidated EBT is 27% higher than the 
corresponding quarter last year, in spite of the margin changes. On 
Page 11, we have the 9-month C'22 results for MCIE India. Sales 
were INR39,109 million; EBITDA, 15%; EBIT 11.2%.Page 12, we 
have 9-month C'22 MCIE Europe results. Sales were INR36,871 
million. Again, India is much higher than Europe. EBITDA at 10.6% 
and EBIT at 7.5%. Consolidated 9-month sales was almost INR76 
billion. EBITDA at 12.9% and EBIT at 9.4% EBT. 
 
So we have a solid company performance, despite the complicated 
scenario in Europe. We believe geographical diversification and an 
empowered management at local levels is helping us deliver these 
results. These two factors are some of the key features of CIE's 
strategic philosophy, and we'll continue to work along these lines. So 
with that, I'll close my remarks. We wish everyone on the call a very 
happy Diwali and a prosperous New Year in advance. May the 
festival spirit uplift our industry. And let's now proceed to Q&A. 
 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have our first question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi 
from Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Firstly, can you talk about the impact of energy prices in Europe in 
this quarter and what we expect in the coming quarter? 
 
Vikas SInha:   
 
Okay. Ander? 
 
Ander Alvarez:  
Good afternoon, everybody. This is Ander Arenaza speaking. Okay. 
The energy prices during the third quarter this year were the highest 
energy prices we have ever seen, okay, even higher than the worst 
moment when the war in Ukraine started in end of February, 
beginning of March, okay. 
 
At that time, the energy, electricity price, for example, went up to 
something like EUR300 per megawatt in March 2022. And in July, 
August, we have been hitting EUR400 per megawatt, okay. That has 
been the huge peak that we have been suffering in all the European 
countries. Different in each country, but average would be like that, 
okay. Even in Germany, we were touching EUR700 per megawatt in 
certain days. 
 
This situation, of course, is not sustainable. And hopefully, the trend 
has been going down, and we have seen a pull-off of the energy 
prices during September and October, up to this EUR250, EUR300 
per megawatt, where we are now, okay. We have been dealing with 
all the customers to pass through. I mean, we have reached 
agreements with all of them to pass through partially this impact, and 
that's how we are trying to manage this situation. 
 
Of course, there is a delay in the application of these agreements. So 
you saw a certain impact on the Q3 margins, and we expect to 
recuperate, at least partially, in the next quarters. But that is the 
impact of the energy prices in Europe in all the industry. And I would 
say, in all economy, has been really, really terrible. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. But can you quantify impact in 3Q for the European 
operations? How much margins were impacted just because of the 
energy cost inflation? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay, depending on each of the technologies, we have a different 
impact. But generally, you can consider that the energy impact in 
certain products where we have the heat treatments, plus the heating 
of the forging operation could go up to more than 10% on the prices. 
This is the peak that we can have in certain products. But the real 
impact in our P&L after negotiating and after passing through can be 
approximately 1% to 2% on the results, on the markets. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. And do you also foresee a risk on continuity of 
operations because of availability of power or energy in fourth 
quarter? Or that is definitely not a concern cost is the only concern? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. In this moment, we don't see that risk or let's say that we are 
producing normally, we have availability of electricity and gas in all 
our operations in this moment. There's no signal of shortage of 
energy in our businesses. But it is true that there are some rumors 
and some comments in Europe, especially in the Northern Europe, I 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
mean Germany and Romania, let's say, all the Central Europe, 
where it could happen that there is a lack of gas available, so that the 
industry could be affected, okay. But in this moment, we don't see 
that. 
 
From the order point of view and I think from the demand point of 
view from our customers, we are now quite satisfied because the 
demand is still strong. They keep fulfilling our order book. And the 
order book is really strong in this moment. So let's see what's going 
on with the gas situation and with the negotiations with the gas 
suppliers, mainly from Russia or from the States and also from the 
Middle East. And we are waiting for the outcome of those 
agreements, okay. My view is that probably there will be a certain 
slowdown on the economy until the final solution is reached. But in 
this moment, as I mentioned, all our operations are running smoothly 
with no problems. But, okay, the risk and the uncertainty is there. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And you talked about the agreements have been reached for 
passing on this cost inflation. So would it be to a similar magnitude 
like in the recent past, where between 60% to 70% of cost inflation 
was passed through and balance was absorbed by us? Is the 
magnitude of past similar at this time as well? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes. The magnitude is similar to those you mentioned, yes. In that 
range, that is the average in the market. Yes. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And last question before I fall back in queue, is on the 
European demand side. So on one side, your OEM customers are 
indicating very strong demand. And on the other side of the outlook 
for light vehicle production, which we have given from IHS that talks 
of decline in CY'22 as well as a sub-3% CAGR over the next 3, 4 
years. So clearly, there is a dichotomy between these two. What is 
your sense with respect to what kind of a group can we expect in 
Europe, going forward? I mean I presume the chip related issues are 
largely behind us, at least from 3Q onwards. So how do you see 
growth, going forward? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. The reality is that okay, for me, it's a very complex question to 
answer because the word that I used more frequently in the Board 
that we finished some hours ago, is that the uncertainty, okay. The 
real uncertainty that we have. On one hand, we see our customers. 
They are continuing pushing us to produce and to, let's say, to launch 
the raw material orders because they will need the products, they will 
need the parts in the next months. And our order books, our EBIs are 
full and the demand is really strong. 
 
On the other hand, we also see that there is a market signs that, 
okay, there could be an energy shortage, so that could affect the 
industry. So there is a risk of that could happen. So that's where we 
are now trying to navigate, okay, in this uncertainty. My personal view 
is that the automotive industry in Europe in the last 3 years has been 
completely depressed, I mean, especially the European after the 
COVID when we were at approximately 15 million cars in Europe in 
the COVID year, in 2020. 
 
The following year due to the semiconductors, we were also at 15 
million cars. In this year, 2022, because of the war, because of the 
energy, whatever, we are again at 15 million cars. So we are in a 
depressed mode in this moment, okay. So I think we can only go up 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
and I expect to have a recovery, as IHS said in the last report, of 7%, 
8% of growth for 2023. So my expectation is that hopefully, the 
market will go up and will recuperate in the next years, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nikhil Kale from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Kale: 
Can you help us, I think in the previous quarters, you had talked 
about constant revenue growth at constant RM. So can you just help 
us with the numbers for this quarter? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes. Okay. In India, we had the raw material growth coming from the 
raw material with 6% approximately. And in Europe, 15%, okay. 
That's the figures that we had. 
 
Nikhil Kale: 
 
 
There's a difference in RM impact? Positive impact? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
That's right. Those are positive impacts because of the higher raw 
material price. Year-on-year. 
 
K. Jayaprakash: 
 
And that currency change impact also of 11% for Europe. 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes. And that's also additional impact, 11% difference. And we have 
11% negative due to the currency in Europe, yes. 
 
Nikhil Kale: 
But yes, very clearly, you are seeing really strong outperformance 
versus the industry. So just if you could just provide color, I mean, 
which segments are you seeing, especially in Europe, I mean, what 
would be the revenues of Metalcastello? I think there, we are running 
at full capacity. So maybe just some color on the PV forgings and 
also in the Truck? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes. Metalcastello is working at full rate in this moment. As we 
mentioned in the previous call, Metalcastello is doing really well and 
most of our Metalcastello production goes to the U.S. The U.S. 
market is still pushing very, very hard and we are working 24 hours, 7 
days, okay. And we are adding capacity to fulfill the demand. So in 
that sense, yes, in Europe, one of the winners is our Metalcastello 
company evolution. Regarding the passenger car forging, yes, also, 
the trend is also very strong, and we are selling at a very high rate in 
this summertime. You know that usually, in the summer, we have the 
summer holidays when our customers are stopped about 3 weeks 
completely. And this year, we were expecting probably a higher drop. 
But in fact, the demand was really strong. And you can see in the 
figures that we were about, in EUR, 39% above last year in Q3, okay. 
So, yes, the evolution is really, really strong. Part of this 39% of 
growth is coming from the raw material, as I stated before, 
approximately 15%. But we can consider that passenger car is doing 
also really well. And the commercial vehicle sector also grew and 
also show certain good performance. Probably it's more cyclical, and 
we expect certain decline in the next quarters, we could foresee that. 
But overall, I think the market continues quite strong. 
 
Nikhil Kale: 
Okay. But just coming to the CV forgings part, I think you're seeing 
really strong growth. But at the same time, we've been talking about 
scaling down that business over a medium to longer term. So how do 
both these things now kind of play out in your plans? 
 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes. The point of this business, you know that the CV forgings in 
Europe has the less profitable business that Mahindra CIE has 
worldwide. This business is poor profitability, is affected also 
negatively in really high inflation scenario and also with high raw 
material plus energy price increases. So the evolution of this 
business is more and more difficult, okay. So that's why we rather 
prefer to slow down rather than growing and having additional 
difficulty. So our strategy there is we continue trying to improve the 
business and trying to get the maximum efficiency, on one hand. On 
the other hand, of course, we have no chance than passing through 
the cost increases to the customers. In this business, we cannot 
accept 60% or 70% of because then we would be in a negative point. 
So we have no chance and be more aggressive to pass through 
these cost increases, okay. So that is the reality of this business. So 
in the future, we will have to decide what will be the strategic growth 
for this business. 
 
Nikhil Kale: 
For the time being, can we just assume maybe growth will be in line 
with how the CV industry in Europe kind of pans on, will continue to 
grow at similar levels? 
 
Swapnil Soudagar: 
 
Growth in Germany? 
 
Ander Alvarez:  
 
Yes. 
 
Swapnil Soudagar: 
 
Will it be in line with CV industry growth? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
No, probably what we will see in Germany will be lower growth than 
the market growth, okay. We will probably reduce certain products 
where we are not profitable. So we will see a certain reduction in the 
turnover. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Abdullah Salmani from 
Metaverse Equity Funds. Please go ahead. 
 
Abdullah Salmani: 
Actually, my question is related to war only. I mean, in the aftermath 
of the Ukraine war in China, how will your business strategy change 
prior to war and post? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
 
 
How has the Ukraine war changed our business strategy? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. In fact, we have not changed strongly our strategy because 
CIE's strategy has always been local-to-local supply, okay. We prefer 
to produce in America what we sell in America, produce in Europe 
what we sell in Europe and produce in Asia what we sell in Asia, 
okay. That's the strategy. So we keep this strategy. Now, also 
because of the environmental requirements and more stringent 
targets that we have, we are also trying to avoid unnecessary logistic 
cost and emissions. So in that sense, this local-to-local strategy is 
reinforced. Considering that we are a global company, and we have 
our let's say, we are positioned in all the automotive markets around 
the world, I think this is the proper approach. And that's exactly what 
we are now perceiving from our customers. 
 
Our customers, they are now more and more looking for this strategy 
that I think is more sustainable and avoid logistic costs, currency 
exchange costs or risks, emissions and also geopolitical tensions 
that, okay, time to time happen. And we know that this can disrupt 
and/or break the supply chains around the world, okay. So I think that 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
is the strategy. So we will reinforce our presence in India to grow in 
locally and to produce locally what we sell here. And also, we will 
keep the European business and the Mexican business and the 
American business there, in order to supply locally to all the markets. 
That's the strategy. There is no big changes in our view because we 
have had this strategy from the beginning. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest 
Investment Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ander, earlier, we had moved one order from Metalcastello to India 
around 5 million. So how that has gone successfully? And are we 
seeing some of these U.S. business order to Metalcastello to transfer 
into Indian manufacturing? So what is the strategy over there? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes. We have transferred part of the production from Metalcastello to 
India. And due to many different reasons, okay. First reason is that 
the final customer was located in India. So it makes sense as I told 
before, the local-to-local approach, I think it makes sense to produce 
those parts in India. And secondly, also because of the lack of 
capacity and the, let's say, the bottleneck that we have in 
Metalcastello Italy. So that also make pressure to us to move this 
production to India. So we have done this, the transfer, the transfer 
was successful. And we are producing in India with normality to the 
final customer. So also, it's important to say that we have had during 
these years, we have done the technology transfer from Italy to India. 
And now we are producing really complex parts in India, and we have 
now the knowledge. We have the machinery to produce the same 
kind of products that we produce in Italy, we can produce them also 
in India. So this process is ongoing, and it's ongoing successfully. So 
both the Gears division in both regions is doing fantastically. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
So in future, do we expect, I mean, to get more Gear business 
because the way I mean capacity constraint, we are facing in 
Metalcastello to transferring into India? And how big is the 
opportunity? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. In this moment, also in India, we have, let's say, certain 
bottlenecks because of the capacity constraints. Not exactly in this 
moment because the tractor business is now quite low, and we 
produce a lot of gears in India for the tractor business. But once the 
tractor business come up, that will come for sure. Our capacities in 
India are also limited. So our plan is to continue investing and 
growing in India, and we have our plans to expand our Gear division 
in India. And also, we have plans to build new plants to continue our 
growth trend and take the opportunities that we have in the market in 
this moment, okay. 
 
So not necessarily transferring from Metalcastello. Some of the 
products could be transferred from Italy to India if it makes sense. But 
the current market in India is giving us enough opportunities to 
continue our growth in India without the need of transferring 
production from Italy. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
And second question now, ICE to EV. So Europe and India, how are 
the things are playing out? And second thing, what we have been 
listening at some of the people, I mean power train manufacturers 
are reducing crankshaft capacity, or transferring to other products. 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
But ICE business, so how do we see gaining a market share in the 
ICE business over time? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. In Metalcastello, as we have already explained in previous 
calls, we got new businesses from electric vehicles, very large 
business that we have now, let's say, increased. I mean, we have 
been nominated for additional electric vehicle products. So we see 
the trend, clearly. And the new orders are now more and more 
coming from the EVs and the hybrid vehicles. So in that sense, in 
Metalcastello, the transition will be absolutely natural because the 
market is pushing us to that kind of components. And coming back to 
the internal, let's say, the rest of the forging, I mean our crankshaft 
business is not affected yet. I mean we are not affected until now 
because due to the mix of product that we have with a mix of 
customers, plus the market evolution, we don't see the reduction. But 
what we are now preparing ourselves is that in 4 or 5 years, we will 
probably see a decline on the demand of these kind of products, and 
we will prepare ourselves to change our product portfolio to others, 
as we mentioned also before, from chassis component and also 
aluminum forgings and all other kind of products that we are 
developing in this moment. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
So I believe that in Europe, we had started or we were to start about 
on aluminum forging factory. Where we are at this moment? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. We have had our first orders in the aluminum forgings, and we 
continue developing the technology plus the products, and we are 
working on it. I mean there is no additional information that I can 
disclose, but we continue working on it. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. On India business, any addition of new clients or any addition 
of the new business in Q3 vis-a-vis earlier quarter? And how those 
new customers, which have been added over last 12 months, is 
performing? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
Any new big orders, no. But in terms of new capacity additions, I 
think capacity additions are ongoing in almost every vertical that as 
we have reiterated in the past. You have Magnetics, where there is 
an expansion program, which will substantially increase capacity. We 
have a new plant at Gears. A new plant is being set up at AEL. All 
these are ongoing programs. You have CIE Hosur, where most of the 
infrastructure has been set up. 
 
And first order, we have started to generate revenue from that place, 
and it is now in the process of being ramped up. You had the warm 
forging plant, which has been partially set up at Chakan. We will put 
in more machines there. So the capacity addition is an ongoing 
process. In terms of order book, if there are any significant new 
orders, at this time, we don't have that, maybe we will talk about it in 
the year-end call. But we let you know about the order book or the 
new orders generated in this year during that period. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
So Vikas, my question was related to more on the new client 
acquisitions or increasing the content per vehicle from the existing 
clients? So if you can give a little more color on that side also. 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, in terms of increasing our share or having more business from 
our existing clients, that's going on. Whether it is Mahindra, as you 
know, Mahindra is going through a lot of new model launches. So we 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
are there in all of the new model launches as also the model 
launches next year in the EV space. Same case, as far as Maruti is 
concerned, and also, we have a very strong situation developing in 
Tata Motors also. So that is in the 4-wheeler segment. In the 2-
wheeler segment, we have talked about how CIE Hosur, we have 
had new orders. CIE Hosur has the new setup for new orders that we 
have got, I think, from PSA and Royal Enfield. So that is there. So we 
have like, for example, Ander talked about how he is bullish about the 
tractor segment, which will have an impact on our plants at Rajkot 
and Zaheerabad. We are receiving from the new model launches by 
Mahindra in the tractor segment. A lot of them are slated in the 
coming few years, not necessarily in the next few quarters. But they 
have a strong pipeline of there, and we will be presenting all of them. 
So to that extent, we are quite comfortable in this area. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Enrique Yaguez from 
Bestinver Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Enrique Yaguez: 
I have very general questions. The first one is regarding the 
constraints that you have in India. Do you foresee the need to 
accelerate the CapEx allocation in India next year? Or with the ramp-
up of the current investment, this will be enough to supply the 
market? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. It's true that we have in certain businesses, in certain verticals, 
we are limited and we cannot continue growing if we don't invest. But 
our investment plan is solid and it's done from, let's say, several 
years ago, okay. Even in the COVID year, 2020, last year, 2021 and 
this year, we are investing heavily to, let's say, prepare ourselves to 
cope with the demand that we foresee from the market, okay. 
 
So this year, we are investing and I can give you the figure, that's 
close to, till now, INR4 billion on CapEx. Most of it is located in India, 
and we are adding capacity, and we are adding plants in almost all 
the verticals, okay. So we continue our capacity expansion trend and 
because we needed to continue growing in the market. So we expect 
that during this year, we will have an important CapEx in India. 
 
Next year, we will have again because we think that the Indian 
market will continue growing. And also, regarding the mix of 
customers that we have, we see that, okay, we are growing a lot with 
Mahindra as it is normal. I think Mahindra is doing really well, and 
with the new products they are launching, they are having a big 
success, and I think that will be a good opportunity for us to continue 
growing. Also with Tata, also with Maruti, I think that we are well 
located to continue our growth strategy, okay. So to your question, 
yes, we have had limitations, but we are now launching additional 
CapEx, aligned with our customers, to fulfill with the demand, okay. 
So our strategy is to continue our customers as much as we can. 
 
Enrique Yaguez: 
Thank you. And the other two questions are regarding profitability in 
Europe. First one should be Q4. You mentioned that there has been 
some delays in the pass-through of energy inflation to some clients. 
So my question is, taking into consideration this pending pass-
through and the limited visibility that we have on market demand, 
should we expect a profitability improvement in Q4, taking into 
account our pending pass-through in Europe? 
 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. If the situation of the energy market is stabilized and the 
demand continues as it is now, yes, we should have this recovery, 
okay. Because we will be able to recuperate what we lost in the 
previous quarter. The point is that we don't know what will happen 
with the market in the next quarter, and we don't know what will 
happen with the energy, okay. So that's why I cannot say total yes or 
a very solid yes to your question because it will depend on how the 
energy market plus the demand behaves. But in normality, yes. If you 
recall from the previous quarters, in the Q1, we were negatively 
affected because of the start of the war in Ukraine and in February, 
March, the energy went up and we had difficulties. So we lost certain 
margins. In the Q2, we recuperate, now in the Q3 as the energy is 
picking up again, we go down again. So that's the scenario we are 
suffering, very, very complex scenario. And yes, it's really, really 
tough situation to manage with this uncertainty. But yes, I agree that 
in a normality, we should be able to recuperate part of the margins 
that we have lost in this quarter. 
 
Enrique Yaguez: 
Very clear. And the last question is around Q4. Next year, obviously, 
it's going to be a year in which the huge labor inflation in Europe 
would have to pass through to clients. How confident are you of 
being able to pass through the labor inflation in Europe, which will be 
the first time in the case we have interact this? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
It's very, very difficult question because my feeling is during the 
negotiations that we have had in this period with the customers, they 
refuse to apply any price increase due to the inflation, okay. They 
consider that they should pay the raw materials because this 
commodity is coming, and they pay the energy price. At the 
beginning they refused. But finally, they agreed, and this is generally 
agreed by all the OEMs because otherwise, they will destroy the 
supply chain. So this is clear. But the inflation, that is the complex 
thing to pass through because they consider that we should offset 
this with the efficiency gains and productivity gains internally. So if 
you want to know my request to all the teams in my businesses in 
Europe, what we have done is we have set an internal target to offset 
this inflation in labor, and we should be able to offset that impact 
through the growth in the business that are growing or through, let's 
say, social plans or, let's say, firing people in order to increase our 
efficiency to be able to keep the margins, okay. So that's the 
strategy, there is no way than resisting and improving internally to 
offset those impacts on the inflation. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nikhil Kale from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Kale: 
So just wanted to understand, so again, going back to the Europe 
performance, have we seen any benefit because, say, some 
suppliers are based out of Ukraine or Russia have been impacted? 
So are we kind of gaining market share because of this kind of an 
impact? Any examples of this? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
No, not from Russia, from Ukraine. We have not seen this impact. 
We have not been benefited from production coming from Russia or 
Ukraine. It's not the case. What we have been benefited in some 
small businesses is from some small companies that are close to 
bankruptcy because of the special situation in the European market. 
So there is a consolidation there. So yes, we expect to see certain 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
consolidation in the market because of the bankruptcy, but from 
European suppliers, not the Russians or the Ukrainian suppliers. 
 
Nikhil Kale: 
Okay. Got it. And just on the CapEx side, you, I think, mentioned that 
you're seeing really good demand in India, especially when you're 
looking at CapEx. So what is the churn I mean, the CapEx guidance 
for this year, you would need so close to the CapEx will be close to 
INR5.5 billion for the full year on a consolidated basis? 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
The CapEx in global, I think, would be about 5% of our total turnover. 
That's the figure that we manage, yes. 
 
Nikhil Kale: 
That should continue, going ahead, for the next year as that would be 
a safe assumption? 
 
Ander Alvarez:  
 
That's right. Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Siddhant Dand from 
Goodwill. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
Yes. Could you give me the German PBT number of German 
operations for 3 months for the quarter and 9 months of Mahindra 
Forgings? 
 
Vikas SInha: 
 
 
Germany and for Mahindra. PBT in Germany. Okay. Wait a moment. 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, I think we don't have it readily available, right? We will share this 
PBT numbers about the German business at the year end. But what 
we can tell you in terms of gross margin performance, it is more or 
less similar to what we have done in the earlier quarter in Q2. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
 
Okay. But EBITDA, is it at the PBT level, is it positive or negative? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, it is not negative. It will be around the 0 mark. Even last year, on 
a full year basis, it was something around that only, about PBT 0%, 
0.5%. So it will be something like that only. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
And my second question is about the debt figure. So what would be 
the gross debt figure now? And is it in India and Europe? And will 
interest rate have an impact over there? 
 
K. Jayaprakash: 
Okay, sir, if you're asking about net financial debt, we are about 
INR7.5 billion. And yes, it will have an impact because the rates have 
gone up, both in Europe and India, about 2%. But I think overall, if 
you see in our scheme of things, finance cost is not really significant. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
 
Okay. So INR7.5 billion, that is around INR750 crore, right? 
 
K. Jayaprakash: 
 
Yes, yes. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
 
And what's the rate in India, Europe about the debt? 
 
K. Jayaprakash: 
 
India would be about INR1 billion. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
 
India would about INR1 billion. So mostly, it is Europe debt? 
 
K. Jayaprakash: 
 
Yes. 
 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Swapnil Soudagar: 
Okay. If you want gross numbers, it is actually issued if you're looking 
for interest cost impact. 
 
K. Jayaprakash: 
 
Yes, okay, you can look at what we earn also. So that's yes. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
Okay. And my next question is, can India so what is the India's top 
line target by CY'25? And can the margins reach like 17%, 18%, like 
our current margin for the India business? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
 
 
Say, India, C'25. 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes, we have always had internally the target to have the same 
margins in India than in the rest of CIE, okay. So that is clear, okay. 
We don't disclose long-term target in our company. But as a strategy 
or at least our risk in MCIE, yes, we would like to be there or above, 
okay. So what we see clearly is that the growth in India will be higher 
than the rest of CIE markets, and the margins should slowly but 
steadily should be able to recuperate and to grow, to reach or, let's 
say, surpass CIE margins, yes. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
And growth. And what are the growth targets for the India business? 
Around 15%? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, no, we don't have any such target that we have set for ourselves. 
What we normally say, normally work towards is whatever is the 
weighted average market growth, we will grow maybe higher by 10% 
than that. Earlier, we used to say 5% to 10%, now it will be closer to 
10%, will be higher than the weighted average market segment. 
When I say weighted average market segment, we have a certain 
portfolio spread in India across 4-wheelers, 2-wheelers, tractors and 
trucks. So based on that weighted average, we want to beat the 
market by, say, by 10 percentage points as a general rule. 
 
Siddhant Dand: 
Okay. And about the interest cost has gone up for us. And so what 
was the cash-pulling deal that we had with CIE? Is the interest cost 
still 1.5 over there? 
 
K. Jayaprakash: 
 
It is for the time being. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ankur from Quasar 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankur: 
Sir, I had a question on growth. So considering the interest rate hikes 
worldwide and the headwinds with the auto industry is going to face 
or is facing, how do we think about growth because obviously, our 
underlying business is linked to the automotive industry? So can you 
share some thoughts on how we will grow, whether it will be purely 
organic, inorganic because organic growth, it seems to be difficult to 
come by? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, Ankur. As far as organic growth is concerned, we don't think that 
at least in India, that would be the case that we would not grow. 
Ander also mentioned that we have a lot of medium- to long-term 
expectations from the Indian market, not just in MCIE, but also our 
parent CIE has that kind of expectations. So we do expect the Indian 
automobile market to grow. Of course, there are certain headwinds 
that we know around inflation and around the geopolitical scenario 
and expectation of recession in many places in many countries. But 
nevertheless, we do believe that the Indian automobile markets in all 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
segments will keep growing. Why we say that? For example, the 
penetration ratios, both in 2-wheelers, tractors and 4-wheelers, is 
much lesser compared to the global average. In the case of 4-
wheelers, it is only 28 per thousand, which is much lower than even 
other emerging countries. 
 
In tractors, I also believe that the tractorization levels, there is a lot of 
scope for improvement in terms of horsepower per hectare. 2-
wheelers, maybe only 50% of the households in India have 2-
wheelers and 2-wheelers is a necessity. So there is enough scope for 
growth. We also think that, yes, there will be headwinds, but income 
levels will keep growing. It could be at a reduced rate compared to 
what could have been if there was no such headwinds. But 
nevertheless, it will increase. And therefore, this combination of 
demand as well as income, we do think that the medium- to long-
term, in the Indian automobile market will be good. 
 
To answer your question around Europe, I think Ander did mention 
that the European market has come down to very low levels. What 
used to be in the range of 20 million light vehicles per annum, today, 
this year is probably in the range of 15.2 million, 15.3 million. It was 
15.5 million in the year before. It was around 16 million the year 
before that in 2020. So it is already at a very low level compared to 
what it used to be. And therefore, there will be some recovery at 
some stage, even in the European market because the base levels 
are very low. So we are not ruling out organic growth at all. We are 
quite hopeful, as far as the organic growth is concerned. 
 
As far as your inorganic question, we have said that we will normally 
not want to do inorganic. We want to do any acquisition for the sake 
of growth. We want to do acquisition to fill up capability gaps in our 
portfolio, whether it will be, say, for example, any new technology or 
any new customer that we would like or any new segment that we 
could service. It would be largely for that and not necessarily to push 
growth that we would be doing an acquisition. So inorganic, we keep 
looking at it. And whenever we find something that really fits our bill, 
we will certainly go for it. But I don't think we are relying on inorganic 
strategy for growth. 
 
We do believe organic will be there that from a market perspective. 
And overall, and as we explained in the question that Siddhant had 
asked and especially in India, we do think that given our order book 
scenario, given the fact that we have been able to improve our 
efficiencies and competitiveness in the recent past, we will be able to 
grow faster than the market. We talked about a 5% to 10% or closer 
to 10% kind of figure higher than the India market growth. So not only 
do we expect the market to grow, we also expect to grow faster than 
the market in India. So that is our thinking at this point of time. 
 
Ankur: 
And sir, one more thing, like I heard about an interesting strategy with 
MCIE is following that localized manufacturing product and 
production. Like the context is that I was just thinking from a 
company operational perspective and the way inflation, the energy 
prices and all of it is hitting the manufacturing operations for each 
and every company. So considering that like aren't the customers, 
like the end OEMs, looking forward to a low-cost manufacturing base 
rather than just a localized base? Yes, maybe temporarily, till the 
time, there are logistical issues or any of those sort of issues, it is 
understandable. But let's say, in the medium term to long term, 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
wouldn't these big OEMs think about rationalizing their cost 
structures and shifting their supply chain, maybe a more diversified 
supply chain, but to a lower cost of plant like the base which we have 
in India? So like can you share some thoughts on that? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
When we say it is CIE's stated strategy, as far as local-for-local is 
concerned. By and large, it would continue like that. Yes, you are 
right. There will obviously be a quest to look for lower-cost sources of 
manufacturing. And this has to be balanced with all the logistical risks 
that companies have faced in the recent past, whether it was due to 
COVID or due to the semiconductor issues that people were facing or 
even to the shipping cost situation that happened last year, like there 
was a container shortage so all these things have to be balanced 
together. So there is a need for low-cost manufacturing, and then 
there is a need for this balancing of supply chain. 
 
So when it is centered local-for-local, it does not mean local means 
Maharashtra for Maharashtra or something or just only India for India. 
By and large, that would be the case. But as low-cost markets, 
wherever we have opportunities to export, we will export. So it is not 
as or like whether this China Plus One strategy. Are we benefiting? 
Yes, in areas like Gears, in areas like Magnetics, we gain from this 
kind of situation. So both the things are correct. So what you are 
saying is also right. Wherever we see an opportunity, we'll take care 
of it. But by and large, OEMs now try to balance their supply chain 
risk, and that is the reason why CIE has that strategy. 
 
Ankur: 
Okay. So can you just quantify the amount of exports from India, like 
a percentage of sales from India? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
Roughly about 12% to 13%. And we have said in the past that we 
would like to increase this. About 2 years back, I think if you go back 
to our transcripts, we had mentioned that we want to take it up to 
20% but after that, there has been a very strong domestic demand. 
You heard like how we are increasing capacity in each of our 
verticals, a lot of it. And a large part of it is to service the demand 
from our customers in India. So to that extent, our first priority is 
definitely to service our existing customers. So yes, we do have at 
the back of the mind but back of our mind. But at this point of time, 
our first priority is to fulfill the demands of our order book essentially 
that we already have. 
 
Ankur: 
Okay. Just one more like one more point, it is just coming from a 
perspective that there is one of the portfolio coming like, let's say, 
that of ZF commercial steering, okay. So let's say, this particular 
company, it is manufacturing certain parts in India, okay. And it is 
supplying to some of the supply chain worldwide. So like from a CIE 
perspective, is CIE looking at their supply chains from a synergy 
point of view that, let's say, there is a particular part which we are 
able to source it well from India in a better way or let's say, they are 
able to source it better from Italy unit in a better way. So like I just 
wanted to know that are we using the global platform base and the 
global manufacturing platform base to actually benefit from this 
benefit in terms of many things like cost and other things? So are we 
open to do that because the local-to-local, it seems like especially if I 
think from a medium- to long-term perspective, it seems pretty 
tough? 
 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Ander Alvarez: 
Okay. The local-to-local strategy is a general strategy, okay. It 
doesn't mean that the 100% of the production will be local to local. 
There will be a percentage that for sure, for cost reasons, for 
synergies, even for technological reasons, could make sense that we 
could concentrate in the production of one component in one region 
and then export from there, okay. And in that sense, India, of course, 
is well located because the cost base is much more competitive than 
the rest of the regions. So yes, we can see what you proposed or you 
mentioned, depending on each product. As a general rule, we prefer 
to go local-to-local but in certain cases, of course, we will produce in 
India, and we will export, okay. And especially, for example, in certain 
technologies that our level in CIE in India, we will produce for sure in 
India and deliver to the rest of the countries, okay. 
 
So let's say that we have a very open mindset on this. We set our 
general strategies. And what is true is that Vikas explained before, 
saying that we were planning 2, 3 years ago that our export rate 
should grow importantly and pass from this 12% to 20%, even 
25%.In this moment, we think that this is not the right strategy 
because first, the local market is demanding more than enough in 
India. So we are struggling to supply to the current customers here in 
India. So that is the good thing. 
 
And secondly, the logistic cost has gone up dramatically. Also, not 
only the cost because the availability in certain moments, we were 
not able to find ships to deliver our product. And also, there is a big 
pressure especially in the European and American customers to 
reduce the CO2, the carbon footprint. 
 
So let's say, considering all these things, I think we will focus our 
efforts on locating the production in each of the regions. And of 
course, if there is an opportunity and there is a need and there is a 
certain product that makes sense to produce an export, we will do it 
for sure. 
 
Ankur: 
And sir, just the last question. Sir, I was just going through the annual 
report, and there was a very interesting data point, which I found that 
currently, the incremental vehicle sold are more of a hybrid vehicle 
than a pure battery-operated electric vehicle, okay. So can you just 
share your viewpoint on the trends and the way your customers are 
perceiving their strategies? Like are they perceiving like are they 
forcing their strategies from a very open perspective and they are 
letting the market discover or they are particularly saying that hybrid 
vehicles is going to take the lead? Can you just throw some points 
because this is important because it is also written in the annual 
report that if it is a hybrid vehicle, the content per vehicle for 
Mahindra CIE increases? 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
 
 
You're talking about Europe, I guess? 
 
Ankur:  
 
 
Yes, Europe. 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
So Europe, that trend remains the same. Battery electric vehicles 
even in this quarter or YTD this year up till September are about 10% 
and hybrid at around 20%. Overall, between petrol and diesel, they 
are close to 50%, 55-odd percentage. Now, whether it is deliberate 
strategy or that is the way the market is evolving. So at this stage, it 
is very hard to say whether it is because the OEMs are pushing or 
the market is evolving. What we think based on last year's 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
aggressive plan that the European Union had announced on that 
55% reduction in emissions, we do think that by 2030, about half of 
all the vehicles sold in Europe would be pure battery electric vehicles, 
but that's 2030. So that's the expectation, based on whatever like, for 
example, IHS is telling us based on this new revised guidelines that 
the European Union has issued. 
 
Earlier, of course, this number was 30%, pure battery electric 
vehicles, by 2030. It has gone up to 50%. How between now and 
then how this mix changes, et cetera, we'll have to see whether it will 
be hybrid or only pure battery electric vehicles. It’s based on many 
things. There is charging infrastructure. That is the way people drive 
long distance, short distance, the inflation considerations, the 
subsidies that the government give. So there are a lot of variables. 
So exactly between BEVs and hybrids, how is it going to be? We 
really don't know. But to your point, in the medium-term, do we 
perceive that it could be advantageous for MCIE? The answer is yes, 
not just from a hybrid point of view, but also from the traditional 
powertrain. The traditional powertrain is still a large part. As I said, 
almost 50%, even if it comes down to 30%, 30% of, say, a 16 million, 
18 million market is a huge number. 
 
And not much investment is going in into the conventional or the 
traditional powertrain component manufacturing. So to that extent, 
opportunity lies there also. So in the medium-term, actually, there is a 
lot of opportunity, not just risk, to look forward to in this transition. But 
to answer your original question, it is very hard to say whether the 
OEMs are pushing this or it is evolving. I guess I'll request Ander also 
to add his views on to this. 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
No, I agree Vikas I mean I think the hybrid vehicles are, let's say, the 
best solution for Mahindra CIE because the amount of components is 
higher. So we have both electric components plus the internal 
combustion engine components. 
 
But I see the hybrid solution as a temporary solution, okay. So it's the 
bridge. The hybrid will give the bridge to the electric vehicle, to the 
pure electric vehicle in the future. So I think it's a necessary step. It 
will be used and it will be probably massive in the next 4, 5 years. 
And then once all the charging infrastructure is already set, then 
there will be the smooth transition to the pure electric vehicles, okay. 
So that's my view. So I think there will be growth on the hybrids. And 
then the growth up from, let's say, 2030, 2032, then we will see a 
pure battery growth importantly. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management team for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes. Thank you. Thanks for your time. I'll request Ander for the 
closing remarks. 
 
Ander Alvarez: 
So thank you to all the participants for the well-directed and clever 
questions that you did. I hope that we answered properly and you 
have now the better knowledge of our company. 
 
As always, I would like to say thank you to all Mahindra CIE team 
that has been working in a very hard and difficult conditions during all 
these months. And I thank you for the effort, their commitment and 
their work, okay. And finally, I just wanted to say to have a nice, 

 
Mahindra CIE Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Happy Diwali festival and enjoy with your families and rest because I 
think we will have after the festive season, we will have to fight again 
in this complex market. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
Note: This statement has been edited to ensure quality 
