BAJAJ 
Bajaj Auto Limited, 
Akurdi, Pune 411 035, India. 
Tel +91 20 27472851 
Fax +91 20 27473398 
bajajauto.com 
20 October 2022 
To 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Tower 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Code: 532977 
To 
Corporate Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C-1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Sandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Code: BAJAJ-AUTO 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Company's 02- FY23 
results 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the conference call held on 14 October 2022 
in respect of the Company's Q2-FY23 results. 
The transcript will also be hosted on the Company's website at 
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/financial-and-operational-performance 
Kindly take this on record. 
Thanking you, 
· Yours faithfully, 
For Bajaj Auto Limited 
Dr. J Sridhar 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
Registered Office Akurdi Pune 411035 India 
CIN L65993PN2007PLC130076 
SRIDHAR 
JAYARAMAN
Digitally signed by 
SRIDHAR 
JAYARAMAN 
Date: 2022.10.20 
17:37:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Auto Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Results Conference Call” 
October 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH SHARMA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 
MR. DINESH THAPAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 
MR. ANAND NEWAR - HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 FY 2023 Results Conference Call of Bajaj 
Auto Limited. My name is Yashashri, and I will be your coordinator. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the initial remarks from management. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand 
Newar, Head, Investor Relations from Bajaj Auto Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Anand Newar: 
Thanks, Yashashri. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Bajaj Auto's Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. On today's call, we have with us Mr. Rakesh Sharma, Executive Director; and 
Mr. Dinesh Thapar, Chief Financial Officer. We will begin our call with opening remarks from 
Rakesh from the business and operational performance of the quarter and Dinesh will take you 
through the financial highlights. We will then open the forum for Q&A. 
 
Over to you, Rakesh. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Anand and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very, very much for 
taking the time to join us for the call on a Friday evening. Our results were announced a couple 
of hours back, and I hope you've had a chance to produce them. We wanted this conversation to 
be fresh and not stand by Monday hence this late call, but we'll try to close the call by 7:00 p.m. 
so that you can head out for your weekend. 
Let me begin with the highlights of our performance in Quarter 2. Quarter 2 was an outstanding 
quarter with record breaking top line and bottom-line outcomes. As you know, there have been 
serious macroeconomic issues overseas and also supply chain challenges, so this performance 
in Quarter 2 yet again demonstrates the resilience of Bajaj Auto, arising out of our well-
diversified portfolio, robust operational management and a strong competitive position in most 
key segments in India and overseas. 
The main story in the quarter was the -- finally, the restoration of ECU supplies to industry 
normal levels. As you know, our substantive R&D and supply chain effort has been made in the 
last 5 months to broad-based vendors for critical components and reduce dependencies. This 
project was completed, resulting in resumption of supplies to now almost 98% levels. There are 
still some remnant issues in the top-end models and some 3-wheelers, but we will also get 
resolved within October. 
Now coming to the commentary on our main business units, exports. The key issue in Quarter 2 
was a dramatic downturn in several overseas markets, which, as you know, are mostly emerging 
market economies. While the motorcycle industry's pace of growth has slowed down in Q1, but 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
in Q2, there was a dramatic double-digit fall in retail compared to the same period last year. Of 
course, these signs were visible by end of Q1. The root cause of this downturn has been a sharp 
appreciation of the US dollar causing two impacts, severe double-digit devaluation in most 
currencies leading to an increase in retail pricing in these markets. 
And secondly, extremely poor availability of the US dollar for trade. The combination of these 
2 phenomena resulted in a form of exports. ASEAN strength and the impact was not so severe 
in LATAM as it was in South Asia, Middle East and mainly Africa. 
Now recognizing the imminent fall in retails around April, May, as a prudent measure, we cut 
our exports to bring distributor stock and their exposure down to manageable levels. We have 
taken the bigger hit on a YTD basis, which is H1, our shipments and retail are now well matched, 
which means that in the last couple of months, our shipments have been lower than what retails 
we have been experiencing. Now having said this, we are seeing some recovery in retail in both 
August and September after the low, low point in July. 
Hopefully, this will continue and enable us to set up Q3 in exports to be better than Q2. On the 
positive side, we witnessed a strong show by ASEAN with Philippines industry reviving back 
to pre-COVID levels and Bajaj Auto registering its highest ever sales in Q2 to emerge as a clear 
leader in this very important ASEAN market. 
Secondly, at a global level, the sports motorcycles brands, Pulsar and Dominar increased their 
contribution in the portfolio of exports to 21% and the combined market share has also increased 
beyond 40% level, making us an undisputed leader in the sports category across all the emerging 
markets of LATAM, ASEAN and Africa, but Africa sports market is small. 
Both Pulsar and Dominar offered very good opportunities for Bajaj Auto to grow share, grow 
category, particularly the 250cc category and thereby deepen brand strength and improve 
profitability. Thirdly, the rupee realization at almost INR 80 per dollar, which is a 3% 
improvement sequentially is directly adding to our bottom line. 
Coming to domestic motorcycles. With the easing of supply chain constraints, volumes almost 
doubled sequentially to over 620,000 units in Quarter 2, therefore, building back our inventory 
across channels ahead of the festive and actually just in time for the festive. We have entered the 
festive with about 5 weeks of stock, which is quite adequate to ensure the surge in demand during 
festive days is matched by tops on the ground at every primary and secondary store. 
Moreover, and more importantly, by end September, the retail market share has been almost 
restored to the levels we enjoyed before the supply chain disruption. the motorcycle industry 
appears to be bottoming out of the negative performance zone. On a retail basis, motorcycles 
declined by about 5% in FY '22 and grew by 50% in Q1, but that is because of the base effect of 
COVID impacted Q1 in FY '22. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
In Q2, while the retail still shows a decline of 6% for the industry, recent most retail data appears 
to suggest that we can expect growth albeit small single-digit growth in the industry, aided by 
the festive season. The overall industry performance is the consequence of 2 very distinct and 
opposite trends. While the entry commuter, which is largely the cheaper 100cc bikes is declining 
quite sharply and particularly in the rural areas, the 125cc plus segment is growing. 
Consequently, since FY '20, the industry has reshaped itself towards this segment, and it now 
constitutes almost 50% of the industry, while it was just about 42%, 43% only 2 years ago and 
40% 3 years ago. For Bajaj Auto, 60% of our portfolio as compared to industry at 50% - 60% 
of our portfolio in Q2 was 125cc plus segment as compared to only 46% in FY '20. This is a key 
driver for improved profitability and a superior competitive position. 
We have made 2 important launches in quarter 2, the all Black dual-channel ABS Pulsar N160 
and the CT 125 as well as a refresh of the Pulsar 125 being rolled out as we speak. We are 
delighted with the acceptance of the new Pulsar platform. While it commenced last year with 
the launch of the 250, the more mass appealing N160 was flowed down across the country to an 
outstanding reception clearly demonstrating a gain of market share, particularly in those states 
where we have launched it early. 
Combined with better supply, this has already helped us gain substantial market share across the 
country now. This platform - the new Pulsar platform will be expanded further in the coming 
quarters, thus, completely and substantively upgrading the Pulsar portfolio. The CT 125 was 
also launched as an entry 125cc bike with the differentiated proposition of durability - ‘Har 
Sadak pe Kadak’. Retail of CT 125 are showing weak-on-weak growth too, but it is early days. 
We are happy with the initial results. 
We will continue to direct our innovation energy to the 125cc plus segment, which appears to 
be enjoying tailwinds and growing faster than the overall industry. And this will help us improve 
both the profitability profile of the domestic motorcycle business unit as well as the market share. 
A quick comment on the festive season underway. It has been a bit up and down so far. But 
overall, we expect the industry to come through with single-digit growth, and we expect to be in 
line with the industry. But ahead of it, in the 125cc plus segment. 
Coming to commercial vehicles. As with motorcycle, we saw a ramp-up in volumes on the back 
of improved supply with our dealer inventory being restored back to previous levels. We 
continue to see signs of recovery as the industry is now back to 54% levels of pre-COVID era. 
Against this backdrop, by retail have improved to 65% of pre-COVID levels in Q2. With this, 
our market share is a solid all-time high of 72%. 
One of the biggest catalysts to this outstanding performance is the continuous rollout of the CNG 
network by the government and our company's ability to capitalize on this opportunity. The 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
industry has reached its highest-ever CNG penetration levels to 67% with our market share in 
CNG-based products, which is almost 80% in Q2. We expect industry to keep recovering though 
at a slow pace as it will be driven by the ability of drivers to improve earnings through better 
ticket prices to mitigate the higher TCOs, which will then make new purchase attractive.  
Trials of the electric 3-wheelers are continuing in different markets. The rate of adoption of EV 
autos has been very slow, as the commercial segment has very stringent requirements of 
performance. Our extensive trials are going to ensure a robust product proposition which 
hopefully will accelerate the adoption of EV autos when they are launched in the next few 
months. 
Our electric scooter Chetak volumes grew by over 50% from about 6,200 units in Q1 to almost 
10,000 units in Q2. We have gradually increased our presence in our 40 cities across the country. 
We are also working towards expanding the EV portfolio to cover different emerging segments 
and geographies. Supply chain visibility is much better, and we expect Q3 to be a lot better than 
Q2. Going forward, at a company level, we expect to hold this performance, and we have a few 
initiatives in play, and we will be actively seeking to actually improve on it. 
Now let me hand over the call to our CFO, Dinesh Thapar for his commentary. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Thank you, Rakesh. Good evening to all of you and thank you for joining us on a Friday evening 
at this half of this call. At the outset, let me emphasize that in the 2 quarters that I've been with 
the business, it's proven 1 thing about Bajaj Auto, and that's -- this company has a well-balanced 
and diversified business and arguably better than many others, which has allowed us to absorb 
shocks and still deliver a resilient performance in the aggregate through these challenging times. 
 
Now the quarter in discussion really has had 2 more events. I think first, we had supplies from 
the new vendor. You recall that we've spoken about this when we were talking in July that we 
had developed new supply sources, and that's coming very handy for the business. That kicked 
in and allowed us to really build channel inventory that's significantly depleted and hit a low in 
the month of May. And so therefore, ahead of festive season, we think we are well placed with 
the channel inventory that's built back to levels that Rakesh just spoken to you about. 
 
 
And secondly, I think the other development, which is more in the context of our financial results 
was a very weak macroeconomic environment in our export geographies that have dampened 
our export volumes. And then both events have had a material impact on our results, what was 
very reassuring is that the outcome has turned out to be a record quarter for Bajaj Auto with all-
time high top line and bottom line. 
 
Now, talking about the specifics of our financials. Our top line crossed the very important 
milestone of INR 10,000 crores in a quarter for the first time. This is the very first time Bajaj 
Auto has reported that number. Our revenue from operations came in at INR 10,203 crores, 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
which is up 16% year-on-year and 27% over the previous quarter. This was primarily led by 
improved volumes, which was up 23% sequentially on the back of improved supplies from the 
new vendor source that has come in and also was aided by very judicious pricing that we've 
taken, particularly at the start of the last quarter and better dollar realizations as the quarter 
passed by.  
 
Our EBITDA came in at a very strong INR 1,759 crores, up 26% year-on-year and 36% over 
previous quarter. Our operating margins expanded about 100 bps sequentially. And I'd say it’s 
tad better than our initial calculations. When we spoke last quarter, we had anticipated material 
cost to inflate at anywhere between 1%, 1.5%, primarily led by imports, which were indexed to 
the energy basket. You will recall I had made this comment and said that when you look at our 
commodities on our input cost, you've got to look at the prism of 2 real baskets, the metals 
complex and the energy complex. And of course, in that context, as I mentioned, that we were 
likely to see some inflation in the current quarter. 
 
What we also said was in keeping with the trend of pricing that in recent quarters, we had hoped 
to cover about two-third of that cost inflation through pricing. Now that is how we had 
anticipated it as we got into the quarter. But looking back as the quarter has progressed, we've 
seen further signs of metals, particularly the aluminum and little bit of alloys, which has softened 
even further and some of the other material groups have come off as well. 
 
This essentially has meant that material inflation in actual came in at the lower band of the range 
that we had put out. And the impact of this was almost entirely neutralized by the pricing that 
we have taken out early in the quarter. So, the 2 were in essence, balanced out as you look at the 
margin numbers. And therefore, with price versus cost being neutral and operating leverage on 
the back of higher revenues making up for a little bit of the adverse mix that we saw, the 
improved dollar realization has meant that, that flew straight into margins. 
 
Our foreign exchange realization for the quarter came in at 79.8 versus 77.4 in the previous 
quarter and 74.6 in the same period last year. On balance sheet and because we are publishing a 
6-month balance sheet as required by regulation, we continue to maintain a very strong track 
record of cash generation. We've added about INR 2,500 crores of cash from operations in the 
first half of this year. And at the end of the quarter, our surplus cash stood at about INR 15,500 
crores. And this most notably was after paying out about INR 7,000 crores by way of dividends 
and buyback. 
 
I'd like to reiterate that we think our balance sheet continues to remain very healthy and offers 
us enough headroom and flexibility to invest sufficiently in capabilities and growth opportunities 
looking ahead. 
Now as we look up to the next quarter, the focus will clearly be to build volume-led revenue 
momentum with a very strong emphasis on market share gains and really underpinned by the 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
work that we continue to do to drive our supply security. That's an agenda, which has made very 
short footed and steady progress. And there's still some amount of work to be done, but we are 
making very, very definitive progress on that count. 
In particular, what we're also doing is to watch very closely with developments in some of our 
large export markets. And while each of us may have views on how that will pan out and how 
the macroeconomic situation will unfold, our intent is to stay very focused on taking decisive 
actions to drive our business and our competitiveness across these geographies. 
So, on the domestic front, the priority very clearly remains strong execution and impactful 
activation through the rest of season now that we have our dealerships well stock up. 
On margins, the softening commodity costs came progressively through the last quarter and as 
we currently see it, particularly a further easing of the metals complex presents a welcome respite 
after many quarters of inflation and should be bit of a tailwind as we look ahead. The rupee 
continues to depreciate and is now over INR 82 to a dollar and this should really help the case 
for better realizations and margins. 
Before we move into Q&A, let me update you once again on our disclosure relating to our 
consolidated financials, and I'll talk very briefly about the buyback as well. So, if you recall in 
the last quarter, I had made a specific point on our consolidated financial statements and the line 
that we consolidate, which is share of profit from our associates and joint ventures. That's the 1 
line I'd like to draw your attention to. 
I had mentioned that -- Pierer Bajaj or PBAG which is where we have an indirect holding through 
our wholly owned subsidiary, BAIHBV was not able to share its quarterly financials with us, 
and they were only to be sharing it on a six monthly basis, given that they were covered by a 
regulatory market context, which allows only for publication of financial results at a half yearly 
rest and are not quarterly rest. 
As a result of which, when we consolidate our results the last quarter, we did not have any profit 
that we built into our consolidated financial statements for PBAG. And, therefore, that line was 
a zero, if you look back to it in the first quarter. This quarter having received the published 
financials from PBAG because PMAG or the listed entity out there was able to publish it. We 
have now consolidated 6 months of profit into this quarter's financials. So, when you look at that 
line on share of profit from associates and joint ventures, you will fundamentally see a number 
which represents 6 months of the consolidated profit of that entity.  
On a full year basis, this will not have any impact. But on a quarterly basis, there are likely to 
be skewed. So just to make the point once again and get this out of the way. In the first quarter, 
which is quarter ending June, and the quarter ending December, we will not have financial results 
from that entity and therefore, will not be consolidating it. For the quarter ending September and 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
the quarter ending March, because we will have 6 monthly results from that entity. We will be 
consolidating 6 months into those respective quarters. 
On buyback, we closed this earlier this week on 10th of October, and well ahead of the 6 months 
stipulated time period that we had. So, we took essentially 3 months in completing it. We have 
mopped up over 64 lakh shares during this period of time. The initial number that was envisaged 
was 54 lakhs. We've been able to mop up 64 lakhs in the 3 months that we've been in a market 
which is fundamentally covering the full INR 2,500 crores that we have to set aside for the 
buyback. 
We've also issued our post buyback public announcement in today’s newspapers. It appears in 
the Financial Express, the Jansatta and the Loksatta, and I'm sure many of you would have 
already cited that. The announcement laid down the contours of the executed buyback along 
with the revised capital structure. 
With this, let me hand the session back to Anand and then open it up for Q&A. Anand, over to 
you. 
Anand Newar: 
Yes, Yashashri. We can open the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question, may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assemble. We have our first question from the line of Amyn Pirani from 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes. Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. My question was on the fact that you mentioned that both commodities and currency 
will potentially be a tailwind for you. And given that now the focus will be on volume growth 
and market share, how should we think about you wanting to invest some of these tailwinds back 
into the business to grow volume and market share and hence, the revenue and the margin and 
the growth, how should it pan out? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Thanks, Amyn. The thrust for volume and market share continues. I'm not saying it is completely 
delinked from whatever opportunities are getting created by commodities and exchange 
realization. But it is not our automatic choice to pass these on. We will be very selective. We 
have a very good understanding of those product market segments where we believe that we 
need to deploy pricing as a strategy or promotions as a strategy, and we will use these 
opportunities over there. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
But there are many segments where we think we need to attack these through product solutions, 
through distribution solutions, etc. That is an exercise which continues irrespective of whether 
these tailwinds are there or not there because we are thrusting forward to continuously expand 
our footprint. But yes, we know that we have this kind of leeway and if a product market segment 
requires it, then we will not hesitate to use some of these. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Sure. Thanks. And if I can just squeeze in a book-keeping question. Your other operating income 
was quite strong in this quarter despite the fact that export volumes were lower. And I understand 
that a large part of this is the export incentive. So, if you can help us understand as to what's 
happening in that number? Is there something that we should take into cognizant? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Amyn, you're right. So, the benefit is coming out from export incentives. There's a way which 
is it is accounted for. And so, some of the export incentives that we receive are also sold out or 
traded. And so, we, therefore, had a better realization on those scripts in the course of the current 
quarter. So, I think the bump up that you're seeing in the other operational income is coming in 
on the incentives, but the way it gets accounted for and the way it gets realized is slightly 
different, and that can be phased off over time. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. I'll come back in the queue. Thanks for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. Mr. Kapil Singh, please proceed with your question. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. Thank you very much. Sir, thanks a lot for very detailed commentary. That's quite helpful. 
I had a couple of questions. So firstly, on the export market. Could you share what is your 
outlook for the export volumes? And also, what is likely to happen in terms of export pricing? 
Are you likely to retain those benefits? Because you mentioned that some of the currencies in 
those countries are also depreciating quite rapidly. So, given your experience of last many years, 
how do you foresee that? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. So, Kapil, as I had mentioned that we expect quarter 3 in exports to be better than Quarter 
2. While I would not specify a precise number. Because it's very difficult to do so given the 
circumstances. But why I'm saying that it should be better, other things remaining the same, is 
because in Q2, we had taken the hit of adjusting the stock in the channel. You see that there is 
almost 3 months to 4 months of stock in the case of overseas markets, which is either under 
shipment, on water or in the plants of the distributor. 
When there is dramatic fall in retail, there is a sort of a bullwhip effect with cascade right down 
the supply chain. Because before the distributor knows well a couple of months’ worth of 
previously high retail-oriented stocks hitting in. So, we have to adjust for those. That adjustment 
is now got completed in Quarter 2. That's why I said that our shipments were lower than the 
retail which we were expecting in the market.  

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
So now going forward, we expect to go up and down with the markets, which are showing some 
signs of improvement. Now using price as a means of dealing with the macroeconomic issues is 
not justified. I mean, if the currency has got devalued by 20%, I cannot do anything about it. 
Even if I shave off a few percentages from our higher margins because of better realization it’s 
not going to make a difference. The macroeconomic led issues have to be digested over the 
period of time. As you know, we have been in the game for many years now and even more 
serious devaluation has been weathered by the company. International business is not for the 
faint hearted. Argentina, Egypt and all have experienced serious devaluations, and there's a 
mechanism in the company, which comes into play. But by shaving off the price, we can deal 
with this massive devaluation, so that's not the way we are going to approach it. But yes, there's 
an intrinsically – there’s a competitive issue or there is some promotion which needs to be done 
to build awareness, we will not hesitate to do that. So, I don't expect the realizations to be used 
for reducing prices so that we can offset the devaluation impact in the destination markets. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. Thank you very much. And secondly, I wanted to check you mentioned tailwinds on 
commodities. Could you quantify how much tailwinds are we expecting on the commodity front 
in some range and price increases that we have taken? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So, Kapil, I will desist from a quantification of the state only because we are on a cusp of a 
change. And so, the last time when I did mention that there was inflation, I gave you a sense of 
it was coming from the energy complex which might have been slightly contrary from what we 
expected because I thought the view was that people were assuming that the metals complex 
was softening. But this time around, I'm giving you a sense that what we're seeing is there's a 
deflation that is likely happening. And even that seems to be happening across the board, led by 
the metals complex. I think the only exception that we're seeing is really on a few areas like 
electricals, plastics, polypropylene and maybe rubber as some material groups, which are 
showing an inflationary trend, but for the most part, the rest of the commodity basket seems to 
be easing out. I wouldn't put a number to it at the moment only because some of these are still 
work in progress in terms of how we're seeing the negotiations come through. But the direction 
of trend, like I said, is one of an easing. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. And pricing? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
On pricing, I think at this stage, given the commodity context, I don't think we need to price out 
to recover cost of that count. But if there are opportunities on pricing, where we can think that 
there is still a market opportunity in that space, maybe but at the moment, no. No need for us to 
price out for cost recovery. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator:  
Mr. Singh, I’m sorry, you were not audible. Your voice is breaking, sir. We'll move on to the 
next question from Mr. Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. And congratulations on a great financial result. Before I move 
to the question, just a clarification on the other operating income. You did mention that there 
was a slight change in accounting and the slight lift which came because of the fact. So, if you 
can just help us understand what should be the normalized other operating income as a 
percentage of revenues or other way is like what are the kind of additional benefit which you 
had in the quarterly press on account of that? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
There isn’t a change in accounting. It is the way it is accounted for. So, when you make an export 
in the yesteryear that used to be MEIS scripts that used to get us an incentive, you now get got 
RoDTeP. You could either use this for your own imports or technically, you could sell them out. 
When you sell it out so there is a such realization that realization percentage has accounted for 
quarter-by-quarter depending on what the market prevailing rate is.  
That market was a subdued market in the past. Those realizations have improved, right? And 
duration that we've had on our scripts and their expiry. We have liquidated advance of those 
scripts in the current quarter at a realization that was higher than what it was in the preceding 
quarter. And that led to a higher other operational income. That's one factor.  
The other factor is also incentives, which is fundamentally the PSI. And you recall when we've 
spoken about the year-end results, we had called out the PSI booking at that point of time because 
we had accrued for the full year of last year's PSI in the last quarter. Currently, we're now doing 
it month-after-month, and that number has stepped up in the current quarter relative to the last 
quarter, and it did not have a base in the same quarter of last year. So, these two are the 
incremental impacts of what has flown into the other operational income in the current quarter. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And Dinesh, just to make this easy to model in. Normally, what's a good thumb rule in terms of 
as a percentage of export revenues that they should use this as a benchmark? And on that note, 
if you can share what is the current quarter export revenue in rupee terms for you? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Our export revenues is about INR 3,800 crores. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
On a thumb rule, I don't think I can give you a number at this point in time. But the RoDTeP 
entitlement, clearly, you're aware is of about 2%. And then, of course, it layers on with all the 
other incentives that we might have. And this whole host of stuff that gets booked. At some point 
of time, believe you can take the question offline with Anand, but there is stuff which goes into 
scrap sales on various counts, various recoveries that happened. So, some of those can be a bit 
lumpy, but the largest chunk in this line, is fundamentally incentives that come in from exports, 
some royalty that we receive on sales of oil and fundamentally incentives that the government 
announces for manufacturing. So, there are three big counts, which are out rolled 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks for that Dinesh. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Steps in this time is the improved realization on a sizable chunk of MEIS script’s that we have 
sold that were nearing expiry and got realized in the current quarter. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks for that Dinesh. Rakesh, the question is on the domestic market share situation because 
-- if you look at the October print, we are running at about 9.5% on average and even September 
was not a great month in terms of retail market share. And this is despite the supply situation, as 
you stated, has improved meaningfully for you on the semiconductor side. So, if you can just 
help us understand what kind of -- because historically, we've seen when you come below 10%, 
it's not a great -- it's not a healthy market share to be at right. Because it causes a lot of trouble 
for the dealers and on the viability side. 
So how should one look at market share levels which you would like to regain in the domestic 
market? And what could be the implications of that on the margin because, as I said, there will 
be – there has to be a trade-off between the two. So how are you thinking about it? And why I'm 
kind of probing on this is because in the past, we've done our product intervention in terms of 
bringing in CT100 and repositioning CT100 to a lower price level. But we've done all of that. 
So how do we see the market share going forward? And what according to you will drive a 
comeback on the market share side? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Okay. so, I'm not in sync with the numbers you are quoting. And I think possibly the reason is 
you're probably looking at the two-wheeler market. We don't look at the two-wheeler market 
because we are not addressing scooters or, let me say, high scooters and mopeds, right? We are 
focused on the motorcycle segment. That's point number one. Point number two is that we are 
looking at market share, while we are talking to you, the media or within our own company in 
our reviews, not based on our shipments to the dealer but based on registration, which almost 
80% to 90%, you get with good accuracy from the VAHAN database. 
So, when I look at these two, the motorcycle market share and the VAHAN through retail data. 
We were at about 19% in FY'22. And that already by March, we had started to face some 
shortages because of ECU dependencies, which was more particular to Bajaj Auto, we have 
talked about this quite transparently previously. While the overall industry is going up and down 
with these semiconductor shortage, Bajaj Auto, in particular, faced a little bit more than the 
industry, not a little bit or quite a bit more than the industry because of our single source 
dependencies.  
Now, these were corrected in the period of March to August. But because our supply fell 
dramatically, as you know, in quarter one, we also lost retail market share, and it has committed 
to about 14% to 15% during the quarter, which, of course, was causing us concern. But if you 
look at the VAHAN data for September, which is the first full month of having supply, our retail 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
market share has climbed back to 18%. So, we're still on the 19%, which was there at the onset 
of the supply chain disruption. 
But my folks are telling me that if you look at second half September and you look at first half 
October, already we are touching those levels. And hopefully, with the tailwind behind the 125cc 
and above segments, in which we are growing much faster than the industry, we will see this 
market share increase coming up. I wanted to address the second part of your question, which 
was you were talking about CT100 and all that. So, our approach is that we are not chasing 
market share at the expense of the profitability. So, we are not shaving up. And the only 
exception we make today is when we don't have a product solution, then we create a bridge. We 
have seen that we were very early to stop the 125cc trend, almost 18 months, 20 months back, 
but we didn't have a product. So, we've taken 1 of our lower SKUs, lower cost SKUs and Pulsar 
150 and priced it at almost about 125 level, which bought us some time in terms of giving us 
play in the 125cc segment, while product development was going on. 
As soon as the Pulsar 125 is ready, we increased the Pulsar 125 and restore the prices of Pulsar 
150 or in fact, withdrew that SKU. It was a similar story in CT100 when we did not have a 
product solution, we have used what we had and tried. But the moment we have got Platina 100 
and 110 with the tubeless tires and the CT 110X and the CT 110 as soon as the product solutions 
have come in, we have corrected the prices. 
So, what I'm saying is that we are attacking the market consistently to upgrade it from then to 
this from kick start to electric start from 100cc to 125cc from 125cc to 150cc from non-ABS to 
ABS. It's a constant maneuver. Some time you might see aberrations to this, which are the 2 
illustrations which I gave you. But the central theme and central plan of our strategy is to 
leverage innovation and cause the market to upgrade. 
Moderator: 
Thanks. We move on to our next question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
My question pertains to the export demand. So, you alluded to the fact that we are seeing some 
signs of recovery in August and September. Are you seeing these things across markets? Or is 
it more to do with LATAM and ASEAN and Africa still under pressure? Can you throw some 
light on that? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. Sure. So, ASEAN did not experience a downturn. In fact, the market improves because the 
pent-up demand because they finally emerged out of the COVID situation and demand has 
actually improved. There has been a slight decline in the LATAM sector, which is at about 5% 
levels. There was almost a 20% decline in Africa - in most countries of Africa - in the period of, 
April to July or so. It's not easy to get data. It's not that African countries have VAHAN kind of 
thing. So this is all put together. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
So, I am quoting our internal assessment. Now this minus 20% has sort of eased off and come 
down to minus 10% like-to-like period. And we want to watch it for a little bit more time and 
see whether it will be improving in Africa. And similarly, we find that it is easing off a little bit 
in LATAM also. And I also feel that ASEAN growth will now temper down a bit because of the 
pent-up demand. So, I would say the demand in the period of August to December would be 
better than the period of April to July. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. And any update on the 3-wheeler ban, both in Egypt as well as African markets?  
Rakesh Sharma: 
The 3-wheeler ban in Egypt remains. And as I've mentioned before that we are through our 
partners over their distribution partners over there are in engagement with the Egyptian 
government to work out solutions to satisfy their requirements of cleaner fuel and better rate 
aesthetics and lessor congestion, etc. And there is a huge need for mobility and transport in the 
Egyptian town. There are the villages and the towns that has got very narrow streets. So, 
solutions of transport cannot be deployed there. So, we are in engagement. And as you know, 
these engagements take time. But yes, we are positive about the outcomes eventually when they 
happen. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, kindly restrict your questions to two at a time. We have our next question 
from the line of Raghunandhan N.L. from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan N. L: 
Thank you sir, for the opportunity. Congratulations on great set of numbers. Two questions. 
Firstly, on the EV side, company's volumes and EVs are increasing, and there was a media 
interview, which highlighted 6,000 units per month by March '23. Can you indicate efforts on 
supply chain and production ramp-up? Also, if you can talk about upcoming EVs and 2-
wheelers, 3-wheelers. And are you seeing any delays versus the initial plans? Thank you. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
So, you're right, the volumes are ramping up quite smartly and largely because we've got better 
supply chain visibility. See the issue with supply chain visibility is also that it restricts the 
advancement of the network. Our model is that we think that it is important to have touch and 
feel in the network and dealerships and service centers. And we don't want to go and establish 
them before we have the ability to service that network with volume. The certitude of volume is 
very important before we ask the dealer to invest in new network. So that is why we've been 
calibrating the advancement of our network to the visibility in supply chain. 
And that is now coming, and we are seeing a doubling every quarter. The number which you 
quoted about 6,000 imminently, doable, we have seen visibility up to that. So, we will be 
expanding the number of cities, I think. Earlier we had thought that we will go up to 100 cities 
by the end of the financial year. But I think we'll be at around 85 or so because there was a period 
in Q2 takes you through the supply chain proceed as we had expected. So, we think that we have 
a very good product acceptance. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
The Chetak is a standout product. It stands out in terms of its elegant style. What echo we are 
receiving from the customers is that they're saying it is practical elegance. So, it's ergonomic, its 
reliability, it's drive feel etc., is really being appreciated cutting across all walks of life. So, we 
feel we have to exhaust its potential with a singular focus.  
So, we are focusing on that. Whilst we are doing it, we are expanding our portfolio. Over the 
next 18 months or so, you will see 3 or 4 introductions which will attack new segments, not the 
same segment, but it will be under the Chetak Umbrella, and you will see we will attack new 
segments. 
In 3-wheeler, I do recall that we had thought we were expected to be in the market by this time. 
But as we have done our trial a few months ago, we have found that it is important receive 
feedback from the drivers because these trials are being done actively in consultation with a real-
life situation, we found that there are certain improvements to be made in the 3-wheelers, so that 
the proposition can be accredited. 
To give you an understanding of what it takes - as you know, the Delhi government has issued 
almost 4,500 permits by name. Nobody can have any new 3-wheeler over there. It has to be 
electric; they've issued these 4,500 permits by name. Since last 1 year, but only 400 has got sold 
or maybe 500 has got sold. Why? Because the current set of 3-wheeler will be completely 
rejected. E-3-wheeler e-auto has been rejected by the market because they have a certain set of 
requirements. 
And these numbers are out in request so it's not that. I got some special intelligence. So, the 
reason why we -- because the e-auto -- potential customers for e-auto is the commercial guy. He 
has a very stringent requirement on range, on reliability, downtime, charging time. As we have 
taken the e-auto, we have understood this. And we want to come with a product which is near 
perfect rather than go with something which is not and try to improve it on the run. We have 
chosen the path of going back and devoting our product to -- because we've got very, very good 
engagement levels in the auto. 
We've got a very good brand credibility. We do not want to go there and spoil the brand name. 
So, the trial is sort of extended. We are hoping that they will get completed by end of this 
calendar year. And before the financial year, we were able to put a product in commercially. But 
we just want to make sure that we get the key. We get the hot buttons right from our e-auto 
users’ point of view and don't suffer the same fate as some of the other companies are suffering 
in Delhi in this period. 
Raghunandhan N. L: 
Thank you sir for the comprehensive answer. My second query to Dinesh, sir. Can you talk about 
what is the Capex expectation? And given the increasing focus towards EVs, how would the 
share of Capex be skewed towards EVs going forward? 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Thanks for your question. I think our Capex estimate for the full year should be in the 
whereabouts of about INR 750 odd crores. It is a step-up over the past. You will see from the 
published balance sheet that we've just put out, the Capex for the first half is closer to about INR 
335 crores, INR 340-odd crores. Yes. where much of the Capex going, the Capex is going on 
clearly-established the EV facility that we have for 2-wheelers, the EV facility that we will have 
for 3-wheelers in our Waluj Plant, for the expansion of a new site at our Chakan facility for 
premium motorcycles and then, of course, routine Capex. So, the really large areas of where we 
are putting in our Capex money. And like I said, I expect that to be the ballpark INR 750 crores 
for this year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Thanks for taking my questions. Most of my questions have been answered. I just have 2 follow-
ups. One on the export side. There, I mean you did mention these currency volatilities impacting 
the outlook, but there was also this press talking about regulatory ban. Could you just share some 
thoughts on that what is it really happening on the ground? Is there an order in place? Or how 
should we read that ban? And in the same on the export side also, if you can explain the Q-on-
Q realization, it seems to be almost 13%, 14% up. So that's on the export business? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Sure, Gunjan. I think that the regulatory ban, which you are referring to pertains to the news 
emanating out of Nigeria and not Egypt because Egypt is old news, which is kind of was put 
into effect for 3-wheeler in October last year, though we continue to ship out where the 
government had allowed relevant orders to be shipped and that went on to March. 
So, I assume you're not getting to that is viewed as referring to the motorcycle ban in Nigeria, 
which is the largest market in Africa. Here, there is no gazette, but a lot of governorate and 
municipalities take their own course of action. And there is a ban in Lagos, which has actually 
been in place for some time now but has been enforced quite stringently. Why have we not called 
that out specifically? 
Because in the overall scheme of things, it is as a percentage small. Lagos city market is only 
about 10% of Nigeria. And that has -- from 10%, it has come down to 1%, 2% because there are 
certain exceptions which are allowed. So just come down to that. So, in the overall scheme of 
Nigeria or let's say, Africa, it is not a very, very big number. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. The second question I had was on the market share in India in the domestic 
business. When I look at it, yes, you've been defending the market share that similar levels of 
18%, 19% in the bike segment. But when I go down looking at the mix, of course, 125cc has 
made really good in roads. But at the same time, we seem to be losing in the premium bike 
segment. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Now structurally, that's a great opportunity to be in and new Pulsar has sort of been losing market 
share in the last 12, 18 months. So, what is the thought process in terms of fixing the market 
share in the premium segment? What sort of interventions are we looking at to recoup that 
market share? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. See, Gunjan, the more severe impact on the Pulsar market share was because of the supply 
chain disruption which caused us to reduce market share at a retail level also for was the billing 
market share, we don't track that as much. And that was pretty serious and most recent. But if I 
take a 3-year long shot view of things, you're right, the market share has eroded, but we didn't 
do that. I mean it was eroded by 2, 3, 4 percentage points and which was causing us concern 
because we are, at the end of the day, the leaders in that segment. 
And that has given right to the initiative that we must now refresh the whole Pulsar platform. 
And this is one of the few instances where a very successful platform, which was resulting at a 
40%-plus market share and with 2, 3 percentage point erosion running at that level, but we still 
decided to not refresh it, in fact, completely upgrade it. And that's why in a calibrated program, 
we launched the 250 in October last year, we launched the N160. 
We will launch a couple of new products in the same platform in November, which has 
completely changed the face of Pulsar, and this gives us an opportunity to completely change 
the customer experience as well as talk about the plan. In auto, nothing like a new product 
introduction to talk about the brand. Otherwise, everything else is stale news. 
With the supply chain going off, I'm already seeing the market share approaching the sports 
segment to 40% level. I think they are about 37%, 38%. We're approaching 40% levels. In the 
next 6 months, as the whole Pulsar story plays out, we again think that we will be comfortably 
beyond the 40% level back to what we were, let's say, 3 years ago because I think that because 
we are getting a very good echo from the market says about the acceptance of the N160, which 
was very crucial. 250 was accepted as well, but the 250cc is a very small part of the whole 
motorcycle industry and as the 160, which is the more mass product. So that's a good sort of 
happening outcome. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Does the export realization and I'll join back the queue, if you can 13% if you want to increase? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Let me cover that, Gunjan. I think your question was on export realization. So, I think if you 
look at export volume, export volumes were down about 20%. And export revenues were down 
close to 10%, 11%. Clearly, what aided that the bridge between volume to value is better mix 
with clearly a number of the African geographies showing some amount of pressure. There's 
been a lesser export of commuter bikes. So low-end commuter bikes have led to just an improved 
mix we've sold more commercial vehicles, and that's, therefore, aided mix as well. And then, of 
course, the last is better dollar realizations. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Chirag Shah from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thanks for opportunity, sir. Just a first housekeeping question. One, staff cost, there is a value 
decline. Is there anything to call out in that? Or it's a normalized trend? I think sequential decline, 
Q-on-Q decline?  
Dinesh Thapar: 
Yes. So, Chirag, if you're looking at the previous quarter versus the current quarter, a couple of 
things. One is the last quarter was a quarter of increments. And therefore, when you pay out 
increments, you also restate liability for various retiral benefits. And so therefore, that was a 
onetime charge that got taken with the increment cycle last quarter. It did not reflect this time. 
And the second was, of course, true-up of various performance pay and other payoffs that had 
to happen, which have flown into the current quarter. So really these 2 have covered relative to 
a charge of last quarter. We have not had the first element this time, which is the higher payout 
on account of, let's say, leave encashment. And the second, as I mentioned, was the true-up that 
we accounted for the current quarter of performance pay.  
Chirag Shah: 
And any comment on gross margin Q-on-Q decline if sales minus raw material, actually, the 
margins have declined sequentially despite a better dollar realization and some of the aspects. 
So, is it an even better mix? So, is it more driven by regional mix or there are some elements of 
pass through that you did? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Yes. So, I think on the overall piece mix has been adverse at an overall entity level purely 
because exports have been lowered, domestic has been higher. And within domestic, there's been 
a significant build back of the end commuter segment as well. So as an enterprise level, while 
we have spoken about mix improving in various pockets of the business at an overall enterprise 
level mix has been adverse. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes, because it's 120 bps, it's a reasonably sharp decline for -- that's not been the general trend 
for you. Okay. Sir, second is on the Chetak side, just -- because if I go back a quarter or so, our 
aspiration was to do 10,000 units a month kind of a run rate by Q4. And now the aspiration 
seems to have gone down significantly to 6,000. So, any comment on that? 
And also, if you can indicate the current state at ground level given the government strong 
vigilance on localization, proving and all the stuff. If you can comment on that, it would be 
helpful? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
See, the aspiration is still there. There is no reduction in the aspiration, but the number which 
we telling you is based on our supply chain visibility. We've got 773 dealers throughout the 
country and it's very easy for us to flip a switch and be these dealers signing new agreements 
and start to create a network purchases. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
But we have to do it based on calibrated to the supply chain visibility. And so, we are still looking 
at increasing that. And we will see in the next quarter or so, let me say, the next 6 months, the 
addition to our portfolio and see whether we can use new products to get to that kind of level, 
but it's really driven by supply chain visibility. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
We see the supply chain constraints. 
Chirag Shah: 
Sir, any comment on this subsidy issue as the government has increased its vigilance on and 
giving out or rolling out this subsidy, how should one look at that industry and who will benefit 
in that sense because it gives an opportunity for a player like you to ramp up at a faster pace? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I'm sorry, not understood, which subsidy are you talking about? 
Chirag Shah: 
Recently, government has indicated that OEMs have to prove the localization and they are really 
monitoring the encashment of subsidy on the EV side? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So, Chirag, no new news for us because we've, in any case, been on the path of localization. I'm 
presuming you're talking about the Phase 2 subsidy, right? Is that the reference? 
Chirag Jain: 
Yes. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
No more different from that from our perspective, it's not new news. Of course, what they're 
doing is to tighten with the intention of incentivizing local manufacturing and localization of 
components. Like I said, nothing new from a financial perspective, we continue to remain 
compliant. We continue to deliver the threshold domestic value addition. 
And the take subsidy is being passed on to the customer through our dealerships as we stipulated. 
So not a new development. So, I'm not sure where the question is emanating from. Have we 
answered that? Or is there something else to clear the thing? 
Chirag Shah: 
No. Thanks, a lot. So, if I can squeeze in 1 last question, and it would be helpful if you can 
highlight. So, there was a new vertical which indicated that there are 5 new name that have been 
trademarked like Darkstar, Twinner and Dynamo, etc. Any comments from your side? Are there 
existing models in pipeline for which these trademarked or and when can some of you see the 
light? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
See, this is an ongoing process. If you see over the last 5 years, there are very bad days, which 
are registered because you have to do fast on this. We obviously know the kind of product 
pipeline which we are having over the next 3 to 5 years. But at this stage, we would not like to 
go into what new brand or what new product is being launched. So, it's a regular exercise we 
spot a good brand name. We might as well register it for future use. 

 
 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
October 14, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Newar for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you very much for joining the call. I'm happy to take the questions after this call with all 
those who wanted to have a conversation. With this, thank you everyone and a very happy 
Diwali. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Bajaj Auto Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Thank you. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
