  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APL/SEC/32/2022-23/50 
 
25th October, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500820 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
Block G, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: ASIANPAINT 
 
Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor Conference 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the investor conference held on 20th October, 2022, with 
regards to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended                        
30th September, 2022 and other acquisition / investment proposals.  
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
through the following link: 
 
Investor Conference - Transcript 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
R J JEYAMURUGAN 
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
JEYAMURUGAN 
RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN
Digitally signed by 
JEYAMURUGAN RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN 
Date: 2022.10.25 11:06:29 +05'30'

  
Classification: Public  
 
 
 
 
“Asian Paints Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Management :   
Mr. Amit Syngle  
: MD & CEO  
Mr. R.J. Jeyamurugan 
: CFO & Company Secretary  
Mr. Parag Rane  
: GM – Finance  
Mr. Arun Nair   
: Manager - Corporate Communications 
 
 
 

 
2 | P a g e 
 
Arun Nair: Good Evening and a very warm welcome to one and all to the Asian Paints 
investor conference for Q2 FY 2023 results. Today, on the call we have Mr. Amit Syngle, 
MD & CEO; Mr. R J Jeyamurugan, CFO & Company Secretary and Mr. Parag Rane, GM - 
Finance. I am Arun Nair from Corporate Communications.  
May I now request Mr Amit Syngle to take you all through the presentation.  Mr. Amit 
Syngle, over to you.  
 
Amit Syngle: Hi everyone a very very warm welcome to all of you in terms of today’s 
Investors meet and I’m sure we have a interesting conversation ahead. 
 
When we look at overall Asian Paints, this is something which all of you are familiar with 
almost now 80 years of existence in terms of looking at beautifying, preserving, 
transforming all spaces and objects, and bringing happiness and joy to the world.  That is 
something which is the core value in terms of what we really stand for.  

 
3 | P a g e 
 
 
Overall, when we look at the business in Quarter 2, I think the overall business has been 
very very strong from the point of view of the environment, In terms of what was there 
for the whole quarter.  We had an extended monsoon as you are all aware and rains have 
gone into October across the country in terms of what we are saying, and which has kind 
of really taken some bit of toll with respect to the exterior’s painting market and in terms 
of the overall projects and construction business which is going on around the country. 
But overall, despite that, we logged in a strong 10% double digit volume growth which 
has come in this quarter, which translates to almost value sales, value growth of about 
20% which has kind of come in here. If you look at the three-year CAGRs here, and why 3 
years because we’ve seen that 2019-20 was the normal year in terms of from a pre-covid 
point of view. So today, we had a normal Q2 in 2019-20 and that is why the comparison 
in the entire presentation we have taken a three-year CAGR kind of a reference.  So the 
volumes are very healthy at about 18% in terms of the CAGR and the value was clearly 
about 20% which shows the fact that the top-line focus has been ensured in terms of the 
organisation over a set of quarters, as you have kind of really heard from us. At the H1 
level also, if you see, the growths are pretty satisfying in terms of the overall volume at 
being 22% in terms of what we have been able to achieve overall and if we look at the 

 
4 | P a g e 
 
fact that the three years CAGR  here is close to 19% and a comparable to the last year 
where the growth were also pretty high in terms of what we have kind of achieved.  So 
the bases are relatively much much higher as compare to the last year Q2 in terms of what 
you see or the last year H1 which you kind of see overall.  In terms of value, again now it’s 
20.1% CAGR and almost at 37% value growth. So, I think the H1 trends are pretty 
staggering in terms of what we have been able to achieve overall and I must remind you 
that overall,  if you see the each quarter is different in terms of the overall contributions 
in the entire year as well as from the point of view of how the product mix matters from 
quarter to quarter as we kind of go ahead in the year.  
 
 
When we look at the overall trend of the top line, it is very clear that the volume index, 
what is visible right to you on the screen is a very strong double digit number in terms of 
what you are seeing overall to that extent, and therefore this is representative of the 
three-year CAGR numbers and Quarter on Quarter you can see that the overall CAGRs in 
terms of the, you know the double digit growth have been very very strong in terms of 
what we have seen over a period of time and that is something which is very clearly the 

 
5 | P a g e 
 
overall organisation, we are committed that we are able to kind of grow at this kind of 
volumes, Quarter on Quarter.  
 
 
Just a brief description as to what really happened over all as I said that there was an 
extended monsoon and especially what we saw was a larger impact in terms of the West 
and Southern geographies in terms of what we witnessed but unlike possibly what the 
commentary we have been hearing in the market, we have grown much better in the T3-
T4 centres which means the rural demand for us has been much better in terms of what 
we are seeing as compared to possibly the growth which we are seeing in the Metros, T1 
and T2 centres. Now this also kind of really impacts the overall kind of a product mix in 
terms of what we are selling overall in this quarter. But, I think the fact that T3-T4 centres 
have grown well is kind of auguring well in terms of even future that today I think the 
rural demand is not kind of really died out, but it is still very live and very good in terms 
of what we see as we kind of go forward.  
Overall, the product mix in Q2. As I said that the product mix varies from quarter to 
quarter, in Q2 It was dominated more by the economic emulsions, the undercoats to 
some extent.  However, the Premium and Luxury ranges when we look at Wood finishes 

 
6 | P a g e 
 
waterproofing and select emulsions did well. We saw some downtrading in terms of the 
Luxury and Premium and some of the Economy products due to the steep prices 
undertaken in the last about six months on these products to that extent so there is a 
definitely a trend of downtrading in terms of what is kind of relevant but overall what we 
see that the mix was a little bit affected but at the same time, it was also having some set 
of premium and luxury products which were growing for us at a good pace overall.  
 
Today from the point of view of the painting service, we have the biggest painting service 
today in the world with the presence in more than 628 towns in India and I think this is 
something which is clearly a strong advantage. The brand has in terms of how we see 
overall, the trend in terms of the consumption which really happens because you are 
literally kind of going into so many houses across so many towns to that extent and this 
service has grown almost at a rate of about hundred percent. So, I think it’s been a strong 
kind of a performance which has come in here.  
 
When we look at the Projects business, the project business obviously has been growing 
much faster than the retail business in terms of what we have been seeing. Despite the 
fact that yes, we had monsoons, we got some Exterior painting and some of the 
construction work came to a standstill, but we had very good kind of sales realisations 
coming from the government in the factory segment; And also we did quite well in the 
flooring segment which is a new emerging segment for us, where we have launched a 
slew of products on the Epoxy, and the Polyurethane platforms to that extent.  As you see 
one of the key strategies that Asian Paints has been in terms of looking at expanding our 
footprint with respect to distribution, so that customers all across the country have easy 
access to Asian Paints products and this is something which we have been pursuing very 
strongly and we’ve already added about 8000 new retailing points this year, when we look 
at the half year which is happened this year.  So, I think it’s again something which has 
been going on a very strong path and we believe that this is one of the areas which is also 

 
7 | P a g e 
 
giving us very good growths as far as the rural towns are concerned and that is principally 
one of the reasons how the rural demand is getting ignited.  
 
 
Going ahead, I think the new products, the Innovation, the Technology has always been 
the torch bearer at Asian Paints and this is something which we have looked very very 
strongly and each product comes with possibly a certain attribute which is unmatched by 
competition to that extent.  We spoke about almost you know something like about 40 
products in the previous quarter in terms of what we are having which we have a clear 
kind of advantage in terms of prepositions.  We launched 4 more very clear things, and 
these are not all the introductions, these are some of the key introductions which we see. 
Glitz Ultra Matt, which comes with technology where basically it’s a unique self-healing 
kind of a product which is there.  A Tile coat which opens the whole area of water proofing 
for tiles in a very big manner.  Ace Power+ which is basically looking at elevating the 
customers from an economy to a premium kind of a category in a strong manner and 
finally an Enamel which is really differentiated in terms of technology, but a strong source 
of upgradation from people to come to from an unorganised brand to an organised brand 

 
8 | P a g e 
 
to that extent.  So clear kind of innovations with technology as the backdrop and very very 
strong innovation from the point of view of the product quality in terms of how it 
syncs with the consumer.  So that’s about a new introduction in terms of what we do.  
 
 
Coming quickly on to our ‘Home Décor’ foray.  All of you are aware we have been speaking 
about this for some time now we are transitioning from really the ‘Share of surface’ to 
the ‘Share of Space’ within the homes in a very very strong way and there are certain clear 
things in terms of what we have taken today. So, all categories is something Asian Paints 
is kind of now present and as I said earlier, we now have basically a very strong model 
where we are literally into the manufacturing of lots of categories within the Home Decor 
space which comes in, which possibly augurs very well from the point of view of our 
control over design and in terms of what we need to kind of give the consumers, as far as 
the overall costs are concerned. The engine here is what we call as the beautiful 
homes.com, which basically is the inspiration to people to kind of come in and we have 
more than about 60 to 80 Lac people who keep on coming on to this platform in terms of 
really seeing how people are kind of getting inspired to kind of do up their homes. We 
have an execution mechanism in terms of the Beautiful Homes stores. Last year, we had 

 
9 | P a g e 
 
about 29 Stores we have added about 7 more stores this year and we are now 30 store 
which are functional across the country and this is a one-stop Decor shop which is there 
to that extent, where the customer is going through almost a phygital journey, which is 
physical plus a digital journey in terms of what we offer; and a coupled with this we have 
a ‘Beautiful Homes Service’, which is a personalised Interior design to an execution kind 
of service which we now offer in 11 cities. So, I think the whole foray is kind of very clear 
right from inspiration to execution to really turnkey arrangement in terms of making the 
Beautiful Home come alive at your home is something which is what we look at.  
 

 
10 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
So as I said, today the beautiful homes house all the categories whether it is lighting, 
whether it is furniture, whether it is Rugs, whether it is from the point of view of 
furnishing, so all categories flooring, everything kind of really comes in this category in 

 
11 | P a g e 
 
terms of what we offer very strongly; and this is the whole engine which runs the beautiful 
homes overall as inspiration for people to come in and get inspired in terms of what they 
want to kind of do with their homes overall.  And the ‘Beautiful Homes Service’, which 
basically helps people to really convert what they are thinking, what their choices are into 
the actual home, what they want to that extent.  So, I think this is something which then 
augurs very well from a point of completing the loop completely.  
 
In this, you are aware, that we had announced, we had acquired 2 companies - One was 
‘White Teak’ and the other one was ‘Weatherseal’. ‘White Teak’ was a complete lighting 
solution which is there to that extent in terms of the decorative lighting, which goes in 
terms of chandlers, pendants and other light which comes.  We have introduced some 
functional lights as well in terms of this thing and Weatherseal was all about the uPVC 
doors and windows which were there. We have now looked at strong synergies in our 
‘Beautiful Homes stores’ and ‘Beautiful Homes Service’, with this and both the businesses, 
I am pleased to kind of report, have done extremely well when we look at from the point 
of view, what they had achieved in the full year last year and what they have achieved 
today overall when we see from the H1 perspective of or even from the Q2 perspective.   

 
12 | P a g e 
 
So I think both businesses doing very well both from the point of view of top line as well 
as bottom line as we kind of look at in terms of going forward.  
 
 
When we look at the two businesses, which have been there for some time - the kitchen 
business and the bath business here.  Both the businesses, overall, from a top line 
perspective grew well today.  When we see the Q2 in kitchens, we grew at about 14% and 
bath we grew by 11%.  At a half yearly level, we grew at about 35% and 51% which is a 
strong growth at a half yearly level in terms of what we see overall. In terms of the bottom 
line as we see, kitchen business was slightly affected because the components business, 
which is a substantial part of the overall business of kitchen, I think did not do too well to 
that extent. But the kitchen business is something which is the full kitchen business is 
doing extremely well and there is a little bit of a loss which is showing with respect to the 
bottom line in terms of the kitchen business overall.  But I think we are confident that this 
is something which we should be able to take on when we look at Q3 and Q4 going 
forward.  The bath business overall in Q2 had a break-even kind of a overall delivery, but 
at half year level, there is a gain or a profit of about Rs. 5 crores which is kind of come in 

 
13 | P a g e 
 
overall.  So, I think relatively if you see from the top-line perspective, the businesses have 
done fairly well overall in terms of how we kind of look at.  
 
 
Coming on to the whole international business, this is just showing you the countries 
where we are represented across the globe to that extent, which is there, along with the 
various brands which we have, across these geographies, when you look at it. 

 
14 | P a g e 
 
 
When we look at the performance, the performance has been very very strong as we see 
it overall to that extent.  If you see the performance coming overall, when you see the Q2 
levels, we have grown by almost about 15.5% which is there and so as well as at the H1 
level.  So, the businesses have been strong as we look at from the overall perspective of 
overall growth which has kind of come in.  From the graphical point of view, I think all the 
geographies have done quite well. When we look at obviously the geographies at Africa, 
kind of stand out to that extent, but overall, even Middle East has done quite well and 
Asia has done well, despite the fact, that some growths have been pulled off by the Lanka 
condition which is there as you all are aware, but overall, the geographies have done well.  
Even from a point of view of overall profitability. It’s been a very strong performance 
where the PBT growths have been strong.  We got about Rs. 43.5 crores against a Rs. 16.7 
crores loss last year to that extent and even at the H1 level, the numbers are very very 
strong in terms of a PBT of about Rs. 81.4 against a loss of Rs. 28 crores last year.  So, I 
think the International business has done very well and some of the areas like even 
Indonesia and all has kind of performed fairly well in terms of both volume and value 
growth in Quarter 2 in terms of what has come about.  

 
15 | P a g e 
 
 
 
Going forward, when we look at our industrial business it is divided into 2 JVs which is 
there and what you see is the range of work which we do for any object or any auto or 
any surface to that extent in terms of the range which we have.  
 

 
16 | P a g e 
 
This is divided into two JVs, which we have the PPG-AP and the AP-PPG which are the 2 
JVs with PPG of US and in both JVs. I think there has been a spectacular performance in 
the quarter in terms of what we see. As you are able able to kind of see that PPG-AP, if 
from a quarter perspective when we see they have grown at about 25% and at a half 
yearly level at about 40%. So, I think strong revenues kind of coming in there and similarly 
if you look at AP-PPG, the growth there also have been fairly substantial with overall, l 
when we look at from the point of view of Quarter 2 growing at about 25% and from an 
H1 perspective, we have grown at about 39%. So, if you look at both businesses, 
comparatively doing fairly well in terms of this and I must say that the AP-PPG business 
has been doing this kind of a performance consistently for the last about 8 quarters now 
to that extent.  Even from the point of view of today, when we look at the PBTs overall, I 
think the growths are very good in terms of what we’re looking at and substantial increase 
in terms of gross margins and overall profitability which is kind of coming in the two 
businesses which you can see from the graphs which is in front of you. So, I think, in all 
again strong performance coming from the industrial business overall in terms of what 
we see.  
 

 
17 | P a g e 
 
So, I think just to kind of explain and I’m sure there are going to be a lot of questions with 
respect to margins and what’s really happening there to that extent.  When you look at 
the trajectory obviously, I think the margins have been doing a little bit of a sinusoidal 
kind of a thing dependent on in terms of how we are seeing the inflations kind of going in 
the market. I must point out, saying that price increases have not kept in pace with all the 
inflation which have been happening on quarter to quarter.  Even I think if you go back 
and look at the Quarter 3 financial year 2021, 45% margin is a little bit of an over delivery 
which is there.  Normally I think the range which we have seen is about 40% in terms of 
the overall margins at an average level to that extent and if you see we are at about 35.6 
in Quarter 2 and please remember there was inflation of about 6% in Quarter 1 and the 
larger effects of that have been seen in Quarter 2, because of the fact that we already 
carry a certain amount of inventory, which is there and the actual effect of any of these 
inflations actually come in subsequent quarter to some extent which is there. In addition, 
we had a material inflation of about another 2%, which happened.  So, Quarter 1 plus 
Quarter 2 put together, there is almost like about 8% kind of inflation, which is there 
against which we have taken increase of relatively about 3%.  So, there is clearly a 5% kind 
of a deficit which is kind of coming into some extent here and even if previously you were 
to calculate from the overall inflation which has happened, there we have not really taken 
all the price increases really matching the inflation and there has been a gap of about 3-
4% there as well from the last year inflation kind of numbers which is there. So, I think 
what we are trying to say is that today, what we feel is that as a leader in the market we 
don’t feel justified that we should kind of pass on all the sinusoidal trends of the inflation 
immediately to the customer.  We need to have a considered view and therefore I think 
the market also has to see it with a certain level of maturity in terms of how the margins 
are behaving because today traditionally Quarter 2 has been, has been a quarter where 
basically you have seen a relatively inferior product mix as compared to the other quarters 
as I said and it all depends in terms of how the Diwali dates are and some of the kind of 
sales kind of augur according to that, and therefore, the Quarter to Quarter sequentially 
is not really comparable to that extent and I’m talking of normal quarters as the bases 

 
18 | P a g e 
 
here to that extent and not the Covid bases here to that extent. So, in effect what you see 
is that from the quarter 2 of last year to now actually there is a 0.6% margin improvement, 
which is there, although sequentially from 37.9, it has come down to about 35.6, but I 
think going forward what we’re very clear is that you know, we are already seeing a trend 
of a deflation happening and we definitely see that going forward you know 3-4% margin 
correction would happen by virtue of the fact that there is a deflation which is coming 
and the fact that the inflation was not so very high in terms of the second quarter but 
obviously as we see, I think the best effect of this will come in quarter four going forward 
to that extent as we look at it.   
 
So, I think for us as we see I think the gross margin stories not a worry. We think this is a 
phenomenon in a time which is happening to that extent and as we go forward possibly, 
this is going to improve very strongly, and the business is fairly sturdy and very clear in 
terms of what is the premiums we were enjoying in the market, and this is something 
which we very clearly feel has no impact in terms of going forward.  
 
When we look at the overall Standalone financials, I think the story is very strong.  If you 
look at the net sales going up by 20%, the gross margins going up by about 22%, the PBDIT 

 
19 | P a g e 
 
has gone about by 28% and therefore the similar story on PBT and PAT in terms of the 
overall growth, which we are seeing to that extent and over and above as I said, a double 
digit volume growth which has kind of come in, which is definitely encouraging from point 
of view as we see the industry trends overall to that extent.  When you look at H1 
obviously the numbers are even far higher in terms of what you see as the overall delivery 
which kind of augurs for us very well, especially when you see the PAT numbers at about 
almost about a 47% increase overall to that extent.  From a point of view of PBDIT 
margins, you know what we see quarter comparable, possibly in terms of when we look 
at to last year quarter.  So, it has really improved from 14.4 to about 15.2 and similarly at 
the H1 level there is an improvement. Similarly, when you look at PBT okay, overall, 
basically the growths are pretty strong in terms of what we’re seeing but obviously there 
is one of other income which kind of comes into that calculation, but as a standalone, the 
23% growth is pretty good in terms of what we are seeing.  
 
When you come to consolidated again, the story is the very strong in fact the story.  From 
a bottom line perspective is even stronger because of a very strong performance on the 
bottom line from the international business which has kind of come in and if you see the 
top line is 20% here and PAT, is at about 33% growth at the quarter level and at a half 

 
20 | P a g e 
 
year level, obviously the numbers are very very strong with PAT growing at almost about 
56% which is really definitely one of the highest number in terms of the PAT growth, which 
we are seeing here to that extent. So, as I see it, I think the overall sales has been pretty 
robust to that extent and I think had the rains possibly stopped in September, it would 
have been definitely much much higher to that extent, but I think overall still delivering a 
volume growth has been strong.  What we are seeing is even in and so even in 
consolidated, the overall you know gross margins have really improved over the last year 
by about 1.3% and that has led to a higher PBDIT margins as well at about 1.7%. So, I think 
that’s how the overall business is, and we are pretty happy about the fact that it is still a 
very strong performance in terms of the way it has kind of come about. 
 
When we look at the dividend we have declared, dividend of about Rs. 4.40 per share and 
just to kind of remind you last year the pay-out ratio was about 58.6% and the dividend 
pay-out last year interim dividend was Rs. 3.65.  So, I think the overall interim dividend 
also is going up to a good thing which is a good signal to the shareholders.  

 
21 | P a g e 
 
 
When we look at the immediate outlook, we think that today while I think it’s been raining 
in October as well but I think there is, we are seeing some good demand which is kind of 
coming which is the festival demand; but actually what we do is that we don’t rely too 
much in terms of just this demand because the actual season kicks in after that to that 
extent.  There is a strong wedding season which is coming in, the project business looks 
very good because a lot of construction is picking up, the real estate is kind of really 
picking up overall to that extent despite the fact that the interest rates had kind of gone 
up to that extent. Good monsoon by enlarge some deficits in some states overall but I 
think which kind of augurs very well for the rural demand which is already good for us and 
we think that is something which will kind of pick up. Obviously, I think the party spoiler 
here could be the geopolitical situation in terms of its kind of taking a very different turn 
to that extent and the other area is that obviously I think the rupee depreciation and the 
dollar strengthening is kind of really impacting, you know, some of the areas to that 
extent, and we hope that that is something which should not be a party spoiler as we go 
ahead. But nonetheless, we think that overall, from a demand point of view, I think it 
should be a good quarter ahead.   
 

 
22 | P a g e 
 
 
So this was a business point and now I want to kind of just share some other things which 
were kind of very very strong and very happy about.  First of all, for the core business, 
Now, we are really strengthening the core business in a very strong manner. We are now 
looking at acquiring a nano technology player basically Harind, which is a specialty 
chemicals company and it has the NexGen nanotechnology as its core. This is a technology 
which is something, which is really kind of growing over all across the world. It has been 
there for some time, but the innovations are now happening from NexGen level in terms 
of the properties which were able to kind of bring into that extent and therefore for us, I 
think it becomes very very strong opportunity and that with this acquisition or R&D will 
really kind a spiral up in terms of able to offer some NexGen products which can come in 
the market which can be very very helpful for the consumers and some real new 
innovation can come in.  We are, at the moment, taking about a 51% stake in Harind that 
about Rs. 12.75 crores and additional stake of 39% could be acquired over the next five 
years. So overall, we think this is a very very strong move from the point of bolstering the 
overall technology at Asian Paints and this will kind of give birth to a lot of innovation 
coming in emulsions and waterproofing and lots of other products to that extent and this 
is something which we are very excited about. That’s part one. 

 
23 | P a g e 
 
 
 
Let’s look at what else.  We are also now looking at a very very strong area of backward 
integration. Today, some of you would know that Asian Paints always has been making 
their own emulsions. An emulsion is a very strong binder into the overall formulation 
which really holds the real formulation together in a very very strong manner and today 
as part of an extension of that strategy, we decided to possibly really invest into a 
technology which is absolutely the futuristic new-age technology of the world. This is the 
technology which is basically what we call as the Vinyl Acetate Ethylene Emulsion which 
is there to that extent.  It is an environment friendly emulsion which is there to that 
extent. It has a very sweet smell and basically it is something which gives special 
properties to the paint in a very strong manner.  We are already using VAE in our products 
but at the moment, we have been importing this entire thing from the world players. 
There are very few players in the world who have both the VAM which is the Vinyl Acetate 
Monomer which is a raw material which goes in terms of making the Vinyl Acetate 
Ethylene Emulsion. So I think we are putting a combined plant which is the first, no one 
in India has this technology to that extent and even world-wide there are only about 3 to 
4 players who have this technology which is there and we think that this would be really 

 
24 | P a g e 
 
a game changer in the market in terms of what we look at it in terms of what we are 
offering here.  Here the investment is substantial. We’re putting almost about Rs. 2100 
crores over the next 3-4 years for setting up an installed capacity of 1.5 Lac tonnes per 
annum for the Vinyl Acetate Ethylene Emulsion and 1 Lac tonnes for the Vinyl Acetate 
Monomer which is the key ingredient going into the Vinyl Acetate Emulsion to that extent. 
 
We have done a strategic collaboration here with Kellogg Brown & Root LLC, which is a 
multibillion-dollar US-based firm with the right kind of technology, licences and so and so 
forth which is there which is going to help us put up this plant which is going to come up 
to that extent.  We think this is really getting into a very big area which can give us a 
sustainable competitive advantage for future and that is something which we are 
investing in and this is the technology of future which will remain for the next 50-100 
years as we kind of go forward. So that’s the second area which possibly we are 
announcing now.  
 
The third area is that now we’re looking at another area backward integration where we 
are getting into the manufacturing of white cement, and this is a joint venture which we 
are doing in UAE in Middle East to that extent.  Now white cement is a very very key 

 
25 | P a g e 
 
ingredient in the putty which we make.  It is almost about 19-20% of the putty which, you 
know where the white cement goes to that extent and that is something becomes a very 
key this thing. The putty has been overall a strong initiative at Asian Paints, and we have 
been growing strongly in this over the years overall, and we want to be clearly putting a 
lot of energy in terms of looking at getting the best product to the market, and really 
looking at incorporating what are the kind of properties, which we can do in terms of 
really looking at modifying the white cement which kind of comes in.  
So, what we are doing here is, we are putting up a JV with 60% majority ownership by 
Asian Paints to put up almost about 2.65 lac MT, per annum capacity of a white cement 
and white cement clinker plant in Fujairah in UAE. And this is something which we are 
doing with Riddhi Siddhi group, which has a good access to the limestone mines and so 
and so forth, which is a very key input for the white cement per say.  So I think overall this 
gives a very strong advantage into a growing business which is there to that extent and 
overall what we also see is that today the entire distribution points of paint industry which 
is into hardware, building material and so on so forth they are also selling white cement 
as a very key ingredient for repairing, tile fixing, marble repair and so and so forth to that 
extent and therefore it gives an opportunity to even seed white cement into our network, 
which is basically buying all the paints from us to that extent, and therefore kind of really 
plugs in one gap which we had never had over all to that extent. So I think this is a strong 
backward integration measure in terms of what we are saying as a key ingredient which 
goes into a putty and I think this will kind of really augur very well in terms of really 
supporting our overall growth as we kind of go forward. The investment here is about Rs. 
550 crores in terms of what we are doing with including some of the clinker, grinding units 
which we will set in India very close to our putty making units overall so that we have 
synergy there in terms of the overall cost being minimised as we kind of go ahead in this 
entire venture.  
So, I think this is another great kind of strategic investment in terms of what we are 
making, which can give us gains for years ahead as we kind of look at it.  

 
26 | P a g e 
 
 
 
So, I think this was the overall plan, in terms of the three big businesses which we are 
putting, and you must be wondering in terms of what are we really planning overall.  
 
So, I would divide our overall investments into two parts. One is the overall expansion of 
the manufacturing footprint.  Today we operate at almost about a 75% kind of a capacity 
utilisation, overall, to that extent.  We are looking at increasing be in the entire 
manufacturing capacity for more than 30% to about 22.7 lac KL per annum, which is for 
our awn manufacturing capacity in terms of what is their other than the outside 
processing in terms of what we use;  and this is something which possibly is in line with 
our overall growth in terms of what we are seeing in the coming next 3-4 years overall 
that we will require this kind of capacity to come in overall to that extent and basically we 
also look at in terms of from the point of view of the backward integration that it will 
really help us. So, if you look at the only the capacity announcement part, we are looking 
at almost about an investment of Rs. 3400 crores, which possibly includes the investment 
of the capex in terms of this year and going forward in the next three years.  The backward 
integration two things which I spoke of, which is the VAM VAE and the white cement 

 
27 | P a g e 
 
which is there in terms of what we have spoken and is about another Rs. 2550 crores and 
the acquisitions which we have already made earlier in terms of White Teak, Weatherseal 
and now Nano overall this is about Rs. 800 crores. So, this is a total outlay of almost about 
Rs. 6750 crores in terms of what we are committing for the next three years which would 
be a big kind of really step in terms of Asian Paints which is taking to really see that we’re 
in line with their overall aggressive growth for the next three years plus the entire thing 
of a sustainable cost advantage which really comes in from the backward integration at 
the same time, furthering our overall core business and Home Decor business with some 
key acquisitions, which we are taking to that extent overall to that extent.  So, I think 
that’s the overall plan, and I think we are pretty excited in terms of taking this ahead as 
we look at it.  
 
Thank you so much for listening to it and we are now open to questions. 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Good Evening everyone.  Requesting all participants joined by zoom video 
platform, please use raise hand feature to ask a question to the panellist.  Kindly unmute 
when given a chance to ask a question.  Please mention your name and company name 
before asking your question.  Kindly to limit your questions to only 2. Participants 
connecting via zoom video platform can post their questions on the chat box too, and we 
will ask on your behalf. Participants joined through toll free number, please press *1 to 
ask questions to the panellist. Please mention your name and company name before 
asking your question.  Kindly to limit your questions to only 2. 
 
Our first caller is Mr. Abneesh Roy (Nuvama Wealth Management), who has joined us 
through tele-conferencing.  Sir you are now live and can proceed with the question. 
 
Q&A 

 
28 | P a g e 
 
Abneesh Roy: Yeah, thanks I have 2 questions this is Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. My first 
question is on the backward integration big projects, so first is VAE and VAM, does it also 
mean in adhesive you will get aggressive, because you are mentioning VAM is the raw 
material for VAE. So wanted that clarification; and when you say emulsion for future, what 
is the opportunity? what exactly is the future? Is it 5 years? 7 years? That time frame and 
similarly on white cement, why now? Is it because cement players is going to enter paints 
and what could be the margin improvement because of the white cement Capex. That’s 
the first question. 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, great Abneesh.  Good hearing your voice here. Now I think when we 
are talking of the VAM VAE technology, which is kind of coming.  Yes, it would be helpful 
for us in the entire area of adhesives rightly because the VAM kind of goes into the 
adhesives in a strong manner.  So, it will give us a strong impetus in two ways.  One in 
terms of improving the kind of quality of adhesives which we can give in and second from 
the point of view of margins which would kind of come in strongly from that point of view. 
So, I think it makes the entire area far more competitive when you can expect some 
aggression there coming in from us.  The second area which you asked. Yes, it is a futuristic 
emulsion and this emulsion as I see it holds promise you know even for the next 40 to 50 
years as we see it.  It’s not a question of just a dip for the next three years of five years 
because this is an emulsion which possibly, we will have to get into expansion after 
sometime, for sure to that extent given the kind of overall consumption it can happen and 
take it. What this emulsion does is that one it has very low VOC which is the volatile 
organic compound, which is there, as compare to any styrene acrylate emulsion which is 
there overall to that extent.  So it offers a very huge leap to the companies who are on 
the bandwagon of environment friendly paints in a big way which anyway I think most of 
the organisation are something which are looking at in a strong manner.  The second thing 
it does is it basically impart some very good properties in the paint in terms of scrub 
resistance, in terms of stain resistance, and also from the point of view of what you know 
some other areas which kind of coming which enhances the overall durability of the 

 
29 | P a g e 
 
product, when we look at from the overall interior paint’s perspective point of view.  So, 
I think as a combination it works very well and not only this as I said that kind of really 
offers you a strong kind of advantage with respect to the overall margins in terms of what 
it will improve as we kind of go ahead. Second question on white cement, which you said. 
Now obviously I think this white cement we have been kind of looking for at some point 
or sometime in terms of investing because this is not because of any other entry which is 
happening in to the paint market but more from the point of view of a purist backward 
integration initiative, where we feel that if we have to really sustain our aggression in 
terms of going into the under coat space, because please remember that we are into 
powder products across which are not only from a putty perspective but also in terms of 
textures, in terms of tile adhesives, and lot many other areas where white cement 
becomes a key ingredient to that extent and therefore we have been exploring this for a 
point of time and we think that this is a very good move we are making so that today it 
kind of offers us a huge advantage which kind of comes in and from an overall perspective 
we can say that even in terms of some of our products, it can give us a boost in terms of 
at least about 5-7% gross margins, overall to that extent going forward.  
 
Abneesh Roy: Sir, there is one follow up on the white cement opportunity, could you 
discuss that how big will that be. Already in putty you are big, but when you are saying 
that you will target the tile finishing, tile joining, etc also and white cement, how big is 
that opportunity for you? 
 
Amit Syngle: So, overall, when we look at the Indian market that I think is close to about 
7 to 8 Lac tonnes kind of a market in India in terms of the whole repairing and other 
segment to that extent and it is going at almost about 15-20% overall so I think that is also 
big opportunity and 80% of that sold by our network to that extent.  So, it becomes a fairly 
big opportunity in terms of selling in retail packs and look at possibly taking that market 
especially when we are also into bath, tiles and sanitary. 
 

 
30 | P a g e 
 
Abneesh Roy: Sir, my last question is on H2 growth.  So, 3 things there.  In Q1, you had 
mentioned downtrading in Economy end, and in Q2, you are mentioning in Luxury also 
there is some level of downtrading. In H2, you had very high pricing growth starting in Q3 
itself last year and of course this time the festive is early. If I put all this together, would 
you say in H2, the pricing growth and volume growth in double digits as of now, it is 
looking very tough? 
 
Amit Syngle: No, I don’t think so, because see I think it’s a function Abneesh of how the 
overall product mix kind of augurs. So, to that extent when you look at this quarter as I 
said largely, you know there is a little bit of inferior product mix in terms of what we have 
got. As we get into Q3 and Q4 traditionally, the product mix is quite good overall in terms 
of what we would kind of see.  We also saw that other retail kind of demand got effected 
because of the monsoons which were there and also the exterior kind of season got 
affected in a very very big way.  So, I don’t think so that that should be the case we are 
still looking at possibly going forward. I think the volume growth should be healthy and 
so would be the value growths coming in this thing… because please remember we have 
also taken some price increases now, which will start kind of giving us some effect as we 
kind of go ahead.  
 
Abneesh Roy: Amit, just one last follow up and I’ll end there. So, last year Q2 and this year 
Q2, your margins have been negative surprise and you also mentioned the mix 
deteriorate in Q2, so is it because exterior paints is a higher margin business? Because 
that is the only seasonality I see in terms of demand. 
 
Amit Syngle: No, see what happens is that largely, if you look at quarter 2, September is 
a strong kind of this thing for all the products, whether it is wood finishes, whether it is 
emulsions, whether it is kind of water proofing products, whereas July and August are 
largely stocking months which really happened to that extent. So, I think to some extent 

 
31 | P a g e 
 
possibly that has kind of a toll with respect to it, but the gross margins over the last year 
quarter have actually gone up from 35 to 35.6% in Quarter 2. 
 
Abneesh Roy: That’s all from my side, thanks a lot! 
 
Moderator: Thank you Sir.  Our next caller is Mr. Avi Mehta (Macquarie) joining through 
zoom video platform.  
 
Avi Mehta: Hi Sir, am I audible?  
 
Amit Syngle: Yes, you are. 
 
Avi Mehta: Thanks sir for the opportunity. First, I just wanted to kind of understand for 
the integration in the backend that you have kind of contemplated could you share what 
has triggered this expansion given typically, raw material availability has not been an 
issue. Also, does this not kind of weigh on return profiles, because typically backward 
integration has meant return profiles sticking ahead, so would lover to hear your 
comments on these 2 aspects, thank you. 
 
Amit Syngle: So, actually, I think Asian Paints has been into a backward integration earlier 
as well as you know a lot of emulsions, we are making ourselves for quite some time 
whereas a lot of companies do purchase all the emulsions from outside, and to my mind 
you know the emulsion making has given us a very big boost with respect to our overall 
margins and profitability to that extent. So I think for us the backward integration has kind 
of augured quite well with respect to the overall increase in margins and overall kind of 
really flexibility in terms of procurement to that extent.  The other thing which I see is that 
this investments are fairly unique and these are not generalstic to that extent so the VAM 
VAE is really kind of a protected technology worldwide in terms of what is there and it is 
the technology of future so to that extent which we feel that this is a backward integration 

 
32 | P a g e 
 
which really helps us from the point of view of not only increasing our margins 
substantially but also from the point of view of imparting some new customer facing 
properties which can give our products a new kind of turn in the market from the point 
of view of how consumer see it and how they see the performance of the products coming 
in. Similarly, the white cement one is pretty strategic, because of the fact that today what 
we see is that, if there is the raw material which is kind of contributing to a significant 
contribution in the formulation and today, we have a control in that thing we can really 
vary various properties at the manufacturing stage which helps us possibly giving qualities 
in the finished product. At the same time, I think the marginal gains kind of really change 
because in some of these products these are the powder products are fairly low-end 
products to that extent and any kind of improvement in margins can be really very 
benefiting for you.  So, I think is the strategic and we think that cost and really the 
differentiation in the market at two very big kind of pillars in terms of what we are riding 
as far as the backward integration is concerned. 
 
Avi Mehta: Okay sir, okay I hear you ask second bit is just a clarification would it be fair 
understanding that our margins are going to move to around 39.5 - 40.5 % by 4th quarter, 
is what you indicated. What I wanted to understand, you know because you highlighted 
down gradation in the painting demand, does that not kind of be a risk. Do you see that 
as a risk or are you fairly confident about still reaching that target, in the third quarter and 
second half of the fourth quarter? 
 
Amit Syngle: No, I don’t see any risk because if you have seen that you know we were at 
35% last year in quarter two and then we kind of came to about 39% overall as far as 
quarter one is concerned. So, I don’t see anything I think this is just a quarterly 
phenomenon which is happened more from the point of view of the inflation, which we 
are kind of seeing in the market and little bit cyclical to that extent.  We are very confident 
in terms of looking at saying that the band possibly going forward would still remain at 
39-40% in terms of the overall gross margins as we kind of go ahead. So, I think It is just a 

 
33 | P a g e 
 
phenomena of the quarter in terms of what we are saying but going forward, I don’t see 
any areas, this thing where possibly the margins would kind of stay at this level. Second, 
I think the downtrading and so and so forth is possibly just incidental which happens, 
because you must remember that today, you know some of the price increases which we 
have taken have an immediate impact but over a period of time, they normalise to that 
extent because this is a consumption market and this is not a market where people have 
too many alternatives or they could defer their overall demand indefinitely to that extent.  
Even in covid we have seen that people whenever normalcy has come in they have kind 
of gone and splurged in terms of doing up their homes to that extent. So, I see no reason 
in terms of why possibly it will not jump back. 
 
Avi Mehta: Got it sir, thank you very much and wish you luck. Thanks a lot sir. 
 
Amit Syngle: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Joining us through zoom video platform is Mr. Shirish Pardeshi (Centrum).  
We request you sir to please mention your name and your company name and proceed 
with your question. Thank you. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Yeah, Good Evening this is Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum. Amit, 
congratulations for showing that kind of aggression in the market at this time. So, two 
things, one is that on the Riddhi Siddhi joint venture, what are the timelines? and do you 
mean that you will bring the limestone to India and probably towards near the port and 
the related question to that, what is the reserve and what are the rights Riddhi Siddhi has 
for the mines?  
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so first of all, see the limestone reserves are in Fujairah as I said and 
Riddhi Siddhi actually has a right for you know very long time and I think over 50 years to 
100 years as we see it in terms of the overall limestone market which is there.  So, I think 

 
34 | P a g e 
 
that is not a concern. We are putting up a clinker manufacturing unit right in Fujairah so 
that is something which is what we are planning.  This would kind of come up in the next 
about 24 months in terms of what we see in terms of this thing.  We are taking aggressive 
timeline in terms of putting that there.  We would put some grinding units in India in 
terms of getting the product so that we could kind of save with respect to overall cost 
which would kind of come into that extent and which align with our putty locations overall 
to that extent. So, I think the whole area is where we are able to conserve cost the 
maximum, at the same time what we are able to do with the formulations so that we get 
advantage in the product. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay, that’s helpful.  Second question on the capacity expansion which 
you have mentioned.  How soon, how quickly which are the locations you have finalised 
or if not finalised... This is primarily going to be on decorative emulsions, or the capacity 
expansion is going to be related to something else also. 
 
Amit Syngle: Yeah so, the overall capacity expansion is respect to our decorative, because 
that is the key category which has been growing at a very very strong pitch what I showed 
you with respect to the overall volume growth, quarter on quarter to that extent and 
largely with respect to our entire initiative on water-based products to that extent.  We 
are looking at certain brownfield projects as well overall, to that extent.  So, our entire 
Ankleshwar plant is something which we are revamping up and really kind of doing and 
putting some solvent based additional capacities which are going to come in there to that 
extent and as we kind of go ahead we have the second phase of our certain investments 
coming in some of our plants going forward.  So, I think these are all coming from the 
point that we are sitting at a certain capacity utilisation and this will all come in the next 
as I said about three years in terms of what we want to kind of put, which takes our 
capacity to a certain level as was pointed. 
 

 
35 | P a g e 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: My last question on the demand side, I think the raw material prices are 
falling down so is that their growth which is tapered or the inventory by the trade has 
lowered.  Obviously, the rains has prolong, but generally the sense which I am getting that 
event trade is also expecting very sharp drop in the prices is that the fear or is that you 
have already implemented or communicated to the trade? 
 
Amit Syngle: See you know, I’m a firm believer that you can’t really play with the prices 
as if you are playing on a stock exchange.  Okay, so this is something which is really a 
strong imperative that as a leader, you need to have responsibility, that you can’t be 
erratic in your behaviour in terms of just increasing and decreasing the prices at your wims 
and fancies in terms of the way it kind of comes in.  I think we have a larger onus towards 
the consumers in terms of seeing how demand augurs to that extent. I don’t think so we 
are getting immediately in terms of looking at any decrease in prices despite the fact that 
there would be a raw material decrease which would kind of happen.  We would love to 
kind of really let things stabilise over a period time and then take a concerted call, in terms 
of what is there because we are all in favour in terms of seeing to us the consumer 
demand sacrosanct and would like to continue to kind of really see that we are growing 
handsomely in the market and overall gaining share. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi:  Okay, thank you Amit I could see the bandage on your hand so please 
take care.  
 
Amit Syngle: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you Sir.  Our next caller is Mr. Percy Panthaki (IIFL Securities) joining 
us through zoom video platform. Sir, request you to unmute yourself and proceed with 
your question. 
 
Percy Panthaki: Hi Sir am I audible? 

 
36 | P a g e 
 
 
Amit Syngle: Yes, you are. 
 
Percy Panthaki: Two questions from me.  One is, what is the total price increases that has 
been taken between 31st March of this year versus what it is now.  That’s the first one. 
Second one is, your difference between the derived pricing, that is the volume you give 
versus the sales and the announced price increases, if we add up on a YOY basis, the 
difference is quite high this quarter may be about 13-14 percentage points.  The derived 
is 10% which is 20 minus 10 and the announced price increase are close to about 24%. So 
where do you see the stabilising.  See we have always had some amount of difference 
between the derived and announced price increase.  This quarter, It is definitely on the 
higher side, but would you say that out into the future say FY2024 or something, we would 
still have something close to 10% difference in the derived pricing, sorry derived versus 
the announced pricing. Yeah, those are my 2 questions. 
 
Amit Syngle: No I don’t think so it is that simplistic the way you are kind of putting up, but 
first of all I must tell you that that between 31st of March and now, we have taken about 
approximately 3% price hike over a total inflation of about close to about 8% in terms of 
what has happened in quarter 1 and quarter 2 to that extent. So that’s in terms of the 
price increase numbers in terms of what you were asking.  The other is from the point of 
view of this derived number in terms of the volume and the derived value growth in terms 
of what you are kind of speaking of. See this is a larger function of too many factors which 
kind of come in to play one is the whole area of the product mix; in terms of how the 
product mix is auguring out and which products are doing because the margins on various 
product categories are very very different in terms of what it kinds of really looks at and 
the price increases we have taken are also not uniform across the products.  The price 
increases vary from product category to category. In some categories, the price increases 
have been far higher in some categories the price increases has been strategically kept 
low overall to that extent, so that we don’t kind of really upset the elasticity of pricing at 

 
37 | P a g e 
 
the consumer level to that extent. So, I think going forward, some of this difference will 
kind of continue. It is very difficult to really kind of put a number saying will it be stabilised 
at 10%, will stabilise at 8% or 12%; but I think some variability will look. I think its best 
kind of really look at this thing stabilising and saying that in terms of where do we settle, 
in terms of its kind of a derived growth in terms of what you are talking of. 
 
Percy Panthaki: Sir, reason I ask is, even if we assume that volume growth going into 
FY2024 will remain robust say at around 15%; but FY2024 will have very little price 
increases assuming that the materials stay at the current level and then if just implied 
pricing differential is to the extent of 10%, then we will dip into a single digit value growth 
in FY2024.  So, is that calculation correct and if not, where am I going wrong in that? 
 
Amit Syngle: No, it’s not the correct because you know what can happen is that when the 
volume growth goes up, what I was explaining to you.  If it goes on certain category of 
products where the possibly, the increases which we have taken are fairly high to that 
extent, okay, it would kind of really increase the value growths to that extent in terms of 
overall to that extent.  Now, if it kind of really doesn’t kind really get on to those product 
categories and the growth is coming from some of the other growth categories, then the 
differential would kind of get maintained overall to that extent.  So, I would say that 
possibly going ahead, you know, our aim would be that possibly the you know the we are 
able to focus on the right set of products overall, which kind of gives that kind of a value 
growth and overall gross margin and profitability to that extent. So, as I said, I think the 
correct way to possibly kind of look at is that you can’t put an algorithm or trend on to it 
that it will remain like this.  It kind of really would kind of augur from the point of view of 
how the product mix kind of shapes up and second please remember that this 3% increase 
in terms of what is there which is the which will also have some implications going forward 
to that extent although nominal and not to the tune of what possibly it was last year. 
 
Percy Panthaki: Thanks Sir, very helpful. Thanks, and all the best. 

 
38 | P a g e 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir, we request everyone to kindly limit your questions to only 2. 
Our next caller is Mr. Jaykumar Doshi (Kotak Securities), joining us via zoom video 
platform. 
 
Jaykumar Doshi: Yeah, Hi Good Afternoon, thanks for the opportunity. I want to 
understand this Rs. 2100 crore investment for backward integration of VAE a little better. 
You know, if I did some ballpark maths, your overall RM cost COGS is about Rs. 19,000-
20,000 crores.  So, I am assuming your Emulsion purchase will not be more than Rs. 7,000-
8,000 crores today is that right understanding? 
 
Amit Syngle: No as I said, we don’t kind of really purchase too much of emulsions. We are 
making a lot of emulsion inside but as I said that there is a clear pricing difference in which 
comes in from the point of view of what we are using and what this possible technology 
will kind of offer to that extent. So currently we might be purchasing some quantity of 
this emulsion from outside, which we are trying to make, but overall, when it kind of 
replaces the existing emulsions in terms of what we are using it will also give us a lot of 
benefit.  
 
Jaykumar Doshi: You talked about 500 to 700 basis point gross margin advantage for, in 
putty because of this white cement backward integration.  What is the magnitude of gross 
margin improvement that this capex can drive for your rest of the decorative portfolio or 
emulsions portfolio? 
 
Amit Syngle: So, overall, what we see is in terms of the advantages would be much higher 
as we look at from the point of view of the VAM VAE coming in terms of what it kind of 
really pegs us at from the point of view of overall margins.  What we also have to 
remember is that we will also kind of see that whether as we kind of use this the emulsion 
going forward, whether we would like to kind of absorb those margins or we would like 

 
39 | P a g e 
 
to also pass some of them in strategic pricing overall, in terms of as you go forward to 
that extent.  But I think the margins here could be even higher 
 
Jaykumar Doshi: Final one, how did this 1.5 lac capacity compare versus decorative 
paints.  So, you are targeting 22.57 Lac tonnes of decorative paints capacity so will this 
be… 
 
Amit Syngle: Sorry, we lost you in between. Will this be? 
 
Jaykumar Doshi: How does this 1.5 Lac tonnes capacity of backward integration compares 
versus your overall decorative paints’ capacity of 22.7 Lac tonnes that you are targeting. 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so I think what it does is that it kind of bolsters our overall water-
based emulsions capacity till about I think 2027 or so to that extent.  After that might have 
to go for a further expansion, given the fact that the way we are kind of growing and 
projecting.  So, it would kind of definitely give us an advantage till about 2027-2028, but 
we will then have to kind of get into expansion plans over this 1.5 Lac KL capacity which 
we are talking of. 
 
Jaykumar Doshi: Thank you so much, that’s it from my side. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: Thank you Sir, our next is Mr. Varun Singh (IDBI Securities) joining us through 
teleconferencing.  Sir, I request you to please mention your name and your company 
name and proceed with your question.  Thank you. 
 
Varun Singh: Yeah, thank you very much.  So, my question is on the new endeavours.  So, 
in the decorative segment sir if you can mention some ballpark number with regards to 
how much margin accretive, we expect with backward integration overall company level 
Sir. 

 
40 | P a g e 
 
 
Amit Syngle: Sorry are you saying I couldn’t understand your question. Are you saying 
that because of VAM VAE in terms of this thing because if you are hearing, the previous 
caller was asking exactly that.  
 
Varun Singh: Yes sir, so white cement, VAE VAM combined both any ballpark number that 
we should expect with regard to overall operating margin improvement for the company. 
 
Amit Syngle:  No, as I said that overall basically, I think individually both will affect the 
gross margins in terms of the product categories differently and therefore we will have to 
see from the point of their overall contributions in terms of the business, as we kind of 
grow forward what are you doing; but overall as I said, in both categories. I think the gross 
margin improvement easily to about 4-5% will happen. 
 
Varun Singh: Okay sir, sir my second question is on waterproofing business, so where do 
we stand as on now? You can give some under objective or understanding about the 
overall business. 
 
Amit Syngle: So, waterproofing you are asking… okay, so what we think waterproofing 
we have been in the business of waterproofing for the last about 8 years now.  Overall, 
the business has been growing substantially over all and is now a significant contributor 
in terms of our overall business going forward.  Both at retail level as well as from the 
point of view of projects we have been doing extremely well. We think that as we look at 
from the retail market, we are easily one of the leading players in the market in terms of 
what we are and our brand ‘SmartCare’ has done extremely well. We have a slew of really 
differentiated products which we have offered in the market which are performing very 
well overall in the market. Even from a project point of view, we have kind of got into the 
whole backward integration of looking at making bituminous emulsions and bituminous 
membranes and HDP membranes which are there and specialised range with respect to 

 
41 | P a g e 
 
the repair and construction chemicals. So today I think our range is more than 200 odd 
products which we have which come in the whole area of waterproofing and we think 
that today our positioning of being an expert solution provider is very very strong and this 
is the business we think will continue to kind of do well for us. 
 
Varun Singh: Okay Sir, thank you very much and all the best.  
 
Moderator: Thank you Sir, Thank you all for joining.  I now request Mr. Amit Syngle to 
give the closing remarks 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, I think it was extremely good in terms of taking at least some of the 
questions from you and I think hopefully we have been able to answer some of your 
queries which have come into that extent. We look forward in terms of your interest with 
the brand kind of going up again and again and I can promise you that today, I think the 
whole area of excellence in terms of taking the brand ahead is something which we kind 
of really pursue very very strongly.  
 
Wishing you a very happy Diwali and a strong festival ahead.  
 
Thank you so much! 
 
### 
 
