 
 
 
Ref: STEC NSE/BSE 688/2022                                                             
October 26, 2022 
 
The Secretary,  
BSE Ltd  
P J Towers,  
Dalal St,  
Mumbai 400 001 
The Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra- Kurla Complex Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
                      
Sir,                                                              
 
Ref: ISIN – INE722A01011 
        Scrip Code: BSE – 532498 and NSE - SHRIRAMCIT 
 
Further to our letter STEC NSE/BSE 673/2022 dated October 17, 2022 and STEC NSE/BSE 
681/2022 dated October 25, 2022 regarding intimation of call and audio link of the Earning 
Conference Call respectively please find enclosed the transcripts of the call. 
 
The above information shall be available at the website of the Company www.shriramcity.in .  
 
This is an intimation under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III (Part A) (15) (b) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 
2015 as amended from time to time. 
    
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Shriram City Union Finance Limited,  
 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary  
 
SIGN

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Shriram City Union Finance Limited (SCUF) 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. Y S CHAKRAVARTI – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CEO, SHRIRAM CITY UNION FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. R CHANDRASEKAR – JMD & CFO, SHRIRAM CITY 
UNION FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVI SUBRAMANIAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CEO, SHRIRAM HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. G.S. AGARWAL – CFO – SHRIRAM HOUSING 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KUNAL SHAH – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT:
MR.
Y
S CHAKRAVARTI—
MANAGING
DIRECTOR
&
CEO,
SHRIRAM
CTTY UNION
FINANCE
LIMITED
MR.
R
—JMD
& CFO, SHRIRAM
CITY
UNION
FINANCE
LIMITED
MR.
RAVI
SUBRAMANIAN
— MANAGING
DIRECTOR
&
CEO,
SHRIRAM
HOUSLNG
FINANCE
LIMITED
MR.
G.S.AGARWAL
CFO
— SHRIRAM
HOUSNG
FINANCE
LIMITED
MODERATOR:
Page 1 of15
"Shriram City Union Finance Limited (SCUF)
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call"
MR.
KUNAL
SHAH
-
ICICI
SECURITIES
October
22, 2022
Securities
VoU
uO

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Shriram City Union Finance Limited Q2 FY 
'23 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kunal Shah, from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, sir.  
Kunal Shah: 
Thank you, Nirav. This is Kunal Shah from ICICI Securities. Today, we have with us from 
Shriram City Union Finance, Mr. Y.S. Chakravarti, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. R. 
Chandrasekar, Joint Managing Director and CFO; and from Shriram Housing Finance, we have 
Mr. Ravi Subramanian, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. G.S. Agarwal, CFO for Shriram 
Housing Finance to discuss their Q2 FY '23 and HY FY '23 earnings. So at the onset, let me 
wish the entire management team of Shriram City Union Finance, Shriram Housing as well as 
all the participants on the call, a very Happy Diwali. Over to you, sir. 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
Thank you, Kunal. This is Chakravarti here. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the 
earnings call of Shriram City Union Finance for the second quarter of financial year 2023. I 
would also like to take this opportunity to wish you all and your families a very Happy Diwali 
and also a prosperous and healthy New Year, in case we don't get together before the New Year.  
We declared our results for the quarter yesterday evening and these, along with our investor 
presentation are available for viewing on our website as well as on that of exchanges, and I trust 
that you all have had the opportunity to go through these details. Before I get into discussing the 
performance for the quarter and also the half year, a quick update on our prospective merger 
with Shriram Transport Finance, which will lead to the creation of Shriram Finance Limited. 
The company has obtained approvals, NOC to the scheme from various statutory authorities as 
applicable. The company petition filed with the Honorable National Company Law Tribunal, 
Chennai Bench for sanctioning the scheme was listed for final hearing on October 19, 2022, 
which was heard and the order is awaited. We presume it will take anywhere from a week to ten 
days for the order to reach us. As I've mentioned in our earlier calls, we are already well into the 
process of orienting the business teams of both Shriram City and Shriram Transport to the 
Moderator:
Kunal
Shah:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
Ladies and
good day, and Helcome to Shriram City Union Finance Limited Q2 FY
'23 Earnings Conference Call, hostedby ICICI Sæanties Limited. As a reminder, all participant
Imes will be in the listen-only mode and there Hill
opportunity for you to ask questions
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistancedurmg the conferencecall, please
Signal
operator by pressmg star then zero on your touchtone phone. Pleaæ note that this
conference
being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to
Kunal Shah, from ICICI Secunties_Thank you and over
to you, sir.
Thank you, Nirav. This is Kunal Shah from ICICI Securities. Tcday, Ive have nith us from
Shriram City Union Finance,
Y_S_ Chahavartl,
Managing
and CEO;
Chandrasekar,Joint Managmg Director and CFO; and from Shriram Housing Finance,
have
Ravi Subramanian, Ilanagmg
and CEO; and Nfr_GS Agarwal, CFO for Shriram
Housmg Finance to dinuås åeir
Q2 FY '23 and HY FY '23 earmngs_So at the onset: let me
msh the entire managementteam of Shnram City Limon Finance, Shnram Housing aswell as
all the participants on the call a •ezryHappy Diwali. Over to you, sir.
Thank you, Kunal
This
Chakravarti here.
mommg, evezyone, and uzlcome to the
earnings call of Shriram City Union Finance for the second quarter of financial year 2023. I
would also Ilke to take this opportunity to msh you all and your families a very Happy Diwali
and also aprosperous andhealthy New Year, in caseIve dotfi get together before the New Year.
We
our results for the quarter yesterday evening and these, along nith our mvestor
preentabon areavailable for viewing on our website aswell ason that of exchanges,and I trust
that you all have had the opportunity to go through thesedetailå. Before I get into dlåcuåsingthe
performance for the quarter and also the half year, a quick update on our prospective merger
mth Shriram Transport
which Will leadto the creation of Shriram Financ:eLimited.
The company hasobtained approvals, NIR
to the schemefrom vanous statutory authonties as
applicable. The comæy
petition filed with the Honorable National Company Law Tlüunal,
Chennai Bench for ±anctioning the scheme was luted for final hearing on October
2022,
uhlch was heard and the order is await&å We presume it Hill take anywhere Yom a week to ten
days for the order to reach us.As I've mentioned in our earlier calls, we arealready well into the
prcQss of orienting the business teams of bath Shnram City and Shriram Transport to the
Page 2 of IS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
products and lending practices of both organizations. The process has since gathered more 
traction and the pilot has been extended to about 1,200 branches and going on. The integration 
of our respective information technology platform is also ready for completion. 
Now to the business performance. First, we will take a look at the consolidated numbers, which 
include the metrics of Shriram Housing Finance. Our consolidated disbursements for the quarter 
stood at 9,069 crores, a growth of 28.5% year-on-year. Consolidated disbursements for the half 
year at Rs. 17,795 crores were up by 50.3%. Consolidated AUM reached 42,663 crores, a year-
on-year growth of 23% and quarter-on-quarter growth of 5.6%. 
Operating income for the quarter at 2,155 crores, grew by 26.2% year-on-year and 7.6% 
sequentially. Half yearly consolidated operating income was up 25.3%. Net interest income in 
Q2 at Rs. 1,327 crores was up by 29.8% Y-o-Y and 6.4% Q-on-Q. 
NII for the first half of financial year '23 at 2,574 crores was higher by 29.5% over the same 
period last year. Pre-provision profit in the second quarter this year is 741 crores, higher by 
22.9% Y-o-Y and 5.4% quarter-on-quarter. And half yearly pre-provision profits were up 21.4%. 
Consolidated profit after tax for the quarter at 383 crores was up by 27.2% Y-o-Y and 8.5% 
sequentially and at Rs. 736 crores for the first half of this year, higher by 41.5%. 
Coming to the standalone details, during the quarter, Shriram City disbursed loans were 8,020 
crores, a growth of almost 25% year-on-year and our best ever performance. Our disbursements 
for the half year ended September grew by 45.2% over the comparable period last year. 
Standalone assets under management grew to Rs. 36,117 crores, a growth of 18.7% year-on-
year and 4.4% quarter-on-quarter. 
The growth was led by loan against property, personal loans, auto loans and two wheeler loans. 
While growth in LAP and auto loans was somewhat off a low base effect, our growth in personal 
loans is a testimony to our cross-selling ability and our digital initiatives. You will recall my 
informing you on earlier occasions that our personal loan book increasingly comprises cross-
sold facilities to our existing customers who have either recently successfully completed their 
loans or close to doing so. This makes way for better asset quality. 
We expect that in the festival season in the current quarter, which will also spillover into Q4, 
our two wheeler loan book will grow significantly as well as our small enterprise finance 
portfolio. We continued to better our previous performance as concerns profitability. Our pre-
provision profits were 691 crores, our PBT was 466 crores and our net profit was 349 crores. 
All these represent our best ever figures. Our PAT for the first half of FY '23 at 672 crores was 
37.1% higher than the previous half year. Our loan yield at 22.22% is one of the  best ever. 
We clocked our highest ever top-line net interest income in the quarter. Interest income at 1,964 
crores was up 24% year-on-year and 6.6% quarter-on-quarter. Our NIMs have further improved 
to 13.93%. Our asset quality continues to improve and our gross Stage 3 came in at 5.93% at the 
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
products and lendmg practices of
organizations. The prcQss has since gathered more
traction and the pilot hasbeen extendedto about 1,200 branches and going on. The integration
of our respective Information technology platform is also ready for completion.
Now to the businessperformance. First, we will take a
at the consolidatai numbers, which
include the metrics of Shnram Housmg Finance. Our consolidated disbursementsfor the quarter
stocni at 9,069 crores, a growth of 285% year on-year. Consolidated disbursements for the half
year at Rs. 17,795 croreswere up by 50.3%. Consolidated AUM reachai 42,663 crores, a year-
on-year growth of 23% and quarter-on-quarter grouth of
Operatmg income for the quaner at 2,155 crores, grew by 26.2% year on-year and 7.6%
sequentially. Half yearly consolidated operating income was up
Net interest mcome in
Q2 at R_s_1,327 croreswas up by 29.80/0Y-o-Y and 6.4% Q-on-Q_
NII for the first half of financial year 23 at 2,574 crores was higher by 295% over the same
penod last year. Pre-provision profit m the
quaner this year is 741 crores, higher by
22.9% Y-o- Y and 5.4% quaffer-on-quaner. And halfyearly pre-provmonprofits
nere up 21.40/0
Consolidated profit after tax for the quaffer at 383 crores nas up by 27.2% Y-o-Y and 850/0
sequentially and at Rs. 736 crores for the first half of this year, higher by 4150/0_
Coming to the standalonedetails, during the quaffer, Shriram City disbursed loans were SZ020
crores, a grouth of almost 250/0year-on-year and our bestever performance. Our disbursements
for the half year ended September grew by 45.2% over the comparable penod last year.
Standalone assetsunder management grew to
36,117 crores, a grouth of
year-on-
year and 4.40/0quarter-on-quarter.
The growth nas led by loan against
personal loans, auto loans and two Wheler loans.
While growth in LAP and auto loanswas somenhat off a low base
our youth
m personal
loans IS a testimony to our cross-sellmg ability and our digital initiatives. You uill
recall my
informmg you on earlier occasions that our personal loan
increasingly compnæs cross-
sold åcilihes
to our existing customeråwho have either recently successåLIIycompleted their
loans or close to doing so. This makesuzy for better assetquality.
We expect that in the festival seasonin the current quarter, which will also spillover into Q4,
our two wheeler loan
uill
grow significantly
as well as our small enterprise finance
portfolio. We continued to better our preuous performance asconcems profitability.
Our pre-
provision profits were 691 crores, our PBT was 466 crores and our net profit was 349 crores.
All theserepresent our
ever figures. Our PAT for the firåt half ofFY
'23 at 672 crores was
37_10/0higher than
previous half year. Our loan yield at 22.22%
one of the best ever.
We clocked our highest ever top-line net interest income in the quater. Interest mcome at I $64
crores was up 24% year-on-year and 6_
quarter-on-quarter. ON NINE have Nuther improved
to 13.930/0_Our assetquality continues to improve and our grossStage3 camem at 193% at the
Page 3 of IS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
end of the quarter. Our provision coverage ratio at 46.11% remained largely stable. A reflection 
of the asset quality was also seen in the credit cost, which dropped to 2.55% and in the lower, 
COVID-related provisioning, which was at 289 crores. 
Keeping with and in order to capitalize on the improving business environment, we added 
branches as well as manpower in the quarter. Our branch network now stands at 1,021, while 
our employee count is 30,606. On the resources front, our outstanding borrowing at the end of 
the quarter stood at Rs. 32,312 crores. Our liability mix remains steady, bank limits making up 
51% of the mix, retail fixed deposits at 23% and market borrowing at 21%. 
The door-to-door maturity of our incremental borrowings remained steady at 38 months. Our 
liquidity at the end of Q2 in the form of free cash and bank balances stood at 4,559 crores. Apart 
from this, we also had sanctioned and undrawn lines of another 2,150 crores. Our subsidiary, 
Shriram Housing Finance Limited put in an excellent performance in Q2 as well. They clocked 
their highest ever quarterly disbursements since inception, having crossed 1,000 crores for the 
first time and representing a growth of 31.9% quarter-on-quarter. Their AUM at Rs.  6,546 crores 
grew by 54% year-on-year and 13% quarter-on-quarter. 
It gives us pride to report that based on its performance over the last couple of years, Shriram 
Housing Finance is considered the fastest growing affordable housing finance company in the 
country. Shriram Housing Finance's asset quality continues to improve and the company 
registered a 90-plus DPD at less than 1% on AUM. Their profitability metrics were once again 
outstanding. Pre-provision quarterly profits exceeded 50 crores for the first time and PAT for 
the quarter at 34 crores grew 81% year-on-year and 13% quarter-on-quarter. Shriram Housing 
Finance's cross-selling initiative – Griha Poorti - continues to gain traction and contributed to 
14% of the total disbursement in Q2. The company had a liquidity reservoir of 1,127 crores at 
the end of Q2, which provides a strong financial backstop. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. And we will now take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin for the question-and-answer-session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question, may please press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish 
to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are 
requested to use handsets, while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Kunal Shah 
from ICICI Securities. 
Kunal Shah: 
So firstly, with respect to the transitioning towards the merger and maybe initiatives at the branch 
level where, we are seeing a really good response in terms of a cross-sell, if that has started, and 
how we are incentivizing and what's the process that is being considered to ensure that both at 
SCUF as well as Shriram Transport, there is enough cross-selling amongst the customers there. 
So that's the first question. And second, when you look at it in terms of the rate increases, so if 
you can highlight in terms of how the pass-ons have been in the various segments and where 
Moderator:
Kunal
Shah:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
end of the quarter. Our provision coverageratio at 46.11% remained largely stable.A reflection
of the assetquality was also seenin the credit cost, which droppa to 2.55% and in the loner,
COVID-reIated provisioning, which was at 289 crores_
Keeping uith and in order to capitalize on the improving busmess environment,
added
branches aswell asmanpower in the quarter. Our branch network now stands at I ,021, uhlle
our employee count E SO,
On the resourcesfront, our outstanding hrrowing
at the end of
the quarter
at Rs. 32,312 crores. ON liability mix remains steady,bank limits making up
510/0of the mix, retail fixed deposits at 23% and market borrowing at 21',4_
The door-to-door maturity of our incremental borrowings remained steady at 38 months. Our
liquidity at the end of Q2 in the form of free cashand bank balancesstood at 4,559 crores. Apart
from this, Ive also had sanctioned and undraum lines of another 2,150 crores. Our subsidiary,
Shriram Housing Finance Limited put in an excellent performance in Q2 aswell They clocked
their highest ever quarterly disbursements smce inception, having crosæd I ,OOOcrores for the
firsttime andrepresenting a grcnvthof31
quarter-on-quarter. Their AUNIatRs.
6,546 crores
grew by
yearOn-year and 13% quaner-on-quaner
It gives us pride to report that basai on its performance over the last couple of years, Shriram
Housmg Finance is considered the fasteåtgrowing aårdable
housing finance company in the
counhy. Shnram Housing Finance's asset quality
continues to improve and the company
registered a go-plus DPD at lessthan 1% on AUXL Their profitability
metrics were once again
outstanding. Pre-provision quuterly profits exceeded 50 crores
the fråt time and PAT for
the quarter at 34 crores grew
year-on-year and
quaner-on-qualter. Shriram Housmg
Finance's croås selling initiative —Griha Pooni - continues to gam traction and contnb2ted to
14% of the total disbursement in Q2. The company had a liquidity reservoir of 1,127 crores at
the end of Q2, nhlch provides a strong financial backstop_
With this, I conclude my oæmg
remarks_And
will now take questions.
Thank you very much. We nill
now begin for the question-and-answer-session.Anyone who
mshes to ask a question, may pleasepressstar and one on their touchtone telephone.Ifyou
to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are
requested to use handsets: %hhlleasking a questiom Ladies and gentlemeu
wait for a
moment nhile the question queue asæmbles_The first question
from the line ofKunaI
Shah
from
ICICI
Secunbes.
Sofirstly, uithrespectto
the transitioning towards die merger andmaybe mitiatives at the branch
level where, we are seemga really good respone in tenns of a cross sell, if that hasstarted, and
how
are Incentivizing and whats the procesåthat ISbeing considered to ensurethat boå at
SCUF aswell asShnram Transport, there is enough cross-sellmg amongstthe customersthere.
So thats the first question. And
Hhen you I&Okat It in terms of the rate Increases,so If
you can highlight m terms of how the pass-onshave been in daevarious segments and where
Page 4 of IS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
maybe the rates have not been passed on to the extent of the increase in the funding cost? So I 
think that can help because the margins are more or less improved, but just want to get the sense 
in terms of the pricing power? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
On the merger and each of the organizations' selling other products, as I said, we are now running 
a pilot in about 1,200 locations and by end of the month, all the locations will be doing it. So it's 
basically, most of the traction is coming from the STFC branches, it's coming in SME and gold 
loan.. 
From SCUF branches, not so much as of now on the commercial vehicles. But whatever is 
happening, it is mostly in the HCV and LCV segment where most of the leads are being 
generated by the SCUF team. They're being incentivized. Basically, right now, we do have each 
of these organizations have an incentive scheme for their marketing team, sales team. What we 
are doing on the cross-sell initiative, we are giving them ten bips more than what, say, for a 
SCUF sales guy generating a STFC product. For example, for the same product, STFC guy gets 
X, the SCUF guy will get X plus point one. We just want to encourage these people into 
generating leads and closing those leads with the help of the STFC team. 
Similarly, for SCUF products, the same thing is happening and as of today, we don't see any 
hiccups going forward in integrating these two organizations. On the tech side also, all these 
1,200 branches you see, have access to the LOS of both the organizations. So they will be able 
to originate and pass on the lead or the lead can get captured on a mobile platform where access 
is given to the employees of both the system teams as of now. 
And as far as your question #2 is concerned, Kunal, I'll ask RC to take the question on increase 
in cost of funds and how is it affecting our lending. 
R. Chandrasekar: 
So with reference to the, if you've seen the rate, it's actually going up, as we said, in the market, 
but we are able to hold it at present. For example, last year, H1 we were able to do 8.21%, now 
this H1 we are at 8.29% and so on the incremental borrowing, during this quarter, it's 8.74%. 
And if you look at the yield also, this change in the product mix has increased to above 20%, 
now we are already around 22%. So incremental borrowing cost has not gone up steeply, but 
yield has actually gone up. So I think our NIM is quite steady. We hope that we will maintain 
our NIM around 13% going forward. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, in terms of the product categories, how much we would have passed on with respect to say 
the small enterprise finance and say in terms of the personal loans? And what would be there 
with respect to say the two wheelers and gold loans? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
We have actually held our lending rates steady as of now, Kunal. We've decided we will not 
pass on the rate, because the yields and the NIM, if you look at it are better than what we have 
seen in the last one year, it's also because of the change in the product mix. From 12.90%, our 
NIM has gone to 13.93%, if you have noticed. So as long as we are able to hold it around 13%, 
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
R.
Chandrasekar:
Kunal
Shah:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
maybe the rates have not ten
passedon to the extent ofthe mcreasein the funding cost? So I
think that canhelp becausethe margins arernore or less improve:cLbut just nant to get the sense
in terms of the pncmg power?
On the merger andeachofthe organizations' sellmg other products, asI said,we arenow runnmg
a pilot in about
locations and by end ofthe month, all the locations
be domg It So
basically, rnost of the traction
coming from the STFC branches,its coming m SNIE and gold
From
SCUF branches, not so much as of now on the commercial
vehicles.
But whatever
is
happening, it is mostly in the HCV and LCV
segment where moåt of
leads are bemg
generatedby the SCUF team. Theyye being incentivized. Basically, right now,
do have each
of theseorgamzahons have an incentive schemefor their marketing team, salesteam. What we
are doing on the cross-Ell initiative, we are givmg them ten bips more than '.vhat: say, for a
SCUF salesguy generating a STFC product. For example for the sameproduct, STFC guy gets
X, the SCUF guy uill
get X plus point one. We just want to encourage these people mto
generating leads and closing those leadswith the help of the STFC team.
Similarly, for SCUF
the samething is happening and as oftoday, we dont seeany
hiccups going forward in integrating these two organizahow
On the
side also, all these
1,200 branchesyou see,have accessto the LOS ofboth the organizations. So they Will be able
to onginate and passon the lead or the lead canget captured on a mobile platform nhere access
is given to the employees of both the systemteamsasof now.
And ashr asyour question
is concernecLKunal, I'll askRC to takethe question on increaæ
in cost of finds and how is it affecting our lending.
So with referenceto the, Ifyou've seendaerate, its actually gomg up, aswe
in the market,
but we areable to hold it at present.For example, last year: HI we 'Aereable to do
now
this HI we are at 8.290/0md so on the mcremental
dunng this quaner, Its 8.74%.
And If you look at daeyield a_IåO:thiå changein the product mix has mcreawd to above 20%,
now we are already around 220/0.So mcremental borromng cost has not gone up steeply, but
yield has actually gone up. So I dlink our NINI is quite steady. We hope that Ive uill
mamtain
our
around 13% going forward.
Sir, in terms of the product categones,how much we would havepassedon uith resp:t
to say
the small enterprise finance and say in terms of the personal loans? And Hhat •muld be there
mth respectto saythe two wheelers and gold loans?
We have actually held our lending rates steady as of now, Kunal WSve decided we "ill
not
passon daerate,
the yields and the NINI, if you look at it are better than %hatwe have
seenin the last one year:
also becauseofthe changein the product mix. From 12.90%, our
NINIhas gone to
if you havenoticed. So aslong aswe are ableto hold It around 13%,
Page 5 of IS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
we would not like to pass on the cost to the customer. There could be a slight tweaking here and 
there depending on the product. For example, gold, we have increased it by 50 bps. But rest of 
it, we have held on to the rates. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question is from 
the line of Vivek from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
Sir, good morning and happy Deepavali to you all. Is it fair to say that given the fact that your 
lending rates are already in the 20% plus for most of the categories that when the economy does 
well and let's say the rates are high, your credit cost will come down and that will compensate 
and give you the ROA that you desire and the reverse will happen when the rates fall, some 
credit cost increase will absorb it, vis-a-vis the ROA perspective. Would that be a fair way of 
looking at your approach? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
Yes and no, because see, even in the post-pandemic, if you look at the number post-pandemic, I 
don't know, if you can call it, today, the economy is doing well with all the inflation and the rate 
hike. But see, more or less, we were able to hold on and also bring down the cost of credit, right? 
So I think it's more of a segment that we are funding where our ability to collect or our ability 
to reach out to the customer and convince him that this needs to be paid, probably saying that, 
rather than I would say any textbook logic. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
The second -- my last question is this. In terms of, I know the merger is going to be ongoing and 
the cross-sell and so on, but if you take it away on the pure NBFC business, for incremental sales 
in the cost income have to be maintained or is there some scalability which comes in this business 
as you grow AUM? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
So the cost to income will have to come down, there are no two-ways about it. We would ideally 
like it to be below, around 38% or so. That is what we will keep working, for this segment of 
products. Now on a combined balance sheet basis, obviously, it will look lower. But since we 
would be tracking product-wise, we would like this, the current basket of products that SCUF is 
doing should be around 38%. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
But given it's a credit-intensive, collection-intensive business, is digitization the way to reduce 
costs or how does it happen, sir? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
See, I'll put it this way. Digitization will probably give me efficiencies and say when my sales 
guy needs to do a 15 steps, we can do it in five steps. There is improvement of process through 
digitization, which it's an online process which we are doing there. And probably free him up, 
so that his productivity can go up. The other side of the digital process is to get into the digital 
market and build the portfolio through the digital platform where we are also working on it 
parallelly. 
So for the digital side of the business, to make a significant impact on the cost, it will take time, 
probably, I would say, two to three years horizon. But then again, the products that are amenable 
Moderator:
Vivek
Ram
a krishnan:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Vivek
Ram
a krishnan:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Vivek
Ram
a krishnan:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
we nould not like to passon the cost to the customer.There could
a slight tweaking here and
there depending on the product For example, gold,
have mcreasedit by 'O bps_But rest of
we
have
held
on to the
rates.
Thank you Participants you may pressstar and oneto ask a question. The next question is from
the
line
of Vivek
from
DSP
Mutual
Fund.
Sir,
moming and happy Deepavali to you all. Is it åir to say that given the fact that your
lending rates arealready in the 20% plus for most of the categoriesthat %hhendie economy does
well and lets saythe rates are high, your credit cost will come donn and that Will compensate
and give you the ROA ffat you desire and the reverse uill
happen when the rates åll,
some
credit cost increase Will
it, vis-a-vls the ROA pers#ctlve_ Would diat
a fair way of
Ic&mg
at your approach?
Yes and no, becausesee,evenin the post-pandemic, Ifyou look at the number pst-pandemic,
dont know, if you cancall it today, the economy is doing well uith all die inflation andthe rate
hike. But see,more or less,we nere ableto hold on andalso bring donn the cost of credit, right?
So I think its more of a segmentthat we are funding %hherecn_lrability to collect or our ability
to reach out to the customer and convince him that this needsto
palCLprobably saying that,
rather than I nould say any textbook logic.
The second
my last question is this_In tenns of, I know the merger
going to be ongoing and
the cross-selland soon, but Ifyou take it away on the pure NE FC business,for mcremental sales
in the cut incomehaveto
maintamai or is there somescalability which comesin this business
asyou grow AUXE
Sothe cost to mcome"ill
haveto come dovm, there areno
-ways
it We uould Ideally
Ilke it to be below, arol_md38% or so. That IS•ahat
will keep working, for this segment of
products. Now on a combined balance sheetbasis, obviously, it %ill
lower. But since we
would
tracking product-mse
we would like this, the current basketof products that SCUF is
doing should be around 3go,'.
But given its a credit-intensive, collection-intensive business,
digitization the nay to reduce
costs or how doesit happen, sir?
See,HI put it this nay. Digitization will probably give me effciencies and say when my sales
guy needsto do a
steps,
can do it m five steps.There is improvement of processårough
which its an online processwhich Ive are doing there. And probably free him up,
so that his productivity can go up. The other side of the digital prcQss is to get mto the digital
market and bulld the portfolio through the digital platform where Ive are also working on it
So for the digital Sideof the business,to make a significant impact on the cost, It Will take time
probably, I no_lld say,two to thre yearshorizon. But then agam,the proiucts that areamenable
Page 6 of IS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
for digital lending are not our core products, which are basically our truck finance and secured 
SME lending, probably unsecured SME, unsecured business loan, yes, it can be done. But 
secured business loans and truck finance would more or less be a, physically high-touch model. 
What we are trying to do there is to make the life of our customer and our employee easier by 
digitizing certain processes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants you may press star and one to ask a question. Ladies and gentlemen you 
may press star and one to ask a question. Next follow-up is from the line of Kunal Shah from 
ICICI Securities. 
Kunal Shah: 
So to Ravi on the housing finance business. So again, on that yield question. If we really look 
over here in terms of the increase in the interest expense, that's been in the range of almost 90-
odd basis points quarter-on-quarter. And there has been a similar increase in yields as well and 
margins have been stable. So here in terms of housing, how has been the pass on in the interest 
rates, if you can just highlight that? And how many rounds we have done in terms of raising the 
rates? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
Kunal, Ravi here. Our borrowing cost has not gone up by 90 basis points, it's probably the 
expense has gone up by 90 basis points, largely because, last quarter we had NHB borrowing, 
in this quarter we didn't. And NHB borrowing, as all of you know, comes at a much cheaper 
rate. Our borrowing cost has gone up by about 30 to 40 basis points. 
G.S. Agarwal: 
17 basis points. 
Ravi Subramanian: 
17 basis points overall. We passed on the rates to our customers. In the first week of August, we 
increased our rates by 75 basis points on our book. And in the first week of October, we've 
increased it by another 25 basis points. So overall, we've passed 100 basis points to our 
customers. And not only that, our origination yield has also gone up by about 60 basis points 
compared to March. So overall, yes, I think we are reasonably confident of not only maintaining 
our NIMs, but probably increasing it by another 20 basis points. 
Kunal Shah: 
And in terms of, maybe the pressure on the competition side or maybe with respect to the balance 
transfer, because I think across the board, there has been quite variance in terms of the various 
players are increasing the rates on the affordable housing side. Are we seeing any more BT-outs 
or inquiries with respect to rate aspect? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
On the contrary, Kunal, this quarter has been our lowest ever in terms of BT-outs. Our attrition 
rate on the retail segment has been the lowest this quarter than the last four quarters. And our 
retail attrition is in the region of about 13% to 14% this quarter, which includes the BT-out. So 
overall, I think BT is normally, is not a big concern in a rising rate scenario. BT typically 
becomes a concern when the rates start going down because that's when everybody starts 
jumping for lower rates. But at this point in time, no, BT-out is not a concern at all. 
Moderator:
Kunal
Shah:
Ravi
Subramanian:
G.S. Agarwal:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Kunal
Shah:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
for digital lending are not our core products, which arebasically our huck finance and secured
SNE lending
probably
SNIE, unsecured business loan, yes, it can be done. But
securedbusmessloam and buck finance would more or less
a: physically high touch modeL
What Ive are try-ing to do diere is to make the life of our customer and our employee easierby
digitizing cenain processes.
Thank you. Participants you may pressstar and oneto aska question. Ladles and gentlemenyou
may press star and one to ask a question. Next follow-up is from the line of Kunal Shah from
ICICI
So to Ravi on the housing finance business. So again, on that yield question. If we really look
over here in tams of the Increasein daeinterest exææ,
that s ban in the range of almost 90-
odd basis points quarter-on-quarter. And there has
a similar increase in yields aswell and
margms havebeen stable. So here in terms ofhousmg, how has beendaepasson in the Interest
rates, Ifyou canjust highlight that? And how many rounds we have done in terms of ralsmg the
Kunal, Ravi here. Our borrowing cost has not gone up by 90 basis points, its probably the
expensehas gone up by 90 basis points, largely because,last quaffer we had NHB
in thiå quarter we didn't. And
bar-rowing, as all of you how,
comes at a much cheaper
rate. Our borrowing cost hasgone up by about 30 to 40 basis vmnts_
17 basis points.
17 basis points overall. We passedon the rates to our customers.In the first wek
of August, we
increased our rates by 75 basis points on our book And in the first
of October, uz've
increased it by another 25 basis pmts.
So overall, we've passed 100 basis points to our
customers. And not only that, our origination yield has also gone up by about 60 basis points
compa_redto Xlarch_ So overall, yes, I think we arereasonably confident ofnot only maintainmg
our Nnvls, but probably increasing it by another 20 basis points.
And in terms of, maybethe pressureon the competition side or maybe"fth resp:t
to the balance
transfer, becauseI dLink acrossthe board, ffere hasten
quite vanance in temu of the vanous
players areIncreasing the rates on the affordable housing Side_Are we seeingany more B T-outs
or inquiries mth respectto rate aspect?
On the contraly, Kunal, this quarter hasbeen our lowest ever in terms ofBT-outs.
Our attrition
rate on the retail segmenthas been the lowest this quaner than the last four quarters. And our
retail attrition is in the region of about 13%to 14% this quarter, nhlch includes the B T-out_ So
overall, I think BT is normally, is not a big concem in a rising rate scenano. BT typically
becomes a concem when the rates start going doum because thats 'Ahen everybody starts
jumping for lower rates. But at this pomt in time, no, BT-out is not a concern at all.
Page 7 oflS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Kunal Shah: 
And maybe in terms of the overall construction finance portfolio. So further that component 
seems to be going up almost like 1.2%-odd on a quarter-on-quarter. So last time also you alluded 
that you would take that proportion up. But maybe if you can just highlight in terms of the 
profile, the ticket size? And is it chunky in nature or this is well spread here? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
For us, construction finance is largely a tool to increase our retail in the sense that we would like 
to fund only those builders from where we get a certain amount of retail out. But if you ask me 
whether that's been coming through, not to the level that I would want it to. So that is the reason 
why we would want to keep construction finance and/or corporate loans at under 8% to 9%. We 
will not go beyond that in terms of our contribution to AUM. 
These are typically single towers, builders who have availed construction finance in the past, 
builders who construct smaller properties and we are a bit paranoid about our capitalization. So 
we try to get in the money as quickly as possible and that is the reason why our builder finance 
actually attrites at a pretty fast rate compared to our retail portfolio. 
In fact, our builder finance attrites at roughly about 60% plus on a regular basis. So we are very, 
very conservative as far as builder finance is concerned. It is not a AUM building tool for us, 
and that's the way it will be. 
Kunal Shah: 
And lastly, to Mr. Chakravarti sir. Now overall, when we look at the OpEx, would there be any 
element of higher cost getting into the merger or transitioning into the merger? And overall 
OpEx to assets you highlighted with respect to cost to income, but when we look at OpEx to 
assets, that also seems to be upwards of 6%-odd. So where do we see the steady state with respect 
to that number? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
See ideally, it should come down because you now have access to pre-established branch 
network for expansion. So that actually should bring down the OpEx overall. One. Two is, so in 
fact, when we are trying to expand to more areas for say, our gold loan or our SME now, now 
we have the advantage of STFC's established branches in those locations, plus also some offset 
in manpower cost there. So these two things should help us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
Sir, it's me again. I think Mr. Kunal's questions prompt me ask a few more questions. In terms 
of, this is on the housing. Are the rate hikes which are being passed on to customers resulting in 
increased tenors or increased EMIs? And how do you see your customer health given this 
economic environment, as Mr. Chakravarti rightly pointed out, inflation is very high. So that's 
question #1. And once we answer this question, I'll come to question two, sir. 
Ravi Subramanian: 
So most of these rate hikes have resulted in increasing tenors and keeping the EMI constant. We 
do not want to burden the customers by increasing the EMI and keeping the tenor constant. So 
one, it's not led to a fair bit of angst at the customer end, because I think customers are prepared 
for the rate hikes. And now whether it generically, if our customers' repayment capability has 
Kunal
Shah:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Kunal
Shah:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Moderator:
Vivek
Ram
a krishnan:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
And maybe in terms of the overall conshuction finance porffolio_ So
that component
seemsto be going up almost like I. 20/eodd on a quarter-on-quaner. So lasttime also you alluded
that you would take that proportion up. But maybe if you can just highlight in terms of the
profile, the ticket size?And is it chunky in nature or this
uell spreadhere?
For us, construction finance is largely atool to increaseour retail in the sensethat
would Ilke
to find only
builders from %herewe get a catain amount of retail out. But if you ask me
uhether that'sbeen coming
not to the level that I would want it to So that is the reason
we would want to keepconsüuction finance and/or corprate loans at under
to
We
Will not go beyond that in terms of our contlüutlon
to ALTIL
These are typically smgle towers, builders who have availed construction finance in the past,
builders nho conshuct smaller properties and we are a bit paranoid about our capitahzation_ So
we try to get in the money
quickly aspossible and that is daereason why our builder finance
actually attrites at a pretty fist rate compared to our retail prtfolio_
In
our builder finance attntes at roughly about 60% plus on aregular basis. So Ive arevery,
very conservative asfar asbuilder finance is concemed_It is not a AUNI building tool for us,
and did sthe nay it "ill
And lastly, to
Chahavarti sir. Now overall, when we Icok at the
nould there be any
element of higher cost getting mto dae merger or tanåitioning
Into dae merger? And overall
OPEX to assetsyou highlighted with respect to cost to income, but when we look at OPEXto
assets,that also seemsto beupwards of 60/eodd. Sowhere do
seethe steadystateWith respect
to diat
number?
See Ideally, It should come doun because you now have accessto pre-established branch
network for expansion So that actually should bnng doun the OPEXoverall. One.
is, soin
fict. when
aretying
to expandto more areasfor say, our gold loan or our SNIE now, now
we have the advantageof STFCs establishedbranchesin those Iceations, plus also someoöet
in
cost there. So these
things should help us.
The next question is from the line of Vivek from DSP Mutual Fund.
Sir, Its me again. I think
Kunal's questions prompt me ask a few more questions. In terms
of, this is on the housing. Are the rate hikesHhlch arebeing passedon to customersresulting m
increased tenorå or increased EWE? And how do you seeyour customer health given this
economic environment, asNfr_Chahavarti rightly pomted out, mflation is vay high. So thats
question
And oncewe ans'A•erthis question, TII cometo question
sir.
Somost of theserate hikes haveresulted m increasmgtenors and keeping the E.I•vIIconstant We
do not •a-anto burden the customers by increasing the E.I•vIIand keeping the tenor constant So
one,
not led to a hir bit of angstat the customerend, becauseI think customersareprepared
for the rate hikes. And now whether it genencally, if our customers' repayment capability has
Page 8 of IS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
deteriorated, well, there are no indications for that. Our bounce rates have held, which means 
that the customers are paying EMIs on time. 
Our collections have held, which means customers have been able to pay back on time. But what 
you need to bear in mind is the fact that housing is a very emotional connect product. And 
nobody wants to default on a housing loan unless they have to. So I think in terms of 
performance, in terms of deterioration of credit quality, et cetera, housing will be the product 
where you see it happening the last of all. And that's the reason why -- as of now, it's holding, 
and we have no warning signals to even give us an indication that things may turn for the worse 
because of the macro-economic environment. 
G.S. Agarwal: 
And also, Vivek, like around less than 2% of the customers we have to increase the EMIs. Rest, 
almost 98% customers, we have increased the tenor only. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
The second question is on balance transfers. And you rightly said, in a low interest rate 
environment, the balance transfers seem to be higher. Is it because at those, the banks have other 
things to do at this point of time and they're easing their foot on mortgages and they're going to 
more self-origination, giving you space rather than when the economy is slack where they're 
trying to push products for their own growth and they are taking away your customers. Is that a 
way to look at it from a macro perspective? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
No. I think, by and large, the focus that banks have on mortgages is pretty much there. I don't 
think they've taken the pedal off. You look at SBI's numbers, you look like HDFC's numbers, 
doesn’t give you an indication that they've actually taken the foot off the pedal. I probably think 
that when consumers have larger issues to deal with, balance transfer is not on the mind. One. 
Two, I think intrinsically, we have a moat around our business. We are largely a self-employed 
loan provider. And 80% of our business comes through self-employed, which is the highest in 
this entire space. And because we are largely self-employed, the balance transfers are largely the 
remit of the salaried customers. If you go back and look, do an analysis, typically, the salaried 
customers are the first to jump ship and jump for 25 basis points and 30 basis points differential 
in pricing. So because of the intrinsic moat around our business, I think our balance transfers are 
low in our retail business in general. And that trend continues. 
I think there's been a little bit of a benefit that we have had because of the rising debt 
environment, but that's it. I don't think it's because of the banks taking foot off the pedal. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Securities. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just one question from my side and this is with respect to the bounce rate in the housing business. 
It looks like bounce rates have been inching up for the last two quarters. And probably we are, 
what is the trend out there? I know 1 plus DPD exercise is very much under control, but, and I'm 
looking at cases post-Jan 2019? 
G.S. Agarwal:
Vivek
Ram
a krishnan:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Moderator:
Nischint
Chawathe:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
deteriorated,
there are no indications
for that. Our
rates have held, uhlch
means
that the customers arepaying Evils on time.
Our collections have
which meanscustomer haveben ableto pay back on time. But what
you ned
to
in mmd is åe fact that housing is a very emotional connect product And
nobody wants to deåult
on a housing loan unless they have to. So I dlink
in tenns of
performance, m terms of deterioration of credit quality, et cetera: housing Will be the product
uhere you seeit happening the last of all. And thats the reason why
asofnow,
Its holding,
and Ive haveno warning sIgnals to even give us an indication that things may turn for the worse
because
of the
macro-economic
environment.
And also, Vivek
like around less than 2% ofthe
customers we have to increase the EMIs. Rest,
almost ggyocustomers, we have increasedthe tenor only.
The second question is on balance transfers. And you rightly
said, in a low interest rate
environment, the balancetransfers seemto be higher. Is it teaus,e at those,åe banks have other
things to do at this point of time and they're easing theu foot on mortgages and they're going to
more self-origination, gwzng
spacerather dian when the economy is slack where they're
trying to push products for their oun growth and they aretaking anay your customers_Is that a
uay to look at It from a macro perspective?
No. I think, by and large, the focus that banks have on mortgages is pretty much there. I dont
think åegve taken the pedal off
You look at SBI's numbers, you look Ilke HDFCs numbers,
dæsn' t gwe you an indication that åeyéve actually taken the foot off the pedal
probably think
that when consumershave larger issuesto dealwith, balance transfer is not on the mind. One.
Two, I dlink intrinsically, Ive have a moat around our business.We are largely a self-employed
loan provider. And 80% of our businesscomesthrough self-employed, uhlch is the highest m
this entire
And becausewe arelargely self-employed, the balancetransfers arelargely the
remit ofthe salaried customers. If you go back and look, do
analysis, typically, the salaried
customers arethe first to jump ship andjump for
basis points and 30 baåiåpaints differential
in pricmg_ So becauseof the mtnnsic moat around our busmess,I think our balancetrans
are
low in our retail businessin general. And that trend continues.
I think there's ban
a little
bit of a benefit that Ive have had because of the rising debt
environment but that sit I don't think it's becauseof the banks taking feat off the pedal
The next question is from the line ofNEchint
Chawathe from Kotak Secunties_
Justone question from my sideand this
with respectto the bouncerate in the housmgbusiness.
It looks Ilke
rates have been inching up for the last
quaners_And probably we are,
•ahatis the trend out there? I how
I plus DPD exercise is very much under control but, and rm
Ic&mg
at casespost-Jan2019?
Page 9 of IS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Ravi Subramanian: 
Nischint, if you go back to the bounce rate in April, May, June, they were about 10.6%. And if 
you look at July and August, they were about 10.3%, 10.6%. So they've been kind of range 
bound. September was an aberration, but that's largely because the bounce dates fell on a holiday 
in September. But beyond that, there isn't much of a reason to be concerned about. Though I 
must also submit to you that these bounce rates of 10% and 11% are about 4% to 5% lower than 
the next best and about 8% to 9% lower than the leader of the industry. 
So to that extent, one, as the portfolio seasons, you would see this in the normal course going up 
from about 10%, 10.5% to about 11.5%, 12%, 12.5% kind of ranges as the portfolio vintage 
increases. Other than that, when I track my MOV, my bounces by vintage, nothing which really 
suggests anything to the contrary. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And even on the 1 plus DPD, you would say that probably a more normalized range is closer to 
5%? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
The 1 plus DPD, the normalized range would be closer to 5%. Also, because if you go back and 
look at it, my salaried self-employed contribution is completely different to what most of the 
other competition is. So if you look at the other three, four players, and the listed players, they 
are about 80% of salaried and one of them has 85% salaried, the other has about 60% salaried. 
So there, 1 DPD eventually will end up being… no. my 1 DPD on salaried is about 2.5% on the 
total book. 
So now, which essentially means that my self-employed is performing significantly better than 
the market. I would expect this to stabilize around 5% and not go significantly beyond those 5%, 
because 5%, 1 DPD would be about 3%, 30 DPD would be about roughly 1%, 1.2% GNPA. 
That's the way the entire equation would work. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So net-net, I think it may be fair to summarize that from an asset quality point of view, 
somewhere where it comes to these early warning kind of indicators, so that it's a bounce rate 
on 1 DPD, we are probably at the best or maybe, in fact, 10% or whatever, a little bit better than 
what your long-term targets will be. And in that sense, I think when things get difficult, it may 
be fair to expect a little bit of a reversion? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
I would expect that, I'm not too sure whether we are at the best or we can improve from here. I 
would tend to believe that we will improve from here because of two reasons. One, as we grow, 
our own competencies will improve. Two, as our salaried contribution also increases, that will 
also start tempering off the numbers that the already good numbers that we have. Three, I think 
somewhere we are significantly better off than competition in these numbers. And competition 
also has grown at the same pace as ours. 
So I would tend to believe that -- or I would rather want to keep these numbers intact and work 
towards those, but mentally, I'm prepared for the 50, 75 basis point deterioration in 1 DPD over 
the next 12 months or so, 12 to 18 months, which is bound to happen with vintage. 
Ravi
Subramanian:
Nischint
Chawathe:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Nischint
Chawathe:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
Nischint if you go back to the bounce rate in April
I'vlay,June,Oley were about 10_
And if
you look at July and August, they were about 103%,
So they've ban
kind of range
bound. Septemberwas an abenatlon, but that's largely
die bounce datesfell on aholiday
in September.But beyond that, there isn't much of a reason to be concerned
Though I
must also submit to you that thesebounce ratesof
and I I % are
4% to 50/0Iouer than
the next tet
and
8% to 9% lower than the leader ofthe Industry.
Soto that extent, one, asthe portfolio seasons,you would seethis in the normal coursegomg up
from about 10%, 10_50/0to about
12%, 12.5% kmd of ranges as the portfolio vintage
increases.Other than
when I track my MOV, my
by vintage, nothing which really
suggestsanything to the con&aly_
And even on the I plus DPD, you nould saythat probably a more normalized range
closer to
50/0?
The I plus DPD, the nonnahzed range would be closer to
Also,
if you go back and
Icok at it my salaried self-employed contribution is completely different to what most of the
other competition
So ifyou
look at the other three, four players: and the listed playerå, they
are
800/0 of salaried
and
one
of them
has
50/0
the
other
has
600/0 salaried.
Sothere, I DPD eventually Will end up being. __no. my I DPD on salaried is about 2.5% on the
So now, uhlch essentially meansthat my self-employed is performing significantly better than
the market I would expectthu to stabilize around 5
and not go significantly beyond those
because50/0,I DPD Hould be
3%, 30 DPD would
roughly 1%, L2% GNPA.
Thats the way the entire equation uould nark
So net-net, I think It may
fair to summarize that from an asset quali57 point of view,
somewhere where it comesto these early wamzng kind of indicators, so that it's a bounce rate
on I DPD, we areprobably at the best or maybe, in fact,
or whatever, a little bit better than
•ahat your long tenn targets
be. And in that sense,I think when things get dlffcult,
it may
fair to expect a little bit of a reversion?
I would expect that, Iin not too sure whether we are at the best or we can Improve from here. I
would tend to believe that
Improve from here
oftwo reasons.One, aswe grow,
our oun competencieswill improve.
asour salaned contribution also increases,that Will
aln start tempering off
numberå that the already good numbers that
have. Three I think
somewhere
are significantly
off than competition m thesenumbers. And competition
also has groum at the samepaceasours.
So I would tend to believe that
or I would rather want to keep thesenumbers intact and work
towards those,but mentally, I'm prepued for the 'O, 75 basis point deterioration in I DPD over
the next 12months or so, 12to 18 months, which
bound to happenwith Vintage.
Page 10 oflS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just one data-keeping question. What was the outstanding borrowing for you in this quarter and 
last quarter? 
G.S. Agarwal: 
Outstanding borrowing is 5,800 crores, that includes my DA. And without DA, outstanding 
borrowing is close to 5,000 crores. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And last quarter, the number would be? 
G.S. Agarwal: 
Last quarter, it was around 4,700. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Including DA? 
G.S. Agarwal: 
Sorry, 5,200 crores, including DA. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And if I can ask, what is the overall borrowing program for the next six months? 
G.S. Agarwal: 
So next six months, we plan to borrow another around 2,000 crores. And there will be a run-off 
also and net increase will be close to 1,200 to 1,300 crores. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And this includes NHB facilities or is it something that you'll not... 
G.S. Agarwal: 
Yes, it includes NHB facility. 
Ravi Subramanian: 
We are expecting something between 1,000 to 1,500 crores of NHB financing to come our way 
in November or December. 
G.S. Agarwal: 
November or December. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So NHB would be majority of this INR 2,000 crores is what we are trying to say? 
G.S. Agarwal: 
Yes. So presently also NHB is our largest lender and it will continue to be. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And your current rates are closer to 8%, 8.5%? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
Yes, on an incremental basis. 
G.S. Agarwal: 
Incremental cost of borrowing would be somewhere around 8.25% and without NHB 
borrowings. With NHB, it will be around 7.5%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
I hope I'm audible. My question broadly, I think you have answered across previous questions, 
but it's still a more pointed one. I think more than the rate hikes, I think the general outflow 
because of daily expenses have actually gone up quite massively, which I think is not entirely 
captured in the CPI number itself. 
MONEY
'Ou
"0
Nischint
Chawathe:
G.S. Agarwal:
Nischint
Chawathe:
G.S. Agarwal:
Nischint
Chawathe:
G.S. Agarwal:
Nischint
Chawathe:
G.S. Agarwal:
Nischint
Chawathe:
G.S. Agarwal:
Ravi
Subramanian:
G.S. Agarwal:
Nischint
Chawathe:
G.S. Agarwal:
Nischint
Chawathe:
Ravi
Subramanian:
G.S. Agarwal:
Moderator:
Nilanjan
Karfa:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
Just one data-keepmg question. li'hat was the outstanding borrowing for you in this quarter and
last quarter?
Outstanding borrowing is 5,8CH)crores, that includes my DA. And uithout DA. outstanding
borrou-mg is close to 5,000 crores
And last quaner, the
uould be?
Last quarter, it was around 4,7[n)_
Including DA?
Sony,
crores, including DA.
And if I can ask, what is the overall borromng program for the next SIXmonths?
So next six months, we plan to
another around 2,CH)Ocrores. And there will be amn-off
also
and
net
mcrease
uill
be close
to
to
I
crores.
And this includes NHB facilities or is it something that you'll not __
Yes, it includes NHB åcility_
We are expctmg something between
to I ,
crores ofNHB
financing to come our way
in November
or
November
or
So NHB would
majority of this INR 2,Cü) crores is what we areh»ng to say?
Yes. So presently alsoNHB is our largest lender and it Will continue to
And your cunent rates arecloær to
g
Yes, on an incremental basis.
Incremental cost of borromng
would
be somenhere around
and uithout
NHB
borrou-mgs. With NAB, it nill be around 7.50/0.
The next question is from the line ofNIIanjan Karfa from Nomura. Pleasego ahead.
I hope rm
My question broadly, I think you have answerai acrossprevious questions,
but it's still a more pomted one. I think more than the rate hikes, I think the general outflow
becauseof dally exæes
have actually gone up quite massively, nhich I think
not entirely
captured m the CPI number Itself
Page 11 oflS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
What are you seeing in terms of your overall EMI-to-income assessments that you might have 
done, which is, as things stand today and vis-a-vis what kind of pressure you might expect or 
what you need to do in terms of changing loan composition in maybe different categories, 
different kind of customers, if things were to sustain like this for the next six, nine months? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
So income-to-EMI, there's no change in that because we wouldn't want to compromise on that. 
So the other point is, one way to keep that constant where incomes are also coming down would 
be increasing the tenors, which I am personally not in favor of, particularly lending in two 
wheeler or personal loan or working capital loans, I wouldn't want to do that. So there is no 
compromise there. So probably, we may be losing some deals because of that, but so be it. I 
wouldn't want to compromise there. So on that side, no change. 
Probably it makes sense for me to do that increase in tenor of, say, 10 months, 12 months tenor 
increase in a very long-term product. But since most of our products are short-term, I wouldn't 
want to get there. And it is also my experience that in products like this, like your two wheeler 
and all where you extend the tenor unreasonably, the delinquencies shoot up. If you look at two 
wheeler, anything above 30 months, the performance is, there is a significant deterioration in 
performance of portfolio. So we've seen this over the last 15 years also. So we don't do that. So 
as far as income to EMI ratios are concerned, we are sticking to what we've been doing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question is from 
the line of Ankur Jain, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Jain: 
So my first question is about the small enterprise finance and pre-owned two wheelers. So in the 
small enterprise finance, we see that the growth has been subdued over the last few quarters. So 
do you see challenges in cash flows in that particular customer segment? And hence, your 
reluctance to scale up that business or increase disbursement in that? And second, on pre-owned 
two wheelers also, the AUM has been decreasing quarter-on-quarter. So my question is, do you 
continue to see the opportunity in that segment? And what are your thoughts on scaling that up? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
Sorry, I missed your second part. Which one? Which product you're talking about? 
Ankur Jain: 
Pre-owned two wheelers. 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
So if you look at the small enterprise finance, I would like you to look at small enterprise finance 
and the loan against property as one segment. What we have done here is that we have just 
segmented a longer duration loan into loan against property and our normal 60 month loans into 
small enterprise finance just so that internally our monitoring mechanism is on target. 
So if you look at it, so we did it about -- the AUM as of September '22, both put together, is 
about close to INR 16,450 crores roughly, which was about close to INR 15,900 crores last 
quarter. There is a slight growth there. Quarter-on-quarter, both of them together have grown. 
So hopefully, this six months would see more traction there. On the pre-owned two wheeler, 
what happened was there is no de-focus. It's just that during the last six months, we just went a 
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Moderator:
Ankur
Jain
:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Ankur
Jain
:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
What areyou seemgin terms of your overall Ehll-to-income
assessmentsthat you might have
done, which is, asthings standtoday and vis-a-vis •ahat kind of pressureyou might expect or
•ahat you need to do in terms of changing loan composition in maybe different categories,
different kind of customers,if things nere to sustain like this for the next six, mne months?
So income-to-EXW there's no changein that becausewe wouldnt nant to compromise on that
Sothe other pomt
one way to keep that conåtantwhere incomes are a_IåOcoming doum %hould
increasing åe tenors, which I am personally not m favor of, particularly lending in tua
uheeler or personal loan or workmg capital loans, I wouldnt
want to do that So there
no
compromise there. So probably, we may be Iosmg some deals because of that, but so be it I
wouldtft want to compromise there. So on that side,no change.
Probably it makes sensefor me to do that mcreasein tenor of, say, 10 months, 12 months tenor
increase in a very long-tenn product But emcemoåt of our products are shott-tenu I wouldn't
•.vantto get there. And It is also my experience that in products Ilke this, Ilke your
Hheeler
and all where you extenddaetenor unreasonably,the delinquencies shootup_If you look at two
uheeler, anything
30 months, the performance
there is a significant detenorahon m
performance of portfolio. So we've seenthis over the last I
also. So we dont do that So
asfar asincome to EMI ratios are concerned we aresticking to what ne've ten
doing.
Thank you Participants you may pressstar and oneto ask a question. The next question is from
the line of Ankur Jain, Individual Investor. Pleasego ahead.
Somy first question is about the small enterprise finance and pre-owned two nheelers_So in the
small enterpnse finance, we seethat the grouth hasben subduedover the last few quaners. So
do you see challenges m cash flows in that particular customer segment? And hence your
reluctance to scaleup that businessor Increasedisbursementin that? And second,on pre-ouned
two uhælers also, the AUM has
decreasing quarter-on-quarter. So my question is, do you
continue to seethe opponumty in that segment?And what areyour thoughts on scaling that up?
Sony, I missed your second
Which one? Uhich product you're talking about?
Pre-ouued
two
uheelers_
So ifyou look at the small enterprisefinance, I uould Ilke you to Icok at small enterpnsefinance
and the loan against propeny as one segment What Ive have done here is that we have just
segmenteda longer duration
into loan agametpro#lty
and our nonnal 60 month loans into
small enterprise financeJust so that Internally our momtonng mechanism is on target
So if you look at it, so we did it about
the AUXI as of September '22, both put together, is
about close to INR 162450crores roughly, which was about close to INR I -5,900crores last
quarter. There is a slight grouth there. Quarter-on-quarter, both ofthem together have groun
So hopefidly, this
months uould seemore traction there. On the pre-ouned two wheeler,
•ahathappened nas there is no de-focus_Its just that durmg the last six months, we just nent a
Page 12 oflS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
little slow on pre-owned two wheelers because the market also has slowed down there. So 
because of your -- see, it's a consequence of your new two wheeler sales coming down. 
If you look at the number of units that are sold in the last, six months, if you look at '19, '20 
number to what is happening today, it's still lower. We are still not back at those numbers. So 
that will also affect the supply that's coming into the pre-owned market. The lower new vehicles 
sales, lower supply into used market. 
Ankur Jain: 
But you continue to see the opportunity? I know once new two wheelers come in... 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
We'll continue to focus on. We'll continue to do that. 
Ankur Jain: 
And similarly, in small enterprise finance, you won't see challenges in cash flows of that 
customer segment right now to -- it's not voluntarily that you have gone slow on that? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
See, for me, two indicators is, one is the demand, the other one is my collection. As long as the 
collection percentages are holding up, I continue to lend. 
Ankur Jain: 
I have one other question which is on your debt-to-equity ratio. So right now, it's around 3.41%. 
My question is that over a medium to long term, three to five years perspective, what is the debt 
to equity level that you are comfortable with? 
R. Chandrasekar: 
So I think we should be somewhere around 4% to 4.5%, because rating agencies don't like it 
above 5%. So 4% to 4.5% should be ideal, around 4%. 
Moderator: 
Participants you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of 
Shubhranshu Mishra from Phillip Capital. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
My first question is on housing finance. I just wanted to understand the profile of the salaried 
and self-employed customers. What's the average onboarding age, the gender proportion, male 
versus female, because we being affordable, so mostly likely we would have more female first-
time owners. Also, what would be the onboarding FOIRs for each category, salaried and self-
employed? 
My second question is on the balance transfer out, which we alluded in the fact that there is 
balance transfer out for the salaried customer. But my only argument is that at a lower ticket 
size, when loan has went down, is the bank also getting that too much of fee income to be 
generated out of it or the yield is already pretty much similar to 1 bps, 2 bps -- 120 or 200 bps 
over there. So why would a salaried guys really move and pay as much? So if you could explain 
that part? These are the two questions. 
Ravi Subramanian: 
Okay. So answering your first question in terms of what's the customer, a typical self-employed 
customer would be somebody who is a shopkeeper, somebody who has got undocumented 
source of income, somebody who’s got a small trading outlet, somebody who’s got a small 
Ankur
Jain
:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Ankur
Jain
:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Ankur
Jain
:
R.
Chandrasekar:
Moderator:
Shubhranshu
Mishra:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
little slow on pre-owned tin
Whelers
the market also has sloued doun there. So
becauseof your
see,
a consequenceof your new tin
wheeler salescoming donn_
If you
at the number ofumts that are sold in the last, six months, ifyou
look at '19, '20
number to what is happenmg today, its still lower. We are still not back at those numbers. So
that Hill also affect the supply that'scommg mto the pre-ouned market. The lower new vehicles
sales,lower supply mto usedmarket
But you continue to seethe opportunity? I know once new two nheelers comein...
We'll
continue
to focus
on.
We'll
continue
to do that
And similarly, in small enterprise finance, you
see challenges in cash flows of that
customer segmentright now to
it'snot voluntarily that you have gone slow on that?
Se, for me, two indicators is, one is daedemand,the other one is my collection. As long asthe
collection percentagesareholding up, I continue to lend.
I have one other question which is on your debt-to-equity ratio. So right now, it's around 3.410/0.
My question is that over a medium to long term, thre to five yearsperspective what
the debt
to equity level that you are comfortable with?
So I think
should be somewhere around 4% to
becauserating agencies dont like it
above
So 4% to 4.5% should be ideal, around
Participants you may pressstar and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of
ShubhranshuMishra from Phillip Capital
My Erst question is on housing finance. I just wanted to understand the profile of the salaried
and self-employed customers. Whats the average onboarding age,the gender proprtion,
male
versus female, becausewe being affordable, somostly likely we would have more female first-
time ouners_ Also, what would
the onboarding FOIRs for each category, salari&d and self-
employed?
My second question is on daebalance transfer out, which we alluded in the fact that there is
balance transfer out for the salaried customer. But my only argument is that at a lower ticket
Size, when loan has went douu
is the bank also getting that tcn:•much of
income to be
generatedout of it or die yield is already pretty much ±imilar to I bps, 2 bps —120 or 200 bps
over there. So why nould a salaned guys really move and pay asmuch? So if you could explam
that part? These arethe two questions.
Okay. So answering your first question in terms of
the customer, atypical
employed
customer would be somebody who is a shopkeeper, somebody who has got undocumented
source of income, somebody who's got a small trading outlet, somebody who's got a small
Page 13 oflS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
manufacturing unit, somebody is buying a property in the region of about 15 to 30 lakhs and 
wants a loan for that. 
We typically fund customers who either buy completed properties or are doing a self-
construction and expanding their own house, et cetera. We tend to avoid builder properties, 
under-construction builder properties unless we have done a complete diligence on the builder. 
In fact, if you look at our entire under-construction builder properties, our under-construction 
collateral would largely be about, what, 8% of our total book on a 6,500 crores book, about less 
than 500 crores would be under-construction properties as collateral. 
So -- and on the salaried side, there would typically be customers who have smaller salaries, 
customers whose salary is just a part of the income and they have other sources of income, which 
are not documented, somebody who works in a government employment, but also takes tuitions, 
who also had other means of income and has family sources of income as well. Our typical FOIR 
by customer profile would typically be, for salaried guys, it could be in the region of about 51%, 
52%. For self-employed, it's in the region of about 40%, 41%. 
And what was the next question? On the balance transfer. Well, when you refer to what is the 
motivation of a bank in balance transferring out, a 10 lakh, 11 lakh, 12 lakh loan, it's all relative, 
right?. So when I talk about salaried being more sensitive to balance transfer than the self-
employed customers, I mean in reference to this particular category of customers and this 
particular ticket size. 
And I'm just saying, for all things given equal, the propensity of a salaried guy who has borrowed 
12 lakhs is more -- to do a BT is more than a self-employed guy who has got a 12 lakh loan. So 
whether it's the same as a guy who has got a 50 lakh and a 60 lakh loan, so your point is valid. 
But when you look at the reference universe as customers of this ticket size, then in those ticket 
sizes salaried guys have a higher propensity to move out. That was the point I was making. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
If I can squeeze in one last question on two wheeler financing. What kind of volumes are we 
expecting in the third quarter, fourth quarter given the fact that you alluded that you would see 
that book grow? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
I'm sorry. Your voice didn't come through clearly, Shubhranshu. Can you please repeat that 
question? 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Sure. So you alluded to the fact that we see the two wheeler book grow significantly during the 
festive season. What kind of volumes are we expecting in the third quarter, fourth quarter? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
See, let me put it this way, the number of vehicles sold has come down, but the ticket sizes have 
gone up by virtue of cost of vehicles going up. So the disbursement amount side, we still expect 
a growth. But on the number -- see, typically, if I'm looking at probably around 12% to 15% 
growth in the two wheeler disbursement, earlier, that will be in terms of amount funded. But on 
the vehicle side, when you see I think the numbers are year-on-year, yes, there will be a growth. 
Shubhranshu
Mishra:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Shubhranshu
Mishra:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
manuåctunng unit, somebody
buying a propeny in the region of about 15 to SOlakhs and
•.vants
a loan
for
that.
We typically
imd
customers who either buy completed properties or are domg a self-
construction and expandmg their oun house, et cetera_We tend to avoid builder properties,
under-constmchon builder properties unless we have done a complete diligence on the builder.
In fact, If
look at our entire under-conåfiuction builder properties, cn_lrunder-constmction
collateral uould largely be about
of our total book on a 6,500 crores
less
than
crores would
under-construction properties ascollateral.
So
and on the salaned side, there would typically be customers
have smaller salaries,
customerswhose salaryis just a
of the income andthey haveother sourcesof income, which
arenot
who uorks m agovernment employment, but also takestuitions,
alsohad other meansofincome and hasfamily sourcesof income aswell. Our typical FOIR
by customerprofile would typically
for salaried guys, it could be in the region of about 5104
520/0.For self-employed, its in the region of about 40%, 410/0.
And what •a-asthe next question? On the balance transfer. Well when you refer to what is the
mohvahon of abank m balancetransferring out, a 10 Iam
I I lau
12 IaH1loan, its all relative,
right?. So when
talk about salaried bemg more sensitive to balance transfer than the self-
employed customers, I mean in reference to this particular category of customers and this
particular ticket size.
And rm just saying, for all things given equal the propensity of a salariedguy who hasborrowed
12 lakhs
more
to do a BT is more than a self-employed guy who hasgot a 12 lakh loan. So
uhether its the sameasa guy who has got a SOlawl and a 60 lakh loan, soyour point is valid.
But when you bak at the referenceumveråe ascustomers of this ticket size: then in thoseticket
sizes salaried guys have a higher propensity to move out. That nas the point I •aasmaking.
If I can squeezein one last question on tua wheeler financing. li'hat kind of volumes are we
expecting in the third quaner, fourth quarter given the fact that you alluded that you would see
that
grow?
rm sorry. Your voice didnt come through clearly, Shubhranshu. Can you please repeat that
question?
Sure. So you alludai to the fact that we seethe two wheeler book grow significantly during the
festive season.What kind of volumes arewe expectmg in the ålrd quaner, fourth quarter?
See,let me put it this way, the number of vehicles sold hascome doun, but the ticket sizeshave
gone up by vinue of cost of vehicles gung up. Sothe disbursement amount side:
still expct
a grouth_ But on the number
see,typically, if I'm looking at probably arol_md12% to
youth
in the two uil&ler
earlier, that uill
be in terms of amount hmded_But on
the vehicle side, when you seeI think the numbers areyear-on-year, yes, there Will be a youth.
Page 14 oflS

 
 
 Shriram City Union Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
But will it be the best year? No, best year is still ‘19-‘20. And to reach that number, we will have 
to do about 30% more than what we have done 30%, 35% more than what we have done in the 
first half. 
So that looks a little tight, but we are keeping our fingers crossed, because as of today, for the 
month of October, we already disbursed close to about 70,000 two wheelers. And for Dhanteras, 
the bookings are about another 75,000 two wheelers. So whether we will be able to sanction the 
bookings and enter it into the system, your question, some of it could spill into the Q3 also. So 
Q3, Q4 together we are aiming at about 6 lakhs two wheelers, 1 lakh two wheelers per month. 
Moderator: 
Reminder to all the participants you may press star and one to ask a question. Next question is 
from the line of Kunal Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Kunal Shah: 
So before we close, just maybe keen to know in terms of the overall asset quality performance, 
say, last eight quarters through the COVID. It's being managed very well. We are almost like 
less than 6% GNPA and credit cost is also somewhere around 2.5%. So when we look at it, are 
we more confident in terms of managing it may be below these levels as well or maybe this is 
the kind of a steady-state range that we could see? And how much could be, say, on account of 
maybe the underwriting process changes? And how much would be more of an intensified 
collection effort, which would have led to this? 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
Under writing, fundamentally, nothing much has changed, Kunal. So it's more of intensified 
effort and the follow-up and plugging in gaps in the manpower, which has resulted in this. As 
our credit cost is concerned, yes, we are aiming for a better number than what we have seen so 
far. That would largely also happen in personal loans and to some extent in our SME loans going 
forward. So on a steady-state, we would like it to be somewhere between 2% to 2.5%. So that's 
what we would like to achieve. Optimistic 2%. Pessimistic 2.5%. 
Kunal Shah: 
So thanks the entire top management for patiently answering all the questions. And thanks all 
the participants for being there on the call. Wish you all a very Happy Diwali, Happy Dhanteras 
and happy weekend. 
Y.S. Chakravarti: 
Thanks, everyone. Thank you so much. 
Ravi Subramanian: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
MONEY
'Ou
"0
Moderator:
Kunal
Shah:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Kunal
Shah:
Y.S.
Chakravarti:
Ravi
Subramanian:
Moderator:
Shriram City Union Finance
Limited
October
22, 2022
But will It bethe bestyear?No, bestyear is still '19-'20 _And to reach that
we will have
to do about 30% more than what we have done 300/0,
more than Hhat we have done in the
So that looks a little tight, but we are keepmg our fingers crossed,
asoftoday, for the
month of October, we already disbursed close to about 70,000 two wheelers. And for Dhanteras,
the bookings areabout another 75,000 two Whelers. So whether
mill
ableto sanction the
bookings and enter it into the system, your question, someof it could spill into the Q3 also. So
Q3 Q4 together we areaiming at about 6 lakhs two Whelers, I lakh two wheelers per month.
Remmder to all the participants you may press star and one to ask a question Next question is
from
the
line
ofKunaI
Shah
from
ICICI
Securities.
So before we close,just maybe keen to know in terms of the overall assetquality performance,
say, last eight quaners årough daeCOVID
being managed very well. We are almost like
less than 6% GNPA and credit cost is also somewhere around 2.50/0. So 'Ahen
Icok at It, are
we more confident m terms of managmg it may
below theselevels aswell or maybe this is
the kind of a steady staterangeffat 'he could see?And how much could be, say:on account of
maybe the underwriting process changes? And how much would be more of an mtensified
collection
effort, uhlch
would have led to this?
Under writing, ftndamentally,
nothing much has changed, Kunal
So its more of intensified
effon and the follow-up and plugging in gaps m the
nhlch hasresultai in this. As
our credit cost
concerned,yes, we are amung for a
number than Hhat we have seenso
hr. That would largely also happenin personalloans andto someextent in our SNE loans gomg
forward. So on a steady-state,
would Ilke it to be somenhere
2% to 2.5%. So that s
•ahatIve would like to achieve. Optimistic
Pessimistic 25%.
So åanks the entire top management for patiently answering all the questions. And thanks all
the participants for bemg there on the calL Wish you all a very Happy Diwali , Happy Dhanteras
and happy weekend.
Thanks, everyone.Thank you somuch.
Thank you vay much
Thank you very much On behalf oflCICI
Securities Limited, that concludes this conference.
Thank you for oimng us. You may now disconnect your lines_Thank you.
Page 15 oflS
