* 
,, SAGAR CEMENTS LIMITED
Ref:SCL:SEC:2022-23 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SAGCEM 
Series: EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 502090 
26th October 2022 
Sub: Submission of transcription of Conference Call under Regulation 30 read with 
Part A of Schedule Ill of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 on Q2 FY 23 financial results 
Pursuant to the above said Regulation, we are forwarding herewith the transcription 
of the Conference Call held by us on 20th October, 2022 in connection with the 
recently announced un-audited stand-alone and consolidated financial results for the 
second quarter and half-year ended 30th September, 2022. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Sagar Cements Limited 
undararajan 
Company Secretary 
Encl. 
I 
Registered Office: Plot No. 111. Road No. I 0,Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad - 500033,Telangana, India. 
Phone : +9 I -40-23351571, 23356572 Fax : +91-40-23356573 E-mail : info@sagarcemencs.in Website : www.sagarcemencs.in 
CIN : L26942TG 1981 PLC002887 GSTIN : 36AACCS8680H2ZY 
Factories: Mattampally, Via Huzurnaga1·, Su1·yapet-District,Telangana - 508204. Phone: 08683 - 247039 GSTIN: 36AACCS8680H IZZ 
Bayyavaram Village, l<asimkota Manda!, Visakhapacnam District, Andhra Pradesh - 531031. Phone : 08924-244550 Fax : 08924-244570 GSTIN : 37 AACCS8680H I ZX 
Gudipadu Village and Pose, Yadiki Manda!. Ananthapur District. Andh1·a Pradesh - 515408. Phone: 08558-200272 GSTIN : 37 AACCS8680H I ZX 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 1 of 20 
MANAGEMENT: 
Manish Valecha - Anand Rathi Securities 
Gavin Desa - CDR India 
Sreekanth Reddy - Joint Managing Director 
ANALYSTS: 
Shravan Shah 
Rituparna Gosh 
Arun Narendranath 
Abhisar Jain 
Parth Bhavsar 
Viraj Kulkarni 
Rashi Shah 
Rajat Setia 
Debotro Sinha 
Prakhar Porwal 
Jashandeep Chadha 
Rajan Shah 
Ramakrishna 
Vincent Andrews 
Presentation 
Manish Valecha: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome you all to the 2Q 
FY23 Results Conference Call of Sagar Cements Limited. We have 
with us from the management Mr. Sreekanth Reddy, Joint Managing 
Director; Mr. K. Prasad, CFO; Mr. Rajesh Singh, CMO; and Mr. R 
Soundararajan, the Company Secretary. We will start the today's 
session with opening remarks from the management and then will be 
followed by a Q&A session.   
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Gavin Desa of CDR for 
his opening remarks. Over to you, Gavin. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Manish, and thank you for introducing the management. I 
just like to add that some of the statements made in today's discussions 
may be forward-looking in nature. And a note to this effect was shared 
in the inviter, as I shared with you earlier. We've emailed the 
communications adviser you've received them. 
I'd now like to now hand over to Mr. Reddy to make his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Sreekanth. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you, Gavin. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Sagar 
Cements earnings call for the quarter ended 30th   September 2022. 
Let me begin the discussions with a brief overview of the market in 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 2 of 20 
terms of the demand and pricing, post which I will move on to Sagar 
specific developments. 
Overall external environment for the business remained a bit 
challenging, while Q2 is seasonally a soft quarter given the monsoons. 
The business had   to operate in an inflationary environment. While 
the demand momentum was expectedly soft, we did witness some 
revival towards the end of the quarter aided by pickup in infrastructure 
and low-cost affordable housing segments. 
As far as pricing is concerned, while the same remain relatively steady 
across our key markets, we couldn't undertake requisite revisions to 
offset the rising input prices amidst benign demand. As far as the trend 
between trade and non-trade segment is concerned, prices were 
relatively stable in the former rather than the later. However, we are 
witnessing some softening in prices of key raw materials, whether the 
trend would continue going forward or we will once again see firming 
up of input prices only time will tell. But as far as realizations are 
concerned, we expect the same to improve with the pickup in demand 
over the coming months and quarters. 
Moving on to Sagar specific developments. Our revenue for the 
quarter stood at ₹475 crores as against ₹369 crores during the quarter 
higher by almost 29% on a YoY basis, driven largely by volumes 
following commissioning of the new capacities. Average realizations 
remained largely stable during the quarter. Overall demand as I 
mentioned was relatively softer largely owing to monsoons. However, 
we did witness some pickup towards the end of the quarter. 
The EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹6 crores as against ₹61 crore 
generated during Q2 FY22 lower by 91%, largely owing to higher 
input prices. Margin for the current period stood at 1% as against 
around 16% reported during the corresponding period last year. Raw 
material prices were fairly stubborn during Q2, which resulted in 
margin compression of almost 1,500 basis points. We have seen an 
unprecedented surge in prices of key raw materials, which were 
aggravated following the Russia-Ukraine crisis. Although the prices of 
few raw materials have started to trend lower, one needs to see if the 
moderation continues in coming months. 
Average fuel costs stood at ₹2,066 per ton as against ₹1,263 per ton 
reported during Q2 FY22. Elevated prices of coal and coke resulted in 
higher per ton cost of fuel for the quarter. Freight cost for the quarter 
stood at ₹797 per ton as against ₹795 per ton during Q2 FY22. Loss 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 3 of 20 
after tax for the quarter stood at ₹49 crore as against the profit of ₹20 
crore reported during Q2 FY22. 
From an operational point of view, Mattampally plant operated at 50% 
utilization, while Gudipadu and Bayyavaram, Jeerabad and Jajpur 
operated at 93%, 64%, 30% and 10% respectively during the quarter. 
Overall capacity utilization at the group level stood at around 49%. As 
far as the key balance sheet items are concerned, the gross date as on 
30th    September 2022 stood at ₹1,486 crore out of which ₹1,275 crore 
is long-term debt and the remaining constitutes the working capital. 
The net worth of the company on a consolidated basis on 30th 
September 2022 stood at ₹1,581 crore, debt equity ratio stands at 
0.81:1, cash and bank balances were at ₹308 crores as on 30th  
September 2022. 
To conclude, I would just like to reiterate the rising raw material 
prices may pose near-term challenges with regards to profitability. In 
long run, though we believe the anomality will correct with pickup in 
demand and improving realization. As far as Sagar is concerned, we 
believe our diversified presence, higher scale, better product mix and 
strong balance sheet positions help to create a value for our 
shareholders over a long-term. 
That concludes my opening remarks. We would now be glad to take 
any questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Manish Valecha: 
 The first question is from Shravan Shah. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
 Sir, the first question is with regards to our guidance. So, 5 million 
volume guidance that we've gave and that took 3.5 million to 3.6 
million tons from the existing and the remaining from the new plants. 
But if I look at till now, our old plants these days is giving a better 
volume. So, do we maintain the same 5-million-ton volume guidance 
and in terms of the share from the new plants both the MP and Odisha 
plant can be slightly lower? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Good morning, Shravan. See now talking about the overall target, I 
think we achieved 2.22 million for the first half. For 5 million for the 
overall year, probably it is too soon for us to rule out, it looks high 
probability. Having said that, we are maintaining the same stance for 
Satguru plant that is the MP plant at close to 0.6 million, but Jajpur 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 4 of 20 
looks to be difficult. We have indicated around 0.4 million, probably 
we should be doing close to around 0.25 million. 
Having said that the other assets did perform reasonably well. So, we 
would want to take the corrective steps or know exactly what you do 
end of this current quarter, that is the end of Q3, we will be in a better 
position. But worst we expect that we'd not go below 4.75 million at 
this point of time, Shravan. 
The bigger challenge is on the EBITDA. Yeah, it looks like the 
possibility of close to ₹400 odd crores that we have indicated at the 
start of the year could still be a challenge. The numbers we'd probably 
revise downward by how much we viewed probably take some more 
time before we could guide it, but we definitely expect the EBITDA 
generation to be a lot lower than what we have indicated. 
On a volume front as I mentioned, I think we should be very close to 5 
million. But I think end of the current quarter we'd be in a much better 
situation to narrate the numbers that are likely to happen in the current 
financial year. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yeah, sir I was about to come on the EBITDA part. So, as you 
mentioned, it is difficult to offer any guidance, but still in terms of the 
power and fuel. The increase seems to be a significantly higher 
because last time we said it should not be up that much. So now how 
do we see this Q3 in terms of…? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No Mr. Shravan, now let me reiterate what we have indicated at that 
point of time. The drop-in fuel prices are expected middle of this 
current quarter. So, we are more than hopeful that we should definitely 
save around ₹250 per ton on the power and fuel alone for the current 
quarter, because the mix what we have indicated earlier where the 
domestic coal and pet coke was 50:50. Now, we started firing at 
60:40. So, we are more than hopeful and we do have the domestic coal 
pipeline with lot more clarity, and we are very sure that we'd be saving 
around ₹250 rupees per ton only on the fuel for the current quarter 
itself Mr. Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
And this will further increase in the fourth quarter in terms of the 
savings hopefully for… 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, I think let us take one quarter at a time, because as I mentioned 
even in my opening remarks, those some of the pet coke prices have 
been, they trended down for a very brief, again they are trending 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 5 of 20 
upward. So, at this point of time, our inventory for the fuel is for the 
current quarter, we know   with lot more clarity about what we can do 
for the current quarter. So, we are very sure that we would be 
achieving around ₹250 per ton on a power and fuel this thing for the 
current quarter at ₹250 for minimum saving is possible for the current 
quarter alone. The next quarter I think we will take it as we come 
close to those. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yeah, and just to reconfirm in terms of the net debt of ₹850 odd crore 
that could be the operational net debt that guidance we will maintain 
and… 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir. I think on the balance sheet items, I think the narration 
remains very similar to what we have maintained even in the past so. 
Shravan Shah: 
And sir, any update on the Andhra Cement NCLT because last time 
we said mostly September, October? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, I think we did mention that it is end of Q3 I think we are 
hopeful that it should get resolved before the end of Q3 sir. So, we are 
maintaining the same stance. 
Shravan Shah: 
And then to a couple of points, what was the trade share for this 
quarter and in terms of the post September and have you seen any 
price increase in any of our markets? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, the trade sale got reduced for the current quarter, obviously, 
because of the monsoon. So, there was a bit of more a non-trade sale. 
We are maintaining around 55%, 57% is the trade and the rest 
constitutes the non-trade. Going forward again we will revert back to 
65:35 kind of a trade non-trade mix. 
Now, coming to the realizations, there has been good uptick again on 
a relative scale across the markets that we service. Hyderabad market 
alone we have seen almost ₹18 to ₹20 kind of a jump per bag. Vizag is 
around ₹15, Bangalore is ₹25. Yeah, we have not seen major shift in 
North Karnataka markets. North Tamil Nadu and South Tamil Nadu is 
around ₹25. Maharashtra markets we have seen ₹20 kind of an 
increase for ourselves. Odisha, we have seen close to ₹10. Indore we 
are yet to see any major shifting our realizations. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, so this is from the September I guess. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes sir, it is exit of September to the first 15 days of October. 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 6 of 20 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, that's it from my side. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. 
So, the question is from Rituparna Gosh. Can you please elaborate your fuel mix going ahead? 
Are you exploring Russian coal, if so how is it affecting in terms of 
production and kindly give your views on thermal versus pet coke 
usage? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, see I mentioned we are primarily using the domestic coal along 
with the domestic pet coke. We did receive an imported pet coke 
shipment recently, but as you have noticed us probably what you're 
seeing is that the imported pet coke prices slowly started going 
upward. The last shipment that we received close to around a month 
back or close to 20 days back, the landed cost was around $169. Now 
we are seeing the spot prices and the one-month November deliveries 
are already at $195. So, we are again going back to the domestic pet 
coke. The mix as indicated will be 60% domestic coal and a 40% pet 
coke. We are not using any Russian coal, basically sticking to the 
domestic coal along with the domestic pet coke at this point of time. 
Yeah, we did indicate even in our presentation the prices, typically the 
landed prices at Mattampally though that's not our cost. The indicative 
spot prices, which we have estimated part of our presentation, where 
we did indicate the imported pet coke prices per Kcal to the domestic 
and imported, yeah, it's on slide number what we have indicated here. 
Yeah, we have indicated that imported pet coke is at ₹2.53 per Kcal on 
a landed basis, Indian pet coke is at ₹2.20, imported coal is at ₹3.37, 
domestic is at ₹1.82 on a landed basis at Mattampally. I mean these 
are more indicative prices just to sum up some of the questions that 
you have had. 
Manish Valecha: 
The next question is from Arun Narendranath. Apart from Andhra 
Cements are you targeting any other inorganic acquisition? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, it is too soon for me to comment sir. Yes, we did identify a 
couple of assets. But we would want to take one step at a time. So 
currently, we are more focused on Andhra. Yeah, the outcome of that 
would decide for the other options that we have. The target is to reach 
to 10 million. Based on the progress of Andhra, we would want to 
pursue the other options that we have. Yes, we do have at least another 
asset in our radar. But the outcome of Andhra would decide how we 
would progress on the other one. 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 7 of 20 
Now, there was also another question from the same gentlemen on the 
PIL. I think there is no PIL sir, it is Dalmia who has given the thing 
and there is no stay on the process, there is a stay on voting. So that I 
think is for the state -- the outcome of that would be known only end 
of this month. But for that I cannot comment anything beyond that. 
We are more than hopeful that, at an NCLT, the Andhra transaction 
should get concluded or there is a possibility that it should get 
concluded before end of Q3 is what is the impression that we have. 
Manish Valecha: 
The next question is from Abhisar Jain. Please go ahead. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Sir, just continuing from your comments on the realization part, as you 
mentioned that you're seeing some uptake in some of the markets so. 
As things stand today sir, what kind of realization per ton 
improvement do you expect on a quarter-on-quarter basis for Q3? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, we just know the last 15 days trend Mr. Abhisar. I didn't read out 
the indicative gross prices at the retail level. If you knock off close to 
around 30% odd of that, that should get added up again on a weighted 
basis, but it's too soon for us to comment on that. 
Fortunately, except for Indore, where it remained flat and we are 
opening the realizations to more even there. The realizations have 
been in range of anywhere between ₹15 to ₹20 on an average per bag. 
So ₹200 to ₹250 per ton can be expected if it remains in a similar kind 
of a thing, but this is not enough. Yeah, a lot more has to happen. But 
the first 15 days trend is that it is around ₹15 to ₹20 on an average per 
bag increasing realization is what we have observed. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Understand, and on the cost side while you mentioned that the savings 
from the power and fuel what you're expecting on a sequential basis 
for the other cost line items including freight and RM, do you expect 
to drive any savings for H2 versus H1? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, raw material again is a question of blending, per se did not 
increase our cost, but since the blending -- blended cement portfolio 
went up, which is a good sign for us. That much increase in raw 
material is seen. The offsetting price reduction power and fuel cost 
reduction also is likely to happen going forward. Freight as we have 
indicated in the presentation. Yeah, we are slowly coming down and 
with the more volumes ramping up both at Jajpur and Jeerabad likely 
that the freight costs should come down well for us. So, by how much 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 8 of 20 
is only time will tell, but definitely they would be trending down for 
us. 
Abhisar Jain: 
 Sir, actually, I just wanted a little bit understanding that where should 
the freight stabilize when we really read that 5 million and then for the 
next year 5.5 million kind of run rate, because you have added new 
plants, which will ramp up, okay. And I think now, you must be 
seeing some trends of the fuel prices stabilizing, which impact the 
freight costs. So, if any indication and versus today's level of around 
₹800 per ton. Where do you want to see? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See right now we are at ₹797 sir. I mean, this is -- we don't know if 
diesel prices would stabilize, but the current trend what we're looking 
at it. Yeah, it remained at ₹797, there was a small increase that purely 
because of small increase in the lead distance, but once both the assets 
ramp up, we are reasonably sure. From earlier ₹300, we have indicated 
that we'd be going close to around ₹280, I think that is where we 
might land up. 
How much potential saving we would have. Again, diesel remains 
where it is probably we should expect around ₹50 to ₹60 per ton kind 
of a saving, but that is very subjective. Yeah, it again depends on the 
route maps and the tollages and all, but the indicative number is close 
to around ₹50 saving should be expected once all the new capacities 
get ramped up in its full shape. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Sure. And sir, just the last thing on the Andhra asset under overall debt 
number that we have of around ₹1,170 crore. Just wanted to get the 
right sense on exactly how much of that is earmarked for the Andhra 
asset and maybe deposited by us? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, ₹500 crores is what we have earmarked for acquisition sir. So 
that is what you need to exclude from the overall kind of a long-term 
debt of what we have. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Right. And sir you have indicated in the past that if at all in a 
unforeseen scenario of this asset not coming to you by because of any 
whatsoever reason, I'm not going into that litigating matter and Dalmia 
coming into the picture etc. But for any reason whatsoever if it doesn't 
come through and you're saying it will get decided within this quarter 
and what's the equity upside on this ₹500 crore that you may have? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, I cannot comment anything on those issues what -- see there is 
always a possibility that the asset could go to any one of us. How 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 9 of 20 
much, what and all only time will tell sir. So, it is too soon for us to 
comment on that. We'd be very happy coming back to you as soon as 
we reach to a point where we could disclose those numbers. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Okay. But sir only one clarification if it were to go into a bidding sort 
of a thing. Are you… 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes sir, it is in that process only sir. So, it is not, it would. It is 
actually into that process sir. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Okay. And so now you have the option to of course increase your bid 
or walk away is it? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir it is -- the process is ongoing sir. So, nothing is concluded as we 
speak. So, the issue of uplink or downlink doesn't arise. We are still 
part of -- we are part of the process.   
Abhisar Jain: 
Sure, sir. Understood.  
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shravan Shah. 
Shravan Shah: 
 A couple of things, first in terms of the finance costs. So definitely 
this is increasing because of the ₹500 crore update that we have taken 
from Andhra. So, for the third quarter also, we will see the same run 
rate. And from the fourth quarter, let's say if it materializes. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
 It’s a subjective issue. See, we have earmarked ₹500 crores for the 
acquisition sir. Yeah, if it materializes, that bit of portion will get 
reduced and the reversal would happen. So that's what I would like to 
highlight, Mr. Shravan at this time. 
Shravan Shah: 
But at least for third quarter, at least 1.5 month, two months of the 
finance costs. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes sir. I think it's a subjective issue, as I mentioned, for the outcome 
of the event. Yeah, it is basis that outcome. We are hopeful that we 
should conclude this by end of Q3, if that happens, yeah, I think the 
interest and the debt structure would get transformed accordingly. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, and Second question sir, our Capex for the first half is ₹63 odd 
crore, I can see from the cash flow, but we were looking at only ₹30 
odd crore. So, what's the new number for the full-year FY23? 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 10 of 20 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, I think we have indicated the same sir, it is because partly rollover 
of both the assets. That's what got indicated here, but we are sticking 
to ₹30 crores for our maintenance Capex. 
Shravan Shah: 
So, in the cash flow, though it is a ₹63 odd crore on a consolidated 
basis. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, majorly it is because of the rollover that has happened from last 
year. Sir when we have commissioned not everything has been 
capitalized. So those capitalizations have happened even in the last 
quarter or the first half. So basically, so, but maintenance Capex 
would not definitely not cross more than ₹30 crores, Mr. Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, and my third question in terms of the pet coke, whatever the 
percentage we are having so currently 65%, 66%. So, in that 70% odd 
would be the domestic one. Is it a fair way to look at? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, we definitely got one ship load of 50,000 just 15 days to 20 days 
back. The landed cost is at around $169, that includes the raising cost 
and everything. But for that rest everything is domestic pet coke. 
Yeah, if you look at Jeerabad, that is the Madhya Pradesh, the entire 
thing is domestic, it is coming from IOCL Koyali that is the Baroda 
plant. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Manish Valecha: 
 The next question is from Parth. Please go ahead. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
I just had one question. So, like I wanted to know like, what is the 
optionality at each of our five plants that we have like from there on 
from current capacity? Is there any room for to increase our capacity? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, see each of our asset, again Mattampally and Gudipadu has 
ample scope for. Mattampally has huge scope. We have net fairly 
large limestone resources. Gudipadu, we could comfortably triple. 
Satguru, there is scope for small increase at least to an extent of 0.5 
million on the cement side. But clinker, we are uncomfortable if it is 
less than 40 years or 50 years of deposit life. So, clinker scope is very 
limited at Satguru, but in Mattampally as well as in Gudipadu as I 
mentioned, in Gudipadu we could from a million, we could 
comfortably go up to close to 4 million. 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 11 of 20 
In Mattampally, scope is huge, but we have taken a conscious call that 
we would only do it after some time because given the South adding a 
Brownfield or a Greenfield in South not only would put pressure on 
us, but also on the market.   
Parth Bhavsar: 
Sir, basically we can add like, we would want to add at Gudipadu like 
rather than Mattampally. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir if at all if you have to add. The first priority would be at Gudipadu 
itself. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Gudipadu. Fair enough. And sir just like wanted to understand what 
would be the Brownfield Capex cost at current? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir it is very, very difficult to address that. It is a -- it could be 
anywhere between $80 to $100 at this point. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
$80 to $100. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
It's an elevated kind of a level. So, is the services costs sir. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. And so just like to quantify number at Mattampally would be 
how much like optionality? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir. It's huge sir. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
So, it's basically the land and everything is like everything is bought. 
Limestone availability is there. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Like you just to still put a number like if possible? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir. I think, see we have indicated close to around 420 odd million 
tons of limestone is there, which is readily available. With the 
potential increase, it could go up to 800 million. So, with the 800 
million limestone, you can see to what extent we could go so. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Fair enough. Done sir. Thank you so much. That's it from side. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. We will take few questions from the chat window, so what 
is your lead distance for the quarter railroad mix? And what is the 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 12 of 20 
demand potential from Telangana and Andhra Pradesh? And what is 
the fuel inventory? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
The current lead distance for Q2 is at 271 kilometres. The railroad 
mix, yeah, we did indicate the Jajpur movement is mostly by rail in 
terms of the outward. So, but for that, except for the clinker moment, 
we have not done any rail movement on the outward freight. Only, the 
inward, which is primarily to do with the clinker and all is going only 
by rail both to Jajpur as well as 80% of it to Bayyavaram went by rail, 
coal inward of course from Singareni mostly it is by rail. So that sums 
up. 
Now looking at our own volumes in terms of -- for each of the state’s 
sir, yeah, we did close to 1.04 million out of that close to 50 odd 
percent is for AP and Telangana. Yeah, we did close to 16% into 
Tamil Nadu, 9% into Karnataka, 6% into Maharashtra, 7% each for 
Orrisa and Madhya Pradesh and there is a 1% to all the other 
remaining states where we would have supplied SRC Cements sir. 
Manish Valecha: 
Sir, one more question, what is the fuel inventory that you're carrying 
now? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, the fuel inventory, we are running it for the full quarter we have 
the inventory sir. This includes both domestic as well as imported and 
domestic pet coke. We are running with one quarter. 
Manish Valecha: 
Okay sir. Sir next question is from Viraj Kulkarni. Our Indian coal 
mix was 30% for this quarter. Despite this, the power and fuel cost 
were in excess of ₹2,000 per ton, which seems to be quite high 
compared to the others who have reported. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I cannot compare with the others. In our case, the power and fuel costs 
got elevated purely because the CPP, which consume coal there we 
had to go for expensive coal. We have taken a conscious decision to 
switch off the CPP and go back to the grid, because it was costing 
close to around ₹12 odd per unit, that also has increased the overall 
kind of power and fuel costs. 
We hope that the trend lines would put us in a better state in terms of 
the coal availability as well as the pricing. That is not the case, sir. So 
that probably has pushed us to be slightly higher compared to some of 
the peers. Also, you have to look at the blending ratio, though we did 
slightly higher, but still we are close to 50:50. I think the minute we 
get aligned, which is not very far that once we get aligned with most 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 13 of 20 
of our peers in terms of same blended cement ratios as they would, our 
power and fuel cost also would be looking at a lot lower than the other 
sir. 
But in our case, it definitely impacted power and fuel costs for the last 
quarter, did impact the overall kind of the coal usage and the 
availability did impact the overall kind of a cost. But we have made 
those decisions now and we are more than hopeful that in the current 
quarter itself we are expecting a ₹250 saving on the account of power 
and fuel costs sir. 
Manish Valecha: 
Okay. Got it sir. Sir, the next question is from Rashi Shah. Sir can you 
please give us the volume breakup between the existing and the new 
units? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
 Yeah, we did close   to 0.25 million between both the unit’s sir, 
around 70,000 odd tons from Jajpur and 190,000 tons from Madhya 
Pradesh for the first half. Yeah, the Madhya Pradesh unit for Q2 is 
77,000 and for Jajpur it is 35,000 tons from Odisha units. 
Manish Valecha: 
Okay, thank you sir. The next question is from Rajat Setia. What is the 
Capex left to be done and by when this will be complete? How much 
capacity expansion will happen because of that? And also, what is the 
capacity that we are looking to add from Andhra Cement? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, the Capex as indicated sir, for both the assets it is completely 
done, that more or less concludes the Capex spend on the assets that 
we have at both Odisha and Madhya Pradesh. The only small 
operational Capex that we are doing is around ₹30 odd crores, I think 
we did close to ₹10 odd crores, another ₹20 crores probably would 
add up in the next six months on this, because there is a large shade 
that is under implementation at Mattampally, so that is what we are 
looking at -- in this point of time. 
Now, from a diligence perspective about what we have looked at 
Andhra Cement sir, it's a 2.6 million ton. That's what we are hoping to 
get added up as soon as it gets fructified in our favour. 
Manish Valecha: 
Got it sir. So, last time you had mentioned about Singareni coal that 
was -- there were some certain issues on supply. So, have they been 
sorted now? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir. They have been more or less sorted, though the rains are still 
troubling a bit. But from a connectivity perspective, we did receive 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 14 of 20 
good volumes in the last month and we are hoping the -- most of the 
FSA Singareni to start fulfilling the entire FSA obligations from their 
end going forward. 
Manish Valecha: 
Got it. Sir, your view on the new capacities that are getting added plus 
the M&A activity that is happening in the Central region, per se. Do 
you think that over a period of next one to two years, you might see a 
lot of Capex there with also older plants getting revived and things 
like that that might add pressure to the Central region? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, I think the Central region more so UP, because that's where the 
action is in terms of. Yeah, we are expecting a huge demand to pick 
up in UP. Fortunately, the demand looks to be far higher compared to 
the potential supply that is likely to happen. See, a lot of people 
assume that the JP is not working, but the factories that JP is working 
probably at a lesser volume. So, the incremental volume that is 
expected from ramping up of that is probably should get absorbed in 
no time, because the demand looks to be in a very, very high scenario. 
Of course, Amethi and JK's plant both are likely to happen probably in 
the coming year. But by the time these assets come up, we believe that 
demand should be in a good situation to absorb whatever is adding up. 
Usually, the supply and demand equation in Central was always 
favouring more demand and less supply, probably the gap probably 
will get narrowed down when all these things get commissioned. But 
from the way the UP demand is shaping up, we think that the old 
trends might probably continue even with the new supply, things look 
to me more promising than ever before Mr. Manish as far as Central 
region is concerned. 
Manish Valecha: 
Got it. Sir, any particular segment that is driving demand there? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think it is government spending mostly on infrastructure side. 
Manish Valecha: 
Okay. Next question is from Shravan.   
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, just wanted to understand the discount structure being a slightly 
modified by the large players or some of the competitors in your 
region? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
 I think it's an ongoing affair. People keep changing the names of 
those discounts. But the reality is that some amount of the RD, PD or 
whatever people would call, some amount of rationalization, I would 
put it. Yeah, a lot of knocking out has happened on those fronts. But 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 15 of 20 
it's not just now, it was a case for last couple of quarters now. We are 
seeing some reductions on those RDs and PDs in our region too. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, that's it, sir. 
Manish Valecha: 
The next question is from Debotro Sinha. Under the Gati Shakti 
master plan of Government of India is launching the Unified Logistics 
Interface Platform, which promises to reduce the overall logistics 
costs by 10% to 12%. What is the impact of on Sagar Cements freight 
costs and cement industry as a whole? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, I think it's a great platform and a great policy document, but it's on 
the overall kind of a logistics, what kind of impact it will have on 
cement, I think it is very limited sir. In our own case, we are not 
expecting that to save in a big way. Because it's a multi-modal. The 
problem is not with the freight alone, but the problem is with the 
handling costs. So, in a multi-modal scheme, typically if you have a 
greater number of handlings, it may not come to our rescue. So, we 
would rather -- see we have been looking at it, I would not say that we 
have looked at it completely, but we would want to take some more 
time before we could make a conclusive kind of a remark. 
But from the brief overview that we have had and some discussions 
we've had with the experts in that particular segment. In our sector the 
bigger challenge is at the handling side sir. So, on that front, yeah, we 
are not expecting a major saving for ourselves. I cannot speak about 
the industry. Yeah, there are some things that we have seen with the 
cargo, the bulker transport, container transport with the rake and all, 
yeah, we do think that there is some saving, but we have not really 
done calculation for ourselves, because that may not be a fit case for 
us. 
At the industry level, we do believe like Bharathi just launched one of 
its kind of a model basis that I am sure if they have launched, my 
assumption is that it definitely has some advantages that's the reason 
why they have launched. In our own case, we do not have assets 
which would add value from that perspective at this point of time. So, 
from our side, it has -- I don't think we have, it adds value to us at this 
point of time. That's what we would like to comment on that. 
Debotro Sinha: 
Thank you sir. 
Manish Valecha: 
Sir, the next question is from Nikhil, what is the outlook on demand, 
especially in the South region? 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 16 of 20 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir outlook on demand, typically, again, I have to go back to the 
history, two years before the election it peaks. So, we are just getting 
into that second year from next year onwards. So, we do believe that 
we are in good time as far as demand is concerned, even but for the 
rain for the current year sir, most of the states have actually performed 
20% higher than last year. We do think that by next half, next year 
first half, we should be crossing three COVID kind of levels for 
demand in most of the southern states. 
Manish Valecha: 
 Sir, the next question is a follow-up from Rajat Setia. For Andhra 
Cement acquisition, how are we looking to finance that and if it was to 
come to us? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, I think we did raise equity as well as a debt. I think that should 
more or less help us with the internal accruals acquire the asset sir. So, 
we are reasonably fully funded for a potential acquisition. And more 
so from an Andhra perspective, I think we are fully funded from that 
perspective. We took a ₹500 odd crore of structured debt. We also 
raised a ₹350 crore of equity from Premji Invest, and we do have 
some internal accruals. I think these three should help us acquire the 
assets. 
Manish Valecha: 
Okay. Sir, does that mean that the current debt levels should be at the 
peak? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes sir. More or less, yeah, more or less the debt levels are fixed sir, 
because there is a ₹500 odd crore of debt, which is more for an 
acquisition that we have borrowed. So that should help us get the 
target. 
Manish Valecha: 
The next question is from Prakhar Porwal. Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Sir, like you mentioned demand outlook in South India. So, basically, 
I had a follow-up question regarding that like as we have seen in the 
last decade, demand in South has been stagnant and not has increased 
on an overall economy level. So, just wanted to know like whether 
capacity utilization that Sagar currently has a 49% overall in India. So 
basically, the current consolidations that are happening, how does 
Sagar aim to like what actions or what has a thought to maintain or to 
increase those utilizations and make this stagnant demand in South 
India? 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 17 of 20 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, I think what you're looking at 49% is very specific to the last 
quarter. The reality is we will be operating anywhere between 45% to 
65%. Let me take one year forward, not go beyond that. Yeah, we do 
expect more or less the capacity utilizations to remain where they have 
been for last few years. We are not expecting a major shift in that 
purely because there is an incremental demand. See, contrary to what 
most of the people think South did grow sir, it's not that it remains 
stagnant, but supply also had caught up with it. 
So, given the supply position at this point of time, for at least next 
year, we do believe that the capacity utilization more or less will be 
very, very similar to how it has been for last few years. Beyond that, 
we do expect an incremental kind of a demand, unless some unusual 
supply comes into the market, there is a likely that there could be a 
small surge or increase in the capacity utilization. But I think 80% 
capacity utilization is 100% near 100% in South at any given point of 
time. 
Just to reiterate sir, in FY11-12, the demand in South was 65 million. 
Pre-COVID that is FY19, the demand reached to 81 million. So, it's 
not that it remains static, it grew, but so is the supply. So that's one of 
the reasons why a capacity utilization more or less remained static, not 
that demand was bad. But supply was more than the demand that got 
added up. And we do believe that next two years, we should go back 
to the peak number that we have witnessed at around 81 million, 
probably, if not this year, at least by halfway through next year, we 
should start seeing those numbers is what we think, because that was 
the trend. 
Looking at the historical patterns. A year -- two years before the 
elections, most of the supply starts, demand starts picking up quite 
sharply. So that's what we are expecting even this time around. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
Sir the next question is from Arun. Does the upcoming Delhi, Mumbai 
expressway near Dahod helps Satguru plant to supply cement at the 
lower cost for the catchment area? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
For sure sir, but I think our footprint area has Indore and Baroda and 
Ahmedabad are also not far sir. So, it will definitely help. We don't 
see challenge with the demand in those regions. It's a question of 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 18 of 20 
realization. We are not seeing any issues with the demand for our 
asset, because it's just a million-ton plant. And the capital markets are 
reasonably strong there. So, this will definitely add up. Will it make a 
difference? Yes. But to what extent is a question to our self. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. Sir the next question is from Rajat. Do we have any target 
for rail dispatch mix, lead distance, blended cement mix for the next 
two to three years? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, we do not have a target for the rail dispatch mix, but we 
definitely have a target for the lead distance as indicated. We are 
targeting 275 kilometers for us to achieve that number. Fortunately, 
the current assets with even the road mix should help us reach that 
number. From a blending perspective sir, we were always sub 40 all 
these years. Yeah, we are looking at a 70-30 kind of a mix where 70% 
will be the blended over the next couple of years. 70% will be the 
blended cement and 30% will be the OPC. 
The reason why we believe that OPC will still be there is because 
some of the large institutional buyers would still prefer an OPC for 
them to do the blending. So that's one of the reasons why we are not 
holding out completely the OPC. Our internal target is to achieve 70% 
blended with the 30% OPC mix. 
Rail dispatch again is subject to the markets that we service and the 
overall kind of logistics cost that it is likely to save. So, we go with the 
overall kind of a cost not fixated on the rail dispatches. Most of the 
markets that we are servicing and the assets that we have, I think rail 
is not a big option for us sir. 
Road typically has given us the best kind of a freight rates into the 
market. That's one of the reasons why we are one of the lowest cost 
freight operators in India for the cement. 
Manish Valecha: 
The next question is from Jashandeep Chadha. 
Jashandeep Chadha: 
I just wanted to ask and understand what sort of limestone reserves are 
we getting with? Also, on the basis of the land package that we are 
getting in limestone reserve, what sort of Brownfield optionality do 
you see in Andhra Cement?   
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Chadha we are yet to get it. So, we are one of the other persons 
who has bid for it. Andhra, as indicated has close to around 165 odd 
million tons of limestone sir. 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 19 of 20 
Jashandeep Chadha: 
Okay, thank you, sir. Thank you so much. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rajan Shah. What is the market 
share of Sagar Cements in India? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, our assumption is that we are 5 million on it, 425 million 
supply, sir. Is it supply driven or a demand driven, I've never 
understood. But yeah, we would be close to 5 million with close to 
around 0.9% to 1% kind of share in the overall kind of a demand. 
Manish Valecha: 
Sir the next question is from Ramakrishna. With the improving road 
infrastructure across the country, have you seen consistent efficiencies 
coming in way in terms of overall logistics cost? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, I think the issue there is the efficiency has helped us, turnaround 
times have come down quite heavily. That obviously indirectly helps 
us to reduce the overall kind of freight costs. But what one has to keep 
in mind is most of this infrastructure is happening with tollages sir. 
So, there is a net negative effect on the overall kind of cost even on 
that. 
Turnaround times definitely have come down sir. Earlier, when I 
started my career it used to take close to around 15 hours from our 
plant to Hyderabad, which is 200 kilometers away. Today, it takes less 
than five hours to reach. So, there is a huge, huge kind of -- the 
carrying capacity definitely has gone up from what was sub 20, 25. 
Today, people are talking of near 50 to 60 ton carrying capacity. So, 
these things would definitely add up. 
But unfortunately, on a shorter term, the infrastructure built up also is 
happening with the tollages, so that more or less is negating the 
overall kind of costs. But this could be a short term, but medium to 
long-term, we definitely think it will save quite a bit. 
Manish Valecha: 
Sir the next question is from Vincent Andrews. How much would be 
the cash outflow for Andhra Cements towards acquisition and 
subsequent CapEx on that? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, it is too soon. So, we are in the bidding process. We'd be very 
happy as soon as it reaches to some point, we'd happy discussing that. 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call 
October 20, 2022 
Page 20 of 20 
At this point of time it is -- it's in the bidding process. So, it's too soon 
for us to comment on that. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you.   I would now like to hand over the call to you for your 
closing comments, please. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. We would like to once again thank you for joining on the 
call. I hope you have had all the answers you are looking for. Please 
feel free to contact our team at Sagar or CDR should you need any 
further information or you have any further queries. We will be more 
than happy to discuss them with you. Thank you and have a good day. 
Thank you, Manish. 
