 
 
 
Vakrangee Limited “Vakrangee Corporate House”, Plot No.93,  
Road No.16, M.I.D.C. Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093. Maharashtra, 
W: www.vakrangee.in | L:+91 22 2850 3412/+91 22 6776 5100 
F: +91 22 28502017 | CIN: L65990MH1990PLC056669`` 
 
 
 
October 27, 2022 
 
To, 
 
Department of Corporate Relationship 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001  
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference call on financial results for quarter September 30, 2022. 
 
Ref.: Scrip Code – 511431/VAKRANGEE 
 
We enclose herewith a copy of the Transcript of Conference Call held on Friday, October 21, 2022, 
in respect of the financial results for the quarter September 30, 2022. 
 
The same can also be viewed at:  
https://vakrangee.in/pdf/Annual_and_Quarterly_Results_FY2022_23/Q2/Conference%20Call%20T
ranscript%20-%20Q2%20FY2022-23.pdf  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vakrangee Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Khandekar 
Company Secretary 
(Mem. No.: A50577) 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
KHANDEKA
R SACHIN 
TUKARAM
Digitally signed by KHANDEKAR SACHIN TUKARAM 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=9b8c16b6d2ea4521ca3fc63913c039dabc8065
1029f00c28ea4ca75e666ec3c2, postalCode=400069, 
street=3097A Shri Sai prasad sra chsl sai wadi n s, 
phadke road,andheri east, 
pseudonym=0ed49c8385f773630df2f59c1809287a, 
serialNumber=d0ee1a6f46e34aa2c42edac2de47e7873c
65431b6bfe84a88768657f9458d264, o=Personal, 
cn=KHANDEKAR SACHIN TUKARAM 
Date: 2022.10.27 16:42:17 +05'30'

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
Vakrangee Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
Oct 21, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Vakrangee Lim-
ited Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all partici-
pant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an oppor-
tunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is been I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Dinesh Nandwana – Managing Director and Group CEO, Vakrang-
ee Ltd. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Dinesh Nandwana: 
 Thank you very much, good day dear ladies and gentlemen, it is 
pleasure to greet you all once again on behalf of our Board of Direc-
tors and senior management. We begin by thanking all of you for hav-
ing spare time in joining us here today to discuss our second quarter 
earning for the financial year 2023. Today we have emerged as a go to 
market platform for the rural India for various business verticals in-
cluding the new Edge Fintech and digital platforms. We are building 
India's largest last mile distribution platform and emerging as the 
physical plus digital ecosystem with the Pan India presence. Today we 
have more than 24,887 outlets spread across 33 States and union ter-
ritories. 595 districts and 5,834 postal codes. Our 82% outlets are pre-
sent in deep rural Tier 4 to 6 locations. This kind of presence makes us 
the partner of choice for any new business partners who wish to make 
their products services available in rural India. We have a clear focus 
on market expansion and this isn't our first mover advantage there by 
our plan is to achieve a long term outlet expansion target of 75,000 

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Next Gen outlet within the next 18 months. This will mark our pres-
ence across 100% districts and postal code of the country. And will 
make us India's largest last mile rural distribution platform with the 
physical presence. Recently we've launched new attractive pricing for 
all our Kendra models including the 100% refundable deposit models 
for ATM services as well as we introduced our master franchisees ini-
tiative, whereby we are in the process of appointing district level mas-
ter franchisees across the country. We have successfully appointed 
master franchisee in 53 districts across 15 states across the country. 
These master franchisee would provide on-ground operational sup-
port to the existing franchisee as well as drive new franchisee acquisi-
tion. This would lead to help us scale at a faster pace and expand on a 
pan India basis. We believe this master franchisee initiative is a game 
changer and receiving our local field presence and operational control 
at the ground level, we plan to achieve 100% district coverage over 
the next 12 months. These new initiatives would help us scale up a 
much faster pace and thereby achieve our long term targets well 
ahead of targeted timelines. Since the last quarter we have launched 
additional franchisee Commission incentive schemes, these additional 
incentives are transitory in nature but would lead to quicker payback 
for the franchisee thereby creating positive word of mouth and driv-
ing strong new franchise interest. A strong word of mouth and referral 
incentives along with Pan India, marketing have resulted into higher 
lead funnel for franchisee acquisition. We have a strong footfall and 
brand presence in rural India and our customer trust us with their 
day-to-day banking needs during quarter two financial year 23 we 
opened 5.5 Lacs bank account 1.7 lacs insurance and pension policies 
and did more than 1.93 crore banking transaction with a gross trans-
action value of rupees 9,688 crore. While currently in a nascent stage, 
the Indian new banking user base is expected to grow fast at 80% plus 
yearly over the next five years there is a huge underpenetrated rural 

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
market with whose retail and MSME customer base further. There is a 
lack of trust with the current rural customer base. Therefore, physical 
presence and assistance is a key differentiator. Going forward we are 
well structured to transition into new bank as we plan to launch new 
banking services through our Bharat easy mobile super app. Through 
this we are focused to evolve into unique online to offline platform 
whereby there would be assistance available through the physical as-
sistance network along with digital NEO banking services. Other we 
have a strong existing retail customer base in rural India and we are 
focused on affordable pricing and unique online to offline consumer 
experience. With respect to the proposed demerger of the non-core 
banking of E governance and IT ITES as a separate entity, we would 
like to update that we have received the approval for demerger from 
Stock Exchange and have now filled the application for NCLT approval. 
We believe the proposed demerger would unlock the potential of the 
core Vakrangee Kendra business in the current listed entity with exist-
ing business of a Vakrangee Kendra physical outlet as well as digital 
platform of Bharat easy Mobile super app. Vakrangee Kendra business 
is retail centric consumer facing business. It is an asset light high re-
turn on capital business thereby will get the proper representation 
post the demerger. We believe this would lead to significant rerating 
of the core business and would maximize shareholders value. Over 
the last few years we have undergone a huge transformational jour-
ney whereby we have made a transition from non-exclusion store in-
store format outlet to highly recognizable, exclusive branded nextgen 
format outlets. We believe we are now well poised and have a clear 
visibility for a strong growth journey in the next few years to come. 
We have aligned our strategy with one of the existing service partner 
to expand our presence across the country in every gram panchayat 
level. Commenting on the quarterly result performance, we have wit-
nessed stable operating growth on year on year as well as quarter on 

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
quarter basis due to increase in number of outlet as well as our ser-
vices return to normalcy on the business front. Our revenue from op-
eration increased by 12.98% on year on year basis and 3.56% on quar-
ter on quarter basis. Our total number of a Vakrangee Kendra outlet 
cross 24,887 which are spread across 595 districts, 32 States and UTs. 
Our quarterly gross transaction value cross rupees 129.41 billion. 
Where our quarterly number of transition cross 33.04 million. Our 
near term profitability has been impacted as we are reinvesting our 
operational cash flows for enhancing franchisee incentives. Our mar-
gins have been impacted primarily due to the launch of additional 
franchisee incentive schemes. These additional incentives are transi-
tory in nature but would lead to quick payback for the franchisees, 
thereby driving this new franchisees interest. The maximum impact 
on gross margin due to these incentives has happened and would 
keep on reducing over the next few quarters, thereby gross margin 
and profitability will keep on improving henceforth in the subsequent 
quarters. Strong word of mouth and reference incentives along with 
Pan India marketing have resulted into higher lead funnel for franchi-
see acquisition. Further, we have introduced new attractive pricing for 
all our Kendra models as well as introduced masters franchisee which 
would help us scale up as much as faster pace and thereby achieving 
our long term target well ahead of targeted timelines. We are confi-
dent that these historically initiatives shall lead to significant growth 
in profitability in long term. Vakrangee digital venture limited is 100% 
subsidiary company of Vakrangee Limited. The company has launched 
a mobile super app best business platform primarily targeting rural 
India, Bharat Easy app India ka super app, currently beta trial version 
has been launched. It is currently a beta trial version and we intend to 
go fully operational and commercial live in the next 6 – 8 months. We 
have made live and activated some of the key services like online, 
shopping, total healthcare, online Demat account, opening Cibil credit 

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
score rating services as well as the online Pan Card application ser-
vices. A unique differentiator and sustainable competitive advantage 
is where by our digital super app platform would be able to leverage 
the Vakrangee on ground ecosystem. A vast well diversified Pan India 
level physical store network of Vakrangee is a point of physical assis-
tance, especially to consumers to semi urban and rural remote loca-
tions. Vakrangee Digital Ventures shall leverage the vakrangee ecosys-
tem, Strong brand recall Vakrangee Kendra enjoy good positive NPS 
among users. Our NPS score is 68% as per Redseer research report. 
Access to existing Vakrangee customer base of 25 million active cus-
tomers. Access to existing network of 24,800 plus outlets for physical 
assistance and consumer awareness. This unique proposition of digi-
tal, along with physical would help the digital channel to scale up fast 
and would significantly reduce the costs related to acquiring customer 
physical assistance, order fulfilling and return management of the 
online orders. Further, leveraging physical presence would result into 
better customer interaction a strong brand recall and better service, 
experience and trust for the customer. Our company has been global-
ly ranked number one in the sustainalytics ESG Risk rating ranking in 
the software and service industry segment. Over all Vakrangee has 
been recognized by sustainalytics as an ESG Global 50 top rated com-
panies. Vakrangee ltd has been identified as a top ESG performer out 
of more than 4000 comprehensive companies their societies cover in 
the global universe. Vakrangee ltd has also been honored to be in-
cluded in the Year Sustainability Yearbook 2022, published by S&P 
Global. The sustainability yearbook 2022, published by S&P Global, is 
one of the World Most comprehensive publication providing in depth 
analysis on corporate responsibility. This annual ranking showcase the 
sustainability performance of the world largest companies in each in-
dustry is determined like there is core in the annual corporate sus-
tainability assessment in 2022, S&P Global had assist over 7500 com-

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
panies across 61 industries this year. Vakrangee has been accepted as 
a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact. And we have 
mapped our sustainability institute with the United Nations Sustaina-
bility Development Goals. Further, we have appointed Grant Thornton 
as our assurance auditor for our assurance of our integrated annual 
report. We have recently released our third integrated annual report 
for 2021-22, along with reasonable assurance from independent Audi-
tor Grant Thornton Bharat LLP. Global recognition reflect companies’ 
commitment to further enhance its corporate governance and trans-
parency standards. Company has achieved global recognition across 
various platforms folds. Superior ESG performance and long term 
business sustainability. Lastly, I would like to again reiterate that our 
profit margins have bottomed out and we are all set for sustainable 
improved growth going forward. The maximum impact of the strate-
gic initiatives on PAT Margins. PAT margins has already been factored 
in and thereby profitability will keep on improving henceforth in the 
subsequent quarter, we are confident that these initiatives will lead to 
significant growth in profitability in the long run. I would now like to 
take this opportunity to thanks our shareholders for their support. We 
can now open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. The first question is from the line of Animesh 
Sanghvi, an individual investor, kindly proceed.  
Animesh Sanghvi: 
My question is that going forward, does the profitability will get bet-
ter from current quarters? Please provide your guidance on the same. 
Also, can you brief on the long term growth plan and the number of 
outlets we are expecting in future?  
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
So as we have highlighted also that currently our margins have been 
impacted because of the additional franchise incentive schemes 

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
which we had provided since last quarter we started in last quarter 
and going forward these are temporary in nature. Because primary to 
generate a very strong word of mouth and a positive environment at 
the field level, doing new franchise acquisition, therefore these are 
transitory in nature and over the subsequent quarters over the next 
four to six quarters, margins will keep on improving, and this incentive 
will keep on reducing, so our profitability will get back on track over 
the next few quarters. The maximum impact has already happened, 
so every quarter on quarter you will see the improvement coming in 
and uh and margin going back to our standard level. So that is what 
we expect because we are generating a huge amount of interest for 
new franchisee acquisition as well as we have set a very high growth 
target in order to reach 75,000 next Gen outlet over the next 18 
months. So 75,000 outlets was earlier our target for the five year pe-
riod, whereas what we realized was that we are having a first mover 
advantage in place where our brand is known and people know us 
very well and since we are also launching a digital super app platform 
over and above our physical network so it becomes very important for 
us to have a faster expansion at the field level, so the physical plus 
digital ecosystem can be showcased as a pan India level kind of pres-
ence. So our target is to have a presence across each and every postal 
code of the country across each and every district of the country cur-
rently. They are present in around 595 districts overall target is to 
reach across all 740 plus districts. Currently we are present in 5800 
plus postal code. The target is to reach across entire 19,000 postal 
codes. So for that we had to come out with some kind of incentive 
schemes where our existing network becomes very profitable and 
very strong, and there is a good barrel model in place. Good word of 
mouth in place because in the rural level, what we have realized is the 
new franchisee, whoever they largely depend on the feedback that 
they received from the existing network. Therefore the profitability of 

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
the existing network is very important, and since we are giving a very 
good handsome incentives which is over and above the regular Com-
mission it all the most become more attractive and therefore. We are 
receiving a huge funnel in terms of new inquiries, we have received 
more than 1,50,000 plus EOI expression of interest and therefore if 
you see even in the last quarter we have added almost more than 
2000 plus new outlet which have on boarded and we have crossed 
24,800 plus now and we are having a very strong pipeline in place. So 
as these incentives gets normalized and gets back to their normal lev-
el, the dump will be their seen in the gross margins, EBITDA margins 
and PAT margin. So therefore what I would say to your query, yes, 
profitability will definitely improve every quarter on quarter you will 
see the improvement in profitability and maybe in the next three to 
four quarters we get back to our normal profitability margins in terms 
of the growth target. Long term growth target. Our current focus is to 
reach 75,000 source within the next 18 months. That is where we are 
targeting in order to have 100% presence in across each and every 
postal code of the country in each and every district of the country. So 
the first target is to reach this 75,000 stores. Overall we feel the mar-
ket size or targetable addressable market what we say as a Tam is ba-
sically around a million stores because there are more than 6,50,000 
villages almost more than three lacs gram panchayats more than 
75,000 urban mall or more than a million polling booth. So where we 
feel that our Vakrangee Kendra, which is within a walkable distance of 
a local community, the overall market size would be maybe a million 
outlet, but maybe at least we are still scratching the surface. We are 
still only at around 25,000 odd outlets, but at least we want to grow 
three times this network in the next 18 months to 75,000 stores. I 
think so that is the key milestone which we are focusing on right now. 
Thank you.  

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Mittal, an indi-
vidual investor kindly proceed.  
Vipul Mittal: 
 My question is can you please throw more lights on this master fran-
chise initiatives? How will it impact on the business growth and what 
is the future road map for the same?  
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
Thanks for this question. So Master franchise is very interesting initia-
tive which we ventured out. And what we are seeing is that it has 
tremendous potential because we have already appointed now al-
most 53 Master franchises in 53 Districts across 15 states of the coun-
try. So it's almost the fair amount of pilot or I would say dipstick. 
What we have done and what we have realized is either localized per-
son of that particular district who is already having a very strong foot-
hold, a very strong network in place, and he's there at the local level 
as our representative, and his skin is there in the game because he is 
earning basically a Commission on the incremental business that the 
franchisee does. So therefore all the interest and the intent is com-
pletely aligned with our vision and our interest. So therefore what we 
are saying is that a master franchisee at the local level not only brings 
us a strong local presence because he's already setting up his own lo-
cal office Master franchisee office at every district level, plus he's 
there at the local level to do hand holding of the franchisees for day-
to-day operations, resolving the issues at the local level. At the same 
time he's the face he is already conducting seminar. He's conducting 
events in order to do new franchisee acquisitions because he also 
wants to grow the business because his interests and our interests are 
completely aligned. So that is what we are feeling is that this is a real-
ly game changer more for us and what we see is that maybe in the 
next 8 to 12 months we will have a pan India presence with the prop-
er office in place at each and every district level location. And I have 
this kind of field force in place where the person is an entrepreneur 

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
because master franchisee himself is an entrepreneur and he is earn-
ing if the franchisees are earning so his interests are completely 
aligned with the franchisee and with us, so that makes us more com-
fortable, more confident, and at the same time he's much more ma-
ture as compared to our normal franchisee because he's a high net 
worth individual, he has a strong skill set in place. He's having a strong 
team in place, so it is not only master franchisee. Every master fran-
chisee has his complete team in place so they have a spokes for each 
vertical plus they have every block level block officer so that in a way 
gives me a complete field for on boarded for us in the local language 
in the local skill set, because for example if I'm going to the South lan-
guage can be a barrier, but here my master franchise is the local light 
of that particular district, so that gives much more comfort even for 
any new franchisee coming on board because they have a local phase, 
they have a local person. To speak to local, ongoing day-to-day opera-
tional support in place so we feel with the master franchisees in place, 
our scalability would be much better. Would be much strong at the 
same time our monitoring control and day-to-day operations would 
be much more tightly run because the master franchisee is there at 
the local level and at the same time the model is built in such a way 
that his interest and our interests are completely aligned. So as I said, 
he is getting the submission of the incremental business that the fran-
chising network is doing. For him, so that makes it all the more im-
portant that his participation is at the Max. So therefore we feel that 
with this master franchisee model in place, initiative in place, so we 
will be able to achieve our target in a much more profitable manner in 
a much more scalable manner, and definitely it feels very promising 
from the experience what we are getting from the 53 district where 
the master fantasies have been appointed, the results have been very 
encouraging and I think maybe six months down the line we will actu-

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
ally see the fruits of this initiative and we will see a huge impact in 
terms of our honor, scalability and profitability. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jitendra Kumar and 
individual investor. Kindly proceed.  
Jitendra Kumar: 
 Hi I have seen that Vakrangee is continuously adding new services. 
What is the current plan to add more services in the near future, in 
which services you see that there is huge potential for the future 
growth? Can you please guide on this?  
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
So as we said that basically we have built a last mile distribution plat-
form basically so there any brand, any partner, any service can be 
plugged in and we can provide them access to a completely unserved, 
underserved or Tier 3 to tier 6 kind of customer base. So if you see 
basically the services like banking, ATM, money transfer, insurance or 
online shopping, we had Amazon and recently we have just done the 
tie up with decathlon. We are currently doing the pilot project for de-
cathlon that is again similar to an online shopping for sports goods. 
On the newer services health care services, total health care services 
has been very promising. We are adding two more products there ba-
sically. We are also trying to add Agri products, so we had done a tie 
up with partner called Big Haat. So where basically complete agricul-
ture products would be available. Through the online portal product, 
such as the seeds, pesticides, agri equipment, so those that is that 
looks very promising. That will be going live over the next two to 
three months. Demat account we had done. We have also recently 
done tie up with Anand Rathi so we'll also be making that service 
lives, we had the done Pan Card services and Cibil score services also 
through the portal and what we are also doing is we are exploring 
many more new vertical. So whether it is in the education side or 
whether it is on the employment side, getting rural jobs getting unor-

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
ganized job opportunities. So we are exploring those kind of opportu-
nities because that is their target customer base and these services 
are more of a requirement in those locations and how we can also 
work on the farming and Agri side is where what we are exploring. So 
maybe these are some of the new verticals which might get added 
over the next couple of quarters, but right now if you see our com-
plete financial services, is there complete ATM is there, complete 
ecommerce is there within e-commerce similar to Amazon. We had 
done tie up with decathlon. We are doing this big haat which is more 
often online for Agri product and we are exploring as I said, two more 
vertical which is education and another one is basically employment 
generation or a skill development, that is, that is where we are work-
ing on and maybe in next couple of quarters we will be announcing 
some tie ups in that space. So I think that is from our perspective we 
want to make our store as the most convenient store for that neigh-
borhood. For that's a local village level location. So our tagline, what 
we say. Puri Duniya Padosme or Sab Kam Ek Dukan so we are trying to 
see what are the things which are not being done at our stores and 
what we can bring under one umbrella where our target customer 
base suits and which are the more services. But that is where we 
stand today in terms of new services, which we are exploring thank 
you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ammeet Sabarwal from Vakrangee 
for closing comments.  
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
 Thank you everyone for taking time out and participating in our Q2 
FY23 con call. Please feel free to get in touch with us in case of any 
further queries in case of any further details required. My e-mail ID is 
a Ammeets@vakrangee.in. It's also available on website, thank you 
and good evening. Thank you.  

Vakrangee Limited 
Oct 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. On behalf of Vakrangee limited that concludes this con-
ference, thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
 
