 
 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115 
CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
Mailing Address: 
Registered Office: 
       Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11, 
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable)                
 
Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
New Linking Road, Malad (West), 
Mumbai - 400 025                                                      Website: www.icicilombard.com   
    Mumbai - 400 064 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/138-10/2023 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI); Debt (NSE: ILGI29) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Subject: Transcript of earnings conference call for quarter and half-year ended 
September 30, 2022  
 
This is further to our letter dated September 30, 2022 and October 18, 2022, please note 
that the Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) 
on Tuesday, October 18, 2022 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2022.  
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2022. 
 
The same will also be made available on the Company’s website at www.icicilombard.com 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. As above 
Vikas Mehra
Digitally signed by 
Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2022.10.21 
17:22:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q2 & H1FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Management: 
MR. BHARGAV DASGUPTA – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO & CRO 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, a very warm welcome to ICICI Lombard 
General Insurance Company Limited’s Q2 & H1FY2023 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
From the Senior Management, we have with us today Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta 
- MD & CEO of the Company; Mr. Gopal Balachandran - CFO & CRO; Mr. 
Sanjeev Mantri – Executive Director; and Mr. Alok Agarwal – Executive 
Director. 
Please note that any statements, comments are made in today’s calls that may 
look like forward-looking statements are based on information presently 
available to the management, and do not constitute an indication of any future 
performance as future involved risk, and uncertainties which could cause 
results to differ materially from the current views being expressed. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhargav 
Dasgupta, MD & CEO – ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir! 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the earnings 
conference call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited for Q2 
and H1 FY2023 
 
I will give you a brief overview of the industry trends and developments that we 
have witnessed in the last few months. Post this, our CFO, Mr. Gopal 
Balachandran will share the ‘Financial Performance of the Company’ for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022. 
 
Domestically the economic activity has been gathering pace, and the recovery 
is evidenced by the high frequency indicators in the industrial and services 
sector. The improvement in consumption spending is expected to be sustained 
by strong festive demand and possible improvement in rural consumption in 
the second half of the year. The systemic credit growth is quite robust and 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 23 
broad-based. At the same time, headwinds from geopolitical tensions, 
tightening global financial conditions, strong dollar and elevated global inflation 
is slowing global demand resulting into lower exports, which may have an 
adverse impact on Indian economic growth in the near term. 
As per data published by SIAM the new vehicle sales witnessed strong growth 
for private car segment amidst easing supply chain constraints and festive 
demand, the Commercial vehicle segment grew robustly supported by 
underlying demand, while the two wheeler segment continued to remain slow 
compared to pre pandemic levels. Health insurance, continued to drive the 
overall industry growth. The commercial lines witnessed growth in line with the 
current market environment. We remain optimistic that the industry will 
continue to grow given the low insurance penetration, positive consumer 
sentiment and enhanced risk awareness. 
As a result, the GI industry delivered a Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) 
growth of 15.3% for H1 FY2023 over H1 FY2022. Excluding the crop 
insurance, the growth is at 18.0% for the same period. However, we continue 
to see pricing aggression in certain segments like motor, while there is some 
improvement in the group health segment. For motor business, Combined 
Ratio for the industry was 124.5% in Q1FY2023 as compared to 107.1% in 
Q1FY2022 as per public disclosures. Overall, the combined ratio of the 
industry improved to 111.4% in Q1FY2023 as compared to 124.0% in 
Q1FY2022.  
In the recent past, The Authority has announced several reforms to increase 
insurance penetration in the country. During the quarter the Authority has 
issued/proposed following changes – 
1. Exposure draft on “Expenses of management” and “Payment of 
Commission Regulations” proposing an aggregate limit at a company 
level.  
2. Master Guidelines on AML including KYC requirements along with 
establishing “internal policies, procedures, controls and compliance 
arrangement” effective November 1, 2022.  
3. Increase in number of tie-ups from 3 to 9 in case of Corporate Agents for 
each category of insurer  
4. “Other forms of Capital” wherein insurers can raise capital by the way of 
preference shares or subordinated debt without having to avail prior 
approval of the authority.  

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 23 
5. Amendments to Regulatory Sandbox Regulations eliminating time limit to 
facilitate innovation in products or solutions and to increase the 
experimental period up to 36 months. 
These are all under consideration and we believe that these and the many 
other changes that have been made or being proposed, will have a significant 
positive effect on product innovation, ease of doing business and insurance 
penetration. 
Moving to business impact for us in during the quarter– 
The Company grew by 22.6% as compared to the industry growth of 15.3%. 
Coming to the growth for key segments during the quarter -  
 
In Motor, growth remained tepid at 4.5%. We continued to combat 
challenges like heightened competitive intensity on the Motor OD side. 
We remained focused on growing our market share in certain key 
profitable sub segments within Motor. Overall new vehicle sales have 
been strong and demand sentiment also continues to be positive. We 
are optimistic, that with the improving pricing environment we will be 
able to consolidate leadership position, given our strength of 
distribution in this segment. 
 
Our investments in Retail Health distribution resulted in growth of 
15.8% as against 8.0% in Q1 FY2023. Within the quarter, we have 
outgrown the industry and standalone players for the month of 
September with a growth of 21.1%. This was driven by growth in 
business sourced through retail health agency vertical of 30.7% in Q2 
FY2023.  
o 
I would also like to share that our one stop solution for all 
insurance and wellness needs, “IL TakeCare” app, has 
surpassed ~2.7 million user downloads till date. The 
incremental download for the quarter was 1.0 million 
 
Our Bancassurance and Key Relationship Groups grew at 36.1% this 
quarter. Within this ICICI Bank distribution grew by 33.9% and non-
ICICI Bank distribution grew by 37.6%. Post pandemic, the recovery 
in credit growth along with increase in wallet share in distribution 
partners acquired through the demerger has been the key growth 
driver.  
 
Our Business sourced through our Digital One team grew by 24.5% 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 23 
o 
Overall, our digital focus has enabled us to increase our digital 
revenues to ₹ 2.26 billion which accounts for 4.4% of our 
overall GDPI for the quarter 
 
As far as the commercial lines are concerned, we experienced robust 
growth, driven by 26.9% growth in the SME segment. 
We remain on track and are focused on growth levers such as launching new 
products, strengthening our distribution engine, digital advancements, realising 
synergy, rationalising cost while scaling up our preferred lines of business. 
 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for the 
recently concluded quarter. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Bhargav and good evening to each one of you. I will now give you a 
brief overview of the financial performance of the Company for Q2 & H1 
FY2023. We have uploaded the results on the stock exchanges and in the 
process of uploading on our website. You can access it as we walk you through 
the performance numbers. 
Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company was at ₹ 105.55 billion 
in H1 FY2023 as against ₹ 86.13 billion in H1 FY2022, a growth of 22.6%. This 
growth was higher than the industry growth of 15.3%. GDPI was at ₹ 51.85 
billion in Q2 FY2023 as against ₹ 44.24 billion in Q2 FY2022, a growth of 
17.2%. This growth was higher than the industry growth of 10.0%. Our GDPI 
growth was primarily driven by growth in preferred segments. The overall GDPI 
of our property and casualty segment grew by 16.0 % at ₹ 32.13 billion in H1 
FY2023 as against ₹ 27.69 billion in H1 FY2022. 
On the retail side of business, GDPI of the Motor segment was at ₹ 37.09 billion 
in H1 FY2023 as against ₹ 32.46 billion in H1 FY2022, registering a growth of 
14.3%.  
Our agents (including Point of sale or POS) count, for the first time crossed 
one lakh to 1,00,636 as on September 30, 2022, from 94,559 as on June 30, 
2022. 
The advance premium was ₹ 34.34 billion as at September 30, 2022, as 
against ₹ 33.68 billion as at March 31, 2022. 
Resultantly, Combined ratio was 104.6% in H1 FY2023 as against 114.3% in 
H1 FY2022. Excluding the impact of cyclone and flood losses of ₹ 0.28 billion, 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 23 
the combined ratio was 104.2% in H1 FY2023 as against 113.0% in H1 FY2022 
excluding the impact of cyclone and flood loses of ₹ 0.82 billion. Combined 
ratio was 105.1% in Q2 FY2023 as against 105.3% in Q2 FY2022. Excluding 
the impact of flood and cyclone losses of ₹ 0.28 billion, the combined ratio was 
104.3% in Q2 FY2023 as against 103.7% in Q2 FY2022 excluding the impact 
of cyclone and flood losses of ₹ 0.50 billion. 
Our investment assets rose to ₹ 400.96 billion as at September 30, 2022, from 
₹ 398.34 billion as at June 30, 2022. Our investment leverage (net of 
borrowings) was 4.08x as at September 30, 2022, as against 4.18x as at June 
30, 2022. Investment income was at ₹ 13.94 billion in H1FY2023 as against ₹ 
16.05 billion in H1FY2022. On a quarterly basis, investment income increased 
to ₹ 7.39 billion in Q2 FY2023 as against ₹ 7.16 billion in Q2 FY2022. 
Investment income of Q2 FY2023 includes impairment on equity investment 
assets of ₹ 0.89 billion as per the company policy. Our capital gains (net of 
impairment on equity investment assets) stood at ₹ 1.43 billion in H1 FY2023 
as compared to ₹ 4.71 billion in H1 FY2022. Capital gains (net of impairment 
on equity investment assets) in Q2 FY2023 was lower at ₹ 1.11 billion as 
compared to ₹ 1.44 billion in Q2 FY2022. 
Our Profit before tax (PBT), grew by 26.1% at ₹ 10.75 billion in H1 FY2023 as 
against ₹ 8.52 billion in H1 FY2022, whereas PBT grew by 2.7% at ₹ 6.10 
billion in Q2 FY2023 as against ₹ 5.94 billion in Q2 FY2022. 
Consequently, Profit after tax (PAT), grew by 46.6% at ₹ 9.40 billion in H1 
FY2023 as against ₹ 6.41 billion in H1 FY2022, whereas PAT grew by 32.2% 
at ₹ 5.91 billion in Q2 FY2023 from ₹ 4.47 billion in Q2 FY2022. PAT for Q2 
FY2023 includes reversal of tax provision of ₹ 1.28 billion. Excluding this, 
growth in PAT was 26.5% and 3.4% for H1 & Q2 FY2023 respectively.  
Return on Average Equity i.e., ROAE was 19.9% in H1 FY2023 as against 
15.2% in H1 FY2022. The ROAE for Q2 FY2023 was 24.5% as against 21.0% 
in Q2 FY2022. Excluding the reversal of tax provision, ROAE for H1 & Q2 
FY2023 was at 17.3% and 19.3% respectively.  
Solvency ratio was at 2.47x as at September 30, 2022, as against 2.61x as at 
June 30, 2022, continued to be higher than the minimum regulatory 
requirement of 1.50x. 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 23 
The Board of Directors of the company has declared interim dividend of ₹ 4.50 
per share for H1 FY2023 
The Company has exercised the Call Option to redeem the Debentures of ₹ 
2.20 billion in full along with final interest due, post receipt of the necessary 
regulatory/statutory approvals on July 7, 2022. The record date for the same 
was August 7, 2022. Thus, the outstanding Debentures stands at ₹ 0.35 billion 
as at September 30, 2022. 
As I conclude, I would like to reiterate we continue to stay focused on profitable 
growth, sustainable value creation and safeguarding interest of policyholders 
at all times.  
I would like to thank you for attending our earnings conference call & we would 
be happy to take questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: I have three questions, first of all, the flow from Gross Written Premium to Net 
Earned Premium seems to have sequentially higher retention level during the 
quarter. And also seems that there is some unexpired risk reserved release 
that has happened. If you could highlight on this. 
Secondly, on the motor book, the GDPI mix shows that there is a higher share 
of private vehicles again, if you could throw some light on what is going on 
there and what is the reason behind the outcome of the TP loss ratio. 
And thirdly, on the crop portfolio, we have reached a ₹ 800 crore number in H1 
FY2023. You had mentioned earlier that you want the run rate of what Bharti 
AXA used to do in crops. So, does that mean that there would not be any 
further premium inflows in crop going ahead in the second half?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Let me take the third question and I will ask Gopal to answer the first, and 
jointly we will handle the second. On the crop business, it’s a seasonal mix. 
Kharif is usually bigger and the point that we had made earlier was that crop 
business will remain about 5% of our portfolio. I don't think there is going to be 
any change in that. So, second half of the year, the amount of crop business 
will be significantly lower than this number that you see in the first half. 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 23 
Again, the principle that we are following is the business that came from Bharti 
Axa General Insurance which we had a three-year commitment that we are 
maintaining and apart from that the new business that we have written is 
entirely on 80% -110% model. Certain states, as you know, have shifted to 
80%-110% model, where the cost of reinsurance products is significantly lower 
because of the natural limit of loss at 110% which we have written but the mix 
of the business will be much more in the first half compared to the second half. 
Overall, guidance that we had given in terms of composition of the mix of 
portfolio, that doesn't change. 
Gopal Balachandran: In the first question, there are a couple of elements in there. One is 
sequentially, why is the retention ratio higher? So, if you look at Q1 typically is 
a period of Commercial Policy Renewals where the extent of reinsurance 
support are relatively higher, and that's the reason why you find Q1 retention 
ratios to be relatively lower than Q2. Q2 is more a book where you also get to 
see higher proportion of retail business coming through and hence to that 
extent, sequentially, you will find the retention ratios for Q2 to be higher than 
Q1. Otherwise, in that sense, it is largely to do with the kind of business mix 
that we have for Q2 relative to Q1. 
 
For your second point in terms of Unexpired Risk Reserve releases being 
slightly elevated. There is no change in the way we earn revenues, it's over the 
period of the contract. As one of the questions was in the context of crop 
booking, given the fact, that kharif season typically has a shorter time cycle 
when it comes to earning of revenues. Hence to that extent, you will obviously 
find an elevated levels of earnings coming through in Q2. Also given the fact 
in line with what you have explained, in so far as the loss experiences are 
concerned unless and until we don't have the complete estimate of the claims 
experience, till that point of time, we obviously continue to provide for losses 
at 100% of the earnings that has happened. So, that primarily is the reason 
why you get to see slightly elevated earnings as compared to the relative period 
that you are looking at. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
On the motor business, the mix of the business is in line with what we had 
indicated at the beginning of the year and in the last conference call. I don't 
know where you have got this point of Private Car increase, actually it's coming 
down. If you look at last year first half, Private Car was about 56.5% of our mix 
which has reduced to 49.6% 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 23 
Two-wheeler is almost steady, it has gone up from 26.5% to 27.1%. The 
increase is largely in CV, it has increased from 17.1% to 23.4% and is in line 
with what we have been saying for the last couple of quarters, that CV mix will 
be in the mid-20’s range. So, given the loss dynamics that we are seeing 
particularly in Private Car Motor OD, is believed to be significantly underpriced 
at this point in time. We have been a bit more cautious on the private car 
segment as part of our strategy of increasing our much selected CV business, 
that strategy is playing out and if you see the growth for CV business, we have 
a very good growth for the first half, the CV business has grown about 56% for 
us. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee : Just to follow up on that. So, actually in terms of the mix, I was talking about 
what has happened sequentially in Q1 FY2023 the PV mix was 47.7% and in 
the H1 FY2023 it was 49.6%. So, from that point of view, I was asking whether 
you are seeing more traction on the Private Vehicle side. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Yeah, I understand your query. Relative to Q1, Yes. But if you again compare 
with Q2 FY2023 to Q2 FY2022, and you have to look at YoY numbers because 
of seasonality, there are festive periods where private car does more. So, if 
you look at Q2 FY2022, we had about 57% of mix coming from private car and 
in Q2 FY2023 its about 51%, in spite of the fact that the festive season has 
been a bit preponed. So, actually the relative drop is even higher. 
Gopal Balachandran: So, to your last question with respect to Motor third-party loss ratios. Again, 
fundamentally, as we keep saying, you should look at loss ratios more in the 
context of, year-to-date numbers or full year numbers, particularly for motor 
third-party, given that it’s a long tail line of business. In a particular quarter, 
there are various elements that goes into it. We would continue to reiterate that 
you have to look at the portfolio experience more on a year-to-date, or as I 
said, more on a financial year basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a few questions from my side. First is on the health claims ratios, they 
have increased significantly on a sequential basis. So, could you break it down 
as to what was the reason? 
Secondly, could you throw some light on the implementation of Vehicles Act 
and how is it panning out across the country? And do we see some benefits of 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 23 
it coming in the next couple of quarters, or it's more driven from a next year 
perspective? How do we see that happening? 
And lastly, could you cite the reason for the dip in solvency on a sequential 
basis? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, maybe, let me take this last part first. The decline in the solvency is purely 
a function of what kind of growth rates that you see, and the mix of business 
that you write. As I said, in Q2 generally tends to be a portfolio mix, which is 
relatively more in favor of retail and as per the current factor based solvency 
regulations that are in place, the relative capital requirement for a retail 
business is far higher than the commercial line of businesses. Hence that’s 
purely a function of what kind of business volume that you write. But otherwise, 
if you see we are quite comfortable with the level of solvency that we are 
operating at which is at 2.47 times. 
The second element, what you look at in terms of impact on solvency, this is 
something that you will get to see more or less in every Q2, we declared 
dividend insofar as final dividend declaration has happened towards the end 
of the year, which gets confirmed at the AGM, and the payment happens in 
Q2. So, to that extent, there is also an outflow on account of dividend payout, 
which tends to have an impact insofar as solvency numbers are concerned. 
So, otherwise, it's a minor sequential decline. But these are the two key factors 
with respect to solvency outcomes. 
To your first point on the loss ratio numbers, when you look at health for 
example, in Q2 FY2023 the break up for the loss ratios for corporate or the 
Employer Employee book is  about 99.1% and on Retail Health Indemnity, the 
loss ratios for us is about 64.4%. Now the Benefit also is relatively profitable, 
so this is within our acceptable levels of loss numbers. 
Prayesh Jain: 
On the health book, sequential increase in the loss ratios can be attributable 
to what factors? Is it monsoon related or something else? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, there are some seasonality impact of monsoon and medical acute cases, 
the dengue, malarias etc. usually we see a spike in this period and the second 
point about sequential is that in the previous quarter, there could have been 
some releases that we have gotten in that quarter. But overall, the number is 
not going to be as high as the number that Gopal talked about for the whole 
year. 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Our sense is that the Group (Employer Employees), loss ratio will remain in 
the ballpark number that we had indicated, which is in the mid-90’s, for the year 
as a whole. If you remember last year, we used to talk about the fact that we 
have gone back to our corporate clients and taken price increases. Premium 
per life had increased post-COVID, and on top of that, we are seeing some 
price increases this year. So, we are quite comfortable with the group health 
portfolio as we see it, in just one quarter numbers may not be fully reflected 
with the book that we are writing. 
Your last point on Motor Third-party, there are some early signs, but it's too 
early for us to call. We would want to watch this for a couple of quarters before 
we take a final view on whether the Motor Vehicles Act, impact is across the 
nation. We are seeing some early signs here and there. But it's too early for us 
to take a call, till it has happened at a national scale. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First is on the overall growth, I wanted your opinion on 
how should we build in growth for the full year given that for first half you guys 
have grown at 23% and particularly your health book, you guys are writing ₹ 
400 crore on month-on-month basis. So, I want to understand how sustainable 
this 23% is, or particularly the health book of ₹ 400 crore per month is. 
Second, I wanted to understand maybe a little bit better insight on why is there 
so much cyclicality or movement in your investment yields between Q1 and 
Q2, like the quarterly move is quite high. If I see the quarters of previous years 
it wasn't this wide. So, I wanted to understand that as well. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
On the first one, clearly, the growth momentum is higher than what we 
anticipated or indicated in the beginning of the year. In the first half, if you see, 
we have been significantly more careful about the private car business, in spite 
of that we have been able to deliver the growth numbers that you are seeing. 
So, my sense is that the health numbers are sustainable. The investment that 
we have made on the agency distribution are beginning to play through. As we 
mentioned in our opening remarks, the retail health agency numbers are 
picking up. 
Group Health, we are seeing some improvement in pricing. Some of the large 
players who have been in the past very aggressive, they are toning down their 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 23 
aggression on pricing and getting a bit more disciplined. So, even on group as 
an employer employee portfolio, we are seeing conversions at prices that we 
are comfortable with. So, I don't see any constraint. 
The last thing on the health side, ICICI Bank has restarted distributing the 
Indemnity policy on the home side. So, that's why the bank numbers are high 
and the banca overall numbers are also high, given the tie-up that we have got 
through the acquisition, they are performing really well and the credit disbursal 
are higher so our attachment businesses have also picked up. So, on the 
health side, we remain reasonably optimistic and confident about maintaining 
our performance and growth. 
For Motor, as I said, market has been over aggressive and I don't believe it's 
sustainable. We are again seeing some players recalibrate on the CV side, 
further reduce discounts and increase prices. We are seeing quite a few 
players taking similar decision on the private car side, equally there are a few 
players who are too aggressive. So, if pricing aggression gets muted on the 
motor side, it will give us an opportunity to grow even faster than what we have 
grown in this quarter. We will have to be watchful, but I don't see the numbers 
going below the current growth numbers that we are seeing. 
So, overall, we remain reasonably confident about the growth trajectory that 
we have set. I think the only concern that remain about the market is the pricing 
on the Motor Own Damage side that is something that we would want to watch 
a bit closely. 
Gopal Balachandran: So, yield on investment Shreya is purely a function of what kind of interest rate 
environment that you see in the market. I think at this point of time, we are 
seeing an increasing interest rate regime and therefore, to that extent, you will 
obviously find yields to fluctuate between periods. So, otherwise it's purely a 
function of what mix of investments that we are making and largely to do with 
the interest rate environment that's operating. To that extent you will always 
find cyclicality in terms of outcome.  
And secondly, when you look at the overall yield on the aggregate (assuming 
on the entire investment income) you look at it as a function of both interest 
accruals as well as capital gains and you will never find  capital gain accruals 
evenly spread across periods. For example, if you look at the capital gains for 
the first half, it’s just about ₹ 1.43 billion. Similarly, when you look at H1 of the 
previous year, the capital gains was about ₹ 4.71 billion. So, when you look at 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 23 
the yield on the overall portfolio, including on a realized basis, then you will 
obviously find fluctuating outcomes. 
But at this point of time, when we look at it from an overall portfolio standpoint, 
a higher interest rate regime actually augurs well, insofar as our interest 
accruals are concerned, because typically, when you look at our overall 
investment income breakdown, on an average, roughly about 70% to 75% of 
our investment income is through accruals and typically on an average, the 
balance, 25% to 30% is capital gains on an annual basis. Within quarters, 
obviously, there can be cyclicality with respect to what the actual yields are. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhesh: 
Firstly, what is the number on the sales that we have done from the ILTakeCare 
App, you shared that number last quarter. What is the number that we have 
achieved this quarter? 
Secondly, the downloads on the ILTakeCare App has been quite strong this 
quarter. So, how are we driving those downloads? Are we incurring any cost 
to make our customer download this app?  
Thirdly is your commentary on the competitive intensity that few players are 
recalibrating, that is on Motor TP or Motor OD segment that you are seeing a 
reduction in competitive intensity and what is your sense on the time period 
that we may start seeing on Motor Own Damage competitive intensity coming 
down? Given that it has been quite intense for last couple of years. 
And lastly any comment on the management succession planning given that 
there is a possibility of cap on CEO tenure of 15 years? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Let me get the last one out, yes the exposure draft is there for 15 years. But 
it’s an exposure draft, if it becomes a final regulation, then obviously something 
will have to be done, but we will wait for that exposure draft to come through. 
The second question on aggression, as we mentioned, the real problem isn't 
the OD segment, in our opening remarks we talked about the overall combined 
ratio for Motor. The combined ratio for Motor OD is even worse than that. So, 
motor TP is actually doing better at this point in time. So, the aggression is in 
certain segments, and aggression gets played out, since you can't do anything 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 23 
with the TP price, people do higher discounting in the Motor OD or incur higher 
cost in getting that business. So, the problem is more than the Motor OD side. 
The other questions that you had on ILTakeCare, on how we are driving it? If 
you remember, ILTakeCare app was largely set up to engage our corporate 
customers (employees of corporate customers). When we sell our group health 
insurance policy, it's a policy sold to a corporate, but the health insurance is for 
the employees and really there was hardly any engagement with them. So, that 
was the original thought process, when we launched it about a bit more than 
two years back. 
As we speak today, more than 50% of the employees of our corporates have 
downloaded the app and used that app and this percentage has been 
increasing quarter-on-quarter. So, that's one area where how we present this. 
The second is, gradually we are now, putting a lot of effort on the 
bancassurance and the retail side and there it is not as easy to bring about 
change, because there is a behavioral shift, and you are working with 
distributors and agents, etc. But even there we are seeing very good traction, 
largely because people are seeing value in that engagement. So overall there 
will be some cost but that is not material. Last year we have roughly about 30 
million policies that we sold. So, let's say 2.7 million downloads still gives us a 
lot of runway of growth. A lot of these numbers may be small ticket or Two-
Wheeler policies, but still, we see that as an opportunity. So, that's what we 
are driving. 
Your last question on sales, it is something that we started only last year. It's 
beginning to pick up and when we talk about sales, it includes the renewals 
that people do on their own through the app and that number in Q1 was about 
₹ 9.8 crore, that number has grown roughly three times to ₹ 27.4 crore in this 
quarter, and for the month of September 2022, it was about ₹ 10 crore. So, we 
are seeing very good traction in terms of adoption, engagement, even in terms 
of monthly average users, daily average users, on a YoY basis, those numbers 
grown about 4x. We are seeing very good traction with that app as originally 
we had talked about this being a potential game changer for our engagement 
model with customers. 
Nidhesh: 
Last question on investment yield, if I look at the accrual investment yield it has 
increased almost 80 to 90 basis points, sequentially at around 7.3%. So, going 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 23 
forward, this will be the base yield and it will continue to increase, is that the 
right understanding? 
Gopal Balachandran: Very difficult to comment on that, Nidhesh, because we will have to wait and 
see in terms of how does the interest rate cycle play out. As I mentioned, an 
increasing interest rate regime obviously augurs well for us, so far as interest 
accruals are concerned. But equally, you should be mindful of the fact that 
correspondingly to that extent from a mark-to-market perspective on the fixed 
income book, you will have a mark-to-market negative and therefore, the ability 
of us to possibly realize any amount of capital gains, you may not see that 
happening. 
When I gave that broad split of 70% to 75% of interest accruals and 25% to 
30% of capital gains, that could possibly see some change. But if this 
momentum of interest rate cycles sustains then as flows continue to accrue 
from business realization it should definitely help in overall increase in the yield 
of the book. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, Nidhesh your point is absolutely right, the carried yield should keep on 
increasing and it’s a positive from a longer-term perspective. But on a quarterly 
basis, the point that Gopal is making on capital gains that may play out opposite 
to that positivity. 
Nidhesh: 
I am just trying to understand the adjustment for capital gains, there is no one-
off in the accrual yields, because accrual yields in last two quarters have 
increased quite significantly almost 130 basis point, while our tenure of the 
book is four years and we were of the opinion that it will improve but it will 
improve slowly, but it has improved quite significantly in just two quarters. So, 
I was just trying to understand that there is no one-off in the accrual yields. 
Gopal Balachandran: The duration of the book has actually kind of increased. The duration at March 
'22 was roughly 3.96 years that number at June was 4.4 years. When you look 
at September, the duration is almost about 4.8 year.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Also these capital gains are from equity not from debt, if that is your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanket Godha from Spark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
 The Motor OD loss ratio at 74.3% in the current quarter. Is it just because of 
the price discounting or to some extent we can believe, that the new policies 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 23 
like “pay-as-you-go” and the other policies which industry has introduced 
contributed to the loss ratios. If you believe this “pay-as-you-go” policies are 
going to increase in the contribution, are we seeing structurally higher loss 
ratios in Motor OD business going ahead? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, the answer to your first question is no, because the contribution of those 
policies is negligible as we speak. So, that is not going to move the needle, not 
just now for a long period of time in our estimate. 
The second part of the question in the long term what will it do. Logically what 
it should do, we will have to wait to see what happens, objective is to price risk 
more granularly for better customer. So, if better customers get a cheaper 
price, logically, the lot of bad customer should pay a higher price. Now, whether 
the second thing will happen or not that time will tell, but that is how it should 
play out. It should, give us more ability to price appropriate. In the past, we 
have done secondary measures of driving behavior, this gives you the ability 
to price based on driving behavior and driving distance. So, you should price 
your risk better, doesn't mean that it should become cheaper for the whole 
category. 
Sanket Godha: 
And second, personal accident cover business, which is highly profitable, has 
seen a very strong growth when I look at Q2 & H1 numbers, which is even 
getting reflected in the BANCA channel numbers. Just wanted to understand 
that are these numbers sustainable beyond FY2023? Because these channels 
initially started doing business for us and therefore it delivered the growth and 
I just wanted to know the sustainability of these particular numbers, given it 
has been very strong. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Yeah so Sanket, as you recollect, what we have been saying is that the credit 
disbursal is picking up. In the Q1 FY2023, we had a base effect of the Q1 
FY2022. That was the second Delta wave and the business numbers are very 
low. So, on that base, the Q1 FY2023 looks very elevated. So, as a percentage 
it may not sustain but in the absolute terms, yes, we are reasonably optimistic 
that it will sustain. 
Sanket Godha: 
And finally, a fundamental question, if I look at the historical trend for the 
industry as a whole, the AUM growth of the industry, or even for your company 
is always been higher compared to GDPI growth. But if you look at the current 
year trend, it is almost the opposite because GDPI growth is very strong, but 
AUM growth somehow is struggling, but it’s just 8% on year-on-year basis for 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 23 
our company. Just wanted to understand what is that missing link, which is not 
driving the AUM growth, compared to what we have witnessed in the past? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, AUM growth again is a function of, what business outcome that you are 
operating at. Now, at this point of time, Sanket, as you have seen, and what 
we have been talking through is that as far as our combined ratios are 
concerned, currently it is slightly elevated than what we would expect it to 
operate at. So, for example, you saw the numbers for Q2 at 105.1% & H1 
FY2023 was 104.6%. Hence to that extent, the relative accretion to cash flows, 
or the assets under management will be relatively lower. So, that's one 
component that will be a function of what you see relative to growth. 
Second, when you specifically look at, in the context of Q2 FY2023, you will 
always find the overall assets under management to be lower. That primarily 
happens because Q1 is a period where you see bulk of the corporate renewals 
taking place, where you end up getting the premiums in Q1. However, given 
that the corporate group generally tends to have higher proportion of 
reinsurance, after the reinsurance arrangements those settlements takes place 
in Q2. Hence, Bulk outflows happen in Q2 and hence to that extent, historically, 
in any of the Q2s, you will find the flows that we had accrued in overall 
investment book to be lower. And as we continue to improve in bringing down 
the overall combined ratios within acceptable threshold over the next couple of 
years in terms of what we have indicated, you should logically get to see a 
higher proportion of flows getting accrued in the investment book.  
The third, in line with what we have indicated, I think, relative to what kind of 
business mix that you write, for example, health, as we indicated, will not have 
as much of a long tail of float compared to motor. At this point of time, in so far 
as the motor book is concerned, given the relative competitive intensity that we 
see in the market, we are a bit cautious. Our health is doing reasonably well 
for us and hence, that's also a function of what kind of accruals that happens 
to the overall assets under management. As we get to see pricing improve in 
motor over the next few quarters and growth comes back then obviously you 
will start seeing a relatively higher proportion of accruals happening for the 
overall assets under management. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS India. Please 
go ahead. 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 23 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Wanted to understand post July there have been some reduction in market 
share in Motor OD side, have some players again started to become more 
competitive and that is impacting or how one should read about it? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Yeah, so as I mentioned, we are seeing some green shoots. In PV we are 
seeing some moderation from some of the larger traditional players. In OD we 
are seeing some of the players now rationalize the aggression. However, at 
the same time, there are still few players who are very aggressive. Our sense 
is that this will not sustain. But that is the reason why we have been saying that 
we are a bit cautious in the own damage segment. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So, any ground trends because September for the industry was also weak, not 
only particularly for ICICI Lombard. Anything which has changed or just a one 
off, one should think about it? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
It’s been a trend that we have been talking about for last, actually, couple of 
years, there's been aggression, but it's sustained. I mean, genuinely, I think we 
have mentioned this many times. But generally we see this aggression toned 
down after about a year, year and a half. This time it sustained probably 
because of the COVID benefits that people saw last year. We were probably 
expecting this to come down, moderate sooner this year; it’s taking a bit more 
time. But early signs are positive. So, we are optimistic that the second half will 
be a bit better than what we have seen in the first half. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Second half definitely we will get the benefit of lower base in terms of premium, 
given the commercial is already doing well and there is already pick up in 
health. What kind of growth are we internally pegging at for the full year, if any 
color on that? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
I have answered this question earlier. Our sense is really what we indicated at 
the beginning of the year; we remain optimistic that it will be higher. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead.  
Avinash Singh: 
A couple of questions. First if I look at the overall, commercial line product 
particularly the liability that is quite profitable, but you seem to have lost market 
share. So, either market has grown too fast, or you have been cautious. So, 
what is driving your market share loss in that highly profitable line, that 
particular liability? 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Secondly on the media reporting for “Bima Sugam” considering that it is 
targeting retail health, do you see some kind of channel conflict there? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, Avinash, in terms of liability, last year there was a launch of a product by 
one company, which is classified as a liability, which the authority has now 
asked the industry not to write. So, if you look at our growth for Q2 it is roughly 
about 36.4%. So, our business continues to do well. In terms of market share 
it is only because of that one company’s one product, which we believe right 
now is not there in the market. That's the reason that you are seeing market 
share drop. But the traditional liability business, which is profitable, the one that 
you are talking about, that's something that we continue to do well, and we are 
growing and we remain #1 in traditional liability, if you keep out this SCL 
product that you are talking about. 
Avinash Singh: 
Second question is that there was a media report on “Bima Sugam” about 
direct distribution initiative, will there be a channel conflict because they are 
going to reach retail customers and retail health is something where you or 
anyone else driven business through agency.  So will there be some kind of 
a channel conflict, because I mean you need to have differential pricing or 
else 
this 
Bima 
Sugam 
will 
fail 
from 
day 
one 
itself.  
 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Our sense is that this is something that the authority is also very keen on. It 
will, pick up & take off and it will actually increase penetration rather than 
creating channel conflict. We will have to wait to see what is the governance 
of that entity because the understanding that we have at this point in time is 
that it will be an industry controlled entity, as in the shareholding will be largely 
distributed across the players with maybe a technology partner who will also 
have some stake. We will have to design the governance mechanism of that 
entity and the product that go on there, also we will have to see what goes 
there and which segment of customers it focuses on. Overall, we believe it's a 
great positive in terms of creating greater awareness, because everyone will 
talk about it and the fact that it's something that the regulator is endorsing, it 
should create a fair approach to distribution online that we have been hoping 
for and waiting for. So, we are quite optimistic about this. 
Avinash Singh: 
On motor TP losses, there are three moving parts, you have seen 3% - 4% 
blended price hikes, and in CV it may be higher. Second part you have is on 
the Motor Vehicle Act implemented, that probably reduces fraud and third part 
will be the claims inflation that is typically double digit. All these three put 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 23 
together, your trend for the first half is still seeing a lot of improvement or scope 
for improvement, because ultimately, at this point, it's estimation and you have 
been typically very conservative. What makes you feel sort of motor TP that 
these three moving parts is going to improve? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Yeah, so Avinash, your point is right, there are multiple moving parts and that's 
why it's very difficult to predict but if you go back to what Gopal said, don't look 
at a quarterly number for motor TP loss issues look at an annualized number. 
If you look at last year, our motor TP loss ratio was 74% and for half year, it's 
about 70.1% but it's better to look at an annualized number, rather than just 
this quarter of 66.6%, to give you a sense of what we believe is more 
reasonable or sustainable number. 
Having said that, I think the point that you are making in terms of claim inflation, 
this is the point that we have always been making and accordingly we have 
had reasonably high claim inflation number in our reserving. We believe that a 
lot of companies hold significantly lower percentage of inflation and in a sense 
that maybe inadequate, but we are quite comfortable with the inflation number 
that we are holding. What we want to observe is the frequency drops that we 
anticipate because of the new Motor Vehicle Act that we, earlier responded to, 
but the frequency drop we have to watch for before we conclude that it's 
actually come through and the reduction is for the sector that you are talking 
about, is coming through. My sense is that we will give it some time to develop 
for us to build confidence and talk about a reduced number. I hope that explains 
you what our short term thinking is and what we believe can happen in the long 
term. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ansuman Deb from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ansuman Deb: 
My question is regarding the comment that you made on the ICICI Bank 
restarting some of the attachment chains for home loan. Is this the Benefit 
product that we used to sell earlier, because that was very profitable and used 
to contribute a decent amount to over profit? If you could clarify on that? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, Ansuman I mentioned that it's an Indemnity product and it's not just this 
quarter, even last quarter, we had indicated that the bank had restarted selling 
attachment of Health Indemnity. So, that's where the growth is very strong. 
Obviously, the product concept is very different from the original Benefit 
construct and accordingly profitability will be very different. 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Deepika Mundra from JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Deepika Mundra: 
Just following up on the ICICI Bank loan linked product, in terms of scale; is 
there scope to go back to the earlier scale of premiums that were being done 
even with an Indemnity product? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Looking at the aggregate relationship with ICICI Bank, there are many things 
that we do. It's not one product that we sell with the bank. There is SME 
business, corporate business, health business of course, different lines, be it 
attachment or in terms of indemnity that we do with them. In aggregate, the 
relationship has become bigger. The reason why we wanted to talk about the 
health number in the opening remarks was because this last year it was a bit 
of a drag because in the health business, the attachment business had been 
stopped. The point that we are making is that the attachment business has 
started, though the product construct is different from what it was prior to last 
year. 
Deepika Mundra: 
On the retail health portion, could you tell us a little bit about the experience on 
renewals that are coming in from the older customers so what would be the 
renewal rate of older customers? And in terms of loss experience between new 
and old customers, what would be the differential? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
I will ask Gopal to give you the numbers, before that I will just give you the 
contribution since you asked the question about can we go back? Just to give 
you a sense of the numbers in aggregate, ICICI Bank contribution, if you go to 
two years back before they took that call, was about 5.9%, last year it dropped 
to about 5.3% even though that big business which we are sourcing into the 
attachment went away, we grew other product categories. For Q2 this year, it 
has become over 6.1% for the whole year it's about 5.8%. So, in a sense, for 
the half year, we are back to a similar number that we had in 2021 in terms of 
contribution, now obviously our business has grown. So, ICICI Bank business 
has also grown with that. 
Gopal Balachandran: So, on the Health renewal percentages, the retention number ranges between 
75% - 80%. Your other point on the new portfolio, loss ratio could range 
anywhere between 45% - 50% and the old portfolio’s, loss ratios ranges 
between 75% - 80%. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
As you know, Health Indemnity loss ratio increase as the portfolio ages.  

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruvish Pujara from Mirabilis. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruvish Pujara: 
So, I have three questions. First is that 48% of the GDPI comes from broker 
channel, and I couldn't find anything about number of brokers or how has been 
the growth on the broker front. So, can you talk about that? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
We have two segments of business where brokers play a big role. One is the 
motor business, the MISP business largely comes through brokers. This could 
be an OEM controlled or own broker, like Maruti has their own broking entity 
through which you get access to the dealerships, or some of the OEMs work 
with other brokers, but it's still a broking business, in terms of the business 
coming through and how we reflect with our numbers. So, one is the motor 
business which is the OEM driven, MISP business so that's one. 
The second is a corporate business. We are one of the few companies which 
has a direct sales team. So, we have relationship management teams, which 
does business development, goes to corporates, but we are also work with 
brokers, particularly for the SME segment and also for corporate customers. 
Now for the SME and for corporate customers we have a separate working 
team which is dedicatedly looking at the broking channel. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman due to time constraint, we take that as the 
last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta for 
closing comments. Over to you to sir. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
No, more comments it’s late night, thank you guys for staying up to listen to us. 
And let me wish all of you a very Happy Diwali on the behalf of the entire 
management team of ICICI Lombard. Thank you and looking forward to our 
interactions over the quarter. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Lombard General 
Insurance Company Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you all 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
 
 
 

                         ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Safe Harbor: 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , ‘indicating’ , 
‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions 
may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These forward-looking statements 
involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking 
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to our 
ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in 
business, the impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and 
changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the impact 
of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other 
legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in 
the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter company with the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank and we undertake 
no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date there 
 
