L&T Technology Services 
 
           Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001. INDIA, Tel: +91 22 6752 5656   Fax: +91 22 6752 5893 
 
      CIN : L72900MH2012PLC232169 
 
      L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
L&T Technology Services Limited
A.M. Naik Tower,6th Floor, L&T Campus, 
Gate No.3, Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, 
Powai, Mumbai-400072. 
www.ltts.com 
                         October 25, 2022 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 The BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051. 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Symbol: LTTS
BSE script Code: 540115
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) 
for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please find attached the transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 
October 18, 2022 for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022 for your 
information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For L&T Technology Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Prajakta Powle 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(M. No. A 20135) 
 
Encl: As above 
Prajakta 
Ashish Powle
Digitally signed by 
Prajakta Ashish Powle 
Date: 2022.10.25 
17:59:31 +05'30'

© L&T Technology Services 
 
 
 
L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
For the Earnings Call held on October 18, 2022, 19:00hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT CHADHA – CEO, 
MR. ABHISHEK SINHA – COO, 
MR. RAJEEV GUPTA – CFO, 
MR. PINKU PAPPAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those in such forward-looking statements. L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to L&T Technology Services Limited Q2 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan - Head of Investor Relations. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you, Faizan. Hello everyone, and welcome to the Earnings Call of LTTS for the Second 
Quarter of FY23. I am Pinku, Head of Investor Relations. Our financial results, press release and 
investor release have been filed on the Stock Exchanges and are also available on our website 
www.LTTS.com. I hope you have had a chance to go through them. This call is for 60 minutes. 
We will try to wrap up the management remarks in 20 minutes and then open up for Q&A. The 
audio recording of this call will be available on our website approximately 1 hour after the call 
ends. 
Let me introduce the leadership team present on this call. We have Amit Chadha - CEO; 
Abhishek - COO and Rajeev - CFO. We will begin with Amit talking about company 
performance and giving an overview on the outlook, followed by Rajeev who will walk you 
through the financial performance.  
I now hand over to Amit. 
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you Pinku and thank you all for joining us on the call today. I hope all of you are keeping 
healthy and safe. 
With that, let me start with the key highlights for our Q2 performance - I would first like to share 
that we at LTTS are very proud to have achieved the USD 1B annualized revenue run rate on a 
constant currency basis this quarter. This is a milestone that we had set for ourselves last year to 
reach by Q2/Q3 of this fiscal and we are happy that we have crossed USD 250M in constant 
currency in Q2. I would like to take a moment to thank all our employees that have come together 
on this journey as well as our Chairman, Vice Chair of the Board, the entire Board and our first 
CEO – Dr. Keshab Panda for having shown us the vision and having the confidence in us. 
Our momentum continued into the second quarter with 4.5% constant currency growth led by 
Transportation and Plant Engineering segments. The growth was accompanied by sound 
operational execution with Q2 being the 5th consecutive quarter of 18% plus EBIT margin. Total 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
deal TCV remains healthy, and our large deal wins include a USD 60M+deal and a deal with 
TCV of more than USD 10M. 
Let me now provide the segmental performance and outlook. Starting with Transportation: We 
had a stellar performance with 9.4% QoQ growth in Constant Currency that was broad-based 
across sub-segments of Auto, Trucks and Off Highway and Aero. Our differentiated EACV 
offerings have helped us get into strategic engagements with customers yielding us large deal 
wins consistently - a USD 60M+ deal in Q2 on the back of USD 50M deal in Q1 and a USD 
120M deal in Q4.  The demand trends in transportation are supportive of our growth:  
o 
Customer preference for electric cars is raising and increasing,  
o 
Semi-conductor shortage in Auto are starting to ease,  
o 
Global air travel has increased by 150% versus July 2021 levels leading to more 
aircraft orders and a rising backlog at manufacturers and Tier-1s and 
o 
Electrification initiatives are picking up strongly at Trucks and Off Highway and 
Aerospace.  
We continue to invest in EACV. To highlight one, in Connected Cars, we have invested in a 
next generation digital cockpit domain controller solution that is currently being deployed at a 
customer production program. Last quarter, we talked about deals we were pursuing in the 
Connected and Autonomous space -  as you would have seen our press release in Q2, we have 
announced a deal with BMW to provide engineering services for their suite of infotainment 
consoles.  
To sum up, we see a good pipeline of deals with many in the USD 10M+, USD20M+ range that 
gives us confidence about our growth prospects. 
In Plant Engineering, we had a strong quarter with nearly 6% QoQ growth in constant currency 
that was broad-based across FMCG, O&G and Chemicals. Clients in all 3 segments are investing 
- either in greenfield/brownfield expansion or in asset management and digital twin programs.  
In Q2, we won a large deal from a Chemical giant to implement a digital twin for one of its 
flagship sites in the US. We will create an analytics data platform that will help in sustenance 
through the plant life cycle. This is for one of their sites and we expect the program to be 
expanded to multiple sites of the customer.  
Sustainability is again a priority, with customers wanting to invest in waste management setups. 
Processing and refining of plastic waste to make it reusable is another area where we are working 
on.  
As some of the large deals stabilize, Q3 is likely to be muted for Plant Engineering. The deal 
pipeline in the US and Europe continues to be healthy that will drive growth for us in Q4 and 
beyond.  

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Moving on to Industrial Products, we had a healthy growth of 3.5% QoQ in constant currency 
which was led by Electrical, Machinery and Power and Utilities. There is strong demand for 
Digital manufacturing programs as customers see immediate and certain ROI. We have 
developed Connected Factory Solutions that help customers implement digital factory and 
enable factory automation.  
In Digital and next gen product development, we won a deal to help a Global Lighting 
manufacturer revamp and reengineer their suite of products.  
Across our Industrial customers, we are seeing an increasing number of sustainability led 
conversations about clean energy and carbon footprint reduction and we are building solutions 
to capture these spends. We do believe that an energy transition is in progress. Our home-grown 
solution - Energy and Sustainability Manager has been awarded the Frost & Sullivan Product 
Leadership Award in energy optimization and sustainability management. 
The US government recently announced a USD 7B funding for clean hydrogen as it aims to 
decarbonize energy-intensive industries. This is leading to many of our customers starting 
programs on clean energy transition. We have created solutions around battery storage, 
hybridization, energy management that will allow us to participate in early-stage conversations.  
Overall, for Industrial Products, we see growth continuing to be driven by digital products and 
manufacturing, sustainability and value engineering. 
In Telecom and Hitech, on constant currency terms, we had a flat quarter as the growth in 
Semiconductors and Telecom, was offset by weakness in Consumer Electronics and Hitech side.  
In semiconductor, demand trends are positive as customers look to scale up offshore labs that 
will help in better speed-to-market for their new technology chips. We recently signed a 
partnership with Qualcomm where we will leverage our chip-to-cloud expertise to develop and 
deploy solutions for the Global 5G Private Network Industry. These solutions are aimed at 
accelerating digital transformation for the smart manufacturing industry and ties in with our 
Digital Manufacturing big bet.  
On the media side, we are seeing large deal possibilities with vendor consolidation and cost 
optimization being the key drivers. 
As I highlighted last quarter, there is softness in the Hitech space with companies being cautious 
on spends. However, we are optimistic about some of the recent large technology companies 
that we have started engagements with.  
Overall, we expect the pace in telecom either to pick up as the 5G and Media deals in the pipeline 
close. Our play in this segment is very broad which gives us the ability to target different areas 
of growth. 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Finally, in Medical, we had a soft quarter as customer recalibrated spends on account of 
inflation and supply chain issues. QARA, remediation, digital health platforms are seeing spends 
continue. Our investments in software based diagnostic devices are expected to yield us better 
traction in the coming quarters.  
The large deal traction and pipeline is looking up. In Q2, we won a large deal from a global 
healthcare provider in QARA, product remediation and to build a data engineering platform to 
accelerate productivity and reduce training costs.  
We see growth in Medical in Q3 post the recalibration of spends at our customers. 
Now, a few highlights in our Digital Engineering and Technology progress - On the 
innovation front, our engineers continue to innovate and filed 25 patents for LTTS in Q2. We 
have been able to maintain this space of about 25 patents per quarter for a few quarters in a row.  
I would like to call out that the Everest rated LTTS as a leader in Connected Medical Services 
and in Industry 4.0 Services 
Let me now discuss the Outlook - across our six bets, we see customer investments continuing 
unabated. I am very confident about the Solutions that we have developed across our 6 big bets 
which are helping us win deals - I talked about the domain controller in EACV, the digital thread 
in Digital Manufacturing and the Energy & Sustainability Manager in Sustainability.  
Like we highlighted last quarter, there is caution at customers when it comes to newer business 
lines where the line of sight for revenue and profitability are stretched.  The focus on immediate 
ROI is therefore creating cost and value led deal opportunities across segments in addition to the 
speed to market opportunities where digital is the key driver. 
 We expect Q3 to have the seasonal furloughs and plant shutdowns; however, growth should 
rebound in Q4. Our FY23 USD revenue guidance is now narrowed to 15.5-16.5% in constant 
currency. 
With that, let me end by wishing you all very good health, a very Happy Diwali in advance and 
I would like to hand over to Rajeev now. Thank you. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thanks Amit.  
Greetings to all of you. I am pleased to share our Q2 FY23 performance – It has been another 
quarter of good results with revenue growth and operational execution. 
Let me take you through Q2 FY23 financials starting with the P&L: 
Our revenue for the quarter was ₹1,995 crores, a growth of 6.5% on sequential basis. Our double-
digit YoY growth trajectory continues with Q2 revenue of 24.1% on YoY basis.  

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Glad to share that despite the headwinds, we have been able to maintain EBIT margin at 18.2% 
in line with our aspirations and this has been the 5th consecutive quarter of 18% plus EBIT levels.  
During the quarter, we had higher employee benefit cost on account of wage hikes which were 
largely absorbed by better employee productivity, SGA leverage, cost optimization measures 
and rupee depreciation. 
Moving to below EBIT: Other income came at ₹26 crores, slightly lower on sequential basis due 
to relatively lower foreign exchange gains compared to previous quarter.  
Effective tax rate for Q2 was 27.2%, close to our target range of 26.5-27%.  
Net Income for the quarter stood at ₹282 crores which was 14.2% of revenue, up 3% on 
sequential basis driven primarily by revenue growth. 
Moving to balance sheet, - let me highlight the key line items: 
Q2 DSO improved to 78 days versus 80 days in Q1. Q2 Unbilled days improved to 18 days 
versus 22 days as compared to Q1 resulting in combined DSO including Unbilled of 96 days 
which is an improvement of 6 days compared to Q1 and just shy of our target range of less than 
95 days.  
Let me now talk about cash flows: Our YTD Free Cash Flows was ₹452 crores which is 81% of 
Net Income. Our Cash and Investments rose to ₹2,436 crores by end of Q2 FY23.  
I am glad to share that the board has approved an interim dividend of ₹15 per share. 
Moving to revenue metrics, on a sequential basis, $ revenue growth was 4.5% on constant 
currency basis and 3.1% in reported terms led by Transportation & Plant Engineering segments.  
The segmental margin performance was better in 3 out of 5 segments on a sequential basis with 
improvements in Transportation, Industrial Products and Medical Devices. 
Now, let me comment on operational metrics: The Onsite-Offshore mix has shifted towards 
onsite due to new deal ramp-ups. Offshore percentage now stands at 54.9%. We expect this to 
gradually improve to 57% range going forward as large deal ramp-ups stabilize. The T&M 
revenue mix was 73% in Q2 and reflects momentum of digital and leading-edge deal wins.  
Client profile, which indicates number of Million dollar plus accounts - has shown sequential 
improvement in the 30M+, 20M+ and 10M+ categories. The client profile numbers have seen 
an improvement over the past few quarters and this trend will continue in the coming quarters.  
Client contribution to revenue –  All three categories, Top 5, Top 10, Top 20 have shown a slight 
decline compared to Q1. This is due to stronger growth in Top 20-50 accounts. 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Headcount has increased marginally on a sequential basis as we added 500+ freshers to support 
ramp-ups for new deal wins while we have optimized on non-billable headcounts and support 
staff. Though attrition moved up to 24.1%, we believe attrition will likely soften in the coming 
quarters due to various employee engagement measures to manage it.  
Realized rupee for Q2 was around 80.8 to US dollar, a depreciation of over 3% versus Q1. 
Let me give some visibility on the EBIT margin trajectory going forward - We are watchful of 
the headwinds from the current economic environment and like in the past few quarters, we will 
continue to balance headwinds with opportunities on revenue growth, quality of revenues and 
operational efficiencies. Summing up, we remain cautiously optimistic, and our aspiration is to 
remain in the 18% EBIT trajectory in the medium term.  
We thank all our stakeholders for their continued patronage and wish you all a Happy Festive 
Season in advance. 
With that, I now hand it over to the moderator for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the Q&A session. The first question is from the line 
of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Amit, just wanted to get some sense on the deal flow, have you seen any moderation in the TCV 
numbers, the large deals TCV count has come down this quarter and while you mentioned that 
there are number of deals in the pipeline, is this something to do with increased caution at the 
client end or is this just a timing issue? The other question was on the guidance, just want to 
clarify whether should we see this guidance in the context of last quarter's 14.5-16.5% which 
was as of Q4 end or if this FY23 over constant currency FY22, just wanted to assume clarity 
given the volatility in the currency movements? 
Amit Chadha: 
Number one, on the deal flow, I do want to confirm to you that our pipeline as it stands today is 
slightly better than what it was last quarter and that was slightly better than it was previous 
quarter. YoY – there is a double digit increase in pipeline. Now, in terms of deal closures, we 
have been closing 3-digit deal wins for the last few quarters in a row now. So if you remember, 
Q4 was a USD 100M win, Q1 was a USD 50M win and this quarter there is a USD 60M+ win. 
So, deal wins continue.. I would not read too much into the USD 10M+ because there are deals 
that are in USD 9M range that closed. We want to maintain the quality of reporting that we do, 
so therefore we have singled out the USD 10M and I haven't called out the USD 9M, but at this 
stage I am not concerned with the deal flow or the deal closures as we speak, right, that is two. 
Third, I do want to call out that Europe for us has had a significant amount of wins this quarter 
as they go through 3 items - 1) Cost challenge; 2) An energy challenge and 3) To stay ahead in 
technology. So, I do see that as an opportunity as we stand today. So, that’s where we are on the 
wins. I do hope when I come back in January, I should be able to announce further wins for you 
and give you the confidence as this continues. As far as guidance is concerned, I am going to 
turn over to my colleague, Rajeev to answer that question. 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Mukul, on your question related to guidance, I would say that you need to read the 15.5-16.5% 
guidance relative to 14.5-16.5% that we shared in the previous quarter. So, like Amit said, we 
have now narrowed down the guidance which means we have better predictability to be in the 
narrow range. 
Mukul Garg: 
Just one question Amit on the Hitech side, we have heard some of your services peers speak 
about weakness in Telecom and Hitech space, despite the 5G transition which is going on. While 
you gave some color, but if you can just kind of move a little bit deeper into the Hitech vertical 
and how we should think about this over next 2 to 4 quarters? 
Amit Chadha: 
Mukul, as far as Hitech is concerned, break it up into 6 parts, Semiconductors, Operators, Infra, 
Media Entertainment and then Consumer Electronics and ISV, six sub-segments if I may. So I 
would say that we have seen across the spectrum, other than Operators, we have seen others 
come back and look at deals and look at spends and question whether those will provide topline 
or bottom-line expansion improvement in the near term and if they are not, then those deals are 
being questioned again and again and therefore it is delaying some of that. So, Hitech, I had 
maintained last quarter as well that we were finding it a little tight and I maintained we are 
finding it tight right now also.  
Now, if I were to double click, the biggest shall I say, tightening that we have seen is in the ISV 
space and then after that followed by Consumer Electronics, Semiconductors, then Infra, then 
Media Entertainment and finally Operators. So, that is the order we have seen and of course 
there are people or peer group that is there, they may be seeing different things, this is what we 
are seeing. Second, because Semiconductors is not just delivering to Hitech, but also delivering 
to Auto and others, that part of the business is continuing on in the Semiconductor companies. 
Third, 5G spends - look at it as spends in US and in India because both these countries have got 
clear road maps while others are coming along and we have not seen the trickle-effect of 5G 
coming right now. I do believe it will take a couple of quarters for it to be seen by engineering 
providers like us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just to achieve the guidance of 15.5-16.5% in constant currency terms, just wanted to clarify the 
ask rate which I am getting is 0.6-1.7% QoQ in the next 2 quarters in constant currency to achieve 
the revised guidance. So the question is whether this calculation is correct? And second if it is 
correct, it shows a slowdown, so it largely factors furloughs or some client specific issues 
because of the deteriorating macro as well because the first half the QoQ growth has been in the 
range of 4.5-4.7% QoQ in CC terms? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, the way I would look at it, right is not count Q3, Q4. See Q3 generally is a soft quarter 
because of furloughs and the vacations. This time as you are aware, Diwali and Dussehra, both 
along with the entire Thanksgiving and Christmas and New Year, everything is coming in 
quarter 3. Generally, Dussehra normally comes in the Q2 and the other comes in Q3. This time, 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
everything is in Q3, it is a festive season, so this will be a little muted. While we expect Q4 to 
be back at our standard growth rates, so we have factored in all that, but having said that, we 
want to be able to deliver to you what we commit, so as things change, we will update you again. 
Sandeep Shah: 
So, just wanted to clarify, is there higher than abnormal furloughs being factored into or as of 
now, clients are not indicating the same and whether my calculation on ask rate to achieve the 
guidance is correct, 0.6-1.7%? 
Amit Chadha: 
I don’t want to comment on that 0.6-0.8%, I want to be able to think bigger and better rather 
than think that, so I won't, but as far as furloughs are concerned, there are some clients that have 
planned for it. There are others that are talking about it, so we are a little cognizant of all that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Khairnar from Metaverse Equity Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khairnar: 
So, my question is sir, in the aftermath of Ukraine-Russia war as well as the geopolitical 
condition in China, so how has the business strategy changed prior to the war and post? As well 
as I also wanted to add about the Europe recession part, so what would be the changes in 
strategies? 
Amit Chadha: 
See, we are seeing three or four broad areas with the Ukraine war, that we have seen emerge in 
the US as well as Europe. Number one, not just countries, but states in larger countries are 
starting to think of localized supply chains and that does offer opportunity for people like us. 
Second, people are looking at, so last year same time, cost was not such a big consideration & 
technology advancement was, but now, cost along with technology advancement that would 
either help the topline or bottom-line, like I said ROI – is a concern. Third, there is a transition 
in energy sources happening, it is happening quietly, but it is happening. People are moving 
from gas-fired to oil-fired, oil-fired to coal-fired plants. People are looking at alternative energy 
sources. Companies are doing it, Governments are doing it, States are doing it. So, I do believe 
that again provides once in a life-time opportunity as this shift happens over the next 5 to 7 years. 
Electric vehicles is a part of that. Wind energy, solar panels, etc., is a part of that. So, I do believe 
that we are in a fairly volatile world and these offer us opportunities as long as we can be agile 
and we can continue to marshal our resources, to retrain people, to move people around and 
adapt to latest technology trends. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand on, it is pretty much clear about this particular FY23, but just 
wanted to get a sense, how are you seeing the next year, any conversations with clients, 
specifically to client budgets, I need some color over 2- year period in your sense, how are you 
seeing the 2-year period now versus what you are seeing last quarter, that will be really helpful? 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Amit Chadha: 
Number one, we do believe, see, we had given you guidance that we will hit the USD 1B run 
rate, last year September is when we had told you, so we did achieve it in this quarter. We are 
reiterating our guidance of getting to a USD 1.5B run rate by FY25. That has not changed and 
that is our goal from here on as we move forward. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Any conversations with clients around next year's budget? 
Amit Chadha: 
Yes, we continue to talk to clients, Mihir. In fact, this is the time when we sit down and we do 
workshops with some of our larger clients and strategic clients, we sit and do workshops on next 
year projects and work, programs they want to roll out, sustenance engineering that we are doing, 
how many changes do they want, what kind of patterns we are seeing, so all conversations and 
the entire sales, delivery, solutions team, everybody is running around meeting with clients, so 
all of that is going on. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sir, lastly on this, you have any quantitative understanding of the budget would be really helpful, 
sir? 
Amit Chadha: 
Yes, the bets that we had taken, so the one thing we did and I didn’t put in my comments I 
wanted to share it, because you are our community, you are our stakeholders, so in the last 3 
weeks, we have started a review of the bets that we had taken 18 months ago and said are these 
relevant, are these still relevant and can be changed. I am happy to share that the 6 bets that we 
took on Electronic Autonomous Connected Vehicles, Sustainability, Digital Manufacturing, 
these three have already fired and are showing results and there are further solutions being 
developed in these areas. I am happy to share that we inaugurated our EV charging station with 
our own home-grown home-built hybrid energy controller in Vadodara on Friday and so lot of 
stuff happening in that area. We do believe that 5G and MedTech are areas that we will have to 
further strengthen and take it forward as we move along. So, we do believe that we have the 
relevant bets for Engineering and Technology Services to take forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Just one clarification which is regarding the guidance, we have changed the guidance because 
last quarter we reported in USD terms, now it is constant currency and we did allude to the 
constant currency in the call last time. What led to changing the currency dynamics from USD 
to constant currency because currency was equally volatile in Q1 also? And secondly, when I 
look at the peers, the cross-currency impact is closer to between 250 to 350 basis points, is that 
similar for us? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Vikas, this is Rajeev, let me answer to that. So, when you talk about the guidance that we have 
provided, we have narrowed the guidance to 15.5-16.5% and this is comparative to 14.5-16.5% 
that we provided in the previous quarter. Both were in constant currency and as you would 
appreciate and also trying to clarify to most of the other participants, dollar has been extremely 
volatile and it is an environment which has really had us to think through that guidance can be 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
really managed on constant currency basis as supposed to on reported currency basis because of 
the volatility, so that is one part of the response. The second part of the response, yes, the dollar 
indeed moved up. For us, we have seen a tailwind of close to about 80 bps to 100 basis points in 
terms of managing the margin performance. So, that is how it has translated for us in terms of 
our performance in Q2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratap Maliwal from Mount Intra Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
I just had a question around the Transportation segment in particular. As we see in the 
Transportation segment, particularly in the Auto space, a lot of the strategic programs are with 
the next few years kept in mind, when it comes to programs around connected mobility, 
autonomous, shared mobility, so as you said with the quick ROI demand coming through some 
clients, so is there any possible change in the multi-year deals and the deal sizes going ahead, 
how would the strength actually play out in this sector which is supposed to be showing strong 
tailwinds, just had the questions around that? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, one, we do see Transportation segment looking at clearly moving to energy efficient 
vehicles, be it Auto, be it Trucks, be it Off-Highway, be it skid steer loaders, backhoe loaders, 
etc., so much so that even floor cleaners - people are trying to get a hybrid or an electric version 
out. So, there is a massive shift that is happening in that direction. Deals again can't be, it is not 
a magic wand that can happen in a 6-month period, these are versions of programs that run for 
anything between 18 months to about 3 years and they address family of vehicles. So, say, 
somebody would look at small sedan and do it and then do it for a larger sedan and then also do 
it for an SUV. Now, these three family of vehicles will require different kinds of wattage/voltage 
to be going in. So, therefore, there is R&D to be done. There is a particular large program we 
are working on for our skid steer backhoe loader and in that case the kind of wattage that we are 
talking about may be 6 times to 8 times that we talk about for the cars. So, there are different 
parameters. So, long story short, these are not start-stop programs, these are programs that run 
over a period of time and therefore they provide repeatability of revenue, predictability of 
revenue and constant potential growth opportunities for us and most of it is done offshore and 
that I think is coming out in the Transportation margins that we have released. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Sir, just to confirm, we don’t see any real change in the nature of work that we have been getting 
from this segment going forward, there is no real change around that? 
Amit Chadha: 
The kind of work we were doing 24 months ago to what we are doing today is different and for 
the next 24 months, at least I can confirm to you, we see the same. Like I said, we will again do 
an analysis of our bets in about another 18 months and see if those are relevant or should we 
change them or modify them, so at that point of time, may be something new that comes up that 
will allow us to change, but for the next 18-24 months, I believe same kind of work will continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Sir, I have two questions, firstly to Amit. Amit you talked about the client cautiousness on 
spends, so is this broad based across your verticals or some verticals better placed than other 
when it comes to decision making? And, secondly to Rajeev, how should we look at the margin 
trajectory for the second half given the fact that the biggest headwind of wage hikes is behind 
you now, so what are the incremental headwinds and tailwinds you see for the second half of 
FY23? 
Amit Chadha: 
Bhavik, one, Every time there is a negative commentary you think, are you headed in the right 
direction, that is the reality, but having said that, see Transportation, the tailwind in 
Electrification and the tailwind in Autonomous & Connected is something that is a measurable 
tailwind, one. Second, for Industrial and the Process industry – digital manufacturing and energy 
conversion or alternative energy, etc., are valid themes that are again tailwinds that are required 
- that are going forward. They again go back to basic laws of human nature - number of workers 
are less, they need stuff to be automated and digital, the energy costs are high, they need to find 
alternative sources to keep the raw material cost down and their input cost down. So all that put 
together, these are three clear tailwinds that we see. Having said that, Hitech, there is a tightness 
that we see measurably across Hitech and even in Medical, on new product development, unless 
it is something that is related to more healthcare compliance, FDA compliance etc., we are seeing 
a little bit of question being raised. I want to give a little bit of color here. See, if you look at 
doctors, once they come out of college and they have learnt on a certain set of devices, because 
of the amount or regulation that goes in to re-certify a device, it will be, it takes time for new 
devices to come out and stuff to happen, but I am happy to have a longer conversation on this 
with you, but therefore we see a little bit conservatism in Medical always and of course Hitech, 
so that is where we are. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
I will take the second question in terms of the margin trajectory, so I will weigh-in a few things 
over here. So, if I look at really the plus and the minus factors. In terms of plus factors, clearly 
growth in revenues, better quality of revenues. In fact, when I touch upon better quality of 
revenues, there are sub aspects to that. One, if you look at the growth that we have seen across 
segments, there have been 3 segments where margins have improved, so we are indeed seeing 
growth come in segments that are having better profitability and that essentially helping us out 
and aiding in terms of the margin performance. The third aspect is also on the scale benefits. If 
you look at in terms of G&A cost, we have kept it almost flat. That has kind of played out well 
for us. We believe going forward as well we will be able to see scale benefits coming in. In terms 
of factors or rather headwinds, the current economic environment, rather one more aspect that I 
will add in terms of the positive, which is around the rupee depreciation. That has been of course 
the tailwind in the current situation. Now, talking about some of the adverse factors, the current 
economic environment is such that like I said, we will be watchful and we will try to balance out 
some of the positives and the negatives, so one that we will try to tread cautiously over the next 
few quarters until we see the environment stabilize. Attrition, we believe that we have reached 
a peak. Going forward, it should normalize and in that sense, yes it is going to be a positive 
factor because it will take off the load in terms of the hiring, rehiring and of course the in and 
out in terms of the salary factors. So, that should be a positive as well and like you said, of 
course, Q2 had the maximum impact in terms of wage hikes. We believe there may be some 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
intermittent wage hikes, but that is something that we should be able to counterbalance. Of 
course, these are all the factors that we feel we should be able to balance out while maintaining 
the EBIT trajectory in the medium term for an aspiration of 18% levels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Ramnani from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Amit, so I wanted to check on the guidance which you shared of achieving the USD 1.5B run 
rate by FY25, so we are at USD 1B run rate currently and the difference to achieve that is about 
50% over a two year period and when the demand environment or to say there is some caution 
in the environment from client side, what gives you this visibility over the next 2-2.5 years still 
maintaining that aspiration of achieving that number? That was part one and the part two is that, 
how should we think about the organic and inorganic component within this 2.5 years journey? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, here is how I would see it. Our USD 1.5B includes three things that we have factored in this. 
A is, we expect at some points, right now like I admitted to you that about three-and-a-half bets 
out of the 6 bets are firing, we expect the remaining two-and-a-half to fire as well and for a 
period of time, we expect that all 6 bets will fire. We have done a modulation based on that and 
then of course may be one of them will fall off, etc., but there will be a period of time between 
now and the next, by FY25 that all 6 bets will fire. 
B, we are considering some amount of large deals that we will be able to sign and execute, so 
our large deal engine continues to fire and very active and you have seen that we expect to 
continue that. C, there is a little bit of inorganic built into it, so that’s the third part that we expect 
will happen. So, that is what is the buildout that we have done for the USD 1.5B. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
So, on the large deal side, over the past few years, I think over past few quarters, especially we 
have been continuously winning these larger deals, so wanted to get a color on the large deal 
pipeline, so we have seen you report those deals, but over the past say 2-3 years, do you see that 
large deal pipeline growth has been stronger versus what you have seen historically and if yes, 
then what exactly is driving that trend, your thoughts there? 
Amit Chadha: 
Akshay, in fact, one of the litmus test for us when we announced USD 1B …we announced three 
things last September - USD 1B, 18% EBIT , USD 1.5B. So, crossing or touching USD 1B run 
rate in constant currency was very important for us because it was a litmus test. The 18% EBIT 
and staying to 18% for 5 consecutive quarters has been a litmus test for us. We are finally 
engineers, right and therefore we have confidence in the USD 1.5B. Now, second, in terms of 
the kind of pipeline, I do think our pipeline YoY, QoQ continues to improve. We continue to 
size out deals and areas which we will go in. The one big change we have made is that we have 
been running the large deal, shall I say, the process of thinking and Ideating and all that is a 
continuous process running across the company in different parts at different times, so that it 
becomes like a wave that comes and everybody once in a while gets through the wave again and 
again. So, we are doing that. There are some other fundamental changes we have made in terms 
of how we think about large deals and what we think is the scope and size of those, etc. so it is 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
definitely expanded. Our closures have been in 3 digits – for net new USD 1M+ deals for the 
past few quarters and we expect that will continue and we want to sign bigger deals and we will 
continue to provide an update. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shradha from AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Shradha: 
Just a few questions, the Plant Engineering segment shows a 200 bps decline in margin despite 
a strong growth of 5%+, so what really went behind the margin in this segment? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Shradha, this is Rajeev. I will take that. Two parts to that - one of course, there have been quite 
a few new deals that have started in this segment which of course, when you start any new deals, 
you tend to see margins coming down in the initial period and then you sort of catch up on that. 
The second is also that when you have these new deals starting, you may invest in subcontractors, 
so those are the two key reasons why we have seen margins slightly come down in Plant 
Engineering, but we believe that we should be able to improve as quarters go by. 
Shradha: 
And second question Rajeev is, you did mention that SG&A was flat on QoQ basis, but when I 
see SG&A as a percentage of revenue, it is at a six quarter low number and despite in case of 
travel and other expenses that we are seeing for other companies, our SG&A expenses have been 
just flattish, so what is going in SG&A and who do we see that trajectory going ahead? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Shradha, 2-3 points on that one. One, when I say flat, it is flat in absolute terms, right which 
is leading to of course a percentage reduction to revenue. Now, as far as investing on sales side, 
I think we continue to believe that’s the way to grow, so we will look at that more constructively. 
On the G&A side and I think we have been fairly conscious a few quarters ago understanding 
that yes the economic environment is tough, so we have started to put measures in place so that 
we can optimize cost. While we have come at about 11% on SG&A, I would guide all of you to 
take SG&A to be in the range of 11.5%. While we will counter-balance some of these, but that 
is how I will sort of guide in terms of projecting SG&A. 
Shradha: 
And the rationalization of the SG&A staff that you see is it more to do with the G&A team or 
you are seeing some rationalization in the sales people? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
It is more to do with the G&A team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Couple of questions from my side. One to begin with Amit, just wanted to compare the macro 
comments related to the last quarter, so would you say that the dynamics have been similar to 
what we saw last quarter or has there been a change because the two verticals we have mentioned 
remained same, but just wanted to understand the intensity of cautions around that? 
Amit Chadha: 
Sulabh, what we saw last quarter is what we are seeing now. There is no deterioration, there is 
no improvement, it is basically the same. 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sulabh Govila: 
And second is to Rajeev, Rajeev, you mentioned the puts and takes to the margin in this quarter, 
so would it be possible for you to quantify those percentages, the margin walk for the quarter? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
We would not be able to do that, but if you want to pick an offline conversation to get any clarity, 
feel free to touch base with Pinku, so that you can have a more elaborate conversation on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkr: 
Congrats on good execution. Just one question from a demand perspective, what are you seeing 
on the ground from captives, given the challenges in the Europe, what are they doing, are they 
also relocating or looking to ramp up capacities in India and is that changing the competitive 
intensity in the market? 
Amit Chadha: 
Abhishek, thank you so much. Abhishek, if you would have asked me this question 10 years 
ago, I would have said captives are competition, but honestly Abhishek, it is a co-opetition 
model, so you work with them and there is a core contextual that the client defines; core done 
by them, contextual done by us. What they define as core changes, what they define as context 
changes, so that is how this flux happens. We have seen a little bit of a pause as far as Hitech is 
concerned and as far as Medical is concerned, we are seeing a slight pause from own employees 
being hired by captives. So that we are seeing and we see that potentially as an opportunity 
because we can flex up, flex down, etc., so that’s definitely there. As far as Auto is concerned, 
which has got Transportation that has got huge captives here, they continue to expand as we see 
it and so does parts of Industrial. Plant doesn’t normally have a lot of captives here, but we see 
that. The good part, another thing I wanted to point out Abhishek, again 10 years ago, captives 
would mean China, captives mean India, it would mean Eastern Europe and Latin America. 
Today, China is off the table, so it is basically between India, part of Eastern Europe because 
part is - as you are aware offline, and part of it in Latin America. So, we believe that we are well 
positioned from that standpoint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arvind Chetty from Max Life Insurance. Please 
go ahead. 
Arvind Chetty: 
This is more on the headcount on the sales and support side, so while our aspiration for FY25 is 
about USD 1.5B run rate which essentially makes 4-4.5% compounded growth from now, with 
that aspiration and near-term expectation of large deal engine firing, our sale support has gone 
down by about 5% on a QoQ basis, so is that more of an aberration or is it more indicative of 
near-term trend? 
Amit Chadha: 
Look at enabling functions, sales support as a slab structure. You need a certain set to make a 
certain number and then you have a range and then you again, you continue to do that. So, I 
would not be worried…USD 1.5B in FY25 is, we are right now in FY23, so there are 2 years to 
go. So, we will see that. We are mindful of it is all I would say at this stage. I would not worry 
about it and I would not take it as a lead indicator or anything like that. 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Arvind Chetty: 
So, just a follow-up on that, how do we look at this number going forward? 
Amit Chadha: 
We don’t give guidance on sales support numbers going forward. Of course, our sales head 
wants more, we will see. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Amit, two questions from my side, so in the Auto segment, within EV, ADAS, Connected, and 
Infotainment, which of these sub-segments are having the maximum contribution to your deal 
wins and is the demand equally strong with European OEMs and US OEMs and how is the 
pipeline looking? And second question, just a follow-up on the hiring part, net addition has been 
soft in Q2, so what is the outlook for FY23? 
Amit Chadha: 
I would request Abhishek, our Chief Operating Officer to answer the first question on how do 
we see Auto, which sub-segment and which region. Abhi? 
Abhishek Sinha: 
So, if you look at these three segments clearly, at least at this point, Electric is where we are 
seeing the highest traction followed by Connected and then Autonomous and as far as the region 
is concerned, both US, Europe traction was equally strong for us at this point and also both 
Automotive and Tier-1s, I mean OEMs and Tier-1s in the Automotive space, but also of course 
we are seeing traction interestingly on EV Connected side on the Trucks and Off Highway 
segment as well which also is starting to pick up. 
Amit Chadha: 
Can you repeat your second question, Karan? 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes, just on the net addition side, so Q2 net addition has been a bit soft, so just wanted to check 
what is the hiring outlook for FY23? 
Abhishek Sinha: 
Net ads, I think Amit and even Rajeev mentioned that earlier, this was a tight quarter for us given 
that this was the quarter when we gave increments, so we had to be very cautious on how we ran 
operations this quarter. Having said that, we have continued to hire freshers in this quarter also 
and we will continue in the coming quarters as well. From a people perspective, we had enough 
and more people to deliver for the quarter and we have reasonably good plans for the coming 
quarters as well. So, please don’t read too much into the headcount front because it was a move 
that we had to do this quarter from an operations perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Sameer Dosani: 
I just wanted to understand how has the utilization moved in last 2 or 3 quarters and this is also 
in the context of headcount addition, do we have enough room for increasing of the utilization 
from that at this point of time or we will have to hire more? 

© L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Call
 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Rajeev Gupta: 
This is Rajeev. I will take part of the question and I will also request my colleague, Abhi to add 
to it. Like we have said in the previous quarters, we have stopped reporting utilization because 
of course, there are areas of revenue that are not directly linked with utilization, but I can 
certainly give you directionally, the utilization has been improving and that is part of what Abhi 
mentioned earlier that we have looked at Q2 revenue and we have tried to optimize on parameters 
that could eventually help us in terms of delivering the quarter. I will also request Abhi to add 
on to this, please. 
Abhishek Sinha: 
Yes, I think the same point utilization definitely has improved for us this quarter without picking 
on any specific numbers. Broad based, if I may, our goal is to operate between the 78-82% levels. 
That is the range that we are comfortable with. Anything above 82%, because we are an 
engineering company, is a red flag and below 78% also is red flag, but the reason more than 82% 
is a red flag is because we want to continue to invest in R&D and engineering work for our 
customers and for our people. So, that is the range we play in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on this call today. It was a pleasure interacting with you and 
we look forward to more such interactions during the course of the quarter. From all of us at 
LTTS it is a good-bye and wish you a very Happy Festive Season for the coming days. Thank 
you. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of L&T Technology Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
 
 
 
