 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
A Joint Venture with abrdn Investment Management Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2022-23/58                                                                        Date – October 21, 2022  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter & half year ended September 30, 
2022, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on October 19, 2022 which can also be accessed 
on the website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sylvia Furtado 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
Sylvia 
Furtado
Digitally signed by 
Sylvia Furtado 
Date: 2022.10.21 
18:38:32 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited  
Q2 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR (MD) 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO) 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. From 
the management team, we have Mr. Navneet Munot – Managing 
Director; Mr. Naozad Sirwalla – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Simal 
Kanuga – Chief Investor Relations Officer. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand this call over to Mr. Simal Kanuga who will give us a brief, 
following which we will proceed with the Q&A session. Thank you. 
And over to you sir. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks, Steven. Good evening, everyone. The Results along with 
business update presentation is available on our website and also on the 
website of the exchanges. 
As usual, we'll begin with a quick overview of what has happened in the 
industry during the quarter. So, industry closed the quarter with an AUM 
of Rs.38.4 trillion and equity AUM of Rs.19.3 trillion. Quarterly equity 
net flows for industry continue to remain strong at Rs.504 billion. Of 
course, that was lower as compared to Rs.783 billion for the quarter-
ended June '22 and Rs.685 billion for September 2021. We would like 
to definitely qualify that equity flow number includes index funds and 
currently index funds include both equity and debt index funds. 
However, we can get some perspective from AUM of debt index funds. 
The AUM of debt index funds stood at Rs.575 billion for quarter-ended 
September '22, increasing from Rs.417 billion at the end of last quarter, 
that's the June quarter, a net addition of Rs.158 billion to the AUM. As 
this is fixed income, large part of this growth is through inflows. If we 
net this number off from inflows, quarterly inflows into equity and 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
equity-oriented funds, including equity index funds, but excluding AUM 
growth in debt index funds was Rs.346 billion for quarter-ended 
September '22. The comparable number for quarter-ended June '22 was 
Rs.642 billion. Of this number of net flows, excluding debt index funds, 
which is 346 billion, NFOs contributed to the tune of Rs.104 billion. 
On the debt mutual fund front, we continue to see outflows. Industry lost 
Rs.293 billion in the current quarter as against Rs.1,178 billion in the 
previous quarter. We should add debt index funds and debt ETF 
numbers here. So, for the current quarter, debt funds, including debt 
index funds and debt ETF, outflow number was approximately Rs.60 
billion. 
Liquid funds witnessed net inflows of Rs.191 billion and others as a 
category which is ETF, arbitrage, fund-of-funds investing overseas saw 
inflows of Rs.71 billion. 
Individual investor folio now stand at 137.3 million, and individuals as 
a category are contributing to the larger part of the AUM and now 
account for 57%. 
In terms of AUM, B30 contributed 17%. But if you look at equity AUM, 
the number is 27%. SIP flows for the month of September remained 
robust at Rs.129.76 billion. 
Now we move to us, we closed the quarter with an AUM of Rs.4,222 
billion. Our market share in quarterly average AUM on overall basis, 
and excluding ETF was 11% and 12.3%, respectively, more or less 
similar to what we saw at the end of June 2022. 
In terms of actively managed equity-oriented AUM, our market share 
stood at 11.5%, same as that of quarter-ended June 2022, and this is 
despite a flurry of NFOs during the quarter. We did not have any NFO 
in this category. Of the industry net sales that came in during the quarter, 
nearly Rs.104 billion was contributed by NFOs. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
We propose to launch a Thematic Fund, Business Cycle Fund sometime 
in November. Our quarterly average market share in debt and liquid 
category was more or less constant at 13.7% and 13.2%, respectively. 
Our systematic transaction book saw a healthy growth. We processed 
3.91 million transactions, totaling to Rs.14.3 billion in month of 
September 2022, up from 3.73 million transactions, totaling up to 
Rs.12.8 billion in month of June 2022. 
We continue to enjoy a favorable asset mix as compared to that of the 
industry, and also favorable ratio in terms of AUM from individual to 
non-individual investors. 
Before we move to financials, a quick update on new launches during 
the quarter. As we have stated in our previous calls, we are in process of 
expanding our product range on the passive side. During the September 
quarter, we launched six ETF, including a Silver ETF. Even in the 
current month, we actually closed two more Smart Beta ETFs. 
We now have couple of strategies live on PMS side and also recently 
launched our CAT-II AIF fund-of-funds, which is investing across VC 
and PE funds. 
Now, we move on to financials. For the first six months of the current 
financial year, we have reported revenue of Rs.11,818 million and profit 
after tax of Rs.6,783 million. Revenue growth of 3%, with operating 
revenue rising by 2%. Total profit degrew by 2% while the operating 
profit from core asset management business was flat. 
It would also be pertinent to mention that the employee benefit expense 
includes non-cash charge, the number for the current financial year is 
Rs.212 million, and the corresponding number for last year was Rs.343 
million. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
In terms of quarterly numbers, revenue from operations was flat while 
profit after tax has seen an increase of 6% on YoY basis. Our operating 
profit margin as basis point of AUM, stood at 36 basis points for half 
year ended September 2022, with operating revenue margin at 50 basis 
points. 
Thank you, we'll be happy to open up for questions now. As Stephen 
mentioned, both Navneet and Naozad are very much in the same room. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Kunal Tanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
So, I had two questions. One was on our revenue yield. If we see 
sequentially, there has been some improvement from say 50 bps to 51 
bps in this quarter. Wanted to understand the key reason behind it, is it 
expansion of TER in debt or equity, or it is simply because of the better 
equity mix that we have seen in this quarter? Second is on overall debt 
side of the business. If we see for the industry and for us, we've been 
seeing a lot of outflows. If you could share your thoughts on what are 
the factors that are leading to this kind of outflow for the industry and 
for us? And last one is on SIP market share. Again, like we've seen last 
two quarters after bottoming out, in 4Q FY'22, we've seen some 
improvement in SIP steady flow there. So, if you can put some 
comments what are the reasons behind it, what is the difference we are 
doing in terms of distribution? We understand that performance has 
improved in the last one and a half, two years. Apart from performance, 
are there any other levers that we are working to improve the SIP and 
overall equity markets? 
Navneet Munot: 
Hi, Kunal. On the margins, I think you rightly mentioned, it's due to the 
better asset class mix, equity proportion in the overall AUM has gone 
up and that has resulted in the margin improvement. Your second 
question was on the overall outflows in the debt market. I think if you 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
have a rising interest rate environment, that's when you get outflows 
from the debt fund historically. We have seen that in past as well. But if 
you ask me going forward, I see a great opportunity emerging out of this. 
Once rate starts stabilizing, as we have stated in past, this could be start 
of acceptance of debt funds by retail investors. I think if we look at the 
industry progress over the last couple of years, I'm talking about the 
retail investors or the individual investors, there has been tremendous 
focus on the equity funds, ownership among retail investors has gone 
up. Not so much on the fixed income side. But I think with yields where 
they are currently, over a period of time, I think there is tremendous 
potential for us to reach out to large number of individual investors and 
offer our debt products. Simal also mentioned in his opening remarks, 
it's important to see the number of the debt outflows in conjunction with 
flows into the debt ETFs and the debt index fund. So, if you add these 
two numbers, net outflow number would come to approximately Rs.60 
billion or so. So, there are outflows from the open-ended debt funds, but 
there are inflows into the debt index funds and debt ETFs. Your third 
question was on the systematic transactions. As you know, systematic 
transactions at our end includes SIP as well as STP. We used to be a 
pioneer in that space over the last several years. HDFC as an AMC has 
been investing very heavily in promoting the concept of SIP. In last 
couple of years, of course, we lost some bit of market share for variety 
of reasons that we would have discussed over the last several quarters. 
We have stepped up our efforts a couple of quarters back. I think it's a 
mix of variety of things, including better engagement with our 
distributors, our partners, our enhanced marketing and communication 
efforts, our strengthened digital platform, our transition from client 
services to client delight, which I've been talking about for last several 
quarters, of course, the improved performance, which is getting 
recognized by investors and our partners, I think, a combination of all of 
these things. But as a house again, as I mentioned, we used to be a 
pioneer, we lost market share, but across all channels, there is 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
tremendous focus on getting our market share back on the systematic 
transactions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a few questions from my side. Firstly, just extending the point on 
the yield front, while definitely the mix that would have played out, is 
there any trend that we've seen early on the debt yield is moving higher 
with regards to charges or possibility of charging a better TER? 
Secondly, our OPEX-to-AUM ratio is possibly higher than what we've 
seen in the past on 13-plus bps. What is the outlook going ahead with 
regards to this number? I understand you all have guided in that range 
only, but it's still just beyond that range. Do you think that we can see a 
better number out there? Thirdly, what's the strategy on the alternate 
assets have been, like last few quarters, you have mentioned that you 
have formalized the strategy and expect scale up in this space, so what 
is the kind of traction we've seen, and what are the plans going ahead? 
And my last question will be on the tax rate, which is slightly higher at 
26%-plus. Any thoughts around this? 
Navneet Munot: 
First, on the yield on the debt side, I think it's been pretty stable, there's 
hardly any change on that front. Second, on the overall expenses as 
percentage of AUM, so yes, it's been like that 13, 14 basis points, maybe 
over a period of time as AUM increases, there would be scope for 
improvement there, but otherwise, as we have been guiding that there 
are a few items like technology, people, business promotion, as the 
travel is back, some bit of expenditure has gone up and we are investing 
in future, we are very optimistic about the industry in general and for us 
to gain market share over a period of time, so we would be very keen to 
invest at this point in time. On the alternative side, I think as Simal 
mentioned earlier, there are multiple things we are doing on that front. 
You will see enhanced level of activity in alternative space over the next 
several quarters. We have it on our radar and look forward to building a 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
state-of-the-art alternative business that I've been mentioning over the 
last several quarters. We launched our Category-II AIF Fund of Funds 
this quarter and going forward we will further expand our portfolio on 
that side. Just related to that, PMS business and we are fairly clear in our 
mind on how we want to build that business. And in line with this, we 
launched India Ascent Strategy in addition to the All Cap Strategy that 
we launched last quarter. So, on the non-mutual fund business side, I 
think both PMS and alternatives we have ambitious plan over the next 
several years. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
On the tax front, it's about 26% So, there's nothing materially different 
there, it's in line with 25% rate, which is prevalent. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Navneet, could you just give some thoughts on how do you see the 
yields? In the previous quarter, when the yields moved up possibly after 
a long time, you mentioned that it was not something which is 
structurally any change in the yield structure. But we've again seen an 
increase in this quarter. We are happy to see that number. But how do 
you see this going ahead? 
Navneet Munot: 
That's a result of the asset mix changing as we've mentioned earlier. On 
the fixed income side, it's been pretty stable. On the liquid side of our 
business, that's been pretty stable. On the equity side, I think we have 
discussed this earlier, maybe I'm just repeating what we would have said 
earlier, that one, increase in AUM as per the formula of the sliding scale 
of TER gets adjusted over a period of time as we moderate commissions 
for new flows to an extent. And over the last couple of months, a couple 
of our scheme AUM have surpassed the Rs.5,000 crores multiple and 
that would have had impact of a couple of basis points. As we have been 
guiding continuously, our book margins are at a substantial premium to 
the flow margin, and the new business is happening at lower margins. 
Of course, we are seeing some green shoots in terms of how NFOs have 
been priced as compared to where it was in the first half of the last 
financial year. Statistically, the pace of dilution of yields may slow down 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
going forward as the gross flows as a percentage of AUM may be lower 
as compared to the last year. Otherwise, as we have always maintained 
the loss in yield should get compensated by favorable asset mix, which 
we have seen in this quarter. And furthermore, the growth in our 
business over longer term should more than make up for fall in yields. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amaya Gawande from Metaverse. 
Please go ahead. 
Amaya Gawande: 
I just have a couple of questions. First is from five years perspective. As 
industry is growing and evolving at a fast pace and has a lot of space, 
what will be your strategy in this competitive environment for growth in 
the market share and achieving the operating leverage? 
Navneet Munot: 
Over the last five years, we have seen the pace at which SIP book has 
grown. We have seen the way the overall equity AUM has grown. I think 
the financialization of savings is a trend which has just picked up, but 
we have a long way to go. Whether you look at our AUM as percentage 
of GDP, whether you look at our AUM as percentage of market cap, 
whether you look at as percentage of money that we get as proportion of 
the overall household savings, I think we have a long way to go, but 
mutual funds are clearly becoming one of the preferred vehicles for 
investing for large number of investors. I think the number of unique 
accounts has grown very substantially in last 15, 18 months from little 
over like 2.5 crores to almost 3.5 crores. To us, this is just beginning, 
and as we have mentioned, I think in some of the earlier calls that we 
have set a very ambitious mission for ourselves which is to be the wealth 
creator for every Indian, and I said that as of now there are just like little 
over 3.5 crores unique investors, but if you look at the number of people 
who have PAN, people who have passports, of course the bank account 
numbers are much, much higher, but over a period of time we believe 
that the total addressable market for the industry is very large. Within 
that strategy for us, I think we have the best-in-class product range. We 
have one of the best long-term performance track record of several of 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
the funds within that. We have continuously been expanding our product 
bouquet to ensure that we remain a one stop solutions for investors. 
Whether it's on our distribution side, we have outstanding franchise 
across the country with 228 branches and the number of distributors that 
we serve. Across all channels, we remain highly focused to have the best 
possible market share across all channels. I think we are investing 
heavily on the digital side, technology and marketing and in all of these 
spheres to ensure that we make the most of the opportunity that industry 
presents. 
Amaya Gawande: 
Also, I would like to have your thoughts on the risk due to global 
economic environment, whether it may be inflation, interest rate hikes, 
geopolitical tensions, how it might hamper the business and the 
mitigation part? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, you're talking about the fixed income part of our business, because 
the yields are going up and globally, liquidity is tightening? 
Amaya Gawande: 
Yes. 
Navneet Munot: 
Of course, I think we have seen outflows from the fixed income funds. 
But the interesting part that we mentioned earlier is that we are clearly 
seeing interest of retail investors in debt index funds and debt ETFs. And 
going forward, of course, given the higher commodity prices or the 
higher inflation, the accelerated tightening by the major global central 
banks, they are putting upward pressure on yields, and then going 
forward maybe higher supply of state development loans, which has 
been muted till now is likely to pick up in coming quarters. So, this can 
put further upward pressure on yields given the high SLR holdings of 
banks and robust credit demand. On the other side, we are seeing 
financial conditions tightening globally with US yields rising for 
particularly post the Jackson Hole Symposium. But I mean, as I 
mentioned that on the fixed income side over the last five years or so if 
you see the fixed income AUM as percentage of bank deposits, I think 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
that percentage hasn't really gone up. We have seen significant growth 
in the industry on the equity side, but not so much on the fixed income 
side, maybe elevated yields will give us an opportunity to present that 
asset class also to a much larger set of investors than what we have 
currently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh from J.P. Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
Just two questions. One is, the scheme performance has improved. So, 
have you seen any market share improvement on a flow basis happening 
towards HDFC AMC? And the second question is, on the margins, you 
did mention that the flow margins are lower than the back book. But I 
was wondering that, I mean, you've kind of reverted to your 35 basis 
points long cycle level. So, how would you think about the degradation 
in margins going ahead? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, on margin, one, two basis here and there as we have been saying I 
think it all depends on the asset class mix and depends on flows into 
certain funds, NFOs versus some of the older funds, so on and so forth. 
On the scheme performance, of course, I think with the improvement in 
our scheme performance across the board, we are seeing uptick in 
market share and flows, I think both in the SIP as well as in the lump 
sum flows, across all channels, so whether it's the MFDs, whether it's 
large nation distributors, banks, fintechs, I think across all channels at 
the margin we are seeing improved market share. 
Saurabh: 
And we should see this reflected in your overall equity market share 
maybe with a quarter lag, hopefully next quarter? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, yes. So, this quarter also the market share is more or less flat over 
the last two quarters, but you have to keep in mind there was a large 
amount that was gathered through the NFOs, and in the last quarter, we 
did not have an NFO in active equity. We will have a business cycle 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
fund in this quarter. But last quarter, a couple of other NFOs that 
collected over Rs.10,000 crores, Rs.100 billion and we did not 
participate. Even adjusted for that if you see our market share, it's pretty 
visible that we are improving across the board. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Surana from CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Mohit Surana: 
In terms of your employee OPEX ex of ESOP cost for the past two 
quarters it's up 21% if I compare 2Q of this year versus 4Q of last year. 
So, just wanted to know where are we investing more in terms of our 
manpower cost or I'm reading it wrongly that the 4Q base was very low 
to start with. Just wanted some thoughts over there. 
Navneet Munot: 
First, you will appreciate this is a people business. That's I would say a 
key focus for me to ensure that we retain our people, we are able to 
attract the best possible talent in our company. I think if we look at 
overall numbers, I think for six months ended September '19, that is pre-
COVID, our employee cost was 1,145 million, as against that the 
employee cost for six months ending September '22 is Rs.1,618 million. 
So, for the first six months of the current year, if we take out cost of 
ESOP, then the number is 1,406 million, which is an increase of 23% 
absolute or 7% on a CAGR basis. And as I said that we have to invest in 
our people. I mean, the growth in financial services sector has led to 
healthy demand, especially for high quality talent. And it would not be 
prudent to let good talent go away. So, we will try our best to balance 
between the two. If you look at the overall sector, this is not exceptional. 
And at the cost of repeating. I think we have to ensure that we retain our 
quality talent. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ronak Chheda from Awriga 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Ronak Chheda: 
You mentioned about debt ETF, partly taking share from debt schemes 
on industry level. As I understand for HDFC, that might not be the case, 
and hence we must have lost a higher share than the industry. What are 
your thoughts, and how do we address this issue going further? 
Simal Kanuga: 
What we are doing is, we have got approvals to launch various debt 
index funds, so we'll be doing it. So, actually, these debt index funds or 
debt ETFs are more of target maturity plans. So, it is equivalent to what 
in the erstwhile era, we used to call it as an FMP. So, this is obviously 
open-ended index funds, but all of them have kind of predefined 
maturity. And because of the predefined maturity, a lot of investors are 
not worried. When they're looking at holding till maturity, they are 
pretty much okay that they would more or less make up equal to the 
YTM or the entry levels. So, we will have a number of debt index funds 
coming out of our stable over the next quarter or two. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Till that period, we would be losing a higher share on our debt side than 
the industry, that understanding would be correct, right? 
Navneet Munot: 
In fact, if you remove the debt index, in rest of the categories our market 
share is pretty decent. We've been holding on to our market share. That's 
a category where we have not been present, but we'll be launching 
several products in next few months. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Actually, even if you look at our presentation that is there, if you look at 
our debt slide, that includes the debt index funds also. Despite increase 
in debt index funds, our market share on overall basis has been fairly 
stable. We have not lost market share because of that. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Sequentially, we might not have done, on a YoY basis, we might have 
lost share. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, I'll tell you on a YoY basis also, if you look at debt AUM, our share 
was 14.6 on quarterly average, as of now this quarter, we were on 13.7, 
so it's basically just about 1%. As you know, on the debt side, there are 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
large corporate, large treasuries, large institutional investors. So, they 
might kind of take some money out at various points in time. Plus, of 
course, we have seen some bit of interest rate, not exactly conducive to 
the debt funds as a whole. So, these are the couple of reasons. The 
margin loss in market share on a YoY basis. On a QoQ, it's been flat 
despite the growth that we spoke up on the index side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Your SIP market share has obviously improved over the last two or three 
quarters. Just wanted to get some color on the channel of origination 
how much is led by Fintech channels? And how do you see the customer 
stickiness on SIP across these channels, any qualitative color will be 
useful? 
Navneet Munot: 
We are improving across all channels and our focus is like ensuring that 
we get our fair share across all channels which includes as I said MFDs. 
If you look at like the first half of this year, MFDs would account for 
around 15% of the new SIPs, national distributors would account for 
around 20%-odd, direct would be like 10%, fintechs actually account for 
almost 1/3 of the new SIP that get created, and then you have some of 
the banks which have closed or guided architecture and then the other 
banks. We watch our market share across all of these segments and our 
endeavor is to ensure that we are getting our fair share across all of these 
channels and we are making incremental improvement across all of 
these channels. The number that Simal mentioned is systematic 
transactions which include both SIP as well as STP. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
You mentioned the mix across some of channels for the first half of the 
current fiscal. If you can give some color on either on a YoY basis, how 
the key products changed or which channels are the places where you're 
actually gaining the market share? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Navneet Munot: 
I think across all channels, so which includes MFDs, national 
distributors, banks which have a closed or highly guided architecture, 
direct, small amount that comes from what we call (RIA), Registered 
Investment Advisors and fintechs. So, in all of these channels, we have 
improvement year-on-year from the base. The other way to look at is the 
top 10-entities account for around 60% of the industry total and I'm 
talking about the new SIP count and not the amount. And in all 10 of 
them, we have improved our market share. As I mentioned in response 
to an earlier question, this is one of the big focus areas at our end. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
I wanted to understand how big is this debt ETF market? And what 
potential are you seeing in this? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Liquid and debt ETF adds up to 68,000 crores, of this 68,000 crores, one 
asset management company which runs the Bharat Bond ETF, they are 
themselves just about 50,000 crores. On the debt ETF side, that is the 
story. That is basically one asset manager. On the debt index fund side, 
the AUM stands at around Rs.57,500 crores. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Coming to the alternate, again, this time we have lost the AUM out there. 
Which fund have we lost, which led to a sharp decline in our PMS AUM 
and what was the financial impact of that? 
Navneet Munot: 
One large institutional investor has taken money off the table, we had 
one large client relationship, a large global institution, they've closed the 
mandate. Of course, relationship with the institution is strong and we'll 
continue to engage with them. On the other side, we definitely are 
working through various modes to build on our international business. I 
mentioned earlier about our set up in GIFT. That will be a big step in 
that direction. And you'll hear more from us on this front over the next 
few quarters. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Devesh Agarwal: 
But any financial number that you can give around with this mandate 
that we lost, what would be the impact on the revenues? 
Navneet Munot: 
If you look at our overall revenues, it's not material. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
You did mention that you will see a lot of traction on the alternate 
products, especially with the launch of AIF-II funds and some of the 
PMS funds. Any number that you are targeting to increase your AUMs 
in this non-mutual fund business over the next two, three years? 
Navneet Munot: 
Really premature to give out those numbers. All I would say is that, yes, 
that's one business where we have been investing. We have ambitious 
plans. We launched this Category-II fund of funds. We will be looking 
at other products there as well. On the PMS side, as I mentioned, we 
have launched the second product. So, on the non-mutual fund side, both 
PMS and AIF are going to be the areas where we are going to focus. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
What would be the quantum for the ESOP expense for the full year this 
year? And by how much should we expect a decline in the next year? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Total cost will be about Rs.40 crores for FY'23. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Next year, the likely decline? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
If the NRC decides to allot more options, that's a different discussion, 
we can't comment on that at this stage. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
But on the current issued ESOPs? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
We don't give future numbers, it's mathematics, we can take it offline, 
but it’s clearly reducing balances, that's how the IND AS accounting 
works. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Lalit Deo: 
Just wanted to understand on the HNI segment, which forms a 
significant part of our individual AUM. So, given the volatile market, 
how are the inflows shaping up over there and what will be the outlook 
over there? 
Navneet Munot: 
If I remember correctly, 75% of flows are purely from SIP which means 
that lump sum flows have come down. So, maybe some of the investors 
who are putting the lump sum flows are not putting now. Markets are 
volatile. But I think we have to give it to the individual investors, retail 
investors in India, who have shown tremendous resilience against the 
backdrop of this heightened volatility that we have seen over the last 
seven, eight months. But yes, I mean, the lump sum flows have clearly 
slowed down. Earlier, we gave you the number of quarter-on-quarter as 
well as year-on-year. So, flows have slowed down a bit because of the 
volatility. 
Lalit Deo: 
As you mentioned that on the SIP front, the new registrations about like 
1/3 is coming through the fintech channel. So, could you talk about the 
persistency level and how much is retention ratio of those numbers from 
the fintech channel especially? 
Navneet Munot: 
My assumption is that maybe persistency is lower on that channel 
relative to most of the other channels. We don't give that granular detail. 
At our end as I mentioned earlier, I reiterate that our share has been 
going up across all channels. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Kunal Tanvi from 
Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
I have just a follow up on the index fund that we were talking in response 
to the earlier participants. Wanted to understand what kind of yields are 
there in the debt ETFs, is it closer to the equity prices or is it closer to 
the active debt ones like, what's the sense there like if there's a structural 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
movement from say some part of the active debt to passive what is that 
we're looking at in terms of the yield compression on the debt side? 
Navneet Munot: 
We are yet to launch products. But when we are looking at the industry, 
I think that's somewhere between 10 and 20. Over a period of time, there 
will be product innovation on that side. But you are right. I mean, that 
would be lower than what's the current blended yield on the overall 
open-ended debt schemes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alokek Kumar from UTI AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Alokek Kumar: 
I just wanted to understand what has been the impact of the rising yields 
on our debt portfolio, and how do we look about the future of the yield 
market and our debt AUM? 
Navneet Munot: 
As I mentioned earlier that there have been outflows from the debt fund 
over the last several months as yields have been inching up. This is in 
line with the trend and past as well. Over a period of time, once yields 
stabilize and given the elevated yields, we are hopeful that this would 
attract a lot of individual investors to the debt funds. I mentioned earlier 
that, while we have seen significant increase in individual participation 
in equities, particularly in the SIP side, but then in industry, we hardly 
talk about SIP in debt funds, I mean, all of us have grown in our 
childhood thinking about recurring deposits in banks. Something similar 
I think our industry needs to do as well, promoting SIP in the fixed 
income funds for investors who are hardcore debt or hardcore fixed 
income investors. I think yields at these levels with product innovation 
and some of the other efforts by the industry both on the investor 
education as well as marketing can lead to a lot more penetration of debt 
funds among the individual investors, there's lots of opportunity. I'm just 
repeating, I think I mentioned earlier, in case I didn't, if we look at the 
overall debt AUM in India in last five years, the industry has grown so 
much and the overall growth in the industry has been significant, but on 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
the debt side as a percentage of bank deposits or if you put any other 
metrics, I think we haven't really grown much on that side as industry, 
and I think there's a lot of opportunity. A large part of the savings 
remains in fixed income instruments in India. Apart from of course, real 
estate and gold where the significant proportion of household savings 
are, I think yields at elevated levels, some of the product innovation 
which is happening in the industry, and maybe some bit of other efforts 
from the industry can lead to a lot more penetration on the debt side. So, 
I remain quite optimistic. But when yields go up, when people see MTM 
losses or maybe the overall lower returns on their debt funds, we have 
seen historically some bit of outflows from the existing funds, but as 
yields stabilize at higher levels, they start attracting money. 
Alokek Kumar: 
Any plans or any product where we can lock the investors fund at a 
higher yield given that the returns on the FD deposits also has not yet 
increased as much as the lending rates have increased, so any method, 
any way where we are looking at launching some product wherein we 
can lock in the funds at a higher interest rate for our investors? 
Navneet Munot: 
That's what we talked about earlier. So, those are like target maturity 
funds. I think those funds where the underlying investments would be in 
GSec or SDL or highly rated corporate bonds with a specific maturity. 
They are similar to fixed maturity plan earlier, but fixed maturity plans 
used to be close ended, these are kind of open-ended index funds. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Navneet Munot for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you so much and wish you all a very happy, safe Diwali and a 
prosperous and blissful new year ahead. Last two years, I think the 
Diwali time wasn't as I would say jubilant given the overall pandemic 
situation. Now that thanks for the vaccination and thanks to everything 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
coming back to normalcy, I think there is a lot more joyful Diwali that 
everybody and every family is looking forward to. Thanks, again. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of HDFC Asset Management Company 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
