 
ICICI Bank Limited 
ICICI Bank Towers 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051, India. 
Tel.: (91-22) 2653 1414 
Fax: (91-22) 2653 1122 
Website www.icicibank.com 
CIN.: L65190GJ1994PLC021012 
Regd. Office: ICICI Bank Tower, 
Near Chakli Circle, 
Old Padra Road 
Vadodara 390007. India 
 
 
 
 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of the call with media on financial results for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2022. The same can also be accessed on the link:  
 
https://www.icicibank.com/aboutus/news.page 
 
 
This is for your records and information. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For ICICI Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Ranjan 
Chief Manager 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
Vivek 
Ranjan
Digitally signed by Vivek Ranjan 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=e202014091290741f7276b0e4
9a399ab80befeea1d60c04e92c73037be
bb2901, postalCode=400705, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6db6a9f19dc6558191caf
c901bde18c0194ae87dd3ff4bfdcbc996
1d94e56cea, cn=Vivek Ranjan 
Date: 2022.10.27 15:43:49 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
ICICI Bank Limited 
Media conference call for quarter ended September 30, 2022 
on October 22, 2022 
 
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning 
our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to qualify 
for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Such forwardlooking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. 
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory changes, 
international economic and business conditions, political or economic instability in the jurisdictions 
where we have operations, increase in nonperforming loans, unanticipated changes in interest 
rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in 
business, the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking 
products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
changes in India’s sovereign rating, and the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic which could result in 
fewer business opportunities, lower revenues, and an increase in the levels of non-performing 
assets and provisions, depending inter alia upon the period of time for which the pandemic extends, 
the remedial measures adopted by governments and central banks, and the time taken for 
economic activity to resume at normal levels after the pandemic, as well as other risks detailed in 
the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-
looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable 
as of the date of this release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could 
affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov.  
This release does not constitute an offer of securities. 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you all to ICICI Bank’s results conference call with Mr. 
Sandeep Batra – Executive Director, ICICI Bank and Mr. Anindya Banerjee – Group Chief 
Financial Officer, ICICI Bank. Mr. Batra will now give you an overview of the results, which 
will be followed by a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. We hope that you 
are safe and in good health. Wish you all a very Happy Diwali in advance. 
As you are aware, the Indian economy has seen a robust recovery from challenges posed 
by pandemic. However, we are currently experiencing volatility in global economy and 
financial markets, geo political tensions and upward movements in inflation, interest and 

 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
exchange rates. The authorities have been taking various measures to address the 
evolving situation. 
 
At ICICI Bank, we aim to grow the core operating profit in a risk-calibrated manner through 
a 360-degree customer-centric approach and by focusing on ecosystems and micro-
markets. We continue to operate within our strategic framework and strengthen our 
franchise, enhance our delivery and servicing capabilities and expand our technology and 
digital offerings. 
Our Board has today approved the financial results of ICICI Bank for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2022. I would like to highlight some key numbers: 
A. Profit and capital 
1. Core operating profit, that is, profit before provisions and tax, excluding treasury 
income, grew by 24% year-on-year to ₹ 11,765 crore in Q2-2023 
2. Net interest income increased by 26% year-on-year to ₹ 14,787 crore in Q2-2023 
3. The net interest margin was 4.31% in Q2-2023 compared to 4.00% in Q2-2022 and 
4.01% in Q1-2023. Net interest margin was 4.16% in H1-2023 
4. Fee income grew by 18% year-on-year to ₹ 4,480 crore in Q2-2023  
5. The profit after tax grew by 37% year-on-year to ₹ 7,558 crore in Q2-2023 
6. The consolidated profit after tax grew by 31% year-on-year to ₹ 8,007 crore in Q2-2023  
7. The standalone RoE was 16.6% in Q2-2023 
8. At September 30, 2022, the Bank had a net worth of about ₹ 1.8 lakh crore. Including 
profits for H1-2023, CET-1 ratio was 16.95%, Tier 1 ratio was 17.51% and total capital 
adequacy ratio was 18.27% 
 
B. Deposit growth 
1. Total period-end deposits increased by 12% year-on-year to ₹ 10,90,008 crore at 
September 30, 2022 
2. Average current account deposits increased by 15% year-on-year 
3. Average savings account deposits increased by 16% year-on-year 
4. Period-end term deposits increased by 11% year-on-year to ₹ 5,82,168 crore at 
September 30, 2022 
5. We opened about 200 branches in H1-2023 and had a network of 5,614 branches and 
13,254 ATMs at September 30, 2022 

 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
C. Loan growth  
1. The overall loan portfolio grew by 23% year-on-year and 5% sequentially at September 
30, 2022. The domestic loan portfolio grew by 24% year-on-year and 6% sequentially 
at September 30, 2022.  
2. The retail loan portfolio, excluding rural loans, grew by 25% year-on-year and 6% 
sequentially. Including non-fund outstanding, the retail loan portfolio was 44% of the 
total portfolio. The rural portfolio grew by 12% year-on- year and 4% sequentially. The 
business banking portfolio grew by 43% year-on-year and 11% sequentially. The SME 
business, comprising borrowers with a turnover of less than ₹ 250 crore grew by 27% 
year-on-year and 6% sequentially. Growth in the domestic wholesale banking portfolio 
was 23% year-on-year and 7% sequentially at September 30, 2022.  
3. 73.1% of the total loan portfolio, excluding, retail and rural, was rated A- and above at 
September 30, 2022 
 
D. Digital initiatives  
1. There have been around 80 lakh activations from non-ICICI Bank account holders on 
our mobile banking app, iMobile Pay as of end-September 2022. The value of 
transactions by non-ICICI Bank account holders on iMobile Pay during Q2-2023 was 
4.4 times the value of transactions in Q2-2022.  
2. The value of credit card spends in the current quarter grew by 4% sequentially 43% 
year-on-year in Q2-2023. The Bank saw a healthy growth in retail credit card spends 
driven by increase in discretionary spending, higher activation rate through digital 
onboarding of customers, including Amazon Pay credit cards. The Bank has issued 
more than 3.5 million Amazon Pay credit cards since its launch.  
3. The value of the Bank’s merchant acquiring transactions through UPI in Q2-2023 grew 
by 26% sequentially and was 2.2 times the value of transactions in Q2-2022. The Bank 
is the market leader in electronic toll collections through FASTag. The Bank had a 
market share of about 31% by value in electronic toll collections through FASTag in 
Q2-2023, with a 20% year-on-year growth in collections. 
4. The business banking and SME franchise continues to grow on the back of digital 
offerings and platforms like InstaBIZ along with the Bank’s extensive branch network. 
The value of financial transactions on InstaBIZ grew by 23% year-on-year in Q2-2023. 
There have been about 1.95 lakh registrations from non-ICICI Bank account holders on 
InstaBIZ till September 30, 2022. 

 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
5. The Bank has created more than 20 industry specific STACKs which provide bespoke 
and purpose-based digital solutions to corporate clients and their ecosystems. The 
Bank’s Trade Online and Trade Emerge platforms allow customers to perform most of 
their trade finance and foreign exchange transactions digitally. About 70% of trade 
transactions were done digitally in Q2 of this year. The value of transactions done 
through these platforms increased by about 70% year-on-year in Q2 of this year. 
6. Recently, we launched Campus Power, an online platform providing various banking 
solutions such as loans, bank accounts, foreign exchange remittances and value added 
services to the student ecosystem for higher education in India and abroad. We also 
launched ‘Smart Wire’, a SWIFT based inward remittance system which allows NRIs 
and resident customers to undertake inward remittance transactions in an online and 
paperless manner.  
 
E.  Asset Quality 
1. The net NPA ratio declined to 0.61% at September 30, 2022 from 0.70% at June 30, 
2022 and 0.99% at September 30, 2021 
2. During Q2-2023, there were net additions to gross NPAs of ₹ 605 crore compared to ₹ 
382 crore in Q1-2023 
3. The gross NPAs written off were ₹ 1,103 crore in the current quarter 
4. The Bank sold gross NPAs amounting to ₹ 94 crore in Q2-2023 on a cash basis 
5. The provisioning coverage ratio on NPAs was 80.6% at September 30, 2022. 
6. The total fund based outstanding to all borrowers under resolution as per the various 
extant regulations declined to ₹ 6,713 crore or 0.7% of total advances at September 
30, 2022 from ₹ 7,376 crore at June 30, 2022. The Bank holds provisions amounting to 
₹ 2,059 crore against these borrowers under resolution, as of September 30, 2022. 
7. The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing borrowers rated BB and below 
reduced to ₹ 7,638 crore at September 30, 2022 from ₹ 8,209 crore at June 30, 2022. 
8. The total provisions during the quarter were ₹ 1,644 crore or about 14.0% of core 
operating profit and about 0.71% of average advances. This includes contingency 
provisions of ₹ 1,500 crore made on a prudent basis. The Bank held contingency 
provisions of ₹ 10,000 crore at September 30, 2022. 
Going forward, we will continue to operate within our strategic framework while focusing 
on micro markets and ecosystems. The principles of “Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank” and 
“One Bank, One Team, One RoE” will guide our operations. We focus on building a culture 

 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
where every employee in the Bank serves customers with humility and upholds the values 
of brand ICICI. We aim to be the trusted financial services provider of choice for our 
customers and deliver sustainable returns to our shareholders. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. I will be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the Q&A session with Mr. Batra 
and Mr. Banerjee. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press * and 1 on their touch-
tone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press * 
and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question.  
Since today’s announcement is on the Bank’s Q2 results, we would like to request you to 
ask questions which are only related to the Bank’s financial performance. If you have any 
other query, please write to the corporate communications team separately.  
Due to time constraints, I request all of you to ask not more than two questions at a time. 
If you have any additional queries, you may join the queue again. Thank you. 
The first question is from the line of Vishwanath Nair from BQ Prime. Please go ahead. 
Vishwanath Nair: 
The question I wanted to understand from you is on this 23% loan growth. Now obviously 
you are significantly higher than vast majority of the industry at this point in time. 
Considering that the deposit growth still trailing, how sustainable is this in this space?  
Sandeep Batra: 
This will depend on how things pan-out, from our perspective as we have been saying we 
have got our overall risk framework. Anything which falls within that framework, we are 
happy to grow. You are right that given the tightening of liquidity, the incremental growth 
will largely be a function of deposit growth and borrowings that we may do. We will be 
focused on this in a risk calibrated fashion and whatever falls within that framework, we 
will continue to grow.  
 
 
 

 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Vishwanath Nair: 
What is this growth looking like in a sense? I know that you keep saying that this is risk 
recalibrated, but clearly one part of your portfolio is growing faster than the other. I am 
just trying to understand what the future growth is going to look like.  
Sandeep Batra: 
Vishwanath, this is a function of how the economy grows. If there is economic activity 
which falls within our risk appetite, we are happy to serve it. We are there in all segments 
of the market. Even if you see this 22%, you are right. The good thing is, at this point of 
time retail has grown at 24%, rural has grown at about 12% for us, the business banking 
and SME has grown at about 42% and 26%. Even corporate book has grown at 23%. In 
our case, there has been a marginal decline in the overseas book. On an overall basis, it's 
about 22.7, domestic is 24. This will vary period on period and we are not too let me say 
focused on it. Wherever we see our opportunities and India there are enough opportunities 
across various segments. Wherever we get these opportunities, we are happy to support.  
Vishwanath Nair: 
All right, just one additional question, if you allow me. There is this order that came from 
the OCC about the New York branch. I am just trying to understand what steps the Bank 
has taken since that came. 
Sandeep Batra: 
We have been in dialogue with OCC and we have already filed our comments on this. This 
is just for our New York branch. What the consent order basically says that we have agreed 
to strengthen certain parts of our AML framework which we shall do over the next in line 
with what OCC has required us to do. And I just want to clarify, this is only related to the 
New York branch, nothing more.  
Vishwanath Nair:  
Okay, so the other branches were not covered as part of the review or they were not? 
Sandeep Batra: 
No, they can’t. OCCs jurisdiction has confined to our New York branch and they made a 
few comments. They do not have jurisdiction beyond New York, means US.  

 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Vishwanath Nair: No, the reason I mentioned that is because there are other branches 
that you have outside of New York, I'm sure. 
Sandeep Batra: 
But they are outside of the United States. 
Vishwanath Nair: 
The United States altogether.  
Sandeep Batra: 
We have a few rep-offices but anyway.  
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Ashish Agashe from PTI.  
Ashish Agashe: 
Just wanted to understand the perspective behind the contingency provision being made, 
a few quarters ago as well you had done the same and now it is ₹ 10,000 crores in all 
basically. What’s prompting this sort of acceleration in provisioning? Secondly, while 
making these provisions there would also be a cost involved. Now that the figure is ₹ 
10,000 crores, so are you also looking at that part of the entire sort of equation? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Ashish, thank you for asking this question. As I mentioned, while Indian economy is doing 
well, as you are well aware that the global economy and financial markets have their 
challenges. Internationally, there is geopolitical tension and there are possibilities in fact 
reality of inflation and interest moving up and volatility in exchange rates. Given all that is 
happening in the global environment, we thought it is prudent to make the contingency 
provisions of ₹ 1,500 crore during this quarter, which you rightly said has moved to a total 
of ₹ 10,000 crore. So, we will see how it goes. We assess this quarter-on-quarter. I don't 
think so we can make any forward-looking statements about this.  
Ashish Agashe: 
Just a small thing. There has not been any drawdown of these provisions for a long time 
because even during COVID some extra provisions were made but there was no draw 
down.  

 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
You are right, there has been no need for drawdown. I think we will see once the overall 
macroeconomic environment becomes a little stable and that's the time we can take an 
appropriate call. But given the fact that the macroeconomic environment is still a bit of 
unstable and I'm really talking about the global macro environment, so we would like to 
be prudent at this point of time and continue with this provision. We will see how it goes. 
Ashish Agashe: 
As a percentage, what is the contribution of overseas advances now in your book? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Just about 4%. No, if you are talking of relating to contingency provision then I just want 
to put the macroeconomic global environment can have a second order impact on India. 
So don't just look at the overseas book when you're talking about contingency provision. 
Ashish Agashe: 
Fine, yes, thanks so much. Just a small thing, where is the 23% large corporate growth 
coming from and what is it? Is it largely working capital, is some of it project finance, how 
is it? 
Sandeep Batra: 
No, it's a combination of both. I mean most of it is working capital and there are term loans 
as well. As we have said in the past, we are focused on better-rated corporate borrowers 
and some of these details will be there on our website in the next hour or so. As you are 
aware that most of our corporate borrowing is an (A-) and above category which is about 
73% of our portfolio. So, our focus is on rating rather than on the way you are talking about 
between project finance and working capital. As long as these corporates meet our risk 
thresholds, we are happy to lend to them.  
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Alekh Angre from The Informist. Please go ahead. 
Alekh Angre: 
 
Just wanted to understand how ICICI Bank is navigating in terms of strategically project 
mobilization, given that rate has become the most deciding factor now and in that context, 

 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
how do you see NIM is panning out and what has been the reason for this about 30 basis 
points for expansion in NIMS in this quarter?  
Sandeep Batra: 
 
No, I think this is a good question, Alekh. Alekh, as you are aware, a customer proposition 
is about rates. It is also about convenience; it is also about brand and trust. So, it's a 
combination of many things and we would like to focus on all of them. Of course, digital 
plays a pretty important role and that's where the customer convenience came into 
pictures, which is what I wanted to mention. You are right. Given the fact that RBI, since it 
started reversing it’s I mean interest rate cycle has increased the repo rates by about 190 
basis points. As you are aware, a fair bit of our loan is linked to repo. In fact, about 44% of 
our loan is linked to repo and another 5% to external benchmarks. So there in line with 
the repo rate increase there has been a corresponding lending increase, which has 
happened. So, over a period of time the deposit rates and the lending rates will sort of 
match. But at this point of time the lending rate increase has been a little faster than 
borrowing rates. So that's where we have got the benefit of NIM expansion.  
Alekh Angre: 
 
44% of the booking repo linked, right?  
Sandeep Batra: 
 
That's right.  
Alekh Angre: 
 
How much has been the transmission there, complete? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Whatever is repo linked goes in line with whatever has happened on the repo and it of 
course goes with a bit of a lag out there. I mean, there is about a 3-month lag between the 
actual rate hike and how it transmitted to a period. Sorry.  
Anindya Banerjee: 
The loans typically have a 3-month reset. If a repo rate hike occurs during a month, then 
the roughly one third of the portfolio would reflect that over the next 3 months in each 
month.  

 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Alekh Angre: 
This investor presentation is yet not out, wanted to know how much is the contribution of 
domestic loans in the loan book?  
Sandeep Batra: 
96%.  
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Joel Rebello from Economic Times. Please go ahead. 
Joel Rebello: 
Just want to understand, what is the cost of fund this quarter versus last year? Can you 
give us a number? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Cost of fund for this quarter was 3.78%, last quarter it was 3.67%. The same quarter last 
year was 3.71%.  
Joel Rebello: 
My second part of the question is because of the rising rates and because of the fact that 
you will probably need to hike deposit rate, how do you expect this cost of funds to pan 
out and what will be the impact on the margin?  
Sandeep Batra: 
No, Joel, you have broadly asked two questions. In terms of the deposit rate increase will 
continue to happen in line with the repo rate increase which is happening by RBI as well 
as the competitive intensity for deposits. We keep calibrating it or discussing this at alco 
and then periodically announcing revisions. Coming to NIMs, it's a function of the lending 
that we do and the borrowings that we do as well as the mix of the loan portfolio because 
margins are different across different segments. As I already mentioned, about 44% of our 
portfolio is repo linked. So as and when repo rate hikes are happening, automatically this 
gets transmitted to a borrower in line with the contractual terms. There has been a NIM 
expansion given the fact that the repo rates link hike has been slightly ahead of the deposit 
rate hike. However, over a period we do expect that this will sort of catch up and to become 

 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
a more normal level of this thing. But it will depend, as I mentioned on the mix of the 
portfolio and our funding profile and competitive intensity. 
Joel Rebello: 
Just want to clarify again, how much is the market linked rate repo plus MCLR linked of 
your loans, so 44% repo? 
Sandeep Batra: 
5% is other external benchmarks and 22% is MCLR fixed is just about 30%.  
Joel Rebello: 
Okay, that gives me a good picture. My second question is on NPA additions. I know that 
on a net basis it's not much, but from where did the additions come this quarter. 
Sandeep Batra: 
For the gross addition that has happened in the quarter, we have had a gross addition of 
₹ 4,300 crore. Out of which retail has been ₹ 3,600 crore and corporate has been ₹ 708 
crore. We have also had the recoveries of about ₹ 3,700 crore and the retail recoveries has 
been about ₹ 3,000 crore and corporate and SME recovery has been about again ₹ 700 
crore.  
Joel Rebello: 
When you say retail it is mostly loans to individuals or is it also business banking or small. 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
This includes retail, rural and business banking. So, 3,658 is the exact number for the 
additions and a recovery of ₹ 3,065 crore. The net addition is about ₹ 605 crore on account 
of retail.  
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Dinesh Unnikrishnan from Moneycontrol. Please go 
ahead. 
Dinesh Unnikrishnan: 
I want to know what is the risk profile of this fresh corporate NPAs in this quarter? You 
said ₹ 708 crore, fresh addition? 

 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
No, the risk profile of the NPA will be obviously, once it becomes an NPA it is not going to 
come in book. 
Dinesh Unnikrishnan: 
In the sense which part of the corporate loans are showing stress now?  
Sandeep Batra: 
No, there is nothing very specific. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
There is no specific pattern. I guess in any loan portfolio, at any point of time you will have 
some defaults and NPL additions, no specific pattern really.  
Sandeep Batra: 
If you just see, I mean, on the corporate and SME we have had only ₹ 708 crore of gross 
NPA additions and we have had another ₹ 696 crore of recoveries against that. The net 
addition has been marginal in that sense. To that extent, we are quite comfortable at this 
point of time. 
Dinesh Unnikrishnan: 
And is there something that you can tell us about these write-offs in this quarter about ₹ 
1,100 crore, right?  
Sandeep Batra: 
Yes ₹ 1,100 crore we have written-off during the quarter. So that’s a periodic exercise that 
we conduct so we have written about ₹ 1,100 crore. 
Dinesh Unnikrishnan: 
No, I am saying this is from which type of corporate loans, which sectors, anything?  
Anindya Banerjee:  
It will be a mix of corporate, retail, and SME. We have our internal write-off policy so it is 
every quarter we write-off as per those policies. 
 

 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
Dinesh Unnikrishnan: 
What is your outlook on corporate NPAs now?  
Sandeep Batra: 
Yes, you are aware we don't give outlook. We will continue on our overall strategy of giving 
loans to better rated corporate. As I mentioned earlier in the call about 73% of our portfolio 
is A-minus and above. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Nupur Anand from Reuters. Please go ahead. 
Ira: 
 
This is actually, Ira from Reuters. I just want to go back to the first question asked on the 
deposit side because the wedge between loan growth for you and deposit growth is fairly 
wide and I am wondering if there's a bigger strategy here that you hope to employ of the 
next few quarters if you want to maintain this pace of loan growth. Because I guess 
something has to give if deposit growth stays so much below loan growth. Either you will 
have to moderate loan growth or you will have to give up on margins by picking up higher 
cost deposits. You could give us a bit more on that? 
Sandeep Batra: 
I think what you are asking is a general question which is true for the entire banking sector.  
Ira: 
 
But I think for you the wedge is much wider than for the banking sector, right?  
Sandeep Batra: 
No, I think we are also very comfortable on liquidity. As you are aware that our liquidity 
coverage ratio is probably higher than most peer banks at about 127%. That gives us an 
additional leeway. We continue to be focused on a risk-calibrated growth and I mean 
clearly loan growth will be a function of the deposit growth and we will be focused on that. 
I guess that's part of normal banking and I am sure this will be true for most banks as well. 
 
 

 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
Ira: 
 
Would deposit growth end up being the reason you may have to moderate loan growth 
because demand from some of the segments that you been very active in is very strong, 
retail, MSME and now perhaps the corporates… 
Sandeep Batra: 
Ira that is very difficult, we will see how it goes. I mean there is retail deposits, there is 
CASA, there is corporate deposits and then there is possibility of borrowings as well. 
Whatever makes commercial sense and fits within our framework we will do it. We will 
see how it evolves and frankly, we do not see this as a constraint. The only constraint that 
we have put on ourselves is the quality of our customers that we tried to onboard. As long 
as it is within that framework, we will be able to fund it. At this point of time, we are pretty 
comfortable and we do not see deposit growth to be a constraint. 
Ira: 
 
Would there be any specific strategies on the liability side, or is there an increase in the 
pace at which you are adding branches if you think that you need to refocus on the liability 
side? 
Sandeep Batra: 
No, as I did mention I think branches has always been a bottom-up approach for us. 
Wherever we need to add we have added. During the current fiscal year, we have added 
about 200 branches. They are an important strategy as part of our overall growth but given 
the digital environment we will continue to focus on customer convenience. That is the 
primary driver of CASA. Liabilities for a Bank has always been an area of focus. There is 
nothing very different that I need to be doing. I just need to be clinically executing the 
strategy that we have talked about. In the past, we have talked about approaching 
customers in a 360-degree fashion, having a micro market strategy. We have been talking 
about this for a pretty long period of time and that strategy will continue, we keep 
sharpening it, we keep deepening it and India is growing across the length and breadth of 
the country and we will try to support that growth in whatever way we can.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mayur Shetty from Times of India. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Mayur Shetty: 
Actually, my question was the same as Ira’s on the wedge between the loan growth and 
the deposits. I had just another question. Given your provisions, are you preparing for this 
expected loan loss provisions that RBI has steered a discussion paper on?  
Sandeep Batra: 
No, there are two parts of this. If you see RBI is working on that, it's part of the movement 
to IFRS which is essentially around expected loss provisions. As you are aware, we have 
been on US GAAP for a very long period of time since we got listed in New York. That 
provisions and these provisions are pretty similar. So, to that extent as a Bank our ability 
to compute this and be ready is there and whenever we need to be moving, we will be 
ready to move, whenever RBI makes the final guidelines thereof.  
Mayur Shetty: 
So, it will not cause any disruption? 
Sandeep Batra: 
No, not at all. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Shayan Ghosh from Mint. Please go ahead. 
Shayan Ghosh: 
Given that about ₹ 1,200 crore has slipped from the COVID restructured book. I wanted to 
understand a large part of that from the personal loan segment, wanted to understand 
your outlook on that? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Sorry? 
Shayan Ghosh: 
₹ 1,200 crore in the last 1-year, sorry ₹ 431 crore this 6 months and I think ₹ 700 crore 
something in the last 6 months as well, H2 of 2022 and H1 of ‘23? 
 

 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
Shayan, I am not really clear. What are you basically saying that about ₹ 431 crore have 
slipped to NPAs? I mean just look at the overall number. I mean the exposure here was 
about ₹ 5,500 crore, ₹ 431 crore slipped, ₹ 351 crore came back and my balance is about ₹ 
4,800 crore. I mean I have a more over a ₹ 9 lakh crore book and I'm holding contingency 
provision of ₹ 10,000 crore right now and just to add against the overall restructured 
portfolio we have got a specific provision of about 30% so this is okay. 
Shayan Ghosh: 
The large part of this being coming from the personal loan, the retail segments so is that 
a cause of concern?  
Sandeep Batra: 
It is again a mix. 
Anindya Banerjee: 
The proportion of restructuring itself of the COVID resolution was availed more by the 
retail and SME borrowers. So, it's a reflection of that. I don't think that there was very little 
I think only a very few cases that were put under this in the corporate side.  
Shayan Ghosh: 
 
The second question, is any plans on fundraise?  
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Fundraise in the sense?  
Shayan Ghosh: 
 
Any plans to raise capital? 
Sandeep Batra: 
No, we have got no plans to raise any equity capital.  
Shayan Ghosh: 
 
Given that this space of growth how long do you think the Bank can go on without raising 
any equity capital? 

 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
No, as I did mention we have got a very healthy capital adequacy ratio. At this point of 
time, we do not need capital. Hopefully, our capital also gets keeps on getting strengthen 
with the profits that we make every year. To that extent, we are pretty comfortable on the 
capital numbers. We are more than comfortable on capital numbers. I mean you look at it 
in any context. I mean you are aware the CET ratio is about 16.95%, Tier-1 is 17.51%. This 
is fine. This is more than adequate. This can fund for a fairly reasonable period of time. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Subrata Panda from Business Standard. Please go 
ahead. 
Subrata Panda: 
 
My question is on credit cards. September saw a significant reduction in credit card base 
because of the RBI norms. Did you see further reduction in that credit card base because 
of the norms and would that have an impact on the credit card portfolio? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Subrata, as we have been saying we are largely focused on acquiring customers, which 
meet our risk thresholds, and we are focused on a risk calibrated growth, risk calibrated 
growth largely on operating profits. The number of cards is not a parameter, which we 
really internally drive. In terms of the overall business, you would have seen is if the spends 
and the spends during the current quarter increased by about 43%, we were happy with 
the retail credit card growth and all of this has been driven by increasing discretionary 
spend, higher activation, digital onboarding as well as Amazon Pay. I think an Amazon Pay 
as I mentioned we have added about 3.5 million cards since its launch. Recently, we also 
launched Emirates Skywards, which is a loyalty programme along with Emirates and Fly 
Dubai. We have got a full range of products. From our perspective, it is more about what 
contributes to the core operating profit and meets our customer needs. So, it has to be 
fair to the customer and as long as that is being met, we will continue to focus. We are 
very happy with the progress that we have made in our cards’ business. 
Subrata Panda: 
 
Will there be further reduction in the cards basically, the norms?  

 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
That will depend. RBI has prescribed certain norms that if a card doesn't get active over a 
certain period of time it needs to get deactivated. I think all these measures by RBI are 
good. It will bring a better discipline amongst the industry and whether it increases or 
decrease the number of cards is secondary. Finally, it is about getting the right kind of card 
and ensuring that we are able to serve our customers with the best possible means. We 
don’t believe our credit card proposition is superior. Our digital onboarding as well as 
servicing is and convenience is superior. We will continue to focus on that. 
Moderator:  
Our last question is from the line of Shobhana Subramanian from Financial Express. Please 
go ahead. 
Shobhana Subramanian: 
So, this fabulous growth that you have got this quarter is I would imagine a function of 
both the market itself having grown because the economy is growing that’s the pie has 
grown plus you must have taken away share from other banks, right? 
Sandeep Batra: 
The market share numbers are not yet out so I am not too sure of your second part of your 
question. So, we are focused on our growth. 
Shobhana Subramanian:  
No actually, I am asking because the economy is expected to slow in FY24. I am just trying 
to understand whether you will be able to sustain this kind of loan growth because then if 
you have to come largely from share if the economy itself doesn't grow so fast? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Shobhana, our focus and primary job is to protect the capital and our deposit holder’s 
money. That is job number one and that is true for any Bank. Growth is secondary in that 
sense. As I have said, we do not have any growth targets from an asset or a liability growth. 
Internally, we like to track risk calibrated operating profit. We also try to track market share 
in various micro markets that we are operating in and as long as things fit within our risk 
framework, we are very happy to do that business. Whatever happens in the economy will 
happen to everyone so that’s okay. 

 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this brings our conference call to an end. On behalf of 
ICICI Bank, we thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
