Registered Office: 23rd Floor, Vios Tower, New Cuffe Parade, Off Eastern Freeway, Wadala, Mumbai – 400037 
Tel: +91 22 6232 7400 Website: www.rallis.com 
Corporate Identity No. L36992MH1948PLC014083 
October 27, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
Dear Sir,  
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022 
Further to our letter dated October 11, 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the  second 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022 held on Thursday, October 20, 2022.  
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.com/investors/Financial-Performance 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
Srikant Nair 
Company Secretary 
SRIKANT 
NAIR
Digitally signed by 
SRIKANT NAIR 
Date: 2022.10.27 
10:48:00 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Rallis India Limited  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY'23 
Earnings Conference Call of Rallis India Limited.   Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone and thank you for joining us on Rallis 
India Limited's Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us 
today, Mr. Sanjiv Lal, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Nagarajan, Chief 
Operating Officer; and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements 
made in today's discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is 
available in the result presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I now invite Mr. Lal to begin proceedings of the call. Over to you, Sanjiv. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thanks, Gavin. Good morning, everyone. I have alongside with me Mr. 
Nagarajan, our Chief Operating Officer and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria, our 
CFO.  
 
We will start with a brief overview of the industry, before I move to Rallis' 
specific developments.  
 
On an industry level, Q2 was a challenging period for the domestic 
business as adverse monsoon patterns impacted trade and on-ground 

 
activities and the effect of the monsoon is well publicized. But just to 
recap, while the overall monsoon during the season remained 7% in 
excess of normal compared to the 1% deficit of the previous year, 
distribution remained erratic with 13 subdivisions experiencing excess 
rainfall, 17 receiving normal and 6 remaining deficit. 
 
Delayed monsoon and erratic distribution impacted sowing, which was 
1% lower compared to the previous year. Sowing activities, notably rice 
was down by 4% year-on-year. Pulses was down 6%, Oilseeds down by 
2%, while Coarse Cereals was up by 5% and Cotton sowing was higher 
by about 6%. Despite uneven distribution during the monsoon season, 
water storage levels across reservoirs stood at a healthy level. Higher 
reservoir levels, coupled with good soil moisture augurs well for the 
successful Rabi season.  
 
As far as international business is concerned, the industry has had a 
good performance till now. 
 
Moving on to Rallis specific developments, starting with our headline 
numbers. We reported a revenue growth of 31% over the previous year, 
driven largely by our international business. Performance of domestic 
business, as mentioned earlier, was mainly impacted by monsoon 
vagaries, which has led to lower spraying activities, in turn, leading to a 
lower volume growth. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.118 crore, leading to a margin of 
12.4%. Margins has improved versus last year due to the higher growth. 
PBT margins are lower with respect to last year, driven by higher 
depreciation and lower investment and other income. While we did 
undertake calibrated price hikes during the quarter, the overall quantum 
wasn't commensurate with the higher input prices leading to lower 
profitability, specifically in our international business. On the domestic 
front, we were able to maintain our margins through a focus on mix and 
pricing. Profit for the quarter stood at Rs.71 crore against Rs.56 crore 
during the corresponding period last year. 
 
Moving on to individual businesses, starting with domestic. As indicated, 
the overall environment has been challenging for the industry as erratic 
monsoons, lower pesticide sprays due to excess rains and somewhat 
low pest infestation across some regions impacted overall volume growth 
for the business. Key Paddy growing states in Eastern India, UP, Bihar, 
Jharkhand and West Bengal received deficit rains, leading to a decline in 
sown area. In addition to Paddy, we also had instances of Cotton crops 
getting damaged in key states, including Maharashtra and Gujarat and 
Telangana as well due to excess rains. 
 
While herbicides continued to perform well, especially in North India, 
sales of insecticides and fungicides remained muted. Some of our 
herbicides like Tata Panida, Pepe, Honcho and Riceup, though have 
registered double-digit growth. In terms of our initiatives towards 
introducing newer products, we have so far introduced two 9(3) products 
and four 9(4) products during the year. These products are largely 

 
directed towards scaling up our presence in Cotton and Paddy. 
Furthermore, we are also working towards expanding our distribution 
network and also working closely with the e-commerce channels. 
 
Moving on to the seeds business. While the overall environment 
remained challenging, I'm pleased to report that some of our newer 
launches, particularly Diggaz, a Cotton hybrid, has seen a sharp pickup 
in volumes on a year-on-year basis. While the overall numbers are small, 
1.7 lakh packets we sold versus 20,000 packets in the previous year. 
 
Another positive development is regulatory approval from two states for 
Biosafety Research Level trial (BRL-1) related with two of our genetically 
modified events in Cotton and Maize. Both these are herbicide-tolerant 
as well as insect-resistant. Furthermore, we have started trials on Maize 
in Karnataka and hopeful of commencing trials on Cotton in the 
subsequent Kharif season next year. 
 
As far as international business is concerned, we have seen a sharp 
growth in business with volumes improving. Utilization rates for 
Pendimethalin, 
Kresoxim 
Methyl, 
Acephate 
remain 
elevated, 
underscoring the key demand for these products. Metribuzin sale has 
started showing early signs of pickup, following normalization of 
inventory. Also, as indicated in earlier calls, we continue to focus on 
growing branded formulation sales in Southeast Asia and Africa. We 
have submitted several applications for dossier registration in Asia and 
are also engaging in business development discussions in U.S. and 
Turkey. 
 
In terms of contract manufacturing segment, we expect PEKK shipments 
to commence from Q4 of FY2023, after a gap of 2 years. The two 
recently 
won 
CM 
contracts, 
contract 
manufacturing 
business 
opportunities, which is, in a way, reflects our commitment towards 
reviving and growing contract manufacturing business, will take 2 to 3 
years to reach meaningful scale. As indicated in previous calls, we are 
also working towards reducing our dependence on China for meeting 
raw materials for some of our products. And I am happy to report that we 
have made good progress in that area. We are now sourcing 100% of 
our requirement of 2 of our products locally, though these are relatively 
smaller imports. Also, for two of our more important intermediates, for 
one, we are now sourcing 20% of the requirements locally and targeting 
sourcing 80% of the other intermediates locally by the year-end. These 
two intermediates we used to import 100% earlier. We have entered 
long-term understanding with the suppliers for one of these products, 
and while the commercials may be on par with the import cost, 
uncertainty over availability of raw material will cease, which will help us 
better plan our production cycle and meet customer demand. 
 
To conclude, we expect the business to pick up pace in the second half 
of the fiscal. Higher reservoir levels should aid Rabi season and 
remunerative global agri commodity prices should aid the international 
business. As far as Rallis is concerned, we believe commissioning of 
new capacities, introduction of new products and wider distribution reach 

 
positions us well to meet the requirements of our customers, both locally 
and globally. 
 
With that, I'll now request Subhra to give us the detailed financials. Over 
to you, Subhra. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Thank you, Sanjiv. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
today for our Q2 earnings call. Let me quickly walk you through our 
financial performance for the quarter, post which we shall commence the 
Q&A session. Starting with the top line, our revenues for the quarter 
stood at Rs. 951 crore as against Rs.728 crore generated during Q2 
FY'22, which is a growth of 31%. The growth was largely driven by the 
strong performance of our Crop Care business. 
 
Domestic business registered revenue of Rs.608 crore, higher by 18.2%, 
primarily due to the price hikes undertaken earlier during the year. 
Volumes during the quarter were largely benign as far as domestic 
business was concerned, as erratic monsoon resulted in lower spraying. 
International business reported a growth of 67.4%, led by both volume 
and value. Seeds business generated revenue worth Rs.28 crore during 
the quarter. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.118 crore as against Rs.88 crore 
generated during corresponding period last year. Margins stood at 12.4% 
as against 12.1%, higher by 30 bps, largely on expected lines since the 
quantum of price increase wasn't commensurate with the increase in raw 
material prices. Profit for the quarter stood at Rs.71 crore as against 
Rs.56 crore for Q2 FY'22, higher by 26%. 
 
Moving on to the business-wise performance. Domestic business 
operated under a challenging environment. Uneven monsoon distribution 
impacted sowing activities for key crops during the season, primarily 
Paddy and Cotton. Paddy constitutes a significant component in our 
portfolio and hence, the overall lower sowing could have impacted our 
portfolio more than some of our peers. While herbicides continue to 
perform well for us, sale of insecticides and fungicides were lower than 
our expectation. 
 
The growth in domestic business as such is largely value-driven as we 
have carry-forward pricing taken earlier during the year to offset the 
higher input costs. Despite external challenges, we continue to make 
steady progress in our attempts towards introducing new products, both 
9(3) and 9(4), and expect the momentum to continue during the year. 
Furthermore, these products are targeted towards plugging the segment 
gaps in our portfolio. 
 
Moving on to the seeds business. While Q2 is our seasonally small 
quarter for the business, we have seen revenue worth Rs.28 crore for 
the quarter. Overall business environment continues to remain 
challenging for the seeds business. Though some of our newly launched 
products have done well, we have seen significant pickup in sales 
volume for Diggaz over last year.  

 
 
Our strategy for the business, as we mentioned in the previous calls, 
continues to be focused on liquidation, cost optimization and more robust 
evaluation of new product pipeline advancements. We also accounted 
for higher provisions on inventory in seeds, adding up to Rs. 25 crore 
during the first half of the year. We may see more of such effects coming 
during the course of the year, as we streamline the operations and 
recognize such provisions so that the business can become more 
focused on new portfolio going forward. 
 
As far as international business is concerned, we have seen a good 
growth of 67.4% during the quarter, driven by volume and value both. 
We continue to see good demand for our products with plant utilization 
rate for most of them being at optimum level. Sales of Metribuzin as well 
have started to improve gradually. Going forward, growth could be 
largely volume-driven as realizations may trend lower with raw material 
prices cooling off. Our strategy for this segment, as we have indicated, 
involves increasing our customer set and sales of formulations, which will 
help assure both volume and margin in the business. 
 
Lastly, we started sourcing raw material for some of our products locally, 
which not only helps us in lowering our dependence on China, but also 
helps prepare better, plan and production and inventory purchases. As 
you might have seen, we have experienced challenges on working 
capital front, especially with the increase in receivables for domestic 
formulation business. 
 
Given the overall challenge of delay in monsoon and poor cash flow in 
the market, our collection days have gone up. However, we do not 
foresee any risks here and we continue to focus on our efforts to improve 
it in Q3. Receivables have also been impacted by our decision to stop 
the discounting for one of our key international customer. Inventory has 
albeit been controlled, several actions, including optimizing production 
basis dynamic sales requirements, reduction of lead time across key 
materials and also lower impact of prices sitting in the inventory now. To 
meet the interim cash needs, we used short-term borrowings. However, 
the release of cash from operations, we expect the cash flow situation to 
gradually improve. 
 
A quick word on Capex before I hand it over to the operator. As indicated 
in the previous call, our overall Capex for the year should be Rs.250 
crore, of which we have spent around Rs.100 crore during the first half. 
 
To conclude, I would like to reiterate that we are undertaking requisite 
steps towards growing both our business, domestic and international, 
new product launches, local sourcing of raw materials, scaling up of 
capacities and wider distribution reach positions us well to grow our 
business and improve overall profitability going forward. 
 
That concludes the opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A 
session. 
 

 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital.   
 
Prashant Biyani: 
 
Sir, can you bifurcate top line growth between value and volume? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So as we said, international business is largely split between both 
volume and value,. But domestic business, it was more price-led with 
volumes being in low single-digit. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
And, sir, for the Rabi season, cost-wise, do we have high-cost inventory 
vis-a-vis prevailing prices? Or we would be competitive enough vis-a-vis 
the current prices because prices have been trending downwards in 
China? So traders might have an upper hand if there's high-cost 
inventory. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No. More or less, we have tried to work down our high-cost inventory,. 
So I think we are in a much better position today than what we were 
maybe three months back because we have had to take some lower 
margins, especially for liquidating some of the high-cost inventory that 
we were holding. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Other costs are broadly under control for us, but on the gross margin by 
when do we think we can turn the tide because for the last three, four 
consecutive quarters we have seen a reduction in gross margin? 
 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
I think we have to disaggregate our business into two parts, Crop Care 
and Seeds. So within Crop Care, I would say, if you look at domestic and 
international, again disaggregatedly, if you look at it on the international 
front, we have had challenges in Q2 and also in H1, partly contributed by 
the high cost that we had some inventories in our hand and of course, 
contributed also by the competitive position in our markets where the 
price levels we could not kind of transfer the raw material cost increases. 
So the impact of the high-cost inventory like what was mentioned, we 
have whittled down that inventory. So that effect is something which is 
now behind us. 
 
However, of course, in terms of the forward market, the competitiveness 
could continue in the international business. If you look at the domestic 
business, I would say that while we have not been able to fully pass the 
costs forward, the cost themselves are abating right now. So that is 
actually a little bit more positive situation. Now, separate from the Crop 
Care business is the seeds business. In the seed business, certainly, I 
think we have some distance to go. 
 
Like was mentioned, we are in the process of optimizing our expenses 
so that we are able to improve the profitability. And also, we are also 
recognizing some of the inventory provisions and so that also has an 
impact in terms of the margin levels. So these are the broad drivers and 
these are the areas we are focused on. Specifically, in terms of how long 
it might take, it's a little bit hard to say, but I think I would say that 
domestic is a little ahead, international is following and then the seeds is 
behind in terms of the trajectory of improvement. 

 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Prashant, the other thing which impact us when the raw material hikes 
are high, your percentage margin will always come under pressure 
because your pricing goes and sits in the denominator. So in terms of 
percentage, it will always look a bit slow compared to the earlier 
quarters. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sure. And lastly ma'am, internationally in which geographies are we 
seeing pricing pressure? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
There is certainly some pricing pressure which we are seeing in Brazil. 
And otherwise, I think, for most of the international business it has been, 
I would say, a very good year if you see the results and performance of 
many of the international companies. But there has been pricing 
pressure for us at least in Brazil. 
 
Moderator: 
  The next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec 
Capital.   
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
My question is again on the margin front. Now specifically, if you can 
give us some light in the sense of few parameters. When you look at raw 
material pricing, there is an expectation of freight cost reduction and you 
mentioned that the inventory, the high-cost inventory overhang is no 
longer there. So what could be the impact of expected pricing? So that is 
one. Second, on the same margin front, in the export business, there is a 
big currency depreciation as well. So the pressure that we have seen is 
over and above the positive impact of currency depreciation or the 
currency depreciation impact is yet to come into our numbers.   
 
S. Nagarajan: 
So margin, yes, the high-cost inventory is pretty much behind us, but I 
think in terms of the margin pressures for us, we would say it is in 
specific pockets where we also have pricing challenges. As you would 
appreciate, the combination of the products that we sell and the markets 
where we sell, that is really the combination that can determine the level 
of pricing flexibility that we could have. Like was already mentioned, in 
Brazil, we do find pricing pressures for the products that we sell. 
 
We are also finding pricing pressures in the Southeast Asian market for 
another product that we sell. And these are large products from our point 
of view. And therefore, the margin pressures are continuing there. 
However, for the products that we sell in the U.S. market, as well as for 
the products in the European market, we have had much less impact. I 
mean, U.S. has been actually having much better pricing flexibility there. 
Europe is following that. So that is really the situation. So the 
improvement will also depend, apart from our cost, freight cost and other 
things, which you're right in pointing out, they are all improving. It will 
also depend on the prices that we are able to charge in the market. And 
that is really the variable that's a little bit hard to predict. So I wonder if 
that gives you some background to how we're thinking about it. 
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes. Absolutely. But the one thing to add on that, do you expect that 
situation to start improving from this quarter and in second half of the 
year and going into the next few quarters into the next financial year? 

 
Are we seeing that the margin trajectory should improve and this is a 
kind of a bottomed-out margin for us? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
See, that is a little bit hard to say because there are two confounding 
variables at least. Maybe there are many more. One is, of course, that 
the commodity prices are still continuing to be pretty high, even in these 
markets, right? So to that extent, you would expect the crop economics 
to be quite favorable. However, as you correctly pointed out, there is the 
broader context of inflation, the broader context of these things playing 
through into the agrochemical market space itself. 
 
So, as you know, some currencies have, in fact, depreciated far more 
than the Indian currency. So that makes it that much more difficult in 
terms of affordability of the farmers in those countries. And that actually 
feeds back through as pricing pressures to even suppliers. So that piece 
is a little bit hard to say. We are hopeful that in some pockets where 
things have not been good from a weather point of view. You had 
droughts, for example, in Europe. We are hopeful that, that is something 
that will change. But these are 2 or 3 of the things that influence the 
pickup rate in that trajectory. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria:           Most of our purchases and even the imports and exports are actually 
denominated in U.S. dollars.  As a company, we are net exporters. So 
our export size is much larger than the Import book size. So in fact, the 
currency depreciation, if you ask me, works better for us, especially 
because we are a net exporter as a company. As far as financial 
management is concerned, we have a policy signed up by the Board of 
covering all imports and exports. 
 
So we're fully covered in terms of the current exposures and that's why 
there is no further impact, which is expected in the subsequent quarter. 
But as Naga rightly pointed out, if rupee continues to be holding much 
more stead versus other currencies versus dollar, there could be that 
impact which we might see in terms of export growth. So that's the only 
variable there. Otherwise, since our exposure to other currencies is 
almost negligible, except for dollars, it's almost negligible, we don't 
foresee any big concern there. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge 
Capital.   
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
First on the seeds business. You spoke in your opening comments about 
some new variety of cotton seed where versus 20,000 packets, you have 
sold 1.7 lakh packets, did I hear it correctly? And if so, was it a like-to-like 
comparison versus the full period of last year and this year? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
You heard it correctly. It is one of our newer hybrids and this has actually 
performed very well. And we believe that the sentiment in the market for 
this particular hybrid is also extremely positive, which is encouraging us 
for scaling it up. But we will be scaling it up gradually, not dramatically. 
So, we are outlooking doubling our sales in the next Kharif. And this is 
again a Kharif cultivation. So whatever we had to do for the year is done. 

 
Tarang Agrawal: 
And overall, on your seeds business, I mean, looking at the performance 
for H1, since H1 FY'20, the business has lagged quite a lot. And if I 
recall, in Q2 of FY'22, there was some indication about a strategic rethink 
on the business. So if you could give us some sense on what's 
happening and what are the challenges that you are seeing on ground, 
except the obvious that Paddy sowing this half year was lower and it's 
the biggest proportion of your overall seeds business? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes. So, in fact, some of our hybrids, which have been doing very well, 
they seem to be losing favor. So our replacement products have been 
coming into the market, but they are yet to scale. So that is one issue 
that we're dealing with. The other issue is related with our vegetable 
seeds business, which has not been performing in the manner that we 
had expected despite forming a separate line of business with a separate 
focus on that. So this has also been reviewed. And we will be scaling 
back on this specific line of business and merging it with our field crop 
business. So these are some of the decisions that we will be 
operationalizing during the course of the year. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. On balance sheet, if you could explain, I mean, you did, allude to 
the cash cycle in the domestic market was poor, so that led to the debtor 
expansion. But if you could just give us some more details in terms of 
your debtor days, say on 30 September 2021 in the domestic business 
versus what it is today because it seems quite a lot. So what is 
happening on the ground, and if I were to sort of juxtapose it with the fact 
that your overall Crop Protection business has only grown 8% and that 
too largely pricing led in an environment where cost push has been 
significant on the raw material front. If I just combine those two factors, 
the on-ground situation seems extremely difficult. So just give us some 
more nuances, it will be better for us to be able to understand what's 
actually happening on the ground and so far as the domestic business is 
concerned. 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
On the domestic front, there is certainly an increase in terms of 
outstanding’s compared to last year. And that is certainly more than a 
proportionate increase, which you would expect based on the sales 
increase.  There are certainly pockets in the market where we are finding 
stress in terms of collections. So that is right. However, like it was 
mentioned in the opening remarks, we think that it is not something 
which is bound to create a risk from our point of view. We do expect to 
collect this. There is an elongation of the collection cycle, and that has 
been contributed by multiple factors. 
 
As you know, one, of course, is in terms of the Eastern part of the 
country, there has been a reduction in terms of rainfall. It was a deficit 
rainfall. Liquidation has got hampered there. And unfortunately, some 
parts of the Western side of the country have also got impacted because 
of excess of rainfall and therefore, leading to skipping of sprays. So at 
one level, there is a pressure that is coming from the sales liquidation, let 
us put it this way. Liquidation, that is hampered. 
 

 
Secondly, even from our own approach, we had moderated some of our 
payment incentives in the beginning of the year, which, of course, we 
have since improved upon. So to that extent, we also feel some of that 
may have also played a part. But having said this, we think that this is 
something that should revive. Rabi, we are still hopeful of and some of 
these elongated cycle on the receivable days should settle down. This is 
our impression. 
 
With respect to your question on the overall balance sheet, I think it's a 
combination of domestic as well as exports. The receivables there is 
combination of both. And there, like it was again mentioned in the 
opening remarks, compared to last year, we had decided to not discount 
the receivables from one of the international customers and that is a 
sizable effect also. So I think these two factors broadly cover the overall 
distributors. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Yes. The only one, last one is also international customers, the mix of 
the customers, because there are customers with varying credit periods 
and given that international customers in export sales was relatively high 
in the Q2, that also plays in terms of the amount which is sitting on the 
balance sheet as on 30th September. But international customers, there 
is no overdue at this stage, just to mention. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang.   
 
S. Ramesh: 
My first thought is, again, going back to the increase in debt and the 
receivables. And if you are saying that some of this is because of the 
varying credit period in the international business, which has been 
growing, so if the international business continues to grow at this pace 
which seems to be the trajectory you're likely to achieve, when do you 
think that you'll be able to bring the receivables under control and bring 
down your gross and net debt? Can you give us some sense of what you 
are doing and how do you expect to bring it under control? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, first and foremost, we're going to look at working capital overall 
because there'll be some production, inventory will also be optimized. 
But overall, what we said is, in quarter 3, we will be focusing more on 
receivables reduction and also looking at how do you optimize the overall 
inventory levels. Coming back to debt, we did have some interim debt as 
I said during the quarter. And there might be requirement of more interim 
debt during the course of the quarter, but we expect the cash flow from 
operations to gradually improve towards the end of the year. 
 
S. Ramesh: 
So again, what is the kind of debt do you expect, say, by the end of the 
year compared to what you have reported for September? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I don't think it will be a significant increase. maybe further Rs.50 crore to 
Rs.100 crore increase. 
 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. In terms of your Capex, when do you see the capitalization of 
these assets adding to your top line and EBITDA? Can you give us some 
sense in terms of the timeline? 

 
Sanjiv Lal: 
We expect this to start kicking in from next financial year. We'll be 
commissioning our new MPP plant this year towards Q4. So we expect 
the revenue streams to start from FY'24. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities 
Investment Management.  
 
Viraj Kacharia: 
On the international business. you've reviewed that in some regions you 
kind of face pricing pressure and in some regions, you've actually seen a 
good healthy growth in volumes and prices. So if you kind of also talk a 
little bit more in detail in terms of what are those molecules and those 
details where you kind of seeing a pressure? And similarly, for say for 
U.S. or Europe, probably I understand from the commentary of the global 
agchem, you have seen a very drought type kind of a situation in those 
market as well. And that's also led to a lot of inventory buildup for those 
markets. But our commentary has been quite contrary otherwise. So just 
wanted to understand where is the disconnect. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, Viraj, you are right, there are some drought conditions and it could 
potentially be pressure points for us. There are pricing pressures as 
mentioned earlier from Brazil and Southeast Asia for two of our products, 
which is basically Acephate and Hexaconzole for these two markets, 
respectively. And while Europe certainly had a period of drought, our 
understanding is that the sowing is unlikely to get affected in Europe. So 
I think it is still work in progress, so to say. So we will, of course, continue 
to focus on getting our capacity utilizations by positioning material in the 
market appropriately. 
 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Any perspective we can share on the inventory situation in these 
markets? I mean, is inventory kind of at the optimal level? Have we seen 
already quite a sizable inventory for key raw materials in those markets? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Viraj, I don't think we have that kind of good understanding. But 
qualitatively, the comment that you made that the inventory levels are 
higher is also our understanding. 
 
Viraj Kacharia: 
And second question is on the international market again. You talked 
about pricing pressure, but generally, the RM environment has also been 
on the downward trend. So since the high-cost inventory is now out of 
the window for us. How should one understand the margin part, 
especially on the international business for us? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
So I think the raw material prices are certainly trending down. The freight 
costs are also trending down. One way to understand, it might be that in 
certain products which we are selling in those markets where the impact 
on our pricing is not very high. For those, certainly the margins should be 
improving. For those markets where we continue to face either an 
inventory overhang, as you put it, in the market or pricing pressure for 
variety of reasons, Hexaconzole, Acephate, there the raw material price 
drop may have to be shared with the customer to stay competitive in 
terms of our pricing. 
 

 
So it would boil down to the mix of revenues that we are able to secure 
from all these different geographies in terms of the blended margin 
where we might end up. And in fact, to an earlier question, that is why it 
was a little bit difficult. There are many factors that influences. And 
therefore, it's little bit difficult to predict the movement as we go forward. 
But as you can appreciate, our focus is to try and maximize what we can 
in these markets where we have a relatively benign situation. 
 
Viraj Kacharia: 
If I can squeeze in one question, you talked about CMO two new 
products being launched. So are they from new customers or existing 
customers? Any perspective you can share? What kind of molecules 
also will they be? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
We actually we had mentioned this, I think, in the previous quarter only. 
This is where we have finalized one contract manufacturing opportunity 
for a formulated product and the other is for an active material, which will 
get commercialized during FY'24, all going well, because the registration 
has to be done by the customer, including adding Dahej-SEZ as the 
source. So that's why I mentioned it will take about 2- 3 years for getting 
the revenues to start flowing in from these contracts. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
 
And these are new customers. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
 
 
Yes. These are new customers. Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Somaiah V. from Spark Capital.  
 
Somaiah V: 
The question pertains to Pendimethalin and Metribuzin. So can you give 
a broad range of what is the Y-o-Y price increase in these two molecules 
that you have seen? That's the first part. And second part is, in terms of 
the volume growth in these two molecules, how much of this is led by the 
end market growth? And is there a market share shift that you are seeing 
in these molecules? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, Somaiah, in terms of the price range, I think it may not be very 
prudent for us to share that because these are very customer specific. 
Pendi, our growth has been fairly good during H1. And Metri, we are 
seeing the business coming back because there has been an issue over 
the last couple of quarters where we were unable to get the kind of 
volumes that we are capable of producing. So, we are seeing some of 
the Metri demand coming back. Pendi, we may see some softness in H2, 
but we are trying to work through that with other customers as well. 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Though, we can't share the price rate change, I can share with you that 
we have more than 60% growth H1 to H1 in terms of Metribuzin 
revenues and we have more than 20% growth in Pendimethalin. 
 
Somaiah V: 
So one more question, pertaining to exports only, I mean, let's say, from 
FY'22, where we are around Rs.800 crore, I mean, in a, say, 3-year time 
frame, so is there a target that we're looking at probably doubling of 
revenues, anything like that? And is there models that we are looking at 
probably more focused on CRAMS or in the current international 

 
business itself adding more capacity? Any part that you would take to 
kind of achieve whatever the vision that is there in the export business? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, actually, this has been articulated by us regarding the share of 
international business, vis-a-vis, our domestic business. Currently, we 
are at around 33%, 35% of our Crop Care. Crop Protection business is 
coming from exports. And by FY'26, we expect it to be at around 40%. 
And this is really manufacture-led exports business. So this will include 
contract manufacturing, as well as what you may refer to as catalogue 
sales from our current portfolio and the new AIs that we will be 
commercializing starting FY'24. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Faisal Zubair Hawa from H.G. Hawa 
& Company.   
 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
So, how are we doing on the bio stimulants, bio fertilizers and bio seeds 
front where the next ESG environment, there is so much emphasis on 
the clean and carbon-free environment coming in. What is our 
percentage revenue and in 5 years time, what do you see this being as a 
percentage of total revenue? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So actually, we are looking at biologicals as part of our Crop Nutrition 
portfolio within our Crop Care category. And this category has been 
growing quite nicely over the last 2 years for us. Even this year, the 
growth has been fairly decent. 
 
 
Almost 30% growth has come from this category of Crop Nutrition, which 
is a combination of biological products, soil health products, as well as 
water soluble Crop Nutrition products and micronutrients. So this 
category, we are considering as the Crop Nutrition category and this has 
been growing quite nicely. It is area of focus for us. 
 
 
Last year I think we did about Rs.145-odd crore and we are outlooking at 
least 20% growth in this category even during the current year. We've 
added products in this category, Mycorrhizal type of products. We've 
added bio stimulants. We've added some new products to this category. 
And we will also be coming up with certain products related with the 
mobilization of NPK from the soil during the course of this year, if not for 
Kharif next year. So there is a very focused plan that we have on this 
category and we see it as a future growth engine. 
 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
And sir, how fast could we have higher teen ROE, ROCE metrics in 
Rallis? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, our ROCE in the short-term, obviously, is under pressure for the 
fact that we are investing in newer capacities, which will take some time 
to start delivering the full returns and also we spoke about that the 
working capital is at an elevated level. However, if you ask us our 
ambition, our ambition is definitely to be in high double-digit in terms of 
ROCE. 
 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
 
Would it be possible like 3.5 years then? 

 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It's difficult to give a time horizon, but as the capacities start getting used 
up, the ROCEs will progressively keep improving. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
And we will also keep investing further. We have so far committed only 
about Rs.550 crore out of our Rs.800 odd crore. So our intention is to 
keep investing in manufacturing capacity as well. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant Capital.   
 
Yogesh Tiwari:  
My first question is basically on the Brazilian market. If you can give me 
an approximate list of the product mix between herbicides and 
insecticides for the Brazilian market? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So   for us, the biggest product that we export into the Brazil market is 
Acephate and we have got registration for our Metribuzin formulated 
product in the Brazilian market. So Acephate is moving fairly well and our 
formulated herbicide formulation has also started picking up quite nicely. 
We see expansion of that in the next few years. We've also got 
registration of a formulated Acephate product where we will be starting 
business now. 
 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Sure. So it's like Acephate, we have already started. Metribuzin will take 
time. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No, no. Acephate, technically, we are already selling. Metribuzin 
formulation, we have started and Acephate formulation, we will be 
starting. 
 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Okay. So there is some pricing pressure in the Brazilian market. So is it 
like there's more pricing pressure on insecticides versus herbicides? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
I think it is hard to generalize like this. Certainly, from our point of view, in 
our portfolio, like Sanjiv mentioned, insecticide is the dominant portion. 
Metribuzin formulation, which we are selling will constitute very small 
proportion of the total revenues that we make from Brazil. We are 
witnessing pricing pressures in Acephate. 
 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And one last question on the Crop Nutrition business. So just to 
understand, if the margins on the Crop Nutrition business would be in 
line with the overall company margin or it would be higher? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I think, generally, they will trend a little higher than the overall margins . 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec Capital.   
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Just looking at this changing backdrop between the domestic market and 
international, if you can give us a sense that what is the current margin 
differential between both the businesses? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It is hard to, call out that what is a specific margin difference because it 
depends on the products that we're selling. But overall, yes, the margins 

 
are slightly lower in the international market versus domestic market. But 
as and when we start improving our share of formulation business, we 
expect the margins to gradually improve. 
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay, and   secondly, in the international business, what is the current 
split of revenues between our own branded formulations, the contract 
manufacturing that we have recently started developing and the legacy 
business? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
On the contract manufacturing, we will not give that split, but just 
generally, we are trying to build our formulation   business in the export 
business portfolio. So, that is about 20% of our export business is 
currently formulated products. 
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. So, 20% is formulated. And is there any other split that you can 
share between the 80% of the export business? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I think we will limit it at that, Aditya, because we don't have too much 
opportunity or too much business in contract manufacturing. So splitting 
it may be a little problematic for us. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshita Shah from Antique Broking.   
 
Darshita Shah: 
So, I just had one question regarding the EBITDA of the Seeds business. 
I wanted to understand what would the provisioning look like for the 
second half of the year for FY'23? And also what kind of EBITDA or the 
EBITDA loss that we have currently? What is the quantum of loss? If you 
could provide some range or some take for the years coming, as in for 
FY'26 or FY'25, if you could provide some range? And for the second 
half of the year, what is the kind of provisioning are we seeing? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, firstly, we do not give forward-looking estimates. It's difficult to give 
what the EBITDA would be. But Q3 and Q4 for Seeds is relatively 
smaller for us. And hence, if you look at even the historical trends, you 
would have seen that we made loss during this period because the 
revenues are very small. And because of the cost it comes as a loss. 
And on top of it, as we mentioned, we are looking at a complete review 
of all the costs and there could be some additional provisions that maybe 
necessitated as a part of this exercise. 
 
Darshita Shah: 
Is there any number in mind? I guess the first half it was about Rs.25 
crore. So is there any guidance that you can give me from this number? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
No, we are working towards it, because we have taken whatever was 
required at this point of time as part of Q2. So, we've already absorbed 
that hit, but we are working through the numbers and we'll come back 
maybe, say, sometime later. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang.   
 
S. Ramesh: 
So, we heard the growth numbers in Metribuzin at 60% and 
Pendimethalin at 20%, and you are having a plan to set up an MPP. So 

 
in terms of the international business, what is the headroom you have in 
Metribuzin and Pendimethalin in terms of available capacity not utilized? 
And secondly, can you give us some sense in terms of what is the kind 
of revenue or additional tonnage you can sell from the MPP, which will 
be useful for us to build that into our model? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, the MPP, as you'd be aware that we are going to be doing a couple 
of products there, including the contract manufacturing products that we 
have. We will be starting small as expected because of the need for 
registration and all, which has already commenced. So we will see the 
revenue coming from the MPP a little later in FY'24, '25 and scale up 
only thereafter. As far as Pendimethalin is concerned and Metri is 
concerned, you will be aware that we had sort of separated these two 
plants and made individual plants for Pendi as well as Metri. The net 
result is that we've landed up with getting, I would say, low-cost 
debottlenecking happening. So we have now good headroom in 
Metribuzin plant, as well as the ability to scale up even the Pendimethalin 
capacity with minimal investment. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge 
Capital.   
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just on the domestic business, the manner in which the Crop Protection 
business has moved, how would you rate the on the ground situation this 
year versus, say, the situation last year or the year before? That's one. 
Number two, in terms of your receivables for your exports business, if 
you could give us the number of days that were probably, say, on 30th 
September last year and what would that figure be on 30 September 
2022? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, in terms of on-ground domestic business between this year and last 
year, I think I would say that it is more or less similar. If you will recall, 
last Kharif also there was this whole issue about consumption because 
of the way the rainfall was playing out. In a way, the same thing has 
played out even this year. Last year, we have seen a fairly large roll-over 
of inventory into H2. And it is our assessment that there's going to be a 
lot of rollover of inventory of all agrochemical companies into H2 as well. 
So there is going to be a considerable amount of pressure in terms of 
liquidation of agrochemicals in the market. 
 
What is good is that the ground level activities, at least for us is at a very 
good level in terms of engagement with the farmers and engagement 
with the trade, something that we had sort of dialed down last year 
because of the pandemic situation, which is not playing out this year at 
all. So our ability to engage at the field level, farmer level and distributor 
level, etc , is much better this year for us. And I guess for the other 
players as well. So that is, I would say, similar to what was there last 
year, but in way different. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
On the international customers, you asked that what is the impact of the 
debtors days on hand. So as we said, there is one impact of the higher 
proportion of sales plus the mix of customers, plus the discounting that 

 
we have stopped for one of our key customers. So I would say that it is 
at least 30% to 40% days on hand is higher compared to the previous 
year. So there is a significant increase in debtors that you have seen 
coming on account of that. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Faisal Zubair Hawa from H.G. Hawa 
and Company.   
 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
How is it that we can create better value for the shareholder because we 
are now being quoted at a market cap to sales of almost 1.4x, which is 
like a commodity valuation, whereas what we are doing is clearly not a 
commodity? And secondly, as far as patents are concerned, how many 
patents do we feel that will come in our favor in the next 1 or 2 years? 
And how is the Metahelix acquisition really helping us in gaining more 
patents over the last 2 to 3 years? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
So in terms of the first question, I think from an operational standpoint, 
we are focused on trying to improve the performance metrics and 
whether it is in terms of revenue, profitability or return on capital 
employed and we think that that is the way 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
We would work towards improving the shareholder value. As you know, 
we also have a fairly large Capex program, which is underway, Rs.550 
crore out of the Rs.800 crore that we have announced. We have already 
committed or even invested and the balance is yet to go. So therefore, 
we would be utilizing the cash generated in the business for investment 
in the business and apart dividend. With respect to patents, the number 
of patents that we have and how much we are expecting, maybe we can 
get back to you in terms of the number of patents that we have.   
 
With regard to the seeds operation, yes, there are a few patents that we 
have in the seeds operation also. However, as you know, in the last year, 
couple of years, you can say we are finding that there is a need for us to 
get the operations of the Seeds business improved in terms of 
profitability. And that is what we are focused on. We have had some 
challenges in terms of inventory levels. We have had certain other 
challenges, which we are working through. So that is really the focus 
right now and that is why we are having the kind of provisioning and so 
on that we are going through at this point in time. But Seed business, we 
are confident that we will come through this phase and we should have 
some good outcomes over a period of time. 
 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
And sir, this new Rs.850 crore Capex, will it yield to around Rs.1,000 
crore revenue 2 years in? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, some of this has already got commissioned out of this Rs.850 crore 
and as Sanjiv mentioned, some of the bottlenecking had happened at 
lower cost, which has already started yielding in terms of returns. But 
Rs.850 crore to Rs.1,000 crore correlation is difficult to establish 
because the investments are across in different pockets. 
 

 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
And what is our capacity utilization in this quarter 2 at all the plants 
combined? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Well, for example, our Acephate plant, the utilization is 100%. 
Pendimethalin has been pretty much close to about 90%. Hexaconzole 
has been slightly lower because of a lot of inventory of Hexaconzole in 
the Vietnam and Chinese markets. So, the utilization there has been a 
little lower. Contract manufacturing plant has been practically running 
well. So we are getting a good utilization in the contract manufacturing 
facility. PEKK has been shut for the last 2 years and we will be restarting 
the plant in Q4 because some orders have started now coming back for 
this polymer PEKK. So that's a good sign, a positive sign for one of the 
other products which is important for us in our CM portfolio. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Somaiah V. from Spark Capital.  
 
Somaiah V: 
Sir, what would be our current Pendimethalin and Metribuzin capacity in 
metric tonnes? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
So Pendimethalin would be close to 5,000 tonnes per year and 
Metribuzin close to 3,000 tonnes per year. 
 
Somaiah V: 
And also one follow-up on that. In terms of Pendimethalin and 
Metribuzin, I mean, we have been doing this RM backward integration, 
can you just give some color between these two molecules? To what 
level is the backwardation done? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
So as far as Pendimethalin is concerned, what we are doing is we have 
entered into a long-term supply arrangement with an Indian manufacturer 
of the raw material. At this point in time, their plant is coming on stream, 
but we are getting about 15% to 20% of our requirement from them. We 
do expect that, that would trend upwards to 70%, 80% of the 
requirement. As far as Metribuzin is concerned, we are presently still 
dependent on imports. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as this was the last question for 
today, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thank you. Thanks for all the questions. And I trust we were able to 
provide clarity to our Q2 results. And whilst we've had a satisfactory 
performance during the first half of the year, external challenges, as we 
mentioned are on the increasing side because of some drought 
conditions and also inventory levels. Our international business has had 
a good run till date. However, because of the drought conditions being 
experienced in many parts of the world, there is an increasing customer 
skepticism and even we are seeing some overhang of inventory as well 
as we discussed. We will continue to pursue all efforts to drive maximum 
utilization of our plants and get volume-led growth, with price growth 
going to become a challenge as we see it. 
 

 
On the positive side, Rabi augurs well and the crop prices are also quite 
favorable. For seeds, H2 is relatively a small period for us. And the 
priority for us in our Seeds business is really to focus on Kharif hybrid 
seed production and the market development activities for a good Kharif 
season next year. So, we are trying to review all areas of cost and 
optimize them to develop a more focused and agile Seeds business. 
 
In the process of this review, there could be costs related to inventory 
and other items, for which there may be a requirement of provisioning, 
which we will continue to assess during the course of the year. Our long-
term strategy of driving competitive growth remains on track and we will 
keep reviewing all opportunities as relevant. With that, we'll close the call 
now and wish you all a very safe and prosperous Diwali. All the very 
best. 
 
  
