Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Regd. Office: #53/1-4, Hosur Main Road, Madivala,  
Bengaluru-560068, Karnataka, India  
CIN of the Co. L72900KA2011PLC057931 
P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700 
Website: www.happiestminds.com 
Email: investors@happiestminds.com
October 26, 2022 
Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Stock Code: 543227 
Listing & Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: HAPPSTMNDS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 21, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second amendment) Regulations, 
2021, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held on October 21, 2022 post 
announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 
30, 
2022. 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
https://www.happiestminds.com/investors 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Praveen Kumar Darshankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F6706 
DARSHANKAR 
PRAVEEN KUMAR
Digitally signed by DARSHANKAR 
PRAVEEN KUMAR 
Date: 2022.10.26 10:23:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
                  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHOK SOOTA - EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
                                             MR. JOSEPH ANANTHARAJU - EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN AND CEO OF PRODUCTION 
ENGINEERING SERVICES 
                                             MR. VENKATRAMAN NARAYANAN - MD AND CFO 
                                             MR. RAJIV SHAH - PRESIDENT AND CEO OF 
DIGITAL BUSINESS SERVICES 
                                             MR. RAM MOHAN - PRESIDENT AND CEO, 
INFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT AND SECURITY 
SERVICES 
                                             MR. AUROBINDO NANDA - PRESIDENT, 
OPERATIONS AND DEPUTY CEO, PRODUCT 
ENGINEERING SERVICES  
                                             MR. SRIDHAR MANTHA - CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER 
                                             MR. SUNIL GUJJAR - HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
                                             MR. PRAVEEN DARSHANKAR - COMPANY 
SECRETARY AND HEAD OF LEGAL 
MODERATOR:                 MANIK TANEJA - JM FINANCIAL  
 
 
 
 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
                                              
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference 
Call of Happiest Minds Technologies Limited, hosted by JM Financial. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manik Taneja. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you, Jaishree. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on 
the Q2 FY'23 earnings call of Happiest Minds Technologies Limited. On behalf of 
JM Financial Institutional Securities, I would like to thank the management of 
Happiest Minds for giving us the opportunity to host this earnings call. Today, we 
have with us Mr. Ashok Soota, Executive Chairman; Mr. Joseph Anantharaju, 
Executive Vice Chairman and CEO of Production Engineering Services; Mr. 
Venkatraman Narayanan, MD and CFO; Mr. Rajiv Shah, President and CEO of 
Digital Business Services; Mr. Ram Mohan, President and CEO, Infrastructure 
Management and Security Services; Mr. Aurobindo Nanda, President, Operations 
and Deputy CEO, Product Engineering Services; Mr. Sridhar Mantha, Chief 
Technology Officer; Mr. Sunil Gujjar, Head of Investor Relations; Mr. Praveen 
Darshankar, Company Secretary and head of Legal. 
 
I will hand over the call to Sunil for safe harbor statement and to take the 
proceedings forward. Thank you. Over to Mr. Sunil. 
 
Sunil Gujjar: 
Thank you, Manik. A very good morning to all. Welcome to this conference call to 
discuss the financial results for the second quarter ended September 30, 2022. We 
trust all of you are keeping well and staying safe. I'm Sunil, Head of Investor 
Relations. The financial statements, quarterly fact sheet and press release are 
available on our website for your review. The agenda for this call is as follows, 
Ashok will begin the call by sharing his perspectives on the business environment 
and our results; Venkat and Joseph will then speak about our financial performance 
and operational highlights. After which, we will have the floor open for Q&A. 
 
Before I hand over, let me begin with the safe harbor statement. During the call, we 
could make forward-looking statements. These statements consider the environment 
we see as of today and carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the 
actual results could be different. We do not undertake to update those statements 
periodically. 
 
Now let me pass it on to Ashok. 
 
Ashok Soota: 
Thank you, Manik and Sunil. Good morning to all of you. I am proud and happy to 
share that in all parameters of revenue growth, EBITDA and others, Happiest Minds 
continues to be number one or number two amongst all listed companies who have 
so far declared results. Our EBITDA margin is only behind  one company in the top 
ten IT services companies. Moreover, for ten quarters in a row we have delivered 
more than 25% EBITDA, indicating the consistency of our earnings and the strength 
of our value proposition. 
 
During this quarter, we completed two years of being a listed company. I would like 
to express my gratitude to all the stakeholders for their continued trust and 
confidence placed in us. We won the prestigious Golden Peacock Award for 
Excellence in Corporate Governance for the year 2022 within two years of our IPO. 
This is a validation from the institution of directors of our efforts over the years to 
build an institution for our stakeholders with a very strong foundation. 
 
To address the growing needs of our customers and in line with our strategic 
expansion plans, we have increased our capacity across our delivery centers. This 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
includes purchase of an additional facility in Bangalore, expanding our center at 
Noida and our Bhubaneswar center is expected to be operational by end of 
November. In the US, we have two new offices in New Jersey and Seattle. This 
unprecedented expansion of our delivery capacity is an indication of our confidence 
in sustaining future growth, in-line with our articulated vision statement. The 
demand environment continues to be strong, and we will continue to focus on 
initiatives that further give impetus to our already strong organic muscle. 
 
I'd like to give all of you best wishes for Deepavali. and I will now hand over to 
Venkat, who will give you all the numbers to support my above statement. Thank 
you. 
 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
Thanks Ashok. Good morning to you all on the call. Happy to be presenting a good 
set of numbers for our second quarter of FY '23. It's been a good quarter and a good 
half year from all fronts. In dollar terms, our revenues were at about $44.3 million, 
showing a sequential growth of 5% and a year-over-year growth of 23.8%. Our 
growth in constant currency was 5.7% on a sequential basis and 26.5% on Y-o-Y . 
With this quarter, we've had 9 successive quarters of 5% plus growth in dollar terms.  
In rupees, our total revenues for the quarter were about ₹359 crores, showing a 
sequential growth of 8.9% and year-over-year growth of 31.1%. 
 
Our EBITDA for the quarter was ₹ 94 crores, which is 26.3% of total revenues. And 
as Ashok referred, we are one of the top listed IT services companies with respect to 
this number and the growth parameters that I talked about. Volume growth, 
operating leverage in terms of better utilization, rate increase, increase in other 
income and a favorable exchange rate helped us set off a large part of the pay 
increase that came in this quarter, while helping to maintain our profitability levels, 
hence deliver the above margins. 
 
With this quarter, we have had ten successive quarters of which EBIDTA is 25% 
plus. So that's an interesting metric that we'll be putting forward. We ended the 
quarter with profit before tax of about ₹ 80 crores, which is about 22.3% of revenues 
compared to ₹ 76 crores and 22.9% of revenues in the previous quarter. Profit after 
tax was 16.5% and about ₹ 59 crores compared to the 17.1% and ₹ 56 crore in the 
previous quarter. EPS was at ₹ 4.09, showing a sequential growth of 5.4% and a Y-
o-Y growth of 33.7%. Our effective tax rate has remained steady at 25.5% over the 
quarters. 
 
A few highlights of our performance for the first half of the year are, dollar revenues 
stand at about $86.6 million, showing a growth of 25.5% on a year-over-year basis. 
Operating income in rupees was about ₹ 684 crore versus ₹ 509 crore for the 
previous half year, showing a growth of 34.4%. EBITDA was ₹ 182 crore versus ₹ 
16 crore, showing a growth of 33.6%. So, you can see good growth in revenues, total 
income and consequently EBITDA. 
 
Our performance in the first half of FY'23 has shown significant growth in revenues 
and profits and is in line with the annual guidance of 25% plus that we had stated 
earlier. Some of the operational highlights on our performance for the quarter while 
supply side constraints remain, our attrition numbers have started slowly trending 
down. And on an LTM basis, it stands at about 23.5% compared to the 24.4% in the 
previous quarter. 
 
Our attempt to keep these numbers in check and trending downwards is what we will 
be continuously focused on as we move forward. Utilization levels continue to be 
high and was at 80.6% compared to 79.1% in the prior quarter. Like we have 
mentioned earlier, we would like to ideally keep this in the range of 78% plus, but 
however, as you know, supply and demand situation has warranted us to have this 
utilization run at the high levels of 80% plus. 
 
We have added 393 Happiest Minds during the quarter on a net basis. This number 
had a decent number of campus hires, which is about 247, who joined us this quarter. 
Our diversity metric was at 27.6% of women Happiest Minds compared to the 26% 
in the previous quarter. As you know, this is a number that we focus on, and it finds 
its way in our vision statement as well. 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Revenue share of verticals has shown increase in almost all the verticals, except for a 
slight drop in retail and industrial. The primary reason for this has been completion 
of projects with a couple of large customers that we have been dealing with. Repeat 
business continues to be 91% of our revenues, and this stands testimony for the land 
and expand strategy that we have been following with our customers. We ended the 
quarter with about 40 million-dollarcustomers and count amongst them about 54 
billion corporations who have revenues of more than $1 billion. That means we have 
got 40 million customers and a total of 220-plus customers and out of which about 
54 corporations have revenues of more than $1 billion and essentially large 
corporations. We continue to generate healthy cash flows. And for the quarter, free 
cash flow was about ₹ 86 crores, which is about 90% of our reported EBITDA. 
 
As mentioned on the call last quarter, we have deployed about ₹ 128 crores in the 
purchase of office space in Bangalore, funded primarily through long-term fixed rate 
debt of ₹120 crores. Looking at the interest rates today, the fixed rate of 4.2% on the 
loan makes the deal very sweet. We have significant other operating leverages 
coming out of the transaction, and I had covered this in detail on the last call. And it 
also lends itself as a natural hedge to us. The impact of this loan and this purchase is 
positive from a P&L standpoint, on a cash flow impact standpoint versus a rental 
arrangement that we would have ideally had for this building. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter stood at ₹ 670 crores and our 
capital return ratios continues to be very healthy. Return on capital employed at the 
half year stands at 35.2% and return on equity stands at about 31.3% . Happy to say 
that keeping in line with our progressive dividend policy and capital allocation 
discussions, the Board of Directors of the company have declared an interim 
dividend of ₹ 2 per equity share with a record date of November 3, 2022. Cash 
outflow on this count will be about ₹ 29 crores. 
 
Finally, as you may have read in the press, the Board of Directors of the company at 
its meeting held on October 5, 2022, has approved and enabling resolution to raise 
capital of amount not exceeding ₹ 1,400 crores. We have now reached out to our 
shareholders for their consent and the postal ballot process is in progress. Post 
shareholders' approval, the Board and our designated committee of the Board will 
decide the next course. The main use of funds will be to fund our inorganic growth 
aspirations of the company. Ashok did briefly touch upon the Golden Peacock 
Award that we were awarded this quarter. Extremely proud to say that we have been 
able to win this at such a young stage of growth of our company. 
 
With this, I conclude my commentary, wishing all of the participants on the call a 
very Happy Diwali and Dhanteras. I'll now turn it over to Joseph for his comments. 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Thank you, Venkat. A very good morning to all. We continue our march with a 
strong set of numbers, which reflect our ability to grow profitably and at scale. 
Growth cut across business units, centers of excellence, geos and verticals, reflecting 
the relevance of our services to our customers. We are executing bold programs for 
our customers in their journey to drive growth, cost optimization or both and to build 
a resilient enterprise. Our proven land and expand strategy is helping us make deep 
inroads into our customers' digital journey by increasing our wallet share, which is 
validated by our average revenue per customer, consistently trending up. In the 
reported quarter, it is at $812,000 compared to $783,000 a year ago. 
 
Our three business units, Product Engineering Services, Digital Business Services 
and Infrastructure and Security Services between them serve 226 customers, out of 
which 55 are billion dollar enterprises, with 40 customers contributing more than $1 
million in revenue. Through an efficient sales organization and sound account 
management practices, we're able to seamlessly take our offerings across these three 
business units, resulting in 42% of revenues being cross Business Unit. Enterprises 
are running compressed transformational initiatives leveraging the power of digital. 
For a U.S.-based food retailer, we have been chosen as a strategic partner in their 
journey to drive e-commerce initiatives. 
Our customers are deploying outstanding customer experiences across various touch 
points to increase customer confidence, happiness, brand loyalty and advocacy. For 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
example, an Europe-based mature startup in the real estate tech has chosen us to 
enhance their digital platform to map their entire customer journey from sales to 
aftermarket. Cybersecurity continues to be more important than ever. Through our 
integrated security capabilities from identity to threat intelligence to manage security 
services, we're helping our customers intelligently assess, manage, detect and 
respond to cyber risk. For example, a leading fashion clothing and accessories brand 
in the ANZ region chose us to assess their cybersecurity risk, identify threats and 
gaps and implement remedial measures. 
 
Our breadth and depth of capabilities help us to drive value across customers' 
business lines. For example, using intelligent automation and superior data 
visualization techniques, we're able to help a US based global energy company drive 
efficiency and take timely decisions across their strategic lines of business. Digital 
most often than not is a force multiplier for enterprises. An impactful  proof of 
concept(PoC) engagement done for a business unit, can soon open doors for much 
larger engagement within the customer's ecosystem. 
 
For example, this FMCG major chose us to implement Microsoft Power Automate 
platform in its Southeast Asian territory to automate the order entry and purchase 
acquisition processes based on our success in other regions with the same customer. 
Our compelling people engagement program and the vibrant carrier paths that we 
provide offers a value proposition that is unmatched. During the quarter, we 
welcomed 393 new Happiest Minds which includes 247 campus graduates. Great 
Place to Work institute has yet again recognized us in the top 50 best workplace for 
women, and we are ranked 68th among best workplaces in Asia. 
 
We have grown to 4,500plus smart and innovative Happiest Minds, who are adding 
tremendous value to our clients for their strategic initiatives. We're also continuously 
evaluating acquisition opportunities to fill gaps in our offerings, strengthen our focus 
in the markets we operate and position us on the leading edge of technology. 
 
Coming to the macro, technology permeates every part of our customers' business. 
They are accelerating growth and transformation agendas while continuing to build a 
strong digital core to drive agility, efficiency and resilience. So, in spite of a longer 
than usual inflationary period and extended geopolitical conflicts causing a little bit 
of anxiety, demand remains strong and as of today, has not resulted in any major 
curtailment of spend, nor any postponement of projects. Our strategy will be to keep 
a close watch on the market to anticipate our customers' needs in advance, enhance 
any needed technical and domain capabilities and be our customers' partner from 
strategy to execution, to solve their business problems and seize market opportunities 
while remaining laser focused on quality delivery. 
 
With this, I conclude my commentary, best wishes to all for Deepavali. Operator, we 
can open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Karan Danthi from Jetha Global. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Karan Danthi: 
Could you explain what proportion of projects are related to cost takeout or 
optimization? Because that seems to be where incremental projects are coming from 
based on what your peers are saying. I just want to understand what that proportion 
is? The second question would be if you think about your customer base and the 
exposures you have and how you're growing, certainly, there's some customers, i.e., 
start-ups, which see some headwinds, some enterprises in Europe as well, maybe. 
And then there are other customers where digital spending will be the last thing they 
cut. So, if you could just frame a little bit of, puts and takes across your customer 
base, that would be helpful. 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
So we’ve not been tracking our revenues across cost takeout andgrowth and other 
areas, because for several of our customers, some of these initiatives are actually 
contiguous especially if you look at the midsized customers. We're not being 
differentiating or tracking this. But in terms of start-ups and Europe enterprise, our 
exposure to start-ups is on the lower side, probably would be in the single-digit as a 
percentage. So, the impact has not been much. 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
In the Product Engineering Service space, most of the customers that we work with 
are either midsized product and platform companies or most of them are larger 
product companies, which has been a strategic choice that we've made because the 
spends with these customers is much larger. We do have a few start-ups that we 
work with and the impact out there has been minimal. In terms of Europe, we get 
around 10%. This quarter, it was 9.5% or so of revenues from Europe. We've seen a 
little bit of a lengthened sales cycle out there. But given that our exposure to Europe 
is in the single digits, again, we've not really had much of an impact. Rajiv, do you 
want to add anything, Rajiv? 
 
Rajiv Shah: 
Yes, a couple of things. Karan, if you look at what we serve our customers is driving 
the digital transformation in their entire ecosystem, which into product build, to 
integrate, to run digital-ready applications. So, it's really thinking about utilization of 
new technologies, adoption of new technologies or disruptive technologies which 
really help them drive the change in their business model as well as their approach to 
the customer. So that I think that's first part of the question. But when you look at 
some of the newer investments we have made in the areas of low-code environment, 
which looks at how do we help you reduce your not only get your platform out in the 
market faster but in the long run, it reduces your support and maintenance cost as 
well. 
 
So it's not really a cost takeout, but it's a cost optimization activities that we get 
involved in by implementing new sets of technologies and new sets of disruptive 
digital-ready platforms in their environment. Specific to Europe, I think that our 
large accounts which continue to grow, and we continue to see the momentum. But 
at the same time, the sales cycle are a little bit longer and continues to be a 
cautiously optimistic market for the entire IT services industry. 
 
Karan Danthi: 
That's very helpful. Maybe just a quick sub follow-up on the low-code, no-code. Are 
you building proprietary platform?  
 
Rajiv Shah: 
 We have set a setup a center of expertise for a low-code environment as part of our 
digital process automation initiative. And within that, we tend to use a set of 
technologies, whether it's Microsoft platforms, Outsystems, etc., but the approach we 
have taken is, how can we look at the current environment that they have or current 
initiatives that they have, re-look  in helping them build  those platforms out in the 
market earlier than what they had planned for, help them reduce their support and 
maintenance cost. So yes, we do have set of technologies that we work with, at the 
same time, it is a change management and consultative engagement that we go 
through to truly identify the opportunities. Because some of the applications will not 
be ready for low code kind of an environment. 
 
Moderator: 
 We have our next question from the line of Manik Taneja from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Just wanted to pick up Ashok's thoughts on the fact that right now, everybody is 
worried about the macro volatility. And given the experience of what we've seen in 
2008-09, do you think a company of our size and the fact that we have spread 
ourselves across multiple verticals as well as multiple segments players like us may 
be at a disadvantage if customers look at vendor consolidation exercises? The second 
question was with regards to our long-term aspiration of getting to $1 billion in 
revenues how much of that essentially bakes inorganic component given the recent 
development on raising outside capital? 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
So I'll take the first part, and I'll ask Venkat to chime in on the second part of your 
question, Manik. The fact that we are operating in multiple verticals in a way acts as 
a risk mitigation and diversification. If you notice, we've not gotten to every vertical. 
We prioritize some verticals within the ones that we are currently focusing on and 
reporting where we built much deeper capability and expertise. 
 
Now going to the risk from consolidation, if not for all of our customers, we are an 
integral part of their digital transformation journey. With many of them we start off 
working in a very early phase of their digital journey, helping them with some of 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
their proof of concepts, validations, figuring out the right kind of technology stack. 
Therefore, we are an integral part to understand what they're trying to achieve.  
Therefore, the risk from a consolidation exercise carried out is much lower, given 
that we are critical to their journey. Venkat, do you want to take the second part of 
the question? 
 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
Yes. So Manik, if you recollect, we have talked about the 20% organic growth for 
the medium term and then maybe 15% after that in the previous quarters. And then 
the last quarter, we then decided to merge both organic and inorganic and said that 
we want to grow 25% for the next “x” number of years so that we can touch that $1 
billion number. So the difference between the 20%, 15% organic growth and the 
25% consolidated growth over the next “x” number of years by 2031 to reach the $1 
billion number has to come in through acquisitions. 
 
And if my numbers are right, if we had done about 20%, followed by 15% for the 
next 3 or 4 years, we would have touched a number of something like $750 million, 
$780 million by 2031. So effectively, if we had to make that aspirational number of 
$1 billion, we would have had to add about $250 million in the last year of the 10-
year horizon or the 10-year period that we are talking about through inorganic 
means, which means, we have to acquire one or two companies or maybe even more 
or it could be good bolt-ons, which will add to that number over this period from 
today to 2031. Does that answer your question, Manik? 
 
Ashok Soota: 
Can I just add a little bit also, Venkat, has given quite a lot of information. I think, 
Manik, as you know, an acquisition is a lumpy process in the sense it will add a solid 
amount of revenue. It may happen in one year. It may not happen in the next. 
Though we've increased our guidance to 25%,fact is that all of the current year's 
growth is really organic. So, I don't think that we can make that artificial distinction. 
There will be a fair share of acquisition, and there will be continued strong organic 
muscle growth. So basically, that's the way we are working. And in that way, we will 
certainly keep in mind our vision, which we expect to achieve. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. And if I can prod you a little bit on that acquisition pursuit, if you could help 
us understand what are the kind of targets that you're looking at? What are the 
typical revenue or margin trajectory for the targets that you're looking at? And then 
subsequently, I have a couple of follow-up questions related to the operating 
performance of the quarter. 
 
Ashok Soota: 
Venkat, I guess, on this question, we really can't make any forward-looking 
statements, but you can address it please? 
 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
Right. The first question, we are looking at pure digital assets, like in, Salesforce, 
areas of security, certain key verticals into which we would like to grow further and 
maybe there are horizontal technologies, which will serve to certain key verticals, 
like Pimcore was for us when we did that acquisition a couple of years back. 
 
So that's the area that we are looking at, and it will be pure play digital capabilities, 
digital assets because we don't want to dilute our positioning, which is about 97%, 
98% digital business that we are doing today. That's on the identification of the 
target. There is one more angle to it, Geography. We are looking at companies, U.S., 
Europe, India. If there is capabilities on the deliveries front, U.S. companies with 
India or, let's say, offshore delivery capabilities, it could be in India, it could be in 
Philippines or it could be in another area from the offshore delivery capabilities are 
typically built. Same thing goes for the U.K. We are not looking at pure play 100% 
in on-site companies as of now, but I think that is something (like Ashok mentioned) 
as we progress, we could look at it in course. So that's on the landscape of targets 
that we are looking at. We are working very closely with sell-side bankers, buy-side 
bankers on this internally, and we've also appointed bankers for that purpose. So 
that's something on the acquisition front. 
 
With regard to profitability, we have been delivering 26%  EBITDA numbers. So, 
when we look at acquisitions, we'll be mindful of the fact that we do not want to 
dilute that too much. Obviously, there are puts and takes on that. If it adds 
capabilities, you are willing to and there is a huge growth possibility, you have to 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
factor that. So, it's not that we are stuck to the 26% number, but we also do not want 
to take a loss-making company where we need to turn around the operations and the 
like from there. Thus, we're looking for capabilities of strategic imperatives when we 
make an acquisition, and that's what will drive us forward when we look at 
companies. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Karan Danthi from Jetha Global. Please go ahead. 
 
Karan Danthi: 
 I'd love to understand why you win business. It'd be helpful to understand what is 
the reason you win digital business vis-a-vis your peers? Is it specific competencies, 
which are hard to recreate elsewhere? I just want to understand what are these 
dynamics that justify you as a pure play versus being as part of a large organization? 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Karan, in different scenarios, there are different reasons, but some of the reasons 
why we went digital business from our customer is that the strategieshas really 
worked well for us is the The land and expand strategy and as I alluded in my 
previous response, with many of our customers, we get involved in the early stages 
of your digital journey, and its here that some of our strengths really play out well. 
 
The focus that we have on the digital space and the depth that we have in digital 
technologies allows us to help our customers to bridge the gap between their 
business, objectives, and the technology landscape. And being a relatively smaller 
company and being a born digital born agile company, we're able to be very nimble 
in how we work with them and adapt to their compulsion. 
 
And once we've established ourselves as a partner of choice and they take these 
initiatives into implementation phase, we become the partner that they go along with. 
So, depth in digital technologies, the agility, the quality of our people both in terms 
of the technical capabilities and their attitude as borne out by in the “Happiest People 
Happiest customers” mission, and off late the domain capabilities that we've been 
building up and the consulting approach that we take to our customers is what has 
allowed us to compete in the marketplace and win business. 
 
Ram Mohan C: 
Yes. Adding to that, Joseph, I just want to give a couple of other points. Our focus in 
terms of agile infrastructure are in terms of multi-cloud adaptations or multi-cloud 
management and migrations and full circle security, right? And these are some of the 
areas which we specialize in, apart from analytics or digital process automation. And 
those also puts us a little bit ahead as a specialized service provider capability. 
 
Rajiv Shah: 
To say a couple of things as well. So I think that one area that makes us unique is our 
ability to invest ahead of the forecast, as all of us appreciate the technology 
disruptions are taking place at a much faster pace. So how much ahead of forecast 
that we have continued to invest to really help our customers take advantage. So like 
blockchain or drones or even a low-code environment, etc. we continue to invest 
quite aggressively before the real need is identified. The second one, I think, is really 
we continue to carry a high Net Promoter Scores customer satisfaction. So, a lot of 
our business comes from repeat set of customers, more than 92% of our business 
repeat customer. 
 
And the third aspect is customer referenceability. . We continue to get good 
references from our existing customers or customers who have moved to a new 
location or a new company, they continue to attract us as well. So we continue to 
deliver good stuff, continue to look at the investments ahead of the forecast and 
maintain the set of customer relationships, which help us well. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Nilesh Jethani from BOI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Sir, my first question is to understand on the acquisition piece. I don't need any 
specific numbers, but typically when we're looking out of the acquisition, what is the 
size in a broad range, can you explain? On similar lines, margins, I believe we are at 
a high number today. So, target would be at lower numbers. What would we do after 
acquisition in a year or two to scale up the margin? What's the thought process on 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
this? Because I would believe we have a decent size by ourselves, considering the 
number of ₹ 1,100 crore, ₹ 1,200 crore of planning to raise. 
 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
Yes. Nilesh, on acquisitions itself, we have been looking at the landscape available 
with the qualification criteria that I just talked about a couple of questions back. The 
company size(in revenues) is range from anywhere between $10 million to, let's say, 
it goes all the way up to $50 million or even $80 million. So that's the range at which 
we get targets nowadays. And digital assets typically tend to be slightly more 
expensive than your typical older technologies or traditional technologies. Both go 
hand in hand when you talk about the amount of money that needs to be deployed. 
So, one it's a digital asset and the size of the acquisition. 
 
Most of the companies that we are looking at, are in the range of 20% plus in terms 
of profitability, 20%- 21% profitability either on a standalone or on an adjusted 
basis. To answer your question, we are not getting any of those loss-making 
companies or the ones which require us to do a lot of turnaround and all of that. So 
that's the landscape. And the size is anywhere between $ 10 Mn to $ 50 Mn. And if 
you look at it, a $50 million company would require a little bit of outlay. And this 
money that we are seeking to raise is just maybe not for one acquisition. It would be 
kept aside, and we would do, let's say, one or two for that matter. 
 
The idea is to make sure that we raise capital ahead of time, be ready. It shows 
seriousness in the process. It also sends a signal out into the market. Second is also 
the need to ensure that we deploy that capital raise quickly enough to make sure that 
we don't hurt our return on capital employed or equity and all of that. And at the 
same time, also add to the business muscle that’s required. But while doing all of 
this, nobody is taking their eye off the organic growth. And like I’ve said in the past 
as well, that our organic muscle is distinctively stronger than most companies that 
are around when we are looking at acquisitions or when we look at other companies 
around us. 
 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it. And on the target, broadly wanted to understand. Today our offshore, on-site 
mix is skewed towards 95% and 5% broad range. So, if the target is more of a 
company into a foreign location, would we look to convert more offshore? Or we 
would make it run into an on-site location only going ahead also? If you, acquire a 
company in a foreign location? 
 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
That would be a strategy that will be laid out along with the acquired company, the 
target company. But what I have been saying in the past is this 95%-5% has 
happened because we are working on digital capabilities in an agile manner, which 
lends itself for lots of offshoring. That's not something of a number that we are 
married to. So tomorrow, if we get a great asset, which happens to be, let's say, 50%-
50% or 75%-25%, because it’s not 95%-5% or heavily leveraged to offshore, we will 
not say that is not something that we will not look at acquiring. So, what I'm trying 
to say is the number of 95%-5% is there, but it does not hold me from looking at a 
target, which is doing good profitable business, has growth capabilities, and along 
with us will grow to become a larger enterprise. 
 
But these are the things that we will look at rather than say what we have to look at 
the company, which has got 95%, and that is the metric that cannot be distorted. This 
is very similar to average. We were very proud of the fact that our average revenue 
per customer has been trotting up. We are at about $812,000 today. When you 
acquire a company with capabilities and with a set of customers, there is a possibility 
that number can go down. But that is not going to be the determinant for me to say 
that I can't acquire. The metrics are what we are putting out to show you or to 
display the capabilities, the land and expand that we are doing, but rather than that 
becoming a bottleneck for me to do an acquisition. It was a long answer, but I hope 
I've answered it. 
 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Yes. That was really helpful. Second question was on the high-tech segment. So, 
post two quarters of some degrowth, we have upside on that. So wanted to 
understand, a lot of IT companies are talking about some slowdown into the segment 
after a huge or very strong base of last year. From Happiest Minds perspective, 
where are we, how do we see this segment going forward? Is it one-off reversal? Or 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
you believe the strong base will keep impacting the growth rates? Any thought 
process on that? 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
If you see the high-tech vertical actually exhibited a strong growth in Q2, and we 
expect that this trend will continue. I know we did see Microsoft making an 
announcement, and there is some caution in this space, but we've not seen any 
pullback so far, except for some initiatives or programs get over and they reach a 
logical conclusion. And then the team size, obviously, gets reduced once the 
initiative is implemented. So far, we've not seen any signs of pullback in this 
segment because the end customers are still making investments and digitizing and 
moving their applications to the cloud, they're leveraging SaaS applications more 
than ever. 
 
They need to use analytics tools and move to adopt various big data platforms. All of 
those are playing out. You need to automate using some of the tools and frameworks 
available. All of these things are playing out. Security is a huge area and an 
opportunity for the high-tech space. In the last 1-1.5 years, we've signed up 3 or 4  
pretty large customers in the security space. So, the various parts of high-tech where 
there’s enough demand, and there continues to be spend. 
 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it. And one last question from my side across segment, be it from EduTech to 
manufacturing, industrial and the work we do, I believe digital is largely now core to 
most of the clients, but if I want to just bifurcate at the discretionary and non-
discretionary. I’m asking this because there's a thought process of impending 
recession going forward. Can you bifurcate or help me understand what percentage 
of overall revenues you can bucket into our discretionary and non-discretionary on a 
very broad scale? 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
See the very definition of discretionary and non-discretionary, this is a conversation 
we have internally and sometimes with the customers. That itself I think is 
undergoing a change. For most customers, their digital application and infrastructure 
has become core now. And in fact, what we are seeing is that customers are trying to 
pull money out of their BAU or business as usual technology and infrastructure 
landscape.in some cases, to fund their digitization journey. And therefore, the 
previous way of looking at discretionary, non-discretionary, I believe, has undergone 
a change. 
 
Nilesh Jethani: 
So, let me ask this question in a different way, over the last six months, have we seen 
any delays in conversation with clients or approvals for a particular project, because 
80%, 85% is repeat business to us. Any deferment what we have observed? 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Nothing that is out of the usual, right, even in the last few years, at times, you would 
have seen, based on the company and the business unit that you're working with, 
your performance. There would be sometimes when a project or initiative could get 
delayed by a few months or some, and very often, if it's slated to start, let's say, 
November or December, it could get pushed out into January. So those are the kind 
of things that we're seeing. As we've mentioned in both Ashok's and my initial 
comments, we've not seen any major pullback or delays of programs or initiatives. 
And in Europe, we're seeing a slightly lengthier sales cycle, which is understandable 
given some of the churn that you're seeing out there in that geo. But again, as Rajiv 
and I mentioned earlier, it's a smaller part of our business. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from the line of Manik Taneja from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Just wanted to get your thoughts around the fresher addition that we saw this quarter. 
It appears that the fresher addition was much lesser than what you had initially 
envisaged. So, if you could help us understand what drove that and also talk about 
the fresher hiring plan for second half of the year? And the second question was 
related to that. Despite such an overall net addition, what drove the higher 
utilization? 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Sure. As we mentioned in our press release, we've had 393 net additions out of 
which 247 are campus graduates. We would have liked this number to be a little 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
higher, but we did have a few dropouts. Our fresher addition is broken up into two 
categories. One is the campus hires. And we also go to finishing schools, especially 
on the IMSS, the infrastructure space where the skill set  required is a little different 
and specific. And in this quarter itself, we've had around 40 to 50 such freshers, who 
come from training schools inducted into the IMSS business unit. 
 
In addition to augment this, on a quarterly basis, depending on the kind of skills that 
we need, and which are deficit we go to finishing schools, we have a few of them 
that we work with, and we bring people on board which is what we would be doing 
over the next three months or so  as and when required.  The campus graduates that 
we brought on board are going through their induction and training program and 
would be available for absorption into projects by end of November. And the focus 
would be on ensuring that we are able to get them into projects, get them ramped up 
and billable. And if there's any deficit, we would go to the finishing schools. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Chirag Kacharia from Ashika 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Kacharia:  
Sir, I joined the call a bit late. So just again, if you can share like what are the macro-
economic conditions impacting your distribution with client and also the order intake 
process. Is there any delay or deferment you are facing at this moment? 
 
Rajiv Shah: 
Yes, Chirag, of course, we are closely watching the macroeconomic environment. 
But at the same time, I think that we continue to get involved with the customers, 
with the discussions on their digital transformation journey. There are pockets like 
Joseph highlighted, in Europe that there are some longer sales cycles compared to 
what it was earlier and rightfully so with all the changes that are taking place, which 
are happening on a real-time basis. 
 
But overall, we have not seen any significant change in the level of discussions that 
we are having with the customer or closing of the contracts or collecting money from 
the customers either. And nowhere in the contracts that we have been asked to even 
renegotiate the price. Instead, we have been able to go and get the higher rates for 
some of the specialized skills,. So overall, we continue to be cautious, at the same 
time, haven't seen real impact on drivers for our growth, which gets reflected in the 
numbers that we just presented. 
 
Chirag Kacharia:  
So, will it make any impact in the near-term target of the turnover, which we put like 
as a part of our strategy? 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
We will continue to hold on to whatever guidance that we have provided earlier. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Karan Danthi from Jetha Global. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Karan Danthi: 
Yes. I just very curious. There is this kind of top-down view if one thinks to it that 
software is a deflationary force. If we're going to get out of this inflation spiral, you 
sort of need investments. we're seeing some deal delays, but the composition of the 
deals, as you mentioned, you have low-code, no-code should support sustained levels 
of activity in certain areas. 
 
 Where are you seeing acceleration of interest and investment? And let's assume this 
environment does not change for the next 1.5 years, I hope it does, but let's assume it 
does not. Which pockets of software you think will attract investment and which 
pockets of software do you think will detract investment? 
 
Ashok Soota: 
If I may just say, I'm just saying you need more of an economist to respond to your 
question. It is very broad. Firstly, I must tell you I don't agree with you that it is a 
inflationary force. That is the starting point. Having said that, okay, let's go straight 
away into your second part of your question, which is what are the segments which 
will grow faster or which are the ones which are going to continue to attract more 
attention. 
 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
In a growing economy, frankly, everybody needs IT and its indispensable. It is 
wrong to think it's inflationary. It is bringing down costs all the time. Look at the 
gains that you get out of it versus the investments that you make. So, productivity 
improvement is far higher than any inflationary thing that you require. I do disagree 
with you on your observation. My short answer would be the every segment will 
continue to grow, and it's fairly evident what are the high-growth segments, but 
Joseph may want to add a little bit more and maybe even Rajiv. 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Sure. Again, I think there'll be two broad areas which will benefit IT service 
company, especially focused company like Happiest Minds. One is there continues 
to be a paucity of technical talent in most of the markets. And so that will continue to 
drive demand for services from companies like Happiest Minds. And the second is if 
this inflationary trend continues and customers must optimize their cost, they will 
look at offshoring as a way of still getting work done while managing their costs, 
both I think are pro-offshoring and in favor of a company like Happiest Minds. And 
again, within each industry, you will see specific areas that will draw attention. For 
instance, in the industrial space, most customers are looking at adding connectivity 
and looking at how to pull data out, how to have cloud platforms into which they can 
get this data and then post that, analytics becomes a huge piece. 
 
Some of them are a little more advanced in the journey, others are beginning their 
journey. At the same time, they're looking at how do they make their devices also 
more intelligent. So, the two broad trends over it. If you get into manufacturing, 
they're looking at how to digitize their plants, how to adopt some of the newer 
technologies, how to adopt things like e-commerce and then remote monitoring, just 
given the challenges they had in COVID. And I can get into other verticals. I'll take a 
couple of examples because each vertical has something specific that is being 
impacted by the digitization trends, which affords opportunities and that need to be 
done by customers. Rajiv, do you want to add anything,  
 
Rajiv Shah: 
Yes. So just a couple of things. I think that customers will continue to evolve new 
business models, and it's our responsible to continue to help them find new ways of 
doing things, right? While the technology landscape will continue to change, and I 
think just picking up Joseph's example on manufacturing, ERP was a standard flag 
bearer for a lot of organizations when they were establishing. But now we look at 
manufacturing or industrial or retail CPG world, connected devices, how to utilize 
data, etc. 
 
From that perspective, technology landscape or utilization of technology will 
continue to evolve. And within that, maybe specific set of technologies might 
become redundant and come into play. But our ability to continue to look at new 
ways of doing things and take advantage of the new technologies that's continues to 
be challenged. So just wanted to differentiate it, yes, the technology will have all 
shelf-life, but continue to innovate and finding ways for them to become more 
efficient and effective is not going to change. 
 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Manik Taneja for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you. On behalf of the entire team at JM Financial Institutional Securities, we 
would like to thank the management of Happiest Minds Technologies for giving us 
the opportunity to hold this call. I'm going to pass over to Sunil for any closing 
comments. Over to you, Sunil. 
 
Sunil Gujjar: 
Thanks, Manik. Thank you all for joining us today. We thank JM Financial 
Institutional Securities for hosting this call on our behalf. We look forward to 
interacting with you. You may want to reach out to me at ir@happiestminds.com. 
Best wishes to all for Dipawali. Good day. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Please Note: The transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the  
proceedings 
