DLF LIMITED     
DLF Gateway Tower, R Block,  
DLF City Phase – III, Gurugram – 122 002,  
Haryana (India)                                                                             
Tel.: (+91-124) 4396000, investor-relations@dlf.in 
 
   
 
Regd. Office: DLF Shopping Mall, 3rd Floor, Arjun Marg, DLF City, Phase-I, Gurgaon-122 002, India 
CIN: L70101HR1963PLC002484; Website: www.dlf.in 
 
26th October 2022 
 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Vice-President 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
Earnings Call. 
 
Requisite details regarding the Earnings Call are as under: 
 
S. no. 
Particulars 
Details 
1 
Date of Earnings Call 
22nd October 2022 
 
2 
List 
of 
management 
attendees 
Mr. Ashok Kumar Tyagi – Chief Executive 
Officer & Whole-time Director, DLF Limited 
Mr. Vivek Anand – Group Chief Financial 
Officer, DLF Limited 
Mr. Sriram Khattar – Managing Director, 
Rental Business 
Mr. Aakash Ohri – Chief Business Officer & 
Group Executive Director 
3 
Web-link 
https://www.dlf.in/qu-
result/Q2FY23_Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf  
 
 
This is for your kind information and record please.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DLF Limited 
 
 
 
R. P. Punjani   
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above  
 
For Stock Exchange’s clarifications, please contact:  
 
 
Mr. R. P. Punjani - 09810655115/punjani-rp@dlf.in 
 
 
Ram 
Parkash 
Punjani
Digitally signed 
by Ram Parkash 
Punjani 
Date: 2022.10.26 
19:27:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“DLF Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHOK KUMAR TYAGI – CEO, DLF LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK ANAND – GROUP CFO, DLF LIMITED 
MR. SRIRAM KHATTAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR, RENTAL BUSINESS 
MR. AAKASH OHRI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER & GROUP ED 

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to DLF Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call.  
 
We have with us on the call, Mr. Ashok Kumar Tyagi – CEO, DLF Limited; Mr. Vivek Anand 
– Group CFO; Mr. Sriram Khattar – MD, Rental business; Mr. Aakash Ohri – Chief Business 
Officer, and Group Executive Director.  
 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Anand. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Anand: 
Thank you, and a very good morning, and welcome to DLF Limited Quarter Two Financial Year 
23 Earnings Webcast. I know it's a Saturday morning. So, thanks for joining us early on a 
Saturday. I would like to start by wishing you and your families a very Happy Deepavali. 
Moving on to the results. 
We continue to perform consistently across all parameters in line with the guidance. I will now 
first talk about the financial highlights for Quarter Two Financial Year 23 which is DLF Limited 
consolidated results. Consolidated revenue stood at 1,360 crores. Gross margin improved to 60% 
driven by superior product mix. EBITDA stood at 495 crores with margin improving this quarter 
to 36%. Net profit at 487 crores, reflecting year-on-year increase of 28%. This was primarily 
due to higher JV profit and significant reduction in the finance costs. 
Housing demand continued to remain buoyant during the period. The luxury segment continues 
to witness sustained demand with a clear shift towards larger homes. We continue to experience 
further consolidation across the industry in the backdrop of changing consumer preference 
towards quality offerings from large and credible players.  
The interest rate hike was on expected lines. We continued to closely monitor these 
developments; however, have not experienced any material impact on housing demand so far. 
We remain confident that our product offerings will remain the preferred choice for customers 
and will continue to perform well.  
Our residential business delivered a steady performance and clock new sales booking of Rs. 
2,052 crores reflecting a year-on-year growth of 36%. Cumulative new sales booking for First 
Half Financial Year 23 stands at 4,092 crores in line with our guidance. We believe that our well 
thought out strategy of bringing low-rise developments across multiple geographies augurs well 
in the current market.  
We launched three new products across multiple price segments and geographies during the 
previous quarter. The Grove in DLF 5 Gurugram, the Valley Gardens in Panchkula, Garden City 

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Enclave Independent Floor in Sector-93, New Gurugram. All these new launches witnessed 
encouraging response from the markets delivering cumulative sales of 1,315 crores during the 
quarter. The Camellias, our super luxury offerings, has consistently proven to be the preferred 
choice. Sustained momentum of demand for this product led to incremental sales booking of Rs. 
473 crores during the quarter.  
We remain optimistic about the inherent demand in housing given the changing aspirations of 
consumers for high quality, efficient design products being offered across established 
ecosystems and continue to work to offer new products across segments and geographies.  
Surplus cash generation during the quarter stood at 409 crores, before net outflow of Rs. 292 
crores on account of increased dividend payout. Deleveraging remains a focus area, and 
consequently, our net debt stood at Rs. 2142 crores at the end of the quarter. 
I'll now move to the financial highlights for Quarter Two Financial Year 23, DLF Cyber City 
Developers Limited consolidated results. The office portfolio is exhibiting steady recovery with 
improvement in occupancies. The buoyancy in the retail business continues. Rental income grew 
20% year-on-year, driven by a strong growth in retail revenue, which grew 54% and office 
business, which grew 14% during the period. Consolidated revenue of Rs. 1,369 crores reflecting 
our 22% year-on-year growth.  
EBITDA stood at 1,046 crores, year-on-year growth of 21%, net profit at 355 crores, reflecting 
year-on-year growth of 54%. We continue to witness a steady upstick in occupiers' attendance 
currently at 67% across the portfolio along with gradual recovery in our leasing momentum. 
Office occupancy levels have moved up to 89% during the quarter up by 1 percentage point.  
The first phase 1.7 million square feet of our next generation workplace DLF Downtown 
Gurugram has commenced operations and has now started contributing to the rental portfolio. 
Its unmatched location and our ability to offer an integrated safe and sustainable ecosystem has 
once again scripted a success story. The office area for this asset was completely released even 
before commencement of operations.  
We continue to have a positive outlook towards the office business, and hence continue to 
judiciously put our CAPEX to feed growth in this business. We have initiated development of 
an additional office block in DLF Downtown Gurugram. The development of DLF Downtown 
Chennai remains on track.  
The retail business continues to exhibit healthy growth. Footfalls and consumption trends 
exhibited strong momentum. Sales growth has been better compared to pre-COVID levels, and 
we expect similar trend in the near future given the sustained demand and the upcoming festival 
season. We remain comfortably poised to deliver our business goals, which is well supported by 
sustained housing demand, quality offerings, and a healthy balance sheet.  
This completes the results update. Thank you very much. We can now open the floor for Q&A. 

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of foreign my first question is Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
My first question is on Slide 15. So, since we have launched about 4.5 million square feet in first 
half, and the second half we seem to be launching about 3.1 million square feet, second half 
which usually is a stronger period seasonally, so how should we look at this? Like, would we 
look at upfronting some launches from '23 or beyond period to the second half? Or you know, 
how should we look at this, and if you can give some commentary on the sales trajectory also in 
the second half?  
Aakash Ohri: 
So, as far as the H2 is concerned, I think what we are doing is we are going to be maintaining 
our guidance as to what we had mentioned to you all. Because what happens in a situation like 
this is that what you are seeing right now is already being pre-planned to execute and deliver. 
And therefore, the entire machinery then goes into putting that whole launch together. So, we 
have good visibility and pipelines and launches for Q3 as well as Q4. Q3 you will see a launch, 
another launch in Panchkula, and Q4 we are preparing for the big high rise launch the 63, which 
we will talk to you after this quarter.  
 
And as far as the trajectory is concerned, I think we are maintaining the strike rate as we had 
suggested or promised. Over and above that for us to propone launches of the next year, I don't 
see maybe a reason right now in the most immediate future, but we've got things lined up for 
should we require things to happen before we have the I'd say infrastructure to support it and the 
five part to kind of execute that. But as of now, I think we are working to our plan and we'd like 
to maintain that.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
Just a related question on that, Aakash. So, on the Phase-5, right, we launched the Grove and we 
sold it out in a fortnight. How should we look at the subsequent phases coming through in Phase-
5? What could be the timeline for say a Crest Phase-2 or some things on similar lines? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So, DLF 5 as we call it, for this year, I think we are done with DLF 5's launches. We will next 
year obviously in one of the quarters, we will announce the Crest 2 that you are referring to, but 
at this point in time, I think if you see the spread and how we've been working is across 
geographies. So, right now the focus is going to be Panchkula, and then it will move to the Golf 
Course Extension Area. Coming back to DLF 5, we will announce it hopefully after Q2 next 
year, but we will give that guidance before the year starts. So, you will have it much before.  
Ashok Tyagi: 
So, Kunal, you know, just to supplement what Aakash said, I mean, before launching a major 
high rise, like be it in all the Golf Course Extension Road or on the Golf Course Road, we need 
three or four quarters of intensive preparation, not only in terms of approval, but also in terms 
of awarding of contracts, foundation of BOQs, beginning of at least the subsoil construction 
work and all of those things. So, we have been on the Golf Course Extension project for the last 
two or three quarters, and I think now we hopefully executed enough to have a launch in the 
next quarter. And similarly, hopefully, you should see a Phase-5 high-rise launch sometime in 
the later half of next year if all goes well.  

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. My second question was on the collection side. So, last four quarters we have been 
clocking 2,000 crore plus of sales consistently. And you know, considering like the new launches 
that we have done have much shorter monetization period or construction period of 18 to 24 
months, right. So, somewhere like your collection run rate has to catch up with sales run rate. 
When do you think that will happen when, you know, when we can reach 2,000 crores of 
collection run rate? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So, most of the collections as we had even planned within the system are being done as per plan. 
If you pull out the four quarters collection date also, you will see it's at par with what the planning 
was earlier. With regard to collections at par with sales, this only happens with the construction 
schedules and that you call for money based on that.  
So, if you have seen, you know, this is a little bit of a I'd say a dangerous call to do because, you 
know, you need to give the customers a little bit of a breathing space before they actually get 
into the habit of paying. We are the most aggressive in our calling if you have seen our payment 
schedules compared to anybody else in the country. We take a substantial part, almost 25% and 
above most immediately in the first quarter alone.  
So, therefore, I think that is the rate that we want to, but I don't think calling money more than 
that right now kind of unnerves the investor and the customer because everybody is doing their 
financial planning. Also, the banks kind of disperse money based on, you know, how they want 
it, and we have kept that. The collection, I don't know, Vivek say that, but I don't think I would 
like to keep the collection pace more than what it is today also because you need to give that 
comfort factor to the investor, you know. But I think that's the pace that we have been doing but 
let Vivek answer.  
Vivek Anand: 
Good morning, Kunal. So, I think, first of all, on the sales rate of 2,000, when do you think our 
collections will catch up? So, first message I want to give is that that 2,000 crores of sale includes 
the One Midtown sales, right? And when we look at the collections, we look at the collections 
which are without One Midtown. That's separate. So, therefore, the two are not comparable, but 
let me also answer that how our collections are picking up and what, how does I see the collection 
in the second half? So, the first half collections have grown by 15% over the same period last 
year. So, clearly, there is a pickup in collections. Point number one.  
 
Second half, we expect the collections to significantly move up. Right? That's as per our plan. 
As the projects which have been launched are getting closer to their construct, their end, 
construction phase end, right, we will be raising demands this quarter and next quarter. And 
hopefully, that should get collected within 30 to 60 days. So, we will see collections improving, 
and we are moving up significantly in second half versus the first half. But will it be 2,000? I 
don't see that. Right? But yes, there will be a significant upside in the collection. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
That's very helpful. Thank you so much and wish you all a very Happy Diwali in case I don't get 
a follow-up question. Thank you so much.  

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead.  
Saurabh Kumar: 
Sir, a few questions. So, first is, you know, on your opening comments, you mentioned that 
mortgage rates are not having an impact, but maybe that was the last quarter. You have already 
seen the rates go to 8.5, and with the risk that this goes to 9.5. Would you still be confident that 
demand will not be impacted if rates move to the 9, 9.5% handle? And also, ex of Camellias, 
how many, how much of your customers would end up taking mortgages, if you can, if you 
would have a ballpark idea? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So, as for the mortgages are concerned, Saurabh, that I have seen a trend that people are getting 
into or, you know, diluting their mutual fund or other Investments to route their monies back 
into the new sales. I have seen this trend over one year, Saurabh. I have been monitoring this 
closely, also because I work very closely with the banks with our launches. And I have seen a 
certain amount, so, let's say, if I can give you an example of one of the recent launches, the bank 
mortgages or the call for that was just about maybe 15% so far, you know, compared to what 
these guys have in hand or whatever.  
 
But to answer your first question, see, it's an opportunity cost. At that point of time, if you 
actually see what these people are going to be investing in, I'd like to answer it in a different way 
what I am reading over the last two quarters. And I don't think we can completely negate the 
interest issue, but what I am seeing is that we are the preferred investment category right now. 
And when I say we, I'm talking about DLF. I am not talking about the industry right now. So, I 
am seeing that happen where people are consciously breaking or moving their other monies 
towards us. So, whether that in the near future is going to impact, I don't think.  
 
Again, I don't want to speculate, but what I am seeing a trend where, you know, it's like a Ghar 
Waapsi for a lot of people coming back to the DLF way of, you know, investing and everything 
because of the commitments that we have done over the last I think two, three years, we have 
demonstrated that we have finished projects. We have given people back money should they 
need it. You know, a DLF investment is almost like a liquid fund today. So, even if people were 
wanting to exit, we never kind of held back. We continue to move on. We demonstrated a lot of 
strength. So, the nearer, the bank rates have been going up if you see over the last two quarters 
also, but I think the customers are right now thankfully very focused in investing with us, and 
they are looking forward to this. 
 
The second thing that I am also doing is I am stepping up on the NRI plan. If you have seen our 
mostly our NRI investments are between 12 to say about 14 odd percent where it has a potential 
to double. So, therefore, you will see an aggressive outreach starting November where we have 
just had two very successful outreaches in Dubai and Singapore. So, I see that particular thing 
also changing because December onwards, December to February, there are a lot of NRIs who 
come and visit the country. So, I feel that that is something that we would like to go pitch in 
advance and then wait for them to make investments or come and do that. So, it's not only a 

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Camellia centric story, but I am seeing this across the board, and I feel that the customers today 
prefer to be with us rather than investing in other asset classes. So, I am seeing this very clearly, 
Saurabh. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
The second one is, you know, Vivek, on the pricing. So, your pricing across projects, we have 
seen much better than, you know, what we would have estimated at the point of launch. The 
Grove is 22,000. Camellias is now 45. Even your Panchkula is at 8,400. So, should we expect 
that now these stable state margins at DLF maybe one, one-and-a-half years out move to a 40% 
range to from 35 odd? Or do you think a large part of these gains get reinvested back? 
Vivek Anand: 
You are referring to EBITDA? You are referring to gross margins? 
Saurabh Kumar: 
EBITDA. 
Vivek Anand: 
EBITDA. So, see, EBITDA this year also I talked about, Saurabh, that we will be somewhere 
close to the range of 35, 36%, and going forward next year, I think we will surely maintain that 
percentage, and we will surely build on that. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
But on incremental sales, will it be fair to assume that the margins are higher than 35? 
Vivek Anand: 
I think it's a mix, Saurabh. So, yes, we will have to really look it as a bucket of new launches, 
right? In some products, yes, the margins are high. Some are low, but on an average, right, we 
are really making sure that we maintain our margins.  
Ashok Tyagi: 
The second point, Saurabh, which will also drive the EBITDA is that, you know, to scale up our 
business, there's been an upfront investment in costs and the overheads which may, you know, 
for an 8,000-crore annualized sales level has a certain EBITDA there. Hopefully, at a sales level 
which is higher in the following year and the cost level is broadly remaining the same, that 
should also add a couple of percentage points to the EBITDA margin because that gets diluted. 
Now what has happened there'd be this added costs in anticipation of scaling up and scaling up 
is happening now.  
Vivek Anand: 
And also just to add , once these new launches which we did in second half of financial year 
2021, once we start issuing possession letters, right, our revenue lines actually grows, right? That 
will also help you generate a better margin.  
Saurabh Kumar: 
And sir, last question is on DCCDL. So, this quarter-on-quarter growth we are seeing, that's the 
contribution of the new downtown block. Will that be fair? Or is there any organic element to it 
as well? And secondly, the downtown difference with the Cyber Park, there's a 25% differential 
in rents. What would you attribute it to, because the building quality will be similar? Is this just 
market definition we have seen in Gurgaon? Or, I mean, is there anything else to read into that? 
Sriram Khattar: 
Hi, Saurabh. Your first question on organic versus growth from USA, organic growth is 
definitely there. In retail, you have seen a major bounce back compared to the same quarter last 

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
year and even compared to the first quarter of the current fiscal. In offices, we are now seeing 
the rentals getting steady to a marginal growth in the new rentals that we are doing. And 
therefore, the growth that you see is a combination of organic growth and inorganic growth 
coming from the new products, basically Downtown.  
 
On Downtown, the rental increases are there, because the time of completion of 2 and 3 
Downtown compared to Cyber Park, there is a gap of three years. So, if you just take a normal 
annual growth, you have about a 15% growth, one. Two, very clearly post COVID, the large 
multinationals are showing at the following two or three trends.  
 
One trend is that they are definitely moving to more quality assets, especially in IT parks, which 
give them an opportunity for further expansion and growth over the years.  
 
Two, there is no more their requirement of a grade A property. They are definitely looking at a 
grade A++ property. And three, the emphasis is much more on sustainability, wellness, the social 
infrastructure etc., which we have been emphasizing in our office developments for the last five, 
seven years, and these have held us in good state. And therefore, Downtown, which is now fully 
leased, has rentals which are about 23, 25% higher than Cyber Park.  
Vivek Anand: 
So, in terms of, Saurabh, your question of in terms of office growth of 14% year-on-year, 
Downtown's contribution is almost 4% out of 14%. Then we have new leases contributing 5%, 
right? And contractual escalations around 5%. That's broadly the breakup of 14%.  
Saurabh Kumar: 
Thank you, sir. This is very helpful, and Happy Diwali to all to you. 
Aakash Ohri: 
Saurabh, one more thing. Camellias has been almost touching 60,000, not 45.  
Saurabh Kumar: 
So, that's a good Diwali gift for all your and all your investors.  
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. And to you. Thanks. Happy Diwali.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Good morning everyone. The first question is on DCCDL. We have got 19,000 plus crores of 
debt. So, how do you see the interest rate impact over next, you know, 12 to 15 months?  
Sriram Khattar: 
This was a question which we answered in the last analyst call also. It is very difficult to 
accurately forecast where these interest rates will go. There is the market buzz is that there will 
be an increase of 35 to 50 basis points between now and March, but if you take a little 
conservative estimate, the impact at a PAT level will be between 50 to 80 crores for the full year.  
Ashok Tyagi: 
Sameerji, what, I mean, basically, and in fact, Vivek will then elaborate on this. Broadly, you 
know, the repo has gone up by 1.9 percentage points in the last whatever six months, and broadly 

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
what the team has been able to do led by Vivek and the Finance team in Cyber City is to restrict 
the impact on Cyber City to about half of it.  
Vivek Anand: 
So, this 190 basis point increase in repo in the last five months on a gross rate of 20,000 crore 
theoretically translates to an impact of close to 400 crores at a PBT level, but this year what we 
have been able to do is to restrict the impact to a little more than 100 crores at the PBT level. So, 
there are series of steps what we have really taken in terms of renegotiation, refinancing which 
has really helped us. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
So, the question is how much of this is fixed versus variable? And therefore, you know, can we 
say that the impact can be 100, 150 basis point in say fiscal 24 based on your internal workings? 
And my fear here is that whatever the rental growth that may come say three, 400 crores, a lot 
of that gets digested by this increase in interest cost.  
Sriram Khattar: 
So, the fixed rates, the fixed interest portfolio in this 1,900 crores is about 15, 16%. However, 
now we are starting to work with the banks which give us these rental discounting, which in by 
their very nature are much more long term to try and see if we can fix the interest rates for the 
first two years or two-and-a-half years and then they go back to floating. And the Treasury teams 
are working on this. Next year's impact at a PAT level could be about 100 to about 150 crores 
depending upon how we exit this year. And yes, it will have an adverse impact to the PAT 
compared to the earlier interest regime, but I think this is something which you have to take in 
our stride as you go ahead. We have had two very, very good years of interest rates going down, 
and probably we see interest rates at a little elevated level till FY24 before they start sort of 
tapering off again in FY25, 26.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
That's very clear. And just to be sure you said 15, 16% is fixed. So, 85% is floating at the 
moment.  
Sriram Khattar: 
Yes, but, you know, I would just like to add one thing here. When we talk of fixed, we generally 
have to approach the capital markets for that, whereas the variable of floating rate is available 
from the banking system. The banking system is much, much more flushed with funds than the 
capital markets for fixed rate instruments. And therefore, the banks which have healthy balance 
sheets now are very competitive in the rates they offer. So, therefore, in my personal view, just 
to compare a fixed versus floating, to take a call will be difficult because of the liquidity 
conditions in the banking and in the capital markets.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Very clear. Sir, quick two more questions from my side. One is on the residential side. Clearly, 
the demand momentum has been good, but this is a cyclical industry. What are the one or two 
key risk factors that you see that can, you know, moderate this demand?  
Aakash Ohri: 
So, with regard to the present demand, I am seeing a lot of business coming in from actual users, 
and that has completely changed the dynamics, I can tell you today. So, I am not seeing, at this 
point of time, I'm not seeing, I mean, I'm seeing the investors, but I am seeing them in lesser 
proportions.  

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
So, what I feel is that right now over the next a year at least, I am seeing a lot of pent-up demand, 
but pent-up in a way that people had been deferring, and now people have come down to earlier 
they were living in homes that were rented or even otherwise not to their liking. But I am right 
now seeing a trend where people are actually spending a lot of time, and I am saying this because 
if you see our launches, there were times where during launches, people won't even come to 
sites. Their brokers and intermediaries would run around, fill up forms, get everything done, and 
we are done.  
 
But I am seeing this change because whether it is a Midtown, whether it is a floor in phase 1 to 
4, whether the DLF 5 grow, whether it is even the new Gurgaon launch that we just did, the 
Garden City Enclave, whether it was the Valley Garden in Panchkula, I am seeing today that 
people are not only visiting once but spending a lot of time contemplating, deciding, looking at 
the orientation and so on and so forth. So, yes, I understand it's cyclical, but, you know, we have 
just come back after 10 years. At least give us some more time because, you know, the resi 
business if you see, you know, the last three years, there has been quite a robust demand, but 
this is not the frivolous demand that used to be earlier.  
 
So, this is not something that can be passed around is what my personal experience has been 
over this last I would say even six quarters if I can say to you. Earlier I thought it was just maybe 
a Camellias story, but then as I traveled, I saw Chennai, which was an average ticket size of 
maybe starting at just about 40 lakhs or, you know, every customer today, whether a mid-level 
or a high level customer is spending a lot of time making sure that they are buying something 
that they like. You know, they can't be pushed around anymore. It's not that you have got the 
second floor, so I can shove it down. So, what I am seeing right now is I can safely say that I am 
seeing a genuine demand right now. So, that cyclical nature right now is not something that I 
would like to, I will keep in the back of my head right now since you mentioned it. But initially, 
I mean, right now it doesn't bother me.  
Vivek Anand: 
And if I were to add to, Sameer, to your question, I will say possibly one of the things which we 
are keeping very close is the interest rates. I think Kunal asked this question earlier. But I think 
if I really, and that was something we all are at this point in time watching it very, very closely.  
 
But if I really look at last three launches we had in the previous quarter, right, these launches 
were in three different geographies at three different price points across different segments of 
our customers. I think we have got a very good response. So, sometimes it's difficult to really 
predict what is working, what is not working.  
 
And if you really see, we are sitting on a repo rate. In fact, repo rate has now touched 6.9 faster 
than what all the banks had projected sometime in April and May. So, despite that we are seeing 
that the demand stays as strong as it was before. So, therefore, yes, while interest could be one 
big watch out, but I also feel that all the other fundamental demand drivers continue to play well 
at this point in time. 

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
And with your permission, one final quick question. Your intent to generate free cash flow every 
quarter, whether small or big, I mean, that intent remains, right? 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes, absolutely. That intent remains. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a text question. We have lost the question from Mr. Mohit. We 
will move on to the next question, which is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for taking my question. So, firstly, just are we all set to launch the last tower in one 
Midtown this quarter or its next quarter? 
Aakash Ohri: 
No, so it's scheduled for Q1, but we may prepone it to Q4 because right now as Mr. Tyagi was 
also saying that a lot of preparation goes towards making the, I mean, working for a new launch, 
which is a big launch as you know which is in Gurgaon, the high-rise we were talking about. 
But the collections and the process there in Midtown is thankfully quite stable right now. So, 
right now what we are going to be doing is because there will be a price increase also with this.  
 
And just to give you a quick background of what's happening in our adjacent property, the 
Capital Green which abuts the Midtown, we have almost in the Phase-3 reached a realization. 
Not we, our investors, our customers have already almost reached a Rs. 30,000 a square foot 
realization, whereas we right now are selling Midtown the third Tower C was sold at about 
23,500. So, I feel there is a tremendous amount of opportunity here for everybody to invest there. 
Whether we want to get in now and realize it or we want to stick to the Q1 plan is something 
that we will, I think we will decide in Q4.  
 
But at this point in time, I think, again, as I say, we would like to work through that plan because 
we have seen this. Every time we rush into something, obviously, there's something gets left out. 
But if we can just maintain this, iterate and work to our plan, I think because, you know, the 
entire machinery starts to work pre-launch, pre-approval. First the concept, this and that. So, it's 
just the gestation period for that, and within the company everybody has to align themselves for 
that particular long. So, I think the concentration will be here but should push comes to shove 
and we need to do something there, we will. We are ready for a Q4. We are ready for a Q1.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just a follow-up on residential. So, I think for next quarter, since Grove is fully sold out, so 
we already have probably 1,500 crore of visibility for next quarter, right, in terms of, I mean, I 
guess that project was around 1,800 crore and we have booked 300 crore from that project in 
this quarter in Q2. So, given that we have a strong visibility, and there are two big launches that 
are coming one next quarter on Panchkula and in Q4, there would be high rise, so shouldn't, I 
mean, aren't you more confident that we can do more than 8,000 crore of sales and given the 
visibility we have, we need to upgrade our guidance or you will still remain cautious given the 
environment and stick to that 8,000 crore? 

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Aakash Ohri: 
Will remain cautious given the environment. We don't know how everything is going to pan out, 
you know, seeing what UK is going through and everything else. So, I see again, we are right 
now at this point of time, I would rather we all be cautious because I think that's the plan we all 
kind of discuss and set ourselves to do. Yes, if there is opportunity to grab more, you have my 
assurance that we will leave no stone unturned to do that. But at this point of time, I think the, 
I'd say the external environments right now is there are too many variables going on. So, if we 
just keep our head down and continue to at least work to our plan is what I feel that we would 
like to do.  
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
So, I think we internally definitely feel confident that we can hopefully beat the 8,000 guidance, 
but given all the externalities including the interest rate, I think right now from external 
standpoint, we like to conclude the guidance of 8,000 that we have given with hopefully an 
upside risk to it. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And one last in terms of high rise, we already have one in plan and Crest 2 would be next year. 
What all are the other high rises that are already included in a launch pipeline that we have 
slated? I guess there is one more in Chennai if I am not wrong, and any other let's say in new 
Gurgaon that you already have? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So, yes, there is Chennai coming. We are all excited about it. That's going to be the first luxury 
development in Chennai right in the heart of the city which will be in the lines of Crest, Crest 
Plus. So, yes, Chennai, you know, we are, you know, happy to go back there with this particular 
product, and there will be something in Gurgaon. So, yes, so right now if you have seen given 
the portfolios are pretty balanced with low rise and high rise, and I think that's what you will see 
from us going forward, because there is thankfully a market for low rise, and there is a market 
for condominiums which when we started off, we want, I mean, there was skepticism all around. 
But I think if you have seen the results and the acceptance, I think there is now it's reasonably 
established that there are both these markets can work concurrently. So, I think that's what we 
will do.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Very helpful, sir, but that would be next year, right? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes, next year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a text question from Abhishek Lodhiya from Yes Securities. 
And the question is, if I heard rightly from Vivek sir, that collection of Rs. 1,252 crore doesn't 
include numbers from Midtown, then what is the collection run rate at Midtown and for this 
quarter? Thanks, and Happy Diwali to DLF family.  
Vivek Anand: 
Yes, Abhishek, you heard me correct. The numbers what we report are DLF numbers, and we 
don't include the JV numbers when we report the collection numbers. So, as of September, we 
have collected close to 400 crores in the JV, and this quarter our plan is to collect 450 crores. As 
the construction commences and as we are raising demand, we will be having a good upside on 
collections this quarter.  

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is again a text question from Nimit Gala from Ace Landstone 
Investments. And the question is, hi, team. Any update on REIT timelines? Or is there a change 
in plan may be due to high interest rate regime and rise in cap rates? I see no mention in the 
investor presentation.  
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
So, there is no change in the plan or the direction. And I think both GIC and we are reasonably 
committed to the entire thing, but you are right. Given the high interest rate scenario currently 
going on and the overall uncertainty, you know, frankly, I mean, this obviously is not the best 
time for a new REIT, testing a REIT potential of our size to come into the market, but we are 
sort of reading all our firepower to it. And then hopefully, you know, as the market sort of temper 
and both the shareholders decide, we will bring it to the market, but yes, not in the immediate 
short term.  
Sriram Khattar: 
So, I will take the liberty of adding one more point to what Ashok mentioned. See, unlike the 
raise in the capital markets, our raise is not because we need the money, and we in our planning 
have been reasonably self-sufficient last two, three years and planned to be so in the next two, 
three odd years where our business cash flows are adequate to service our debt and still give 
healthy dividends to the shareholders. The raise is only to bring the portfolio in the capital 
markets, and if I am maybe a little immodest, it's going to be the biggest portfolio, and therefore, 
we have to do it carefully and ensure that the investors get the best bang for the buck. So, while 
as Ashok mentioned, our preparation is going on in full steam, it is not that we are under any 
pressure to do it soon.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr Ashok Tyagi for closing comments.  
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
So, thank you. Once again, you know, apologize for getting all of you out on a Saturday morning. 
I think this has been a good quarter, and clearly, I think we are hopefully getting on to a 
consistent, you know, good cycle across the industry, across all the three segments of the 
industry which is residential, offices and retail. Hopefully, to the point of simplicity, you know, 
I think we are hopefully still at the early stages of an upcycle, and in the offices business actually 
emerging from a significant down cycle of the pandemic.  
 
So, you know, hopefully we still have a few quarters of potentially good external cycles. As you 
have seen, the organized players are the ones gaining share in both the residential and the 
commercial spaces, and we see that trend to continue, or we continue to stay focused on 
generating free cash flows in both the residential and commercial segments, and they are 
obviously deploying them in the residential segment on deleveraging, in the commercial segment 
on CapExing. And I think, hopefully, our strategy which, you know, over the last few quarters 
was still sort of bits and pieces is now coming together and delivering on a consistent basis and 
hopefully, you know, continue being on this journey for the future as well. Thank you once 
again.  
Vivek Anand: 
Thank you, and a very Happy Diwali to all of you.  

 
DLF Limited 
October 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DLF Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
