 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
CIN: L72200DL 1992PLC049074, E-44/13, Okhla Phase II, New Delhi 110020, India 
Tel: +91 11 46533200, 26384060, 26384146   Fax: +91 11 26383963
 
Registered Office: A-6, Satsang Vihar Marg, Qutab Institutional Area, New Delhi 110067, India 
Tel: +91 11 40770100, 26964733, 26963571   Fax: +91 11 26856936 
info@newgensoft.com   www.newgensoft.com 
 
  Date:  21st October 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
Scrip Code – 540900
Ref.: 
Newgen 
Software 
Technologies 
Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017)
 
  Sub.: Outcome Transcript – Conference Call – Q2 FY’23 
 
  Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
As intimated earlier through our letter dated 14th October 2022 regarding the Conference Call of 
the Company, which was held on Tuesday, 18th October 2022 at 04:00 P.M.(IST), please find 
enclosed herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts. 
 
The transcript of the said call shall be made available at the website of the Company under the 
URL https://newgensoft.com.  
 
  This is for your kind information and record. 
 
  Thanking you. 
 
For Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Aman Mourya 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 Encl.: a/a 
AMAN 
MOURYA
Digitally signed by 
AMAN MOURYA 
Date: 2022.10.21 
18:48:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 18, 2022 
 
 
        
                
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DIWAKAR NIGAM – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
 
DIRECTOR – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VARADARAJAN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIRENDER JEET – CEO – NEWGEN SOFTWARE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUN KUMAR GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH – HEAD, INVESTOR 
 
RELATIONS – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIKET PANDE – LEAD TECHNOLOGY ANALYST - 
ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Please note that the transcript has been edited for accuracy purposes 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Newgen Software Technologies Limited Q2 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. From ICICI Securities, 
we have lead technology analyst, Mr. Aniket Pande, welcoming the management and investor 
on this earnings call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance, during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero 
on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to the management of Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
for their opening remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Thank you, Inba. Good evening, everyone. I'm Deepti Mehra Chugh, Investor Relations, 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited, and I welcome you all to the Q2 FY '23 results of the 
company. I have with me from the management, Mr. Diwakar Nigam, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Varadarajan, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Virender Jeet, CEO and Mr. Arun Gupta, 
CFO. 
Before we move on to the discussion, let me highlight that this call may contain certain forward-
looking statements concerning Newgen's future business prospects and profitability, which are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and the actual results could materially vary from 
the forward-looking statements. 
Past performance may not be indicative of the future performance. The company does not 
undertake to make any announcement in case any of these forward-looking statements become 
materially incorrect in future or update any forward-looking statements made from time-to-time 
by or on behalf of the company. For further details, please refer to the Investor Relations section 
of our website. 
I would now hand over to Mr. Nigam for the presentation of the results, which will be followed 
by a Q&A by Mr. Virender Jeet. Thank you. 
Diwakar Nigam: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today on our Q2 Financial Results Call. 
In the second quarter driven by robust demand especially across our traditional markets our 
revenue witnessed a growth of 22% Y-o-Y to reach INR 226 crores. We believe cloud and 
subscription revenue is a good indicator of our business momentum. The subscription revenue 
had been growing steadily at the healthy pace of 30% Y-o-Y. They now comprise 35% of our 
total revenues. 
The annuity revenues for the quarter were INR 143 crores, witnessing a growth of 24% Y-o-Y. 
The annuity revenues comprised 63% of our total revenue in Q2. While the global environment 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
is uncertain our traditional market continues to remain strong. We strongly believe that our 
products have significant leverage across both sides of the market opportunity revenue 
enhancement and cost optimization and efficiency and we can pitch accordingly. 
India witnessed a strong growth momentum during the last two quarters with exciting businesses 
from both existing and new customers. In Q2, Indian market grew by 27%. EMEA and APAC 
geographies have also been performing well for us growing at 24% and 39%, respectively. 
Our US geography, however, has not been performing well. As we mentioned in the last quarter, 
in the US region, we have been working on altering our sales methodology, moving towards 
larger-sized accounts with higher mining ability than the current smaller and medium-sized 
banks and credit unions. 
We have also done some reorganization and team changes in the region recently. The quarter 
was marked by 14 new logo wins spread across geographies. We had significant deals in existing 
and new accounts during the quarter. 
We are happy to share that we have been a successful bidder for a leading bank, public sector 
bank for providing solution and services for the end-to-end digital lending platform. The total 
size, total order size is INR 49 crores spread over five years. We are also executing a midsized 
product for US based banks operating a network of banking centers throughout Colorado, 
Kansas, Missouri and Texas. 
We also received additional mining business from UAE's largest bank, a cloud base with a 
private sector bank in India and a midsized project for a leading Indian private sector bank. We 
have also entered into the cloud deal for a multinational automobile manufacturer in USA to a 
system integrator. 
Moving to the update on our offerings and opportunities. We recently launched our 
comprehensive configurable and future-ready trade finance platform for banking. The platform 
is built on low-code framework that lends the flexibility to allow seamless bank specific 
configurations and management of the complete life cycle. 
It helps bank go paperless and streamline their end-to-end credit process while ensuring 
compliance with domestic and international regulation. The platform involves advanced level of 
content management and enables banks to process trade finance business efficiently and cost 
effectively while reducing the turnaround time significantly. 
Keeping in mind the evolving needs of business and customers it can be configured easily to 
launch any new structured trade finance product. It provides cloud-native architecture and low-
coal integration engine. Designed by bankers, and experts in trade finance and technology, the 
trade finance platform is a revolutionary concept. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
We are excited about this launch and confident that this will play a vital role in accelerating our 
company's growth.  
We also launched the all-new integrated Robotic Process Automation, RPA, offering -- 
strengthening the low-court process automation portfolio. We continue to work on our long-term 
platform and cloud road map. 
On the operational front, we see normalization in the workplace with in-person meetings, team 
collaboration and regular customer meetings. Business travel has now normalized. Attrition 
level seems to have stabilized across the sector. We have been investing in all spheres of talent 
acquisition, including campus recruitment and lateral hire as well as retention and development. 
In the sales and marketing front, we continue working on both of our sales engine, direct sales 
channel and partner network to expand our markets footprint. We recently held our in-person 
customer meet, Newgen Connect 2022, in Mumbai, which received tremendous response and 
participation from our large Indian customers, system integrators, consulting firms and many 
prospects. 
It was a good platform where we highlighted our road map, customer success stories as well as 
enable customers, custom integrators and consultant network to provide their input, 
understanding the product capabilities, collaborate and exchange notes. We will be hosting such 
events in other markets as well in the next few months. 
Profits and margins; our profit after tax for the quarter was INR 30 crores. On the cost front, 
there has been a continued impact of elevated employee costs given by the industry-wide supply 
side challenges, which are now gradually abating. There has been pressure on costs on account 
of increased go-to-market initiative, returning to in-person events and gradually normalizing 
travel expenses. 
We continue to invest heavily in our global initiatives, our products and in our people. During 
the year, R&D expenses comprised about 11% of the revenue, and sales and marketing expenses 
comprised 24% of the revenue. 
In the first half of the year, our total revenues are INR 414 crores, witnessing a growth of 20% 
Y-o-Y. Our profit after tax is INR 49 crores. However, I would like to highlight that given the 
seasonal nature of our business and linear costs during the year, usually profits in the second 
half of the year are higher than the first half. 
On the cash flow and balance sheet, our net cash generated from operation activities were INR 
57 crores in Q2. Our net trade receivables were INR 258 crores at the end of September, which 
resulted in net DSO of 111 days. The DSO has been higher in the current quarter. But we expect 
the number to stabilize in the future quarter. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
We are taking prudent steps to tap newer opportunity and combat uncertain environment as we 
continue our growth momentum. We believe that we have a solid product in place that is highly 
appreciated by our customers and add significant value. 
We have a loyal customer base in place. Our cloud and subscription revenues have been growing 
at a fast pace providing healthy visibility of long-term revenues. We continue to invest cautiously 
in improving our product and marketing strength, and transforming business for growth and 
operational efficiency. We are now open for question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handsets, while asking a question. Anyone who has a question may enter star and one. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for moment while the question queue assembles. Our first 
question is from the line of Aniket Pande from ICICI Securities.  
Aniket Pande: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity to host you and wishing all the members of Newgen Software 
a happy festive season ahead. I had couple of questions. Your revenue growth looks quite 
impressive at around 22% Y-o-Y in this quarter. Earlier you have mentioned a guidance of 20% 
Y-o-Y revenue growth for FY'23, which implies around 20% Y-o-Y growth in your second half 
of this year. It seems like you can easily exceed this guidance based on your historical trend. 
Any comment on that? 
Virender Jeet: 
Thanks Aniket and good evening, and wishing you the Happy Diwali. And you're right, 
generally, our Q3 and Q4 are higher revenues, but so has been the case in the past year, revenues 
are higher. So it is a seasonality, so to do 20% growth in both quarters is on a much higher base 
than on a Q1, Q2 base. 
So these quarters will be larger than Q1 and Q2 per quarter. Thus, they will have a higher degree 
of margins. Right now, we are looking at accelerating growth and finding ways to accelerate 
that. What percentage we'll hit, I think it's an outcome very, very difficult to comment on that. 
Aniket Pande: 
And sir, how are your conversations going on in US and European markets, actually? Are you 
seeing any impact because of macro headwinds? Has the deal closure cycle further elongated as 
compared to last quarter? Or is still, as of now, you aren't seeing any incremental pain coming? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So fortunately, right now, our growth is driven from the markets which are beyond US and 
Europe. That's our traditional markets, like India, Middle East and Asia Pacific. US and Europe, 
we have as last quarter. We said there is clearly a much more pain in those markets than we see 
in the traditional markets. 
And the profile of customers which are very large, we are seeing -- hearing conversations of no 
uncertainty. Does it really affect our business growth this next quarter? It's very difficult to say. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
But right now we have a large number of opportunities, where clients are confident that in this 
environment also they can go ahead and do those deals. 
But this is – nobody can comment on completely this because as the situation is unfolding, all 
businesses are redefining their plans. And unless, we are completely in a more stable 
environment, we don't know what's going to happen. So there is an uncertainty in deals. But 
surely, the interest is right now quite high in what we are doing. 
Aniket Pande:  
One last question, your annuity-based revenue share has improved quite a lot at around 70% as 
of last quarter, but it has dropped a bit in this quarter. So how should we look at annuity base 
revenue going forward from here on? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. As we grow, the annuity will keep on growing because that's what -- you will see those 
streams are growing at much higher rates than the company. So SaaS, ATS as well as support, 
these -- all three are growing at a much higher rate than the overall growth rate of the company. 
Looking at it on a quarter-on-quarter basis may not be fair because what happens is if there's a 
license component higher or lower will determine the percentage of annuity. But on a yearly 
basis, I think last year, we were sub-60%. This year already for the first half, we are much higher 
than 60%. So at the end of the year, we'll do substantially better than last year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Akshat Agarwal from Jefferies. 
Akshat Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and I wish you very happy to Diwali to all of you from the 
Newgen Management Team. I have a few questions. Firstly congratulations, on a good set of 
numbers particularly, on the growth side. This year -- this quarter the growth has finally been 
led by the India and the Middle East markets besides the group step-up in APAC, could you 
please help us understand what sort of growth can we expect from India and Middle East over a 
two to three year period? 
I was under the impression that we have a very high market share in these markets. So 
structurally these markets are expected to grow slower, compared to US or the newer 
geographies like you're looking to expand, particularly Australia. That's the first question. I'll 
ask my follow-ups after this. 
Virender Jeet: 
Good evening Akshat and wishing you Happy Diwali. You are right. This quarter, the growth 
has been, and in the last quarter the growth has been predominantly led by India, APAC and 
Middle East and they have grown at a substantial rate. 
If you look at next three years, though we have a strong penetration of our presence in India, it's 
not exactly true in Middle East and Asia Pacific. I think our penetration out there is quite thin 
yet, because a number of countries is very large and the kind of markets we operate is still very 
few on there. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Having said that, there's one fundamental difference, which is happening in all these three 
markets, we are getting into larger accounts with larger deal sizes, which is making a difference. 
So, I would say that the potential of these markets, if the oil remains stable and the overall, the 
economic situation remains good in these markets. There is no reason why we will not continue 
to grow in. 
So India has been always going for us, it's only that during the COVID era. It was really, really 
in a bad state in terms of spending for many, many sectors. That's the time, but if you see that 
last year, India did some growth and this year. I think first it’s been leading the growth by almost 
30%, 35% H1 growth. 
Same is true with APAC, and I think Middle East will also do a good growth on a very high 
number as last year. So I don't see any reason why the next three years, they can't be the grow 
drivers up to this percentage. In terms of when I say doing around 20% growth. 
Having said that, our long-term story of higher numbers of growth has to come from mature 
markets and that's where we are investing in building the strategy. Right now, we are pivoting 
out there a bit in terms of redefining what we have been doing in banking. As in the earlier call, 
Mr. Nigam has stated that, in the banking we are trying to shift to slightly larger accounts, 
because of the lifetime value of those accounts is going to be much better than the businesses 
we have pursued so far and as well as looking at our sales strategy and various ways to how to 
accelerate that. So I'll stop there. I hope that answers your question. 
Akshat Agarwal:  
No, that's very helpful. Thanks a lot sir, just a follow-up on this. So that's supposing your strong 
growth in India, Middle East and APAC to US where on constant currency terms, perhaps your 
revenue growth would have been flattish to slight decline on a year-on-year basis. 
Is it fair to assume that over the next couple of years the traditional markets are going to be the 
growth drivers, while US might take longer than expected to, again become the growth driver 
like it was in '21? 
Virender Jeet: 
No. So we are not waiting that long. So I think our strategy, we are waiting for a couple of 
quarters to bring it to a better growth trajectory. So it will, you see in the US this quarter would 
also grow a bit and it will continue growing over the next two quarters. And next year, we should 
again look it as one of the growth engines at least at, equal terms to other markets, if not higher. 
So we are not waiting for two, three years. We are waiting typically for next two quarters to reset 
the market. 
Akshat Agarwal: 
That's very helpful. Final question from my side and that's on margins. So this quarter we've 
seen a very sharp increase in other expenses, as a percentage of revenues on a year-on-year basis. 
Has this entirely been driven by higher marketing and travel costs? Or is there any one-off over 
there? 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So no this is predominantly marketing and travel and also in terms of the offices have 
restated the other costs of running the facilities that has gone up. And there is no onetime thing 
in this. 
Akshat Agarwal: 
So in terms of your margin expectations, could you just give us some sort of an outlook of what 
sort of margin should we be expecting from Newgen, maybe this year and the year after that? 
Any sort of guidance would be helpful? 
Virender Jeet: 
I may not be able to give you exact guidance. But what happens if you look at historically, the 
Q3, Q4 will have much higher expanded margins. If we meet, our growth targets on those 
markets. So those quarters and so from the current H1 around INR 50 crores of PAT we should 
be able to have a much significant larger number in the H2 of that. This business generates high 
gross margins.  
As you know, it's around, between 65% and around that gross margin and rest depends on our 
top line growth of that year as well as investments. So investments in sales and marketing and 
R&D are almost set at 10%, 11% and around 24% this year, they won't change much. No, it 
completely depends on the top line we hit and then the margin which unfolds. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Capital. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Congratulations on the good revenue. Largely I had a question on GSI side of the business. I 
mean I just wanted to understand what is the GSI traction now? What are the numbers of deals 
that we have won from GSI? And what is the traction here? 
Second question was on the currency impact. I mean we are having 22% Y-o-Y revenue growth. 
If you could quantify what is the currency impact, currency depreciation here? That will be very 
helpful, and my third question was on the local trade finance platform and the launch that we 
have done. 
So just wanted to understand the strategy behind this? What is the market that we are targeting? 
What is the market size over there? What kind of strategy are you going to adopt and what is the 
internal revenue target that you have been looking for this particular platform over the next three 
to five years? Yes, so those are the three questions? 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you Mihir for asking. So on the GSI front, we are continuing to push that strategy and we 
are increasing our funnel. The funnel has improved from deals up to almost 90 deals now in the 
funnel we have. We are also spreading across going into other GSIs which have shown more 
interest beyond the traditional ones, where we had already done the leads. 
This quarter we have closed two deals with GSIs, one in Australia and one in US and we expect 
that momentum to keep on improving slowly. Of course, it's not at the same rate as we had 
expected to GSI, that's why we are trying to look at various strategies of helping that business 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
to grow further. So, on the GSI front I would say that, in terms of investment, enablement and 
building that structure. I think that there's a lot going on. 
On the funnel lot is going on. But on the conversion it's a bit slow, it may take a bit more time 
for us to accelerate that. On the currency impact, yes there has been in terms of, currency gains 
in terms of, on a constant currency. We have roughly around 16% of growth. If you’re, that was 
your question. 
And there's also in terms, there will be some amount of losses on cases of, in terms of some out 
of on the hedging. So we can, Arun can give you more details about that, if you want. On the 
low core trade finance, I think we are very excited about. We have been always creating product 
lines based on our local platform and we were very lucky to get opportunities of redefining 
products for some of the most leading financial institutions in India on trade. 
So we have been able to launch this new product. The market is very ripe for this product in 
emerging markets like Southeast Asia, India, some part of Middle East and -- but Europe. Europe 
is a very large buyer. Trade is on our understanding is trade is also on the verge of being 
transformed. All the current solutions are around seven, eight years old. 
We have a new generation product, which solve the current trade problems, which business is 
looking at. And right now we are pursuing at least 30 different opportunities in our funnel across 
various geos and we do expect that this year. We will close another three, four trade 
opportunities. The difference is that these opportunities are pretty large. Unlike our traditional 
the deal sizes out here and the long tail is very pretty large. 
So we have not really done, how much of revenue on its own will come from this product line. 
But we are in the process of setting the business plan. Maybe in the next few quarters we'll have 
more clarity about, how independently it can be a growth driver for the company. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And I have just one more question on the margins. I mean, you have anticipated for 18% to 25% 
kind of margins for the full year. When I do ask for the second half of the year that comes to 
around 30% plus? 
So just wanted to understand how confident are we of having 30% gross margin are given the 
fact that now non-COVID costs are coming back and travel costs are coming back, R&D costs 
are coming back. So how should we see the margins for the best part of the year and consequence 
of the guidance that we had for the year? 
Virender Jeet: 
So on our guidance we only have a number which is 10 historically and we have clearly said 
that last year margins, are not the reflection of business. Because a lot of elements of our 
business, which we are pursuing have not the costs were factored in. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
We had a history of having roughly around 9% of our revenue is travel which was zero last year 
and similarly SG&A expenses were much muted and the manpower which is this onetime 
correction in the market, which has led to around 25% of growth in the manpower cost. 
Having said, that our cost basis in Q1, Q2 generally tend to be the highest cost base. From here 
the cost for the remaining part of the year is slightly lower. Not substantially lower, it is slightly 
lower in Q2 and Q3. 
Now in terms of doing higher level of revenues compared to Q1, Q2 and stable or lower cost 
base in Q3 do expand margins. Now whether they will be significantly higher as high as 30%, 
31% or more like 27%, 28% will have. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
There seems to be no response from this line. We will therefore move to our next question. That's 
from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, number one, I was reading an article in PTI. So there it was 
mentioned that, we expect to double our revenue to $200 million by FY'24 on the back of this 
recently launched trade finance platform? So just wanted to understand your perspective on it? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, we are in that range of 100 million and we have an ambition target of going, taking this 
company to the next step of 500 million over the next five, six years. There are multiple drivers 
for that, and the trade initiative is just one of the drivers on that. 
On its own, it will, I think it will play a significant part in pushing the growth up. But I think the 
exact date of doubling it by '24 is a press freedom. They take that, they take a freedom to the 
next level. But yes, but I think we are looking at accelerating growth beyond. 
No, if you can see we are doing a significant growth without the US engine firing right now. 
And with US and GSI giving us some momentum, I think we should be able to accelerate the 
growth and meet those aspirational goals. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So our stance means that we are looking to accelerate growth on the back of this new game-
changing platform that you kind of indicated today? 
Virender Jeet: 
Exactly. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And at a higher operating leverage. I mean the revenue base. What is the sustainable EBITDA 
margin that our kind of business can see on an annual basis after factoring in the seasonality that 
we have in our business, right? So is it in the range of 25%, 30%? Would that be a fair, also 
assuming now the travel cost has come back? So that 25%, 30% range, is that a fair kind of 
EBITDA margin level that one can see in our business? 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Virender Jeet: 
We are a product based business with high, very high gross margins. So in case you stop 
investing like in a very bad year. You end up expanding margins, because finally, the gross 
margin starts reflecting the net margin position. But our aim is to invest our growth, invest in 
product development, go and spend on travel, go and spend on sales and marketing. 
So what we have said that on a way we want to maintain it around kind of a 18% to 20% net 
margin with around 23% to 25% EBITDA margin in the medium term. Whether we reach that 
into this year, next year those depends on how the top line and the costs unfold. But, you're right 
product companies can generate much higher EBITDA margins any time their growth rate slow 
down for some time, because overall the business is generating a lot of margin. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Absolutely. But it's not one either, right? I mean we can do both continue to invest as well as per 
optimum requirement as well as, continue to generate healthy margins for us as a company? 
Virender Jeet: 
I hope so. I think that happens more at bigger sizes. I think right now with this kind of a turmoil, 
in the system in terms of cost basis, high attrition, uncertainty, you will have to sometimes 
reinvest for the growth to return or sometimes also wait for just the returns and not invest in 
growth like we had the last two years. 
So you can't balance it every time, but on a long term, yes. I think the business will keep on 
expanding margins as a percentage of subscription revenue growth as a percentage of volume of 
business growth, because your cost bases are fixed. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Fair enough. That's interesting. And my last query is interesting that you mentioned about $500 
million revenue in next five to six years, right? So that factor in your growth that you might see 
from trade finance platform and even this robotic process automation that kind of you have 
recently launched as well and more product into the pipeline, right? 
Virender Jeet: 
So our long-term goal of being a first $1 billion company or doing 500 million over the next five 
years, these goals -- all the initiatives are towards those goals/ vision. So there is not a single 
entity even the current product lines have enough capacity to take us there and we'll keep on 
doing these new initiatives. 
So we have, so the idea of what we are trying to communicate is we will always be interested in 
growth, spending aggressively for that growth. And pursuing all avenues to make sure we grow 
at much higher speeds than traditional growth rate. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Harsh Shah: 
All right. I just wanted to understand that in one of your slides, you mentioned that the 
subscription revenues at around INR 79 crore and then when you give the revenue breakup below 
that, you have mentioned that SaaS revenue is 10%, which comes to around INR 22 crores. So, 
just wanted to understand the difference between INR 22 crore on SaaS and INR 79 crore on 
subscription revenue? 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I think the SaaS is typically the revenues as we have changed the licensing from 
perpetual licenses to cloud-based or SaaS-based licenses. This is the licensing part of annuity-
based license we are generating. That has reached around 10% of the business. On the other 
hand on the traditional license sale we are charging an annuity, which is called traditionally 
called the ATS. 
That is remaining part of our, around INR 55 crores for the quarter. So collectively between 
subscription revenue which is a combination of our SaaS subscription and traditional license 
subscription, which is called ATS which is roughly around, now INR 79 crores, INR 80 crores 
for this quarter. 
Harsh Shah: 
 
This -- sorry. 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Please go ahead, Harsh. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes. So the INR 22 crore, which is the 10% of our revenue which you qualify as SaaS? This is 
typically based on volume basis, right? This is the revenue which is based on per transaction or 
per item basis? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. This is typically per user per month sold at per user per month or sold as an annual license 
charge. So on this license fee, there is no perpetual right to license. This is kind of a consumption 
based license or a PUPM based license on that. 
Harsh Shah: 
And the remaining INR 55 crore is fixed in nature, regardless of volume? 
Virender Jeet: 
No. It is not. It also varies, but for that to vary you have to sell additional license to the customer 
on which you will generate 20%, 22% of the ATS. So the first one, is equally divided. The 
second one is the majority is upfront loaded which you've already realized previously and only 
are getting only 22%. 
Harsh Shah: 
And other question following is to, do we have any plans to get into the transaction side of the 
business? Because, globally the payment side the payment business, not typically transaction 
but payment business, which is expected to grow phenomenally well. So are we already present 
there? Or do we want to be there? Any thoughts on that? 
Virender Jeet: 
So we would continue to be a software product company and providing software products in 
various spaces and in financial services we keep on expanding into different verticals. But we 
don't, we are not a payments business or a transaction based payments business. We don't have 
any plans to go into that business. 
Harsh Shah: 
No. I mean you reframe it. Not getting into business what Paytm does, but would you be an 
enabler for them the back end, which someone like Paytm or you have many fintechs, which are 
into BNPL, all that kind of stuff. Would you be into software services, which enables them or 
helps them in doing that things? 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Virender Jeet: 
We have software products which help those businesses, and there are some customers who are 
using our software products in part of their payments businesses. But it's one of the spaces in 
many spaces we operate, but in terms of looking at it as a focus area on which we want to build 
growth we have not paid too much attention to that right now. 
Harsh Shah: 
Understood and on the annuity part. So when we say our annuity revenue is around INR 142 
crore for this quarter. So do we mean that if you stop investing this is the revenue, which we will 
continue to get? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. This is, so what we call annuity is generally the contracts, which are renewed year after 
year. So while there's two parts of this. One is the subscription, which is typically our license 
profile, where the gross margins are in the range of 90% or higher. 
The second part is about a higher degree of support, which is a customer support which people 
contract for year after year. The revenue profile is more like service revenue profile. But both 
these things are contracted year after year as a renewal contracts. That's why we call them in 
part of the annuity revenue so. 
Harsh Shah: 
So subscription revenue is a subset of annuity revenue? Is that correct? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. Exactly, subscription is a subset of annuity revenue. 
Harsh Shah: 
So the INR 142 crore includes INR 79 crore? 
Virender Jeet: 
Includes INR 79 crores. The difference is the INR 79 crores is a high gross margin revenue. It 
has got a license gross margin kind of no cost. While as the remaining part of INR 63 crores has 
got the margin profile, has a service margin profile. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Utkarsh Katkoria from PGIM India Mutual Fund. 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
Just continuing on this revenue split. If you could please explain, it's in your presentation, 
revenue split by segment. So when we talk about annuity plus subscription revenues, what does 
that include? So when I look at revenue split by segment, it says implementation, 16%; support, 
28%; ATS/AMC, 25%. Can you help us understand that chart? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, so if you look at the revenue segment, there are 3. One is the sale of software, which is the 
license software sale, which is perpetual in nature... 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
Which is SaaS? 
Virender Jeet: 
No. So SaaS is a license sale, which is sold as subscription, but traditionally since we are still 
older customers and existing customers who buy in the perpetual license mode, there is a onetime 
license sold and only the ATS get started, added to the annuity part of the business. So that's 
roughly around 15%, then you have this -- sorry, not 15%. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Yes, so then the second part of  which is called the SaaS revenue or SaaS license, which is around 
10% of our revenue. This is typically software sold as PUPM basis. Generally, on cloud or an in 
premise, but the licensing model is PUPM. The third one is the ATS/AMC. ATS/AMC is that 
for the traditional perpetual license we have sold for many years. I get a 20% annuity for all that 
same every year. So that is what the 25% of that is my revenue is coming from ATS/AMC.  
Support is another head, which is typically people beyond our standard ATS contract as for 
additional support in which because they have larger complex implementations, they got more 
people to have a dedicated support team. So that is... 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
Support classified as subscription plus annuity or support is not classified in that category? 
Virender Jeet:  
Support is part of annuity revenue because the profile of revenue is that it gets renewed every 
year. But it's not put in subscription revenue because the margin profile, that is very different. 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
So can I safely say that support plus ATS/AMC plus SaaS is your subscription plus annuity 
revenue? That pool includes these 3 buckets? 
Virender Jeet: 
Exactly. We call it together annuity revenue. 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
And implementation and other services and sale of products outside the annuity revenue? 
Virender Jeet: 
Exactly. Yes. 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
And we expect this annuity revenue stream to keep increasing, which has relatively better 
margins? 
Virender Jeet: 
Exactly. So that's the whole idea, so because that's more predictable revenue we are able to 
remove the jerkiness in our business. We want to be able to smoothen the quarter or the lopsided 
nature of the businesses by increasing this annuity portion. 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
Okay, and just a follow-up, if you can explain what is the sale of products? 
Virender Jeet: 
Sale of product is generally, before we used to sell our software license as PUPM, we used to 
sell it as perpetual license. And even today, we do in some deals, we have perpetual license. 
Again, if a government is coming with an RFP and they want to buy software, they would say 
they would like to buy a perpetual license. That means they get right to use it perpetually, but 
they will pay you a recurring support charges or on EPS charges, which is typically for upgrade, 
maintenance. So that is what... 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
And implementation is just a onetime thing, right? You implement the software for your client 
and that is done? That revenue accrues and then there is nothing recurring about that? 
Virender Jeet:  
Exactly and it's also customers can again contract you for something more, but yes, once the 
contract is over, there is no recurring element of the implementation. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Saurabh Sadhwani from Sahasrar Capital. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Congratulations on the good results. I wanted to know some details about the trade finance 
platform. So how are you pricing the trade finance platform? Is it based on a per-transaction 
charge or is it based on a per user per month basis? And secondly, what would be the average 
deal size for the trade finance platform? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So there are different. So first, to understand about trade finance, first of all, licensing model 
remains as same as the underlying platform licensing. The way we sell our low-code platform, 
the content management platform, which is based on some kind of usage, whether it's number 
of users, number of transactions, number of servers, it depends on that. Over and above that, 
depending on the complexity of trade, there are multiple levels of trade solutions. So the smallest 
trade deal on, can be like a few crores. It can be roughly around INR 3 crores, INR 4 crores, and 
the larger one could be like as large as INR 15 crores to INR 20 crores. So it depends on the 
usage and a number of modules which that business is buying. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
So the average deal size would be, average yearly revenue from a client in trade finance platform 
would be around? 
Virender Jeet: 
Can be easily around INR 5 crores, INR 6 crores. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
And what was the deal size for the logos added in this quarter, the average deal size for the 14 
new logos that we have added? 
Virender Jeet: 
I'm sorry, I don't have that data offhand, but maybe you can write and we can help you. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Yes, sure. No problem. 
Virender Jeet: 
So on our average deal size has continuously for so many years kept on growing. They would 
have grown on this time, so we can send you the exact data. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jitendra Chawla, an individual investor. 
Jitendra Chawla: 
I have just one question from you. I mean our business doesn't require rather than the 
promotional spend that you do, which you call investment every year. And hence, we are net 
cash flow-positive. So, and that cash pile is kind of increasing and it's affecting our ROCE 
negatively. So what plans do we have to utilize this cash? Are you looking at any inorganic 
opportunities and if not could there be a possibility for a buyback, because our valuations are 
very attractive? Any buybacks which you do would be very EPS- accretive? So if you can show 
some light on that. 
Virender Jeet:  
Thanks, Jitendra. So you're right. So we have accumulated cash and I think we are very happy 
that as a product company, $100 million, we are generating cash and profits, which is a rare 
thing. Having said that, our core focus right now is all on growth and invest whatever we have 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
for growth. So that means also exploring inorganic opportunities in markets which will suit us 
for really rapidly growing further. 
We are giving ourselves some time, maybe a year or so, to look at options and beyond that, in 
the meantime, we'll still be accumulating and generating more cash. And if we are not able to 
successfully deploy it, then we'll look at various options of returning, either higher dividend or 
buyback to shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Happy Diwali to you all. My question is regarding the growth you said that in five, six years, 
you will be a $0.5 billion company. So that suggests a very high growth rate. So the question is 
that, are you thinking of inorganic growth during this 5-year period or the products that you have 
will lead to such a wonderful growth outcome? 
Virender Jeet: 
Thanks, Rajesh, for the question. So on the answer, let me clarify. So the aspiration of doing 
$500 million has not been translated directly into a target. Having said that, we are looking at all 
avenues as, inorganic is not off the table. 
We are looking at inorganic ways but right now, the kind of products that we have in terms of 
the low-code product and the content management product, there's enough market globally for 
that. The market itself is growing. And we have got excellent customer base. We're showing a 
lot of confidence in that product. So we don't see the product or the product coverage being a 
challenge in doing that.  
But of course, the challenge is in terms of how fast can we establish ourselves in the mature 
markets, how fast can we exclude the GSI ecosystem selling our products. Those will be some 
of the challenges we'll keep on investing on and working on that. The current product, whether 
it's trade or RP or the new version, they will all help in that cause. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So let's say, if we think about three year timeframe and let's exclude any inorganic growth, what 
kind of organic growth can we expect from the current and future products in the business? 
Virender Jeet:  
See, we have grown for a very, very long period of around 20%, and with some of these 
initiatives, we want to accelerate it beyond 20%. So I would say that next two, three years, we 
should be able to -- if everything fires, we should be able to accelerate this much beyond 20%. 
And that is where we can reach on that, but it's very difficult for me to put our number right now 
on that. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So you're saying the floor is 20%? And depending on how the market develops for some of these 
newer products, it could potentially be in that 25% plus range? Is that a fair way to understand 
your thinking? 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Virender Jeet:  
Yes. I think that we have a bare minimum expectation of doing 20% because that's what 
historically the minimum company has been delivering. And now all these initiatives and all the 
investments which we have done in various areas should accelerate the growth further. We are 
anticipating and having hopes of even higher than 25%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. 
Ankush Agrawal:  
Sir, firstly, on the increase in our cost base that we have seen, it's been a sharp increase Q-on-Q 
as well. And in Q1 in the last quarter, you had mentioned that this year you're budgeting around 
18% to 19% growth in the cost for the year. But if I look at this number and if I assume that you 
don't do the same kind of cost number for next 2 quarters as well, we are broadly going to 
increase our cost sales of more than 25%. So what's changing that outlook from 18%-19% to 
this very high number, if you can highlight that? 
Virender Jeet:  
Yes. So I don't think we have an outlook of 18%-19% ever. We had a high -- we have already 
an outlook of around more than 20% of growth. So 22%-24% was already projected as possible. 
So there is no surprise on the cost front. The only surprise is probably on the manpower side, we 
had higher cost because the market kept on pressurizing. And even for the first H1 of this year, 
there were higher attrition, which would increase the cost base. There's an element of growth 
also, which will factor in that cost. 
So on the cost base, we don't have too many surprises. We see that over the next 2 quarters, the 
cost remaining or even reducing from this level and with our targeted growth rate achieve that, 
we should be able to expand margins. 
Ankush Agrawal:  
So what you're saying is the cost this for next quarter is going to remain flattish on the absolute 
terms that you are saying?  
Virender Jeet:  
Exactly. On the absolute terms, yes. Compared to the Q2 cost of this year, Q3 and Q4 is going 
to be slightly lower. 
Ankush Agrawal:  
Okay, and this would be a recurring phenomenon for coming years that Q1 and Q2 would have 
the hike and then stay flattish from the beginning of the quarter? 
Virender Jeet: 
Exactly. So what happens generally in April and our June, this is the largest increment cycle in 
the company, and that is where the – because a lot of fresh people get regularized on that and a 
lot of people have increment cycles in the capital. That's why I think Q1 and Q2 are the higher 
quarters and then it gets normalized for Q3-Q4. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay, and another comment that you made, I think, last quarter on the cost front as well that 
going ahead, we can do 10% kind of revenue growth with every 6%-7% kind of cost increase. 
So does that hold through in the going through the coming years as well or does this change in 
that outlook given that you are now targeting the $500 million in very high growth rate? 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Virender Jeet  
Yes. So what I had explained is that we don't need proportionate manpower for the revenue 
growth. So for every 10% of revenue growth, we need more like 5% of manpower growth, so 
because a lot of our revenue streams are disconnected from manpower. So, but manpower is a 
part of our cost. What has happened today, the costs are going more in regularization of travel, 
which is around 5% of the overall cost revenue and then also regularization of SG&A expenses, 
improved marketing, face-to-face events, offices. So this year, it's generally going to be resetting 
the cost base and next year onwards, then we should be able to track and win the efficiency in 
that. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Good. Lastly, again something on the cost fronts... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Agrawal may we request you to return to the queue? There are several participants waiting 
for their turn, sir. We take the next question from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI 
Prudential Asset Management. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Just I'm not sure whether you clarified or not. I joined in late. So look at US based SaaS 
companies have been speaking about a slowdown in decision-making and having an impact on 
their top line. So are you seeing similar trends in US and what is the overall outlook, if you can 
just throw some light? Are you seeing, is there some impact of the recession or any slowdown, 
do you think? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So Sameer, we answered this question a bit. I think probably you missed it. I think on the 
US side, there is a much bigger pain than what we can see in India, APAC and Middle East 
because of -- and a lot of customers are sharing that there is an uncertainty around corners. So 
as a result of that, we do see uncertainty in decision making. 
But how much does it translate into business and what numbers do we hit is very difficult to 
predict? We think that in next 2 quarters, we should still be able to push a bit of growth in US, 
but how fast is a different thing. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And UAE and I mean middle East and India is not affected by that in that sense? 
Virender Jeet: 
So far, we are not finding it. I hope it remains that way, and Middle East is oil price has the 
economy, I think right now, it's holding well in India. I don't think it's getting touched. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And also looking at the current performance, our 22% to 23% margin guidance, does that hold 
or are we seeing medium term, we would have that? But in the short term, in FY '23, do you 
think that will be a risk FY '23 and FY '24? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, generally, in this year, I think as I said, we are -- this is a process of resetting the cost base. 
Lot of costs this year are also unnatural. In terms of some manpower costs are unnatural, in terms 
of number of cycles of increments, number of the churn because of iterations. So you have to 
add and you lose talent very fast. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
The travel is not returning, and the efficiency of that travel and the business development will 
start reflecting in the turnover in next two quarters. So I think this year, we have, as I said last 
year, last year's margins are unrealistic because a lot of those things we are not... 
Sameer Dosani: 
I'm just comparing your guidance because that is what you had spoken about right, 22%, 23%? 
Virender Jeet:  
Yes. So we are generally looking at still have a target of between 17% to 18% of PAT. We may 
fall short of that. It depends on how we hit on the top line. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And lastly, how is the GSI relationship going? Because you have worked hard for that. How are 
you seeing things, is there some progress that you can share on that? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think we are extremely happy with what's happening out there. I think more and more GSIs are 
finding very interesting to carry over products. The funnel is growing. We are not very happy 
with the conversion rates out there and the deal flow so far. 
Having said that, we did close 2 deals this quarter as well, and we expect in the remaining part 
of the year to have some acceleration in that. But it is still a long way to go, and we're working 
on it. 
Sameer Dosani: 
These two deals are US-based? 
Virender Jeet:  
One is US, one is Australia. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now invite the management of Newgen 
Software Technologies Limited to add a few closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Thank you so much, everyone for participating in the call. For the pending queries, would like 
to connect one-on-one if possible and for any other further questions, you can also go to our 
website. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
