 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
October 25, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip ID: BSOFT 
Scrip Code: 532400 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: BSOFT 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department 
 
 
Subject: - 
Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 21, 2022 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings call of the Company held on October 21, 2022. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-filings, under the head – 
Quarterly Reports  Earnings Call  Transcript.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Birlasoft Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Sneha Padve 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Sneha 
Prashant 
Padve
Digitally signed 
by Sneha 
Prashant Padve 
Date: 2022.10.25 
10:00:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Birlasoft Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT MR. DHARMENDER KAPOOR -- CEO AND MD, 
BIRLASOFT LIMITED 
MR. CHANDRASEKAR THYAGARAJAN – CFO, 
BIRLASOFT LIMITED 
MR. ROOP SINGH -- CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER, 
BIRLASOFT LIMITED 
MR. SHREERANGANATH KULKARNI -- CHIEF 
DELIVERY OFFICER, BIRLASOFT LIMITED 
MR. ARUN RAO -- CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER, 
BIRLASOFT LIMITED 
MR. ANIRBAN THAKUR – HEAD, TREASURY & 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Birlasoft Limited Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”then “0” on your 
touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anirban Thakur. Thank you, and over to you. 
Anirban Thakur: 
Thank you, Faizan, and welcome, everyone. This is Anirban from Investor Relations team. And 
joining us on this call, we have our CEO and MD – Mr. Dharmender Kapoor, DK as we call 
him; our CFO –  Mr. Chandrasekar Thyagarajan; Chandru as we call him; Mr. Roop Singh –  
joining from U.S., our Chief Business Officer; Mr. Shreeranganath Kulkarni, SK, as we call him 
– our Chief Delivery Officer; and we also have with us Mr. Arun Rao – our Chief People Officer. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from Mr. Kapoor and then Mr. Chandru. 
Please note that anything that we say on this call on the company's outlook for the future is a 
forward-looking statement and must be read in conjunction with the disclaimer mentioned in our 
Q2 FY '23 investor update, which has been sent to you and also uploaded on the stock exchanges. 
I now hand over the call to DK. Over to you, DK. Thank you. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Thank you, Anirban. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Birlasoft's Second Quarter 
Financial Year '22-'23 earnings call. We continued our steady performance in the second quarter 
with revenue at $148.8 million, registering a sequential growth of 0.1% and a year-on-year 
growth of 8.7%. Sequential growth in constant currency terms is at 1.1% and year-on-year terms 
to constant currency growth is at 11% for Quarter 2. 
New deal momentum continues to be good with new deal wins at $138 million in quarter 2, up 
by 32.6% on a year-on-year basis. In fact, this quarter is probably the best quarter in the last 4 
or 5 quarters that we have seen from the wins perspective. The TCV for the quarter was also 
healthy at $166 million. 
EBITDA margin stood at 14.8%, up 9 bps quarter-on-quarter. Chandru will provide more color 
on the margins later. In Quarter 1, we had switched to reporting attrition, which is more in line 
with the industry. The good news is that we have seen a further drop in our LTM attrition 
number, which fell from 27.9% in quarter 1 to 27.4% in Q2, a drop of 50 bps. While it still 
remains elevated, we expect to see further improvement going ahead, this will help to support 
our margins in the future. When I look at the impending attrition for the current quarter, which 
is quarter 3, it is already showing very healthy sign with respect to that attrition lowering down 
to the level where it will start getting comfortable for us. 
Profit after tax stood at $14.4 million and was up 2.9% year-on-year and down 7.6% quarter-on-
quarter. When we look at the PAT in rupee terms, it was at Rs. 1,151 million, up 11.6% year-
on-year and down 4.7% quarter-on-quarter. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
In terms of verticals, the growth was led by BFSI and CMT under manufacturing, BFSI was up 
15% year-on-year and 7.7% quarter-on-quarter while CMT was up 19.4% year-on-year and 
5.6% quarter-on-quarter. Horizontal growth was led by business and technology transformation 
with high growth of 17.5% year-on-year and 3.4% quarter-on-quarter. And cloud and based 
services with high growth of 10.4% year-on-year and 6.2% quarter-on-quarter. 
So, if you really look at the services or the Horizontal, it is very much on the expected lines. And 
the trend that we are seeing in the industry, and we are able to align ourselves very well with the 
industry. Growth continues to be driven by larger accounts. With top 5, top 10 and top 20 
customers continue to grow at 13.8%, 13.4% and 13.1% on a year-on-year basis, respectively. 
Our year-on-year customer count of $5 million plus revenue improved by 7% and that of $10 
million plus improved by 2%. Active customer count remains steady at 301. The head count at 
the end of 30th September stood at 12,758 and saw an addition of 193 professionals quarter-on-
quarter and 693 professional on year-on-year basis. We have hired 253 freshers in Q2 and plan 
to hire approximately 500 in the next half of the financial year '23. 
Birlasoft continues to get various recognitions. Birlasoft has been recognized as a U.S. mid-
market leader in the SAP S/4HANA system transformation in the ISG Provider Lens SAP 
ecosystem report. This is the second consecutive year for Birlasoft to be positioned as a leader 
in the U.S. mid-market in SAP S/4HANA System Transformation space. Birlasoft has 
strengthened its relationship with SAP by leveraging the rise and SAP to transform its digital 
landscape on to the cloud with enterprises adopting a cloud for strategy. This move will enable 
us to accelerate our clients' transformation journey substantially. 
In conclusion, as the uncertainty around the macros have increased with respect to the impending 
recession and the geopolitical issues, we continue to remain watchful. However, we expect 
opportunities in the digital and cloud ecosystem to remain very resilient. 
With this, I would like to hand it over to Chandru. Chandru, over to you. 
T. Chandrasekar: 
Thank you, DK. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, everyone. Hope you're doing 
well. Let me take you through some financial highlights for the quarter Q2 FY '23. Revenue, as 
DK said, was at $148.8 million, growth of 10 basis points quarter-on-quarter, 8.7% year-on-
year. In rupees terms, the revenue was Rs. 1,192 crore, a sequential growth of 3.3% and a year-
on-year growth of 17.8%. Our constant currency revenue growth was at 1.1% for Q2 
sequentially. Year-on-year, the revenue growth was 11%. 
EBITDA for Q2 was at $22 million versus $21.9 million in Q1, which resonated growth of about 
70 basis points quarter-on-quarter and 7.2% year-on-year. In INR terms, EBITDA was Rs. 176 
crore versus Rs. 170 crore in the prior quarter, and that's a growth of 3.9% quarter-on-quarter 
and 16.2% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at 14.8% as DK said, and that's an improvement 
of 9 bps on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Margin improvements were aided by lower cost of service 
delivery, lower travel cost based on the various actions that we take. We took internally higher 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
offshore mix and productivity improvement overall. Margins were impacted by higher cost 
hiring, which continue due to the attrition, 4 points that DK made. We also had some retention 
cost. And in addition, we had increment stack kicked in effective July 2022. 
We have had significant improvement in our operating cash flow and free cash flow in the 
previous quarter. Our operating cash flow was $20 million, and that represents around 92% of 
EBITDA as against a negative EUR 0.2 million in the first quarter. Our free cash flow was $16.8 
million, 78% of EBITDA, and it was a negative number in Q1 as well. 
Our Q2 PAT stood at $14.4 million versus $15.5 million in the prior quarter, it was down 7.6% 
quarter-on-quarter, and up 2.9% year-on-year. The call-off here I wanted to make was, one, we 
did have lower finance income because of the payouts that we made towards buyback in the past 
quarter. In addition, there was an impact on account of exchange translation on a quarter-on-
quarter basis and that cost reduction in PAT for the quarter. 
In rupee terms, the PAT stood at Rs. 115.1 crore versus Rs. 120.7 crore in Q1. The ETR in the 
past quarter was lower at 21.8% versus 25.7% in Q1, and this was because of some tax refunds 
that we got in the U.S. for prior period. We expect the steady state ETR to be between 25% and 
26%. 
DSO stood at 56 days, that's an improvement of 2 days sequentially. As I said, we did have good 
cash collections and our cash performance last quarter reflecting a DSO as well. Cash and cash 
equivalents, including investments, stood at $97.7 million, that is Rs. 794.7 crore for Quarter 2 
versus $152.5 million or Rs. 1,204 crore in Q1. The reduction is largely in account of the share 
buyback program that we completed in the second quarter. 
In conclusion, I believe that we are building on our steady performance. We’ve been seeing 
healthy new wheel wins, improved DSO and moderating attrition. At the same time, we're 
closely tracking the macro and geopolitical development across markets. With it, let me turn it 
open for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Shradha Agrawal from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
The question was given the demand environment that we are in, how do we look at the revenue 
trajectory in the second half? And also, do you expect the usual seasonality of 2H to play out? 
And if that is the case, then we might fall short of doing double-digit growth in '23 versus earlier 
expectations of doing 15% growth. So, of your comments on demand environment and how do 
you see 2H stacking up? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Yes. Thank you, Shradha. If I look at the demand environment, so far the discussions that I have 
been having with our clients and the response that we have seen so far, I would say that the 
clients are being cautious, I would say that. They know that the initiatives that they have to take, 
those are very, very important initiatives for their business. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
So, they are not saying that they are going to drop those initiatives. But very clearly, I can see 
the trend where they are taking longer than before to decide and take a decision on awarding the 
projects. At the same time, they are extending the timeline. That means that they are not dropping 
the project, but they may take longer to finish the project so that the outflow in the cash is lesser, 
but they still have to continue to go ahead with the initiatives that they planned. So, that would 
mean that the execution will become slower because I can clearly see in the quarter 2 that the 
number of wins if you look at, our number of wins are very good. The new wins that we had, 
EN plus NN is better than the previous quarters. 
But if I continue to look at many of the programs, the execution has slowed down where the 
client is taking time to begin the projects, okay? They are taking longer on that. At the same 
time, they are saying that can we finish the project in a longer period of time so that then their 
cash outflow is planned accordingly. So, that is what I'm seeing. 
Now are we really looking at double-digit growth, we are still looking for the double-digit 
growth because we believe that we have some significant wins that have been made in this 
quarter and some of the previous quarters, that will start giving us better revenue as the attrition 
goes down because one of the reasons the execution goes slow from our side is the high attrition 
and the joining ratio, okay, getting dropped because of the people not joining in time. And this 
is pretty much with everyone in the industry. 
We are seeing that our impending attrition is now dropping by 4%, 5% in the quarter 3. We are 
still in the first month, but we are already seeing that it is going to be lower than the quarter 2. 
But that is the case that would mean that we will be able to realize our revenue in a much better 
way than what we have been able to do in the quarter 1 and quarter 2. So, we have the wins. We 
have the projects that have to start. At the same time, we had to take the revenue realization done 
in time. And I think that quarter 3 from that perspective will be better. 
However, there are certain headwinds that you said that seasonality for quarter 3 is always there 
where it is a relatively shorter quarter from the number of days perspective because of the 
number of holidays that are there. But we are working on how do we keep our people productive 
and how do we plan the vacations or other things in such a way that the impact is minimal. 
At the same time, we are working with our clients in order to really look at what should be the 
strategy in case any one of them decide that they have to have a furlough? Because we saw 2 
cases coming for furlough in the quarter 2 as well. So, we are working on that. And at the same 
time, we are able to negotiate with our clients as to how will we have a better approach to manage 
giving the services in the continuous basis. So, from that perspective, we remain hopeful that, 
yes, we will show the double-digit growth for the year overall. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
And another question is, I mean, we saw very strong growth in BFSI. So, was it to do with some 
deal ramp-up? And likewise, we saw a decline in Life Sciences. Could you call out the reasons 
for the performance in these 2 verticals? 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Absolutely. Yes, BFSI absolutely that there is a good deal. There are some new deals. At the 
same time, we are growing very well with a couple of large customers, okay? So, our strategy 
of cross-selling is working very well. And as I have been saying that BSFI as a sector is really 
finding their feet in the digital space in a much more confident way now because they had taken 
care of their legacy modernization during this time of last 3, 4 quarters or a little more than that. 
I think BFSI is coming back. 
With Life Sciences, I don't see anything wrong with the sector per se. But as you know that we 
have been rationalizing some of our revenues in the last quarter because of some of the projects 
getting finished. But in the quarter 2, we did have the furlough also. If that was not going to be 
there, probably it would have ended up flat. But unfortunately, we got the furlough on the Life 
Sciences side. But if I look at the conversation that we are having with our customers, I don't see 
if there's any impact on the demand or any challenge with the sector per se. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
And the revenue moderation that we were seeing in the large account in health care, is that over? 
And is that a steady account for us now? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Yes, it is a steady account for us now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, just a follow-up on the previous one. Sir, I'm not clear why we are not seeing growth in 
health care vertical or Life Sciences vertical for many quarters now. It has been, I think 4, 5 
quarters. So, how should we see growth in that vertical? And what is causing the stagnation in 
the health care life business? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
So, I would not say the stagnation. If you look at traditionally, and I think we have to look at the 
vertical presence that we have in the light of the horizontal work that we have been doing for 
both customers. If you look at in the Life Sciences, we were very strong in the enterprise 
solutions, okay? And we have started growing on the digital direction there. If you look at in the 
Life Sciences vertical because of the presence in the enterprise solutions or the ERP, those are 
the nature of the projects that will eventually finish at some point of time. And the support 
revenue will be lower than the revenue that was there in the project execution. 
So, there is no movement with respect to whether we have closed any account or something like 
that. In fact, we continue to win more number of clients also. But because our project-based 
revenue and ERP revenue was higher in the Life Sciences, it has shown the impact because we 
will take -- we are taking time in really converting that into the digital. We are growing in the 
digital data area, cloud area. But of course, it will take time for us to really turn the tide in that 
direction. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, as a follow-up, if we don't have to look at it from a vertical perspective and more from a 
service line perspective, what is your view on the enterprise solutions given the deal pipeline 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
and the TCVs you have? It is certainly not growing, but should we expect some declines ahead 
in enterprise solution? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
No, I don't think that we should expect the declines ahead because slowly, we are reaching to a 
point where we continue to win and deliver almost similar to what we will continue to have any 
drop due to the ERP project completion. So, now I think we are in a stage where we should start 
growing our digital revenue as well as our annuity revenue in this particular area as well. 
I don't think that we need to look at this on the service line perspective. I'm only giving the color 
right now because of the shift in the revenue that we have been making in a way as a part of 
thought-out strategy because we have been able to do very well in the manufacturing space for 
high-tech and CMT space actually, or even if you look at in the BFSI space, we have been able 
to grow our annuity and digital revenue much, much faster. I think we need to pick up the speed 
on the life sciences also on that front. And I don't think that this is going to be the case where 
we'll continue to see the decline. 
Mohit Jain: 
But sir, on ERP, do you have any split available like how should we see ERP service line split 
like anything which can help us project some trajectory? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
No, absolutely, we have. But it will be like too much of granular information that we will end 
up reporting because then there are multiple parameters that we look at, but at the vertical level, 
at the horizontal level, okay, we always have a metric structure. And when we create the budget 
as well as when we focus our revenue, report our revenue internally for the MIS purpose, we 
look at every dimension in order for us to look at what are the areas that need more attention and 
where is that we need to really put our sales force behind the offerings that we need to sell more. 
Mohit Jain: 
And last, was there any account transition from on-site to offshore during the quarter? Any 
project? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
There are a few, but there is nothing significant that I would say that there is a significant change 
that has happened. Yes, there is 1 large account where we have moved a significant number of 
people from on-site to offshore, okay, because of the compliance-related aspects that our client 
has, okay? So, we have moved a significant number of people in that particular account. But 
then there are some of the other accounts where, yes, we have moved the services to offshore in 
order for us to address the margin-related issues also because at the onsite, it is becoming 
difficult to have people as employees, more and more contractors are joining. So, we do not want 
to be in a position where we have overdependence on the contractors. So, there is a clear focus 
on that so that we can move that work to offshore. And that does impact us a little bit on the top 
line, but it does help from the bottom line perspective because as you know that we had to go 
through the increments and everything and the impact of that was about 2.1%, whereas we were 
able to really claw back approximately 1% to 1.2% from the operating levers, the margin 
improvement levers and that required us to move away from subcontractors moving work from 
on-site to offshore as well. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Mohit Jain: 
And sir, last is on margins. Like, now supply side issues going behind, wage hikes done for the 
year, and our margins were quite low compared to previous year. Should we expect a claw back 
towards 16%, 17% in the next few quarters? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
It will. I think could be movement -- not movement actually, but the quarter when our attrition 
starts coming down closer to 20%, okay, then I believe that we can start looking at the upward 
trend on the margins because there is nothing fundamentally wrong in the execution, except that 
the cost of people has gone up significantly during these 3, 4 quarters. But as we normalize, as 
we bring more and more freshers on board, as we correct our pyramid, as we migrate some of 
the work from on-site to offshore by letting some of the subcontractors go, this is going to come 
up. 
So, yes, I am confident that we will eventually come up to the same level but it is generally a 
slow movement, but we are confident that we will come back to the same level. 
Mohit Jain: 
Is there any headwind ahead in terms of margins, which we are missing? Like, there are a plenty 
of….. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
The only headwind that I'll see will be in the quarter 3, if there is any furloughs that come up, 
okay? Because if there are any furloughs at the client after so far, there is no pending furlough 
that we have or client has requested and we had to think about it, so far no. But quarter 3 is 
generally known for that. So, if that happens, then that would mean that we will end up taking a 
little bit of hit and that definitely a headwind on the margin side. 
And then for the support staff, we have shifted the increments to a later month, okay? So, that 
will happen in this month. But it will not be as much impacted as we saw in the quarter 2. So, 
that is another headwind. But at the same time, we have planned the margin improvement levers 
also. We continue to work on the pyramid correction. We continue to make the projection of 
billable and continue to bring junior people for or against senior people to all that we continue 
to do in order for us to improve the margins also. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, how much wage hike is left? Like how much impact would it be on cadence and how much 
is done? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
How much impact is left meaning, I didn't get the question. 
Mohit Jain: 
For the third quarter, the wage hike that are planned for support staff, how much impact in terms 
of basis points. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
I believe about 0.8% to 1%, not because significant piece, about 65%, 70% hit we have taken 
already in the quarter 2. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, quarter 2 is around 2% impact, is it? 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
That's correct. Yes. 
Mohit Jain: 
And 1% will come in third quarter? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Just want to get sense about the quarter 2 performance. Whether it played out in line with your 
expectation at the beginning of quarter, if better or weaker than what you expected. Can you 
help us understand what sectors played out? Second thing is about what areas of weakness or 
pocket of weakness, if you can help us understand where you are seeing signs of weakness 
emerging? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
It was lower than our expectations because I expected it to be much better, okay? Because when 
I look at the wins, okay, we were confident that I think we'll be able to realize the revenue, but 
we have not been able to realize as much as we would have liked it to be, okay? 
For example, I talked about 2 programs in the quarter 1, which got delayed. One of the programs 
started in the middle of the quarter 4, quarter 2, but the other one did not, okay? So, our 
expectation definitely from the quarter were high. Then the other headwind that I talked about 
that happened was furlough, okay? Then there was a project that got finished. While we knew 
that the project will finish but it was known that the client will actually go for some of the 
extended work on that direction before they get into the support and maintenance. But they 
decided that they will do that extension only in the later part of the financial year. So, that also 
did not come. 
So, there were those things that had happened, which at macro level I talked about that there is 
a slower execution or slower realization that has happened during the quarter 2. So, to answer 
your question in short, what we have delivered is definitely lesser than what we thought we could 
deliver. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
And just to probe it further, is it more execution kind of issues? If it is execution kind of issues, 
what we are doing it to improve from here on so such similar things should not happen into 
coming quarters? And the second question is, I think yet to be answered about pocket of 
weakness, which areas you are seeing from weakness? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Yes. So, if I look at, do we know that what are the areas that we need to focus, okay? Because 
what question that you have asked both the questions or the parts are very similar in nature that 
do we know what are the weaker areas that we need to address? Or what is that that we don't 
repeat in the coming quarters? So, yes, absolutely, we have identified. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
One that if you look at, we need to look at how do we get the better realization of the revenue 
for the deals that we have won, okay? And that required speed at which we can hire the talent, 
and we can upskill or reskill the existing employees so that we can redeploy them into the other 
engagement. So, that is one very clear focus area that we're identifying not only in the quarter 2, 
but we identified actually in the quarter 4 and quarter 1 that we will have to address that because 
attrition is not going to go away very, very soon and hence we need to be better prepared. 
And even when the attrition becomes better, to correct our pyramid, we will have to reskill and 
redeploy our people, okay, over the junior engineer that we hire. So, from that perspective, you 
would have even noticed that we have partnered with Coursera and we came out with that 
partnership this week. We announced that partnership this week. And the objective is very clear 
that how do we now get connected with the collegiate so that we train them there and bring. 
Now will that give me the benefit in quarter 3? No. But in quarter 4 and quarter 1, I'll start seeing 
some benefits coming from the students that I get who get trained initially and then we hire them 
for that. The time to make them productive in our organization is much shorter. At the same 
time, we are making all the content available to each employee within the organization so that 
the training can happen in a far more effective manner and cross-selling enough skilling can 
happen in a far more effective manner. 
That's one revenue realization because of the speedier talent acquisition and all that as something 
that, in my opinion is a major focus area because it's not that we have not been hiring, we have 
been hiring, but at the same time, when the attrition is high, the incremental hiring is only so 
much, and that means that you are not able to realize the revenue that you thought you will be 
able to do because you continued having wins. 
So, that is the challenge that is the top most in our mind. I talked about the life sciences just in 
the previous questions that, where is that we need to grow our annuity revenue, where is that we 
need to grow our digital revenue is also another focus area. Because of the digital projects and 
the enterprise projects, okay, the annuity revenue always stood at around 70% for us. But looking 
at the way market is moving, now we are planning that how do we go after the deal so that we 
can actually move our annuity revenue from 70% to 75% so that we can become more 
sustainable going forward. 
So, I think those are the specific area on top of my mind that strategically, we need to address in 
order for us to become more predictable and sustainable with the revenue. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood. And the last part is about in which verticals or which subvertical you are seeing 
signs of weakness? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Yes. So, I believe that we will remain strong in the manufacturing and manufacturing, CMT and 
BFSI. We will remain strong, and we continue to see very good momentum coming from our 
key clients. The life, I say, as well as the emergent utilities one where we have to really push 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
harder. I am very hopeful that we should be able to turn the tide and start moving up in both of 
the verticals very soon. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just wanted to understand, DK, what is the definition of our double-digit growth aspiration for 
FY 2023? Would it be close to 10%? Or will it be less than 15% as a whole? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Yes. I mean I believe that it will be higher than 10% and lesser than 15%. They are looking more 
and more apparent there, okay. While it may appear that it will be closer to the 10%, but we are 
really pushing hard as to how do we recoup the lost ground that we had in the quarter 1 and 
quarter 2 so that we can inch towards 15%. That's the way I look at current view with respect to 
our annual growth where we will see ourselves. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And can you share what was the subcontracting cost in this quarter and the last quarter? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Chandru, do you have that data handy with you if you can share that? 
T. Chandrasekar: 
Yes, I do. The subcontractor spend in dollar terms was flat quarter-on-quarter. While we did 
have a reduction in subcontractors around the end of the quarter, we expect to see an 
improvement in the third quarter. 
Sandeep Shah: 
So, DK, just wanted to understand, in the reply to previous question, you still say that demand 
fulfillment because of supply side issues continues to remain an issue. So, if subcontractor has 
been available, why we are not able to fulfill? And the demand fulfillment as an issue because 
of attrition is actually now 4 to 6 quarters in purchasing for the industry. Why are we still not 
working on this and not getting a proper handle and we are still calling out that this is an issue 
in terms of an execution as a whole? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
No, I think we are addressing, but I would say that probably we haven't seen as much benefit as 
we would like to see for various reasons because it is also that the nature of people that you 
require, the nature of engagements and the deals that you're winning, okay? So, there are multiple 
things that are there. At the same time, how do we try to have a fine balance between the top line 
and the bottom line so that we don't sacrifice the margin too much just by running after the top 
line also. 
So, there are multiple factors that are there. I mean we expect that, I mean, we should have done 
better on that front. But the end result is that the net addition that we had, it was lower than that 
we planned for because the attrition did happen while they have shaped better than in the 
previous quarter, but it is still significantly high to the level that it is still uncomfortable for any 
business. And I think that is what we want to address. 
It has started working not that we've not taken the action. We have taken the action, it has started 
working. As I said that if I look at the impending attrition for the quarter 3, it is looking to be 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
much, much better than the attrition that we had in the quarter 2, okay? So, we need to continue 
to remain watchful. We need to continue to work on the cost of resources that we hire. At the 
same time, how do we continue to reduce the attrition. So, it is showing the result. But probably 
you are not able to see as much a result in quarter 2. I hope that you'll be able to see that more 
in quarter 3. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just a related question. We are doing well in terms of new business TCV quarter-on-quarter, 
but that is not getting translated in the revenue. Almost now 3 quarters in the row where our 
growth is lower than your internal budgets as well. So, is it the nature of the deals which we are 
signing are more project based versus our aspiration was to balance out both side and improve 
the annuity side of the business? So, why we have not focused this despite this was one of the 
key objectives that you highlighted when you actually merged the KPIT's revenue with yourself? 
Because at that time also, we have done well but still looks like the project-based revenue 
continues to remain higher and plant specific issue keeps cropping up despite that and because 
of which the new business TCV is not getting translated into the revenue. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Correct. See, I think your question had the answer in it. We were doing well with 70%, 71% of 
the annuity when the project sizes were bigger, okay? As we are moving forward, the project 
sizes have become smaller. And the duration also have become smaller for those projects. And 
then the reason that the annuity at 70%, 71% may not be seen enough, okay? We did a good root 
cause analysis during this quarter as to what is that is not working well because we are having 
the wins that are required, okay? So, then why the realization is not there? And I'm not seeing 
realization from the perspective of the attrition or slower talent hiring. That is a known fact, 
okay, or the market situation. But there is more that we can do with respect to the annuity 
revenue. And that's the reason how I'm upping our goal for moving from 70%, 71% to 75% 
because if this is the kind of nature of the project that is going to happen, probably we need a 
higher annuity revenue. 
So, I think we need to really work on going after such deal where we can sign it for the longer 
period so that the runoff revenue that we have seen in the quarter 2 and some in actually in the 
quarter 1 also, if you can reduce that percentage, then it will be better. There will always be some 
cases where run-off revenue will be there. But then that percentage has to be reduced so that it 
leads us to the growth higher than we are seeing right now. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just last 2 questions. Is it fair to say these project-based revenues, which are not 
getting started are still there in the order book? And once the macro issue may stabilize, there 
could be blowout quarters or is it where clients are actually scrapping these projects and those 
impact may not come when the macro issue stabilizes? 
Second, how to look at margins in the Q3, Q4? Is it fair to say it may remain flat or may not 
decline or there could be an upward bias? And third, looking at offshore transition, is it fair to 
say the volume growth is much higher versus the constant currency growth of 1.1%? 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Yes. So, if you look at on the margin side, we are working towards getting back the hit that we 
have because of the increments or higher people costs, okay, so that we continue to work on that. 
As I said, that it is a slower process, okay? And as the attrition comes under control, I think it 
will pick up, we pay, and we will be able to show the upward trend on our margin side. Given 
the headwinds that we have in the quarter 3, I believe that we should try to maybe move up a 
little bit, otherwise, even if I am flat quarter-on-quarter, I'd be very happy because if I'm flat 
quarter-on-quarter, that means they are taken care of the increment headwind or any of the 
shorter quarter headwinds successfully. 
And if I come flat in quarter that also mean that my quarter 4 is going to become much better. 
Because with the same run rate, okay, we will be able to deliver definitely much better margin 
in the quarter 4. So, it will move upward. But quarter 3 is a tricky quarter, as you all know. So, 
we need to be watchful on that front. Since you asked, I think a couple of questions in your 
statement, probably I missed, what was the other point that you were talking about? If you can 
repeat, then I can answer. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, two things because there is a longer conversion cycle of projects into revenue conversion. 
Is it fair to say these projects will stay in the order book or there could be scrap of projects 
because of macro? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
So, far, I haven't seen where the clients have dropped a project. I have seen the cases where they 
have slowed down. For example, one of our manufacturing clients, okay, who was supposed to 
go live in the quarter 3, now they have extended that to the end of quarter 4. That means that 
now you are going to spread the same level of revenue across the 2 quarters, okay, remaining 
revenue across the 2 quarters. So, from that perspective, the project has not dropped, but I had 
to reduce my team that is working on the program in order for me to finish it by that time. So, 
from that perspective, the revenue realization have become lower on those cases. But I haven't 
seen where customers said that let us drop the project, I don't have the money because that is not 
the conversation. Thankfully, that's not the conversation that we are seeing. 
And if somebody predicted the doom that because of recession, there will be a negative growth 
and all that, we are not anticipating that, okay? I know that our growth could have been better in 
this quarter, but that doesn't mean that now we are too worried on that front. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And last question, which I asked was Chandru sir, if you can reply whether is it fair to say 
volume growth has been decently higher than 1.1% constant currency revenue growth because 
of the offshore flip? 
T. Chandrasekar: 
Yes. So, a short answer to the question is yes. Because of the on-site offshore flip that DK was 
talking about, the effective volume was higher if you look at the number of hours that we've 
deployed, but the revenues are pretty low because of differential rates that you look at. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Possible to disclose that volume growth? 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
T. Chandrasekar: 
It will be too much of information, Sandeep. But I can give you some broad details. I don't have 
it handy, but either Anirban or I will get back to you. 
Sandeep Shah: 
No issue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Debashish Mazumdar from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Debashish Mazumdar: 
Wish you all a very Happy Diwali. So, most of my questions have been answered. One small 
query that I have is that it is very clear that situation has become uncertain, especially for us, 
maybe. And in this scenario, how the pricing thing is moving for us? Are we able to pass on the 
prices? I understand because of offshore shift, we are not able to improve realization in this 
quarter. But is the rate card improvement or COLA adjustments are happening or we are facing 
difficulty there also? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Yes. So, it is happening. In fact, with a very large client, we just finished our negotiation on that 
front. And then we will be getting the price increase and all that very soon. So, all that 
negotiations are happening. The clients are agreeing also. There are other cases where we are 
getting the pushback also because clients say, they also have challenges on their side. 
So, if I look at from that perspective, I think it is still moving up on the existing engagement, 
okay, in a manner that we are tracking it and we are taking it up with the client so that we 
continue to sign up for the better prices. However, when it comes to the newer deals that we are 
signing, that all is coming with the higher margin and with the higher prices because we have 
updated our price list and any new deal that we go after, we go with the new price only. So, we 
continue to work on the multipronged strategy in order for us to get the better prices for the 
services that we deliver. 
Moderator: 
The current participant has left the question queue. The next question is from the line of Duby 
Rex from Cumulus Systems. Please go ahead. 
Duby Rex: 
Sir, this is regarding our aspirational target of $1 billion. Is there a shift in it? And second would 
be on the acquisition plans. Is there any update on that? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
No. There is no change in our plan for being $1 billion. We continue to keep that as a call because 
1 quarter here and there can always happen. And that doesn't mean that we have to change our 
goal. So, right now, we are keeping that goal to become a $1 billion at the time that we decide 
it. 
Duby Rex: 
 And regarding the acquisition, sir, any update on that, sir? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
On the acquisition side? 
Duby Rex: 
Is there any update on that, sir? 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
There's no new update as of now. I mean the only thing that I can say is that the hunt is on for 
the right candidate, but there is no update worth mentioning where we have moved forward in a 
more definitive way. 
Duby Rex: 
Because the reason I was asking is with the $1 billion target, there was a component of the 
inorganic ease also coming into it, right, sir? So, that is why I was asking if there is any shift in 
the timeline or anything to add? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Your question is absolutely correct question. Yes, that's the plan. 
Duby Rex: 
 So, the timeline won't be affected because of the acquisition plan, the target time line. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
No, we are keeping it as it is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devang Bhatt from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Sir, sorry to prod you on the same thing. But since there are macro headwinds, there is challenges 
in life science, E&U and furloughs in Q3. So, for us to even cross 10%, it seems difficult. So, 
what gives you the confidence that we would be able to manage? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
No. See, despite having the number of wins and the visibility that doesn't mean that I don't have 
to call a headwind a headwind, okay? There are headwinds that are there, but at the same time, 
we continue to work on the plans that how do we significantly improve on our top line as well 
as on the bottom line. So, headwinds are supposed to be there and they are there. But to have 
plans, the objective should be that when we are hit, okay, a dapple of time, do we stand up and 
make a plan in order to correct the situation? And I think we are in control, and we know what 
action we had to take. For that, we improve on both our top line and bottom line. 
Operator, if we don't have a question, I've just been closing remarks on that case there. So, once 
again, thank you very much for joining the call. Actually, my closing remarks are the same that 
I just said as an answer to the last question that we need to continue to look at what are the area 
of improvement for us. We need to dispassionately or sometime passionately also look at that 
these are the points that we need to address in order for us to become more and more sustainable 
and predictable. I think we moved the needle quite a bit okay, in the last 3 years, but it looks like 
that we once again have to work harder in order for us to improve our annuity revenue and also 
continue to look at that. We bring back the growth in the verticals where we have seen a decline. 
So, we'll continue to work on that, and I absolutely remain optimistic that we will be able to 
bring back the growth and the margins that is going to cheer all of you. 
With that, let me wish all of you a happy Diwali. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Birlasoft Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
