 
ICICI Bank Limited 
ICICI Bank Towers 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051, India. 
Tel.: (91-22) 2653 1414 
Fax: (91-22) 2653 1122 
Website www.icicibank.com 
CIN.: L65190GJ1994PLC021012 
Regd. Office: ICICI Bank Tower, 
Near Chakli Circle, 
Old Padra Road 
Vadodara 390007. India 
 
 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of the Earnings call with analysts and investors for the quarter 
ended September 30, 2022. The same can also be accessed on the link:  
 
https://www.icicibank.com/aboutus/qfr.page?#toptitle 
 
This is for your records and information. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For ICICI Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Ranjan 
Chief Manager 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
Vivek 
Ranjan
Digitally signed by Vivek Ranjan 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=e202014091290741f7276b0e
49a399ab80befeea1d60c04e92c73037
bebb2901, postalCode=400705, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6db6a9f19dc6558191c
afc901bde18c0194ae87dd3ff4bfdcbc9
961d94e56cea, cn=Vivek Ranjan 
Date: 2022.10.28 15:05:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
ICICI Bank Limited 
 
Earnings conference call - Quarter ended September 30, 2022 (Q2-2023) 
 
October 22, 2022 
 
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter 
alia concerning our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking 
statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws 
including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-
looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. 
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory 
changes, international economic and business conditions, political or economic 
instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations, increase in non-
performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, 
equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the 
adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for 
banking products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our 
exposure to market risks, changes in India’s sovereign rating, and the impact of the 
Covid-19 pandemic which could result in fewer business opportunities, lower 
revenues, and an increase in the levels of non-performing assets and provisions, 
depending inter alia upon the period of time for which the pandemic extends, the 
remedial measures adopted by governments and central banks, and the time taken 
for economic activity to resume at normal levels after the pandemic, as well as 
other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are 
based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this 
release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements 
to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could 
affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at 
www.sec.gov. 
 
This release does not constitute an offer of securities. 
 
 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICICI Bank Q2 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi -- Managing Director and CEO of 
ICICI Bank. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mr. Bakhshi’s opening remarks 
 
 Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings Call to discuss the 
results for Q2 of FY2023. Joining us today on this call are Anup, Sandeep Batra, Rakesh, 
Anindya and Abhinek.  
 
The Indian economy has seen a robust recovery from challenges posed by pandemic. 
However, we are currently experiencing volatility in the global economy and financial 
markets, geo political tensions and upward movements in inflation, interest and exchange 
rates. The authorities have been taking various measures to address the evolving situation. 
   
At ICICI Bank, we aim to grow the core operating profit in a risk-calibrated manner through 
a 360-degree customer-centric approach and by focusing on ecosystems and micro-
markets. We continue to operate within our strategic framework and strengthen our 
franchise, enhance our delivery and servicing capabilities and expand our technology and 
digital offerings.  
 
Coming to the quarterly performance against this framework: 
First- Growth in the core operating profit in a risk-calibrated manner through 
the focused pursuit of target market segments 
The core operating profit increased by 23.6% year-on-year to 117.65 billion Rupees in this 
quarter. Excluding dividend income from subsidiaries and associates, core operating profit 
grew by 24.4% year-on-year. The profit after tax grew by 37.1% year-on-year to 75.58 
billion Rupees in this quarter. 
Second-Further enhancing our strong deposit franchise 
Total period-end deposits grew by 11.5% year-on-year at September 30, 2022. During 
the quarter, average current account deposits increased by 15.5% year-on-year. Average 
savings account deposits grew by 16.0% year-on-year. Period-end term deposits grew 
by 10.5% year-on-year and 4.3% sequentially at September 30, 2022. The liquidity 
coverage ratio for the quarter was about 127%. 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Third-Growing our loan portfolio in a granular manner with a focus on risk 
and reward 
 
The retail loan portfolio grew by 24.6% year-on-year and 6.0% sequentially at September 
30, 2022. Including non-fund based outstanding, the retail portfolio was 44.2% of the total 
portfolio. The business-banking portfolio grew by 42.6% year-on-year and 10.8% 
sequentially. The SME portfolio grew by 26.5% year-on-year and 6.4% sequentially. The 
growth in SME and business banking portfolios was driven by leveraging our branch 
network and digital offerings such as InstaBIZ and Merchant Stack. The domestic corporate 
portfolio grew by 23.1% year-on-year and 6.8% sequentially at September 30, 2022 driven 
by growth across well-rated financial and non-financial corporates. The rural portfolio grew 
by 11.7% year-on-year and 3.8% sequentially. The domestic loan portfolio grew by 24.0% 
year-on-year and 6.0% sequentially. The overall loan portfolio grew by 22.7% year-on-year 
and 4.8% sequentially at September 30, 2022. 
Fourth-Leveraging digital across our business  
We continue to enhance our digital offerings and platforms to onboard new customers in 
a seamless manner and provide them end-to-end digital journeys and personalised 
solutions. These platforms also enable us to do cross sell and up sell. We have shared 
some details on our technology and digital offerings in slides 17 to 27 of the investor 
presentation.  
 
Fifth - Protecting the balance sheet from potential risks  
The net NPA ratio declined to 0.61% at September 30, 2022 from 0.70% at June 30, 2022 
and 0.99% at September 30, 2021. During the quarter, there were net additions of 6.05 
billion Rupees to gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale. The provisioning coverage 
ratio on NPAs was 80.6% at September 30, 2022. The total provisions during the quarter 
were 16.44 billion Rupees or 14.0% of core operating profit and 0.71% of average 
advances. This includes contingency provision of 15.00 billion Rupees made on a prudent 
basis. The Bank holds contingency provisions of 100.00 billion Rupees or about 1.1% of 
total loans as of September 30, 2022.   
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
Sixth- Maintaining a strong capital base  
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of 16.95%, Tier 
1 ratio of 17.51% and total capital adequacy ratio of 18.27% at September 30, 2022, 
including profits for H1-2023.  
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on growing the core operating profit in a risk-
calibrated manner. We will work as one team by facilitating cross-functional collaboration 
to tap into key customer and market segments, enabling 360-degree coverage and 
increase in wallet share. We will continue to make investments in technology, people, 
distribution and building our brand. The principles of “Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank” and 
“One Bank, One Team, One RoE” will guide our operations. We focus on building a culture 
where every employee in the Bank serves customers with humility and upholds the values 
of brand ICICI. We aim to be the trusted financial services provider of choice for our 
customers and deliver sustainable returns to our shareholders. 
I now hand the call over to Anindya. 
Anindya’s opening remarks 
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about balance sheet growth, credit quality, P&L details, 
growth in digital offerings, portfolio trends and performance of subsidiaries.  
A. Balance sheet growth 
Sandeep covered the loan growth across various segments. Coming to the growth across 
retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by 20.4% year-on-year and 4.4% sequentially. 
Auto loans grew by 19.0% year-on-year and 5.2% sequentially. The commercial vehicles 
and equipment portfolio grew by 5.6% year-on-year and 0.6% sequentially. Growth in the 
personal loan and credit card portfolio was 48.8% year-on-year and 11.8% sequentially. 
This portfolio was 1,077.49 billion Rupees or 11.5% of the overall loan book at September 
30, 2022.  
The overseas loan portfolio, in US dollar terms, declined by 10.4% year-on-year and 19.4% 
sequentially at September 30, 2022. The decline in overseas book primarily reflects 
maturities of the short-term India-linked trade book. The overseas loan portfolio was about 
4.0% of the overall loan book at September 30, 2022. The non-India linked corporate 
portfolio declined by 47.4% or about 387 million US dollars on a year-on-year basis. Of the 
overseas corporate portfolio, about 84% comprises Indian corporates, 7% is overseas 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
corporates with Indian linkage, 4% comprises companies owned by NRIs or PIOs and 
balance 5% is non-India corporates. 
 
On the liabilities side, Sandeep covered the growth in deposits. During the quarter, we 
raised long-term infrastructure bonds as well as refinance borrowings from domestic 
financial institutions. Overseas borrowings declined reflecting the reduction in assets. 
 
B. Credit quality  
There were net additions of 6.05 billion Rupees to gross NPAs in the current quarter 
compared to 3.82 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The net additions to gross NPAs 
were 5.93 billion Rupees in the retail, rural and business banking portfolios and 0.12 billion 
Rupees in the corporate and SME portfolios. 
The gross NPA additions were 43.66 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 
58.25 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The gross NPA additions from the retail, rural 
and business banking portfolio were 36.58 billion Rupees and from the corporate and SME 
portfolio were 7.08 billion Rupees. The gross NPA additions from the corporate and SME 
portfolio include the impact of rupee depreciation on existing foreign currency NPAs. 
Recoveries and upgrades from gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, were 37.61 
billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 54.43 billion Rupees in the previous 
quarter. There were recoveries and upgrades of 30.65 billion Rupees from the retail, rural 
and business banking portfolio and 6.96 billion Rupees from the corporate and SME 
portfolio. The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 11.03 billion Rupees. The 
Bank sold NPAs worth 0.94 billion Rupees on a cash basis in the current quarter compared 
to 0.13 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.  
Net NPAs declined by 25.3% year-on-year and 8.4% sequentially to 60.99 billion Rupees 
at September 30, 2022. 
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was 35.16 
billion Rupees as of September 30, 2022 compared to 36.70 billion Rupees as of June 30, 
2022. The Bank holds provisions amounting to 20.24 billion Rupees as of September 30, 
2022 against this non-fund based outstanding. 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers under resolution as per various 
guidelines declined to 67.13 billion Rupees or about 0.7% of the total loan portfolio at 
September 30, 2022 from 73.76 billion Rupees as of June 30, 2022. Of the total fund based 
outstanding under resolution at September 30, 2022, 47.39 billion Rupees was from the 
retail, rural and business banking portfolio and 19.74 billion Rupees was from the 
corporate and SME portfolio. The Bank holds provisions of 20.59 billion Rupees against 
these borrowers, which is higher than the requirement as per RBI guidelines.  
C. P&L Details 
Net interest income increased by 26.5% year-on-year to 147.87 billion Rupees. The net 
interest margin was 4.31% in this quarter compared to 4.01% in the previous quarter and 
4.00% in Q2 of last year. The net interest margin was 4.16% in H1-2023. There was no 
impact of interest on income tax refund on net interest margin in the current quarter. The 
domestic NIM was at 4.45% this quarter compared to 4.14% in the previous quarter and 
4.09% in Q2 last year. The cost of deposits was 3.55% in this quarter compared to 3.46% 
in previous quarter. Of the total domestic loans, interest rates on 44% are linked to the 
repo rate, 5% to other external benchmarks and 21% to MCLR and other older 
benchmarks. The balance 30% of loans have fixed interest rates. The sequential increase 
in NIM reflects the impact of increase in interest rates on loan yields while repricing of 
deposits occurs with a lag. While policy rate hikes effected so far should further reflect in 
loan yields, we also expect to see the impact of repricing of deposits in future quarters.  
Non-interest income, excluding treasury income, grew by 16.8% year-on-year to 51.39 
billion Rupees in Q2 of 2023  
 
Fee income increased by 17.6% year-on-year to 44.80 billion Rupees in this quarter. 
Fees from retail, rural, business banking and SME customers grew by 19.0% year-
on-year and constituted about 79% of the total fees in this quarter  
 
Dividend income from subsidiaries and associates was 6.48 billion Rupees in this 
quarter compared to 5.83 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year. The year-on-year 
increase in dividend income was due to higher final dividend from ICICI General 
and final dividend from ICICI Bank UK, offset in part by lower dividend from ICICI 
AMC and ICICI Securities  

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 24.2% year-on-year in this quarter. 
The employee expenses increased by 21.1% year-on-year. The Bank had about 110,000 
employees at September 30, 2022. The employee count has increased by about 9,800 in 
the last 12 months. Non-employee expenses increased by 25.9% year-on-year in this 
quarter primarily due to retail business and technology related expenses. Our branch 
count has increased by about 340 in the last twelve months and we had 5,614 branches 
as of September 30, 2022. The technology expenses were about 9% of our operating 
expenses in H1 of this year compared to about 8.5% in FY2022. 
The core operating profit increased by 23.6% year-on-year to 117.65 billion Rupees in this 
quarter. Excluding dividend income from subsidiaries and associates, the core operating 
profit grew by 24.4% year-on-year.  
There was a treasury loss of 0.85 billion Rupees in Q2 compared to a gain of 0.36 billion 
Rupees in Q1 and 3.97 billion Rupees in Q2 of the previous year.  
The total provisions during the quarter were 16.44 billion Rupees or 14.0% of core 
operating profit and 0.71% of average advances. These include contingency provisions of 
15.00 billion Rupees made on a prudent basis.  
The provisioning coverage on NPAs was 80.6% as of September 30, 2022. In addition, we 
hold 20.59 billion Rupees of provisions on borrowers under resolution. Further, the Bank 
holds contingency provision of 100.00 billion Rupees as of September 30, 2022. At 
September 30, 2022, the total provisions, other than specific provisions on fund-based 
outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing, were 200.59 billion Rupees or 
2.1% of loans.  
The profit before tax grew by 39.4% year-on-year to 100.36 billion Rupees in this quarter. 
The tax expense was 24.78 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 16.90 billion Rupees 
in the corresponding quarter last year. The profit after tax grew by 37.1% year-on-year to 
75.58 billion Rupees in this quarter.  
The consolidated profit after tax grew by 31.4% year-on-year to 80.07 billion Rupees in 
this quarter.  
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
D. Growth in digital offerings 
Leveraging digital and technology across businesses is a key element of our strategy of 
growing the risk-calibrated core operating profit. We continue to see increasing adoption 
and usage of our digital platforms from our customers.  
There have been about 8 million activations of iMobile Pay by non-ICICI Bank account 
holders as of end-September. The value of transactions by non-ICICI Bank account holders 
in Q2 of this year was 4.4 times the value of transactions in Q2 of last year.  
The value of credit card spends in the current quarter grew by 4.4% sequentially and 
43.1% year-on-year. We saw a healthy growth in retail credit card spends driven by 
increase in discretionary spending, higher activation rate through digital onboarding of 
customers, including Amazon Pay credit cards. During the current quarter, we closed 
about 817,000 inactive credit cards as per recent RBI guidelines. The Bank has issued more 
than 3.5 million Amazon Pay credit cards since its launch.  
We have seen about 195,000 registrations from non-ICICI Bank account holders on InstaBIZ 
till September 30, 2022. The value of financial transactions on InstaBIZ grew by about 
22.8% year-on-year in the current quarter.  
We have created more than 20 industry specific STACKs which provide bespoke and 
purpose-based digital solutions to corporate clients and their ecosystems. Our Trade 
Online and Trade Emerge platforms allow customers to perform most of their trade finance 
and foreign exchange transactions digitally. About 70% of trade transactions were done 
digitally in Q2 of this year. The value of transactions done through these platforms 
increased by 70.1% year-on-year in Q2 of this year.  
E. Portfolio information 
 
We have provided details on our retail, business banking and SME portfolio in slides 34 to 
44 of the investor presentation. 
 
The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate and SME borrowers 
rated BB and below was 76.38 billion Rupees at September 30, 2022 compared to 82.09 
billion Rupees at June 30, 2022 and 127.14 billion Rupees as of September 30, 2021. The 
amount of 76.38 billion Rupees at September 30, 2022 includes 21.98 billion Rupees of 
outstanding to borrowers under resolution. 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Other than one account in the power sector, where resolution has been implemented as 
per RBI’s Covid-19 resolution framework, the maximum single borrower outstanding in 
the BB and below portfolio was less than 6 billion Rupees at September 30, 2022. At 
September 30, 2022, we held provisions of 8.12 billion Rupees on the BB and below 
portfolio compared to 8.61 billion Rupees at June 30, 2022. This includes provisions held 
against borrowers under resolution included in this portfolio. 
 
The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 735.73 billion Rupees at September 30, 2022 
compared to 699.72 billion Rupees at June 30, 2022. The total outstanding loans to NBFCs 
and HFCs were about 8% of our advances at September 30, 2022. The sequential increase 
in the outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs is mainly due to disbursements to entities having 
long vintage and entities owned by well-established corporate groups. 
 
The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting, term loans 
and working capital was 319.63 billion Rupees at September 30, 2022 compared to 275.69 
billion Rupees at June 30, 2022. The builder portfolio is over 3% of our total loan portfolio. 
Our portfolio is largely to well-established builders and this is also reflected in the 
sequential increase in the portfolio. 6.8% of our builder portfolio at September 30, 2022 
was either rated BB and below internally or was classified as non-performing, compared 
to 8.3% at June 30, 2022. 
 
F. Subsidiaries and key associates 
 
The details of the financial performance of subsidiaries and key associates are covered in 
slides 48 to 50 and slides 69 to 74 in the investor presentation.  
The VNB margin of ICICI Life increased from 28.0% in FY2022 to 31.0% in H1 of this year. 
The value of new business increased by 25.1% year-on-year to 10.92 billion Rupees in H1 
of this year. The annualized premium equivalent grew by 10.1% year-on-year to 35.19 
billion Rupees in H1 of this year. The profit after tax of ICICI Life was 3.55 billion Rupees in 
H1 of this year compared to 2.59 billion Rupees in H1 of last year and 1.99 billion Rupees 
in Q2 this year compared to 4.45 billion Rupees in Q2 last year.  
Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General increased by 17.2% year-on-year to 51.85 
billion Rupees in Q2 of this year. The combined ratio was 105.1% in Q2 of this year 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
compared to 105.3% in Q2 of last year. The profit after tax grew by 32.2% year-on-year to 
5.91 billion Rupees in the current quarter. The profit after tax includes reversal of tax 
provisions of 1.28 billion Rupees. Excluding this reversal, profit after tax grew by 3.4% 
year-on-year in Q2 of this year.  
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC was 4.06 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 3.83 
billion Rupees in Q2 of last year.  
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, as per Ind AS on a consolidated basis, was 3.00 
billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 3.51 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year.  
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 12.0 million Canadian dollars in this quarter 
compared to 8.4 million Canadian dollars in Q2 last year and 7.2 million Canadian dollars 
in Q1 this year.  
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 1.5 million US dollars this quarter compared to 2.0 
million US dollars in Q2 of last year and 3.4 million US dollars in Q1 this year.  
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 0.60 billion Rupees in the current 
quarter compared to 0.46 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year and 0.40 billion Rupees in Q1 
this year. During the quarter, we infused 2.50 billion Rupees of equity capital in ICICI Home 
Finance to strengthen its capital position and support its growth.  
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now be happy to take your 
questions. 
Moderator:  
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
So, my first question is on deposit growth in the second half of this fiscal year. Obviously 
yours is a strong liability franchise, but liquidity is getting tight. HDFC's merger activity will 
also strengthen in the second half as they run closer to the merger. So, how do you see 
deposit growth panning out? And in terms of further expansion to margin, what is the 
outlook over the next 4 to 5 quarters? 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Anindya Banerjee:  
So, on the first part, Mahrukh, as you know, retail term deposit growth for the system in 
general was quite soft over the last few quarters till the early part of this financial year 
given the level to which the deposit rates had gone down. As the retail term deposit rates 
have started to move up from the first quarter of this year, we have started to see good 
traction and momentum in the retail FD accretion. Having said that, the pace of increase 
in the retail FD rates has been much lower than what we have seen in the wholesale 
deposit market. But if we look at developments over the last couple of weeks, we are 
seeing a more accelerated increase in retail FD rates. Therefore, we will see an increase in 
retail FD inflows as the banking system moves up on the FD rates. We expect to see the 
retail FD deposit growth momentum to continue and to strengthen. 
On the second part on margins, as I mentioned in the opening remarks, given that 44% of 
the domestic book is linked to repo, we will continue to see some benefit on the yields in 
terms of the repricing as the repo rate increases. In fact, the last increase, which was on 
30th September will have some impact. We do expect to see funding costs kind of move 
up at a quicker pace than what we have seen so far. So, net of that, will be impact on 
margin. We'll have to wait and see how it evolves. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
The other thing is in general on loan growth and the ability of consumers to bear the hike, 
right, loan growth has been very strong amidst rising rates and it's almost in defiance with 
the global macro. So, are you going to see a slowdown also as a hard landing or how does 
it shape? Why is the economy or why are consumers showing so much strength as never 
seen before and better than expected? Does it continue for 2 to 3 quarters? 
Anindya Banerjee: 
So, as Sandeep mentioned, that the recovery from the pandemic in India has been quite 
strong and that is evidenced in a number of indicators, whether it is demand indicators or 
the resilience and recovery in bank loan portfolios in terms of the credit performance. So, 
those are all indicators that the consumer is in good shape. 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
In terms of the cost of credit, part of what has happened so far is really a reversion to 
where the rates anyway were pre-pandemic and during this time incomes of customers 
would have gone up. But we have to see whether future rate hikes, the extent of pass-
through that happens and what impact, if any, that has on the demand. Also it's a 
competitive environment, so banks are offering products to consumers at rates which they 
feel consumers will have offtake at.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. Please go ahead 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So, sir, just on this contingent provision, is it fair to assume that you would just target this 
2% ROA and effectively that's how the contingent provisions are being made or is there 
any reason you made this? 
Anindya Banerjee: 
No, it's not that way. We are looking at the overall macro environment both globally and 
in India in terms of risks to growth, the impact of inflation, interest rates and the geopolitical 
risk across our portfolio, wherever we feel that the risk markers are higher and some of 
these risks could manifest. On that basis is how we are looking at the contingent 
provisions. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Krishnan ASV from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead 
Krishnan ASV: 
 
This is more to do with 2 things. One, we have generally seen an environment where loan 
repricing has been fairly fast because of EBLR, like that's evident. But also what we have 
observed is that the loan resets are faster. So, if the earlier contracted period, and this is 
not just true of ICICI Bank, I wouldn't have probably observed this specifically for ICICI 
Bank. But the system in general has moved from say a quarterly reset to a real-time reset 
so the day the RBI moves, immediately 50 basis points gets passed on, right? Does the 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
RBI look at the same reset on the way down as well or do you anticipate that banks can 
continue to go back and forth between real-time reset and quarterly reset when the rate 
movement is adverse, right? So, that's the first question. The second question is also about 
deposit mobilization. The fact is you're now at nearly an 86% loan-to-deposit ratio given 
the kind of demand environment you're seeing. Could pricing be on the deposit side? 
Could we catch up on the deposit side pricing? Could that be faster say towards the end 
of the year? 
Anindya Banerjee: 
So, on your first question, Krishnan, we don't have any real-time resets. So, our EBLR or 
repo linked loans reset every 3 months. So, there is no next month or immediate reset on 
our, say, home loans which are linked to EBLR. On the second part, as we spoke earlier 
also on this call that we have seen more increases in deposit rates recently than we had 
seen or larger increases than we had seen say broadly till September-end. So, it would be 
fair to assume that the repricing of deposits will pick up from here on. 
Krishnan ASV: 
 
So, just as a related thing on the EBLR, I mean it almost seems like if the RBI does hike 100 
basis points say incrementally from here till the termination, right, all of that 100 basis 
points gets passed on. This is something we have been trying to clarify from other banks 
as well. I mean, if you could share your thoughts. Is there any discretion you can exercise? 
If you see risk building up, you really don't want to kind of break the camel's back, right? 
So, would I mean banks be able to exercise any discretion saying that there comes a point 
beyond which I will absorb this on my P&L rather than pass it down further and increase 
asset quality risk or does that discretion not exist as things stand? 
Anindya Banerjee: 
So, I think that's hypothetical. I mean contractually  the loan resets at the spread over the 
EBLR. If the borrower is able to for example look at refinancing at a lower cost from a 
competing provider, then that can happen. So, they can exit my loan and go to a 
competing provider and take a loan at a lower spread. Yes, so that can happen. And in fact 
I guess as the rates go up, that can also be a factor in how spreads and margins move. 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
 
I have two questions. One is again on the provisions, which was touched upon earlier. As 
a percentage of PPOP, we are tracking significantly lower than the run rate that we have 
talked about in the past and core credit costs are running negligible now. So, how do you 
see this? Like how long can this continue and what will be our strategy in respect to making 
contingent provisions? So, will we continue to make more contingent provisions as the 
provisions to PPOP slows? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
As I explained in response to Saurabh's question, we are not working out any percentage 
of PPOP or anything like that. It is entirely based on an analysis of the factors in the global 
and Indian environment and the portfolios where perhaps risk markers are a little higher 
than the average portfolio. That is what we do on a quarterly basis and we continuously 
review from the perspective of making these prudent provisions. 
In terms of how the specific credit costs will shape up, basis our current understanding 
and expectation, in the near term we would expect them to kind of significantly undershoot 
the normalised level. The reasons for that are that we are not seeing really any material 
NPL development on the corporate side. In fact, we are seeing some recoveries. And on 
the retail and SME side, we are coming off the pandemic related cycle so we are seeing 
actually recoveries out of those portfolios as well. And incremental additions are also well 
under control. So, credit costs would be lower than normal for some time. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
 
Right. And secondly, if you can talk about the branch expansion strategy over the medium 
term. How do you see that because competition is talking about a very aggressive branch 
expansion. How are you looking at it? And any implications on the cost ratio? This quarter 
the cost ratios have moderated backed by strong revenues, but how do you see these 2 
things going ahead? 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Anindya Banerjee:  
As far as branches are concerned, we mentioned we've added about 340 branches in the 
last one year and we've added about 200 branches in the last six months and this pace of 
addition is somewhat higher than what we would have done in the preceding years. This 
is based on our own assessment of the market opportunity across different markets and 
micro markets where new economic nodes or new nodes of residential development are 
coming up and we need to have a physical presence to service that. One of the other 
things that we are also doing as a strategy is trying to move our colleagues closer to the 
market. So, that also results in expansion of the local footprint. I guess we would continue 
to expand our branches on this basis. So, you would see branch numbers going up over 
the next couple of quarters as well. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Right. And any colour on the cost ratios?  
Anindya Banerjee:  
So, we really focus on the pre-provision operating profit and that naturally requires an 
appropriate management of operating expenses in relation to the revenue. Currently, as 
you rightly said, the revenue environment is pretty strong and we feel that there is a lot of 
opportunity for us to grow our business, to expand our franchise and therefore, we 
continue to invest in that and that's what we would continue to do. As we have said in the 
past, if in a quarter or two cost growth overshoots even revenue growth, we would not 
worry about it too much and if we find it to be a sustained thing, we can always make 
some adjustments. But currently we are looking at investing and expanding the franchise.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Sharaj from Laburnum Capital. Please go ahead 
Shahraj: 
My question is on the contingent provision that you made. So, is there some specific 
segment of the book we are providing for against in times of crisis? 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Anindya Banerjee:  
No. We look across the portfolio. It's quite a broad range of portfolios that we look at. 
Shahraj: 
 
I was particularly asking from the SME and business banking segment. Would it be fair to 
expect this would be hit hard if there was a slowdown? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Actually, that segment has behaved quite well for us. In fact, I would say that even if we 
look at the analysis that we had done at the start of the pandemic when the moratorium 
was on, this is one of the segments where the outcomes have probably been a little bit 
overall in line or better. But of course, in an environment of a lot of macro volatility, this 
could be a segment that will see some vulnerability. But as far as the contingent provisions 
are concerned, we are looking at a fairly broad range of portfolio. 
Shahraj: 
 
Thank you so much, sir. Congratulations on the results and Happy Diwali. 
Anindya Banerjee: 
Thank you. Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from Systematix. Please go ahead 
Rakesh Kumar: 
 
So, I have one question. This is related to when we are in a falling interest rate scenario 
which is quite far from here, but just to understand what you're thinking about it. The asset 
quality trajectory and the EBLR, both would not be working as a countercyclical thing. So, 
what is our thought process here? Because margins would also taper off and with the fall 
in the interest rate, there would be asset quality issues also coming up. So, the EBLR would 
not help for the system as a whole. So, your thoughts on this. 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Anindya Banerjee:  
I'm not sure I understood the question. I think that repo rate increases so far have been 
quite well absorbed by the borrowers and clearly don't seem to be leading to signs of any 
higher delinquencies and we'll have to of course keep monitoring as the situation evolves. 
I don't think that in a falling rate scenario, there would be any negative impact on asset 
quality, if at all at the margin, risks could be in the rising scenario. From a bank margin 
perspective, therefore, it's not really in that sense countercyclical because bank's margins 
would also rise in a higher interest rate scenario 
Rakesh Kumar: 
 
No, sir. Basically, I was trying to say that generally inflation is there when we are in a falling 
interest scenario and the NPAs significantly rise. When we see the credit growth numbers 
tipping off and the interest cycle coming down, we see asset quality issues. In those times 
because of this EBLR mechanism in place now, loan pricing would also be faster until and 
unless we change the benchmark itself like or if we do some changes there within the 
MCLR and EBLR. So, actually because of EBLR linkage, we would have adverse impact on 
credit yield also and then we would also have asset quality issues associated with the 
falling interest rate. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
I don't think - it's a kind of reverse causation. Typically, in a normal cyclical tightening and 
loosening of monetary policy, we would not see such an impact. It could happen in a crisis 
situation. For example, if there is a big shock to growth, it is the shock to growth which 
causes the NPL and not the reduction in interest rates, which is also a consequence of the 
shock to growth. If it's a normal calibrated tightening and then unwinding of monetary 
policy, this should not happen. But I will sort of hedge by saying that we have not really 
seen a full cycle under the EBLR pricing regime. So, that is something that we have to see 
how it goes through both on the way up and the way down in terms of both margins and 
credit quality 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jignesh from Incred Capital. Please go ahead 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Jignesh: 
I wanted to discuss similar to what Krishnan was asking earlier. In this interest rate cycle 
side, can we assume that at least incrementally on the new loans not on the existing loans, 
which is repo-linked or these treasury-linked loans and all, considering that demand 
scenario becomes little fragile, in that case, can we take a hit on the spreads just to manage 
the demand? Is that kind of scenario also likely or the spread generally remains stretched 
all the time? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
That's a function of how the market sort of prices the loans. As we said, it is a competitive 
market, so it's a decision of each lender based on their strategy and their funding costs as 
to what spread over the benchmark they offer on incremental loans. If we look at what has 
happened so far in terms of incremental lending, the pass-through would not have been 
uniform for all sort of segments of the market and we have to see how that goes along. 
Jignesh: 
Understood. But there is no regulation as such, right, which restricts you to cut down on 
your spreads? That is what I'm trying to understand. So, intermittently if you want to 
reduce the spread, that is possible. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
If I want, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
One question was on this contingency provision buildup. Do you think your ECL model, 
which you supply to RBI and what we are building right now, are they sort of kind of pretty 
much similar? Is that how we should look at that number? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Not really. I mean this is not modeled on the same basis as that. But whenever we move 
to that, we will have to see how to transition this.  
Nilanjan Karfa: 
The reason is if I just go back last 14-15 quarters, given that we did not have so much 
contingent and floating provision figures, our credit costs have roughly averaged around 
maybe 170-180 excluding some of the high periods. So, is that something we should look 
at? I mean because just we are sitting on the other side of the table. So, how should we 
think about this number? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
See, unfortunately, the environment has been volatile, so we have not seen in that sense 
a stable cycle. My guess is that given our overall risk appetite on the corporate side and 
the focus on granularity on the retail and SME side, the long-term averages may not be as 
effective a guide as to the future credit cost. But we have to go through some period of 
time before we see how that settles. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
 
Fair enough. There seems to be some bit of disconnect, when we look at other sectors. 
Other companies are talking about discretionary spends dropping vis-a-vis banks sort of 
guiding to extremely strong forecast. How do we rationalize both of these sides or are we 
missing something in this whole picture? Is it just inflation which is playing out? And 
broadly, in terms of your risk management policies, have you begun tightening some of 
the screws once again? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
On the second one we continuously review and make whatever micro level changes we 
need to make, but there is no sort of broad-brush tightening that we are doing. In terms of 
the first one, it's difficult to really answer that question. It's data. For example, if you look 
at the credit card spends data, which is being published at a systemic level,  that is showing 
the trends in growth. So, it's quite transparent. 

 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Seshadri Sen from Alchemy Capital. Please go ahead. 
Seshadri Sen: 
 
The first one is on credit cards and I'm seeing a sharp jump quarter-on-quarter in the credit 
card outstanding book. How are the underlying metrics in terms of revolvers and EMI and 
transactors behaved over this quarter? I know you don't disclose, the break up. But have 
there been any significant shifts in the trends given the sharp jump in the overall book? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
I think what happened really was, without getting into numbers, that we saw a pretty strong 
growth in the retail spends and some rationalization of corporate spends. So, the retail 
spend growth would probably be higher than the average and that is what translates into 
the book growth. So, I don't think that there is any real change in the revolver level. 
Seshadri Sen: 
 
So, both revolver and EMI have been largely stable. There has not been any movement in 
either direction. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Yes, nothing to call out certainly on the revolver side. 
Seshadri Sen: 
 
And secondly, I know a couple of people have asked this before, but just want to revisit 
the net interest margin cycle in terms of how it plays out. We are now at the point in cycle 
where assets are repricing faster than liabilities. That tends to reverse at some point. Is it 
FY2024 or sooner than that trend starts to reverse or do you think that given your loan mix 
changes, and I'm seeing your loan book, there is significant acceleration in some of the 
high-yield segments, that that should take care of any reversal that happens at that point? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Anindya Banerjee:  
We will have to see. You are absolutely right that more durable changes in bank margins 
come from either loan mix or funding mix or asset quality, but we'll have to see. As we 
explained given the 3-month reset structure and if you look at the repo rate hikes which 
have happened and which are expected, there will be some upward movement even from 
here on. At some point, the funding cost will catch up. I guess it will happen sometime in 
the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of MB Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
MB Mahesh: 
 
Just 2 questions from my side. First one on the deposit side again. When you look at these 
CASA balances especially on the SA side and you look at the salaried accounts, from a 
broad perspective has the average salary at the retail level gone up? If yes, when you look 
at the numbers, how much would that number look like? Just a ballpark number to 
understand how much of this interest rate hike can be offset by higher incomes that the 
consumer is seeing today? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
We have not really given such an analysis, Mahesh, so I would not be able to give you any 
comment. 
MB Mahesh: 
 
I mean the direction mostly, not so much about specific numbers at least. 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
We have not given any data like that. But as you know, there's a lot of data which has come 
out saying that the average salary increase has been in the region of 10% or so. So, that 
will be reflected for everyone in general. 
MB Mahesh: 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
So, you would say that the number, which is floating around in the public domain, broadly 
reflects what you're seeing as well or you wouldn't have done that analysis as well? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Yes, because that is the actual data which is there, so it will reflect  
MB Mahesh: 
 
So, just another question. This One Bank, One ROE target that one has been for 3 to 4 
years. How has been the attrition level at the bank? Has it gone up, gone down? If you 
could just kind of broadly comment about it. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
So, attrition rates in the financial sector over the last 12 to 18 months for all entities, 
whatever the approach to performance management they may follow, has gone up 
substantially and I don't think there is anything idiosyncratic with us. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi for closing 
comments. 
Sandeep Bakhshi:  
Happy Diwali to everyone and wishing you the very best. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Bank, that concludes this conference. We thank 
you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
