                              
       
 
 
  
October 28, 2022 
 
 
The Secretary  
 
 
 
 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
 
 
 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
 
 
Transcripts – Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on October 21, 
2022. 
 
 
This is for your kind information. 
 
 
Yours sincerely  
For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 
 
N R Ravikrishnan 
General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer  
and Company Secretary  
 
RANGACHA
RI 
RAVIKRISHN
AN
Digitally signed 
by RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNAN 
Date: 2022.10.28 
12:38:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Tejas Networks Limited 
Q2 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
             
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY NAYAK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
 
MR. ARNOB ROY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER & 
 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATESH GADIYAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
 
OFFICER – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
 
DR. KUMAR N. SIVARAJAN – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
 
OFFICER – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHUPENDRA TIWARY – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tejas Networks Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance, during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhupendra Tiwary from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Bhupendra Tiwary: 
Thank you, Andrew. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you 
to Q2 FY '23 Results Conference Call of Tejas Networks Limited. The company is represented 
by Mr. Sanjay Nayak, who is CEO and Managing Director, Mr. Arnob Roy, who's COO and 
Whole-time Director, Mr. Venkatesh Gadiyar, who's CFO, and Dr. Kumar N. Sivarajan, who's 
CTO. We'll begin with the opening comments by the management, post which we'll take up the 
Q&A session. So over to you, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you, Bhupendra. And first of all, I wish you all a very happy Diwali, and thank you for 
joining the earnings call of Tejas Networks. We have uploaded the presentation that I'm going 
to walk through on our website, and in other places. So I hope you have the chance to either 
download it or follow it as we discuss. 
So I'm on the first slide, which is the key updates of the quarter. In terms of the financial update, 
our net revenues for the quarter were INR 220 crores. Profit after tax was marginally profitable 
at INR 1.1 crores. Our cash and cash equivalents are at INR 1,402 crores with no debt. And order 
book at the end of Q2 has increased to INR 1,455 crores, which is an all-time high for our 
company. 
In terms of key highlights, there are very-very strong Q2 bookings and a lot of new wins. So we 
had INR 481 crores worth of new order wins across optical products, both in India and outside 
of India. We're also happy to say that we introduced our wireless products at the India Mobile 
Congress, our 4G and 5G products. The outlook is looking quite strong. We believe we have a 
very good opportunity to get large scale wins starting from India. And we also see that there's a 
lot of push by Government of India to create indigenous telecom ecosystems, and we believe 
that we have a very good opportunity to take advantage of the supportive policies of government, 
both in India as well as outside of India. 
Supply chain performance and component shortages was something that has been impacting our 
revenues in the past. While I would say that the things have started to improve, but the global 
component situation, chip situation, especially for certain kind of components, is still not that 
good. However, as I mentioned in my last earnings call, we have taken some very proactive 
internal actions in terms of re-engineering our processes, IT systems, tools and so on and so 
forth. And as a result of that, we are starting to see good results coming out. So we’ve crossed 
INR 200 crores per quarter revenue after a gap of about 10 quarters or 11 quarters. We do expect 
that and as a result, not only have our revenues improved, we also saw improvement in our gross 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
margins. We do expect that as the year progresses, we should see continued improvement in the 
second half of the year in terms of revenue performance as well. 
There's another important thing, which is the design-led PLI incentive scheme, which was 
launched during the quarter by the Government of India Telecom Department. We had earlier 
been approved for the PLI scheme for telecom products. This new design-led scheme is a very 
innovative scheme where all the investments that are made in R&D, which are capital in nature, 
including salaries and manpower cost are considered as eligible investments for the PLI policy. 
Given that, and given our potential for much higher revenues in the future, we have reapplied 
under this new policy, which is available to us and increase the size of our PLI commitments, 
which has a fairly large potential for higher incentives. In addition, the design-led PLI gives 1% 
extra incentive if you're an R&D-led company like ourselves. 
We have been increasing our R&D headcount in operations headcount quite substantially in line 
with the growth that we expect going forward. As a result for the first time in the history of the 
company, our total employee strength has crossed 1,000 employees.  And as you are aware, we 
have acquired Saankhya Labs and within Saankhya Labs and ourselves, we now have a patent 
portfolio of 434 patents. 
I'm on the next slide, which will continue with the profit highlights of Q2. So the integration of 
Saankhya Labs is on track. We had earlier acquired 64.4% of Saankhya Labs in July 2022 and 
for the balance 35.6%, we have filed for amalgamation of Saankhya Labs and Saankhya 
Strategic with Tejas through the NCLT process as on 30th of September. 
What we have already done is that we have integrated the R&D teams of Saankhya and Tejas. 
And the focus of Saankhya R&D team now is to strengthen and accelerate the development 
programs for 5G, radio, cellular broadcasts, satellite communication and other areas like 
semiconductor chip design. And in addition, Saankhya Labs before the acquisition was also 
having R&D services for external clients. 
We believe that the value of the team and the capabilities that exist in Saankhya are far more 
valuable and better utilized if we use them for our in-house product development and 
acceleration of the opportunities that we see in the market. So we would be reducing the focus 
of Saankhya Labs for an external contract R&D and increasing the focus more on in-house 
acceleration and in-house development of products for which we see a large market opportunity. 
There was India Mobile Congress in New Delhi a few weeks back, which was inaugurated by 
the Prime Minister, and the 5G was launched in the country. During that congress, we showcased 
end-to-end portfolio of our indigenous products. Some of you might have had an opportunity to 
be in Delhi and see those, but I can tell you that the kind of product portfolio, the kind of live 
demo and the capabilities that we showed from hardware to software to chips and to technology 
domains across wireless, optical and satellite are possibly the best that was available in the 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
country. We, of course, were very heartened and honored that the Prime Minister himself visited 
us and spent significant time understanding all the products and technologies that are available 
with us. 
We also showed a live demonstration of our 5G radios, which are required in the bands, which 
have been auctioned in India. So we have the 5G radio products as well as some very new 
innovative technology like direct-to-mobile broadcasting, which is one of the latest technologies 
that is getting standardized in the world, and we are having a lot of IPR from the Saankhya Labs 
portfolio as well. 
And the icing on the cake was that we won the best designed and made in India Telecom 
Innovation for our TJ1400, which is a very unique product, which we have been talking about 
for some time, which can be both, and it can become a base station, it can be then a GPON block, 
and it can, of course, become a transport product, all from the same hardware and configurable 
software in the integration. 
And recently, we were again the same product has given the best product by Indian Electronics 
and Semiconductor Association (IESA) for contribution to India's ESDM sector. So all I can say 
is that from a technology angle, from a business angle, we are investing, and we are confident 
that what we have created in the direction which we are going sets us up quite well for executing 
and scaling up the company to a much larger level going forward. 
The next set of slides, which are a little bit more detailed about the financials, I'll request 
Venkatesh Gadiyar to walk us through those, and then I'll come back again to the presentation. 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
Thank you, Sanjay. Good evening, everyone. This is on the financial update. Q2 revenues were 
INR 219.9 crores, where we saw a year-on-year increase of about 27.3% and on a half yearly 
basis, around 9% growth, and while we had a loss on EBIT of INR 4.3 crores for the quarter, we 
had seen the profitability in terms of PBT and PAT. We had a PBT profit of INR 10.9 crores 
and a PAT of INR 1.1 crores and EPS of INR 0.07. 
And above Q ‘23 figure includes Saankhya’s numbers as well. Saankhya’s revenue of INR 13.9 
crores for Q2 ‘23 has been included in revenue above. Similarly, the above EBIT includes 
Saankhya’s EBIT loss of INR 5.7 crores and both the PBT and PAT above includes Saankhya’s 
loss of INR 5.3 crores in Q2 '23. 
Key financial indicators. During the quarter, we had a cash outflow from operations of INR 71 
crores and net worth has improved to INR 2,548 crores, and there was an increase in the 
inventory and the closing inventory of  INR 399 crores as on 30th September. Inventory has 
been increased since we could not ship out the complete or unbalanced systems to fulfill the 
customer's orders due to the critical component shortages. Hopefully, we expect to consume 
these inventories in the second half of the fiscal year. 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
And trade receivables were at INR 380 crores. And we have collected INR 201 crores during 
Q2. And the working capital has been increased by INR 100 crores, primarily due to the increase 
in the inventory level. Our cash position as on September 30th is INR 1,402 crores after making 
a cash investment of INR 284 crores for acquiring a 64.4% stake in Saankhya Labs. And with 
our healthy cash position of INR 1,402 crores, we are in a good position to execute larger 
opportunities to scale up our business. And also, I would like to inform you that this quarter, we 
had turned profitable.  
With this, I will hand over to Sanjay Nayak. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thanks, Venkatesh. I'm on the next slide, which gives you the breakup of where our sales is 
coming from. So as we have been doing in the past, we look at the trend line in terms of the total 
of last year, and year-to-date, which is the first half of the current year in terms of how the 
different segments of our business are performing. 
So if you really see the run rate business, which is a combination of India private plus 
international, contributed to 80% of the revenues for the first half of the year. India private was 
51% with a year-on-year growth of 35.5%. India Government contributed to 20% of the first 
half, which represented a year-on-year growth of 66.7%. Out. We do expect that going forward, 
given all the things that are happening in India in terms of investment as well as favorable 
environment for domestic companies, we expect that the growth in India will continue to be at 
quite a significant pace for our business as well. 
International was 29% of the total for first half, which on an absolute basis, was a decline of 
around 30%. So we did around INR 101 crores of international for first half versus INR 200 
crores for the whole year last year. So we do expect that as the second half happens and given 
the backlog situation of more than INR 187 crores that we have for international, we should see 
improvement on the international revenues for the second half of the year as well. In terms of 
the breakup of the backlog that we have of INR 1,455 crores, India backlog is INR 1,268 crores 
and international backlog is INR 187 crores of total. 
I'll go to the next slide. It is just again a recap of all the different segments of the business or the 
technology that we are playing into. If you see the chart on the right-hand side, is all the wireline 
and optical products that we've been having for a while. The DWDM category of our products 
continues to do extremely well. We are winning a lot of business in India and outside of India 
as well. The broadband access, which is the GPON portfolio, again has been doing very well for 
us. And the product that you see on the left-hand side, just over the star is our flagship product, 
the ultra-converged broadband access, this is the same product that we had earlier used for other 
applications and now is also being used as a 4G and 5G base station, going forward. And this is 
the product that we have been trialing in various networks. 
So, and on the left-hand side, we now see that we have a 4G radio product. We have a 5G 
product, which is both ORAN as well as the normal 3GPP compliant, as well as we have products 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
from the satellite IoT and direct-to-mobile broadcasting, which come from the Saankhya Labs 
portfolio, along with the software-defined radio chipsets that they have. As a result, if you see 
the richness of our product portfolio from radio to wireless to optical is very rich. The challenge 
for us is to continue to make sure that we invest and make sure that these products are technically 
as good as we get in the world. But more importantly, we start generating large business 
opportunities for the technology and products that we have created, and this is where we are 
seeing benefits. 
Last part of this technology, I wanted to also talk about is the secured Ethernet switches, which 
are used in smart cities, safe city and other applications, and which again is a part of the business, 
which is a fragmented business in terms of distribution, but it is starting to aggregate and become 
a reasonably meaningful business mostly from the Indian customers, which are non-telco 
customers within the country. 
Coming to the next slide, which is the summary slide for me, and then we will, of course, open 
up for questions because I would like to give more time for that. If I look at it from where we 
stand, our Q2 performance improved on the revenues and margins. We crossed INR 200 crore 
revenue threshold after a while. And we expect that we have now finally got a very good handle 
on supply chain, and we believe that with our own internal processes and systems as well as 
overall global outlook for supply chain starting to look better, we expect that second half revenue 
starting from Q3 onwards would continue to see improvement and we should continue to see 
better revenue performance going forward. 
Order book is excellent at INR 1,455 crores. And in addition, which is primarily on our wireline 
products. Our wireless products, which we launched recently for the 4G and 5G will start 
generating reasonably meaningful revenues and bookings going forward. We have fairly good 
visibility to some of the larger orders, and we hope that with those backlogs also coming in, in 
the near term, we should have a very strong order book to be able to have predictable execution 
going forward from future quarters as well. 
On the product side, we are, again, very proud and confident that our products are world-class. 
They are award-winning and the successful demonstration of our truly indigenous 5G 
technology with all kinds of features and capabilities during the IMC and the customer response 
that we got from the stakeholders who visited us there has been very encouraging, and we believe 
that now we are well set to become both wireline as well as a wireless company. 
We continue to make significant investments in R&D as well as in manufacturing operations 
because while we can get the orders, we also need to make sure that we can execute them 
effectively. And we have been investing a lot into upgrading all our systems, processes, 
capabilities, and we are confident that as the business comes, we should be able to scale up our 
revenues and manufacturing operations as well. 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
The integration of Saankhya Labs is progressing well. They have a very capable team of people 
and products, and our objective is to take the best advantage of synergizing what they have and 
what we have together and really build a very-very robust product business going forward. And 
as Venkatesh said earlier, our cash position is solid. We are confident that we have the 
capabilities and now the balance sheet to execute large orders and to scale up our business, which 
is what we've been lining up to do over the last 12 to 18 months. 
That's really where I'll pause, and thank you for understanding the details of our business. And 
now, we will open up for questions for the rest of the hour. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin for the question-and-answer-session. Anyone who wishes to ask 
a question, may please press star and one on your touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets, while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles The first question comes from the line of Pratap Maliwal from Mount 
Intra Finance. Please go ahead. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
I just had a question on the BSNL 4G deal update. So there was a post that the TCS was under 
the final stage of closing the deal with BSNL for the 4G network, the reported figure to be around 
the $2 billion range. So, could we just get an update on the timeline of order, what progress 
you're making here? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
I think as you have been mentioning, we have been a part of that consortium. We have made 
very good progress in terms of all aspects of the deal in terms of technology provenness as well 
as making sure that it's a commercially viable deal. And the process is on, and we do expect that 
sometime during the current quarter, all of those things should go in the right direction. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
 
Can we say that maybe in this quarter, and quarter Q3, we should start getting some orders for 
that particular deal? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
It's very difficult to predict anything from the government. But all I can say is that anything that 
has to be done from our side in terms of enabling this business with us from a product readiness 
or commercial viability has been done. And the process is on, and we do hope that we would get 
an opportunity to close that business at the earliest. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
 
Okay. Sure, sir. And regarding the order book, so how much of the order book do you have an 
execution in the remainder for the FY '23? As I believe the seasonality kicks in the later part of 
the year is feasibly better for us. So how much of the order book would we be executing in the 
remainder of FY '23? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
Yes. So typically, as you know, we have a fairly heavy second half compared to the first half. In 
different years, it's been 35-65, 40-60, between first half and second half. So I think similar this 
year, we have the strong second half. What I talked about earlier in terms of getting much better 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
handle in terms of supply chain, in terms of planning, processing, internal tools, we do expect 
that the second half will be strong. 
 
 
So from the order book that we have, anywhere around 40% or so, we would like to execute 
subject to, of course, supply chain issues not coming in the way. And if we see actually are able 
to manage it well, the kind of number should be possible. From a customer angle, there's a lot 
of demand for our products and the soonest we can produce and deliver is something that they 
would like. 
 
 
We have taken advance actions quite a while back. The challenge in the supply chain, just since 
we see here on the topic, is that while certain parts of the component industry are expected to 
come back to normal starting from next year, but other parts still may have a slightly longer lead 
time. And unfortunately, in our industry, for example, in our company even if one part, one 
component, or one chip gets delayed it has an impact.  So we have taken all the actions. We do 
expect a fairly strong second half in line with what typically happens where we have a bigger 
second half compared to first half. 
 
 
But we still would be carefully watching the supply chain situation so it doesn't go out of what 
we think it should be in terms of improvement and so on. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
 
Okay. Understood. And just one final question, if I may? The India order book, as I understand, 
it's 1268 cr. So can we break that up into India Private and India government, the order book, 
India? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
Usually, we do not break up the order book by customer segment. So we break it up by 
international. But I can tell you that within the India order book, just to give you the sense of the 
kind of delivery timeline or pressure that we have on the two aspects of the order book. 
 
 
The international order book, we typically will have to execute much faster because customers 
would require those equipment sooner. A significant part of the India order book is more in the 
form of for example, projects in the critical infrastructure segments like we had announced a 
deal for Power Grid. 
 
 
So now Power Grid when the power lines are set up or when the networks are set up, they are 
more like infrastructure execution projects, which have a slightly normal duration. So the India 
order book, I would say, will get executed over a slightly larger duration of time. The India 
private gets executed quite quickly. The India government takes a little bit more time to execute. 
And that international order book is ideally speaking, if you have the material, they would want 
it from us immediately. So I think this is how the blend of the delivery of the order book would 
come into play. 
 
 
India private, as we said, continues to be a strong segment for us as a tone earlier. India 
government is, of course, we have a good backlog and a lot of funnel for new business as well. 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
And this switch is what I was saying that going forward, even with a larger base, India 
government would continue to accelerate. 
 
 
And international on an absolute basis will continue to use increase. But as a percentage, because 
if India is going to grow at a much faster pace, we will still have a mix where India business will 
dominate the overall. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of NGN Puranik from Enam. Please go ahead. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
And very nice to know that you have showcased a 5G radio. It's good to hear an Indian company 
doing all this. Can you give a sense of how you are going to productionize this, monetize this? 
What's the path to glory in this? How will you -- what are the steps forward? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
Certainly, Puranik, First of all, thanks for your words. I really appreciate it. So in fact, just to 
give you a little bit of thought process and the strategy for building the 5G business, one good 
thing which Tejas has, which is a very, very big headstart is that a lot of the technology that we 
have developed, whether it is for wireline, which is optical or 4G or 5G is all integrated. We 
actually have a product where in the same box or the same shelf, which you saw the picture 
earlier, you could make it as a base station, it could be 4G, 5G or you could use in optical. So 
the good part for us is that with the incumbency that we have, we have shipped more than 
750,000 of our systems worldwide. So the incumbency that we have allows us to upgrade some 
of these networks with newer technologies that we have introduced. So the game plan for 
wireless is... 
NGN Puranik: 
 
Perhaps, marginal effort? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
With marginal effort. And that is why if you see the product portfolio that I displayed on my 
chart, to create a product portfolio of wireline, wireless and radio, and I would encourage you to 
look at even the biggest names in the world in the telecom OEM industry, probably only one or 
two companies, maybe one from China and one from Europe, might have the same range of 
products that we have. 
 
 
So that gives you the confidence that the efficiency of our R&D processes and systems and 
maturity is very good. But then coming back to how do you commercialize this and how do you 
make a good business out of it. So one is that we can upgrade a lot of our products for newer 
technology. 
 
 
Our game plan in wireless is to make sure that we initially get a very large beachhead account 
for 4G and 4G still has long legs and a lot of businesses is out there. And 5G will be a seamless 
upgrade on the existing product architecture that we have. So we will now take the incumbency 
of our wireline and optical business to get our feet wet into the wireless business. 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
 
And the incumbency of wireless starting from 4G will be leveraged to seamlessly upgrade to 
5G. So from a customer experience, this migration becomes very easy. The maturity of 
technology, the products, which have been field-hardened for 15 years, running the same 
software core base. So those are the benefits which we get. In fact, the use case for 5G around 
the world is using 4G as an anchor. So the networks which have done that is to use  4G as anchor, 
put 5G on top, look at the markets where 5G has the highest potential, look at the bands where 
the 5G is going to give the maximum bang for the buck, and go and upgrade those networks 
seamlessly on a pay-and-grow basis since our product architecture allows it. 
 
 
So our game plan is in the next 15 months, which is now till end of next calendar year, we will 
be focusing more on building this 4G anchor base in India upgrading it to 5G in India, it may be 
in multiple accounts and they'll start engaging during the middle of the year with international 
customers, and we have a lot of inbound inquiries from customers in Europe, in particular, who 
are looking to find an alternate to some of the incumbent suppliers from certain  countries, whom 
they would like to replace with new suppliers not just with the guys that they are used to from 
Europe. 
 
 
So actually, we have got a “vacuum” to fill in certain markets. And it's our ability to scale up 
and engage with them and be able to supply them equipment in their labs and in their field, which 
is coming the way. So we're taking a step-by-step approach, mature the products in India, get 
your supply chain up, get the products into right shape, size and competitiveness then go outside 
of India, the opportunities are large. And we believe that this way, we may leverage all the stuff 
that we have done and really made a good business out of it rather than just building products 
and then not being able to sell them commercially. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
So you are now ready with both 4G and 5G? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
Absolutely. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
And the 5G has happened with the incremental effort? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
5G, a significant part of the 5G comes from the Saankhya Labs acquisition. They have been 
working on 5G for quite some time. So we took their technology and their engineers, and we're 
all working as one team. If you look at the radio architectures, we have really converged so that 
a lot of the hardening and a lot of the productization which has happened for the 4G radios that 
were already in place, along with the 5G technology and all the different frequencies and 
different modes of working of Saankhya, we are able to accelerate the two together which 
individually would have taken a lot more time. So really taking advantage of the best that we 
have from both sides and accelerating the 5G. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
So the TCS BSNL deal is extremely critical to both 4G and 5G today for you? 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
Yes. Any anchor customer of this size is very, very important for a company like ours because 
it just gets us into a step function increase in terms of capabilities as well as deployment 
opportunities and, of course, revenues. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
And your own share of economics in this deal will be how much? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
Typically, RAN is a fairly large portion of a network. So as you can see because that's a very 
large amount of field deployments every site or sell site could potentially have radios of one or 
two bands or three bands at times. So it's a fairly large opportunity and very significant 
opportunity to scale up our company in terms of supply chain capabilities, finances and 
everything else. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
So in a INR 2,000 crore deal, you will get a share of what? 20%, 50%, 60%, or more? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
I think let the deal happen and then we, of course, will have the share. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
Let the deal happen, yes. If the deal happens, that's very critical to -- for India and for you and 
both on the 4G and 5G. That's very important. I have another question. You mentioned a very 
interesting number that you have 400 IPs combined, you and Saankhya combined, 400 IPs. I 
think you are an IP company, very few IP companies have your stature. But what I want to 
understand is, see what happens is, generally, most of the IP companies work on product 
innovation, new ideas and all that but they get lost on the monetization on the economics. 
 
 
So I want to understand these 400 IPs, the character of this 400 IPs, potential of these 400 IPs. 
In fact, last time also I asked you about how many of them are production IP, sales IP, process 
IP, defense IP and this will -- for example, if you can explain through for the 4G and 5G creation, 
what -- how many of these IPs are deployed. If you can give some sense of power of these IPs, 
so it will get an understanding when they're going to get monetized? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
Yes. So first of all, the good part about our company is that we just don't create IPs for the sake 
of creating IPs or filing patents. The best part is we actually productize them. So if I look at the 
total IP portfolio, it is spread across optical products, Ethernet products, 4G, 5G even and 5G 
Advanced, which is going to be a part of 6G. Some of the IPRs also pertain to that because some 
of the new things which are coming in those standards are being contributed by our teams here 
in India from India, right? And at even there's a lot of talk that finally for the first time, India has 
actually contributed to global standards and correspondingly filing the IP. 
 
 
So I think we have a whole spectrum of IP which is across these four domains that are reached, 
Optical, Ethernet and 4G and 5G and onwards. Now what we do is all the products that we 
create, so everything that we build, for example, a transmission box or a 4G radio or a 5G radio 
or a direct-to-mobile broadcast radio and so on, so there's a lot of happening here of course , 
embedded into it. 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
 
So as such, we are not in the business of selling the IPR or licensing the IPs to anybody else. 
They are more for use in our own products, so that we get a differentiation to begin with. And 
secondly, as you also mentioned, part of this patent pool is also defensive in nature, because we 
also need to make sure that we have a reasonable portfolio of IPRs with us, so that at any point 
in time, we always have a situation that we can have a fair negotiation with anybody. 
 
 
So I would say it's a combination of all of that. Our interest in the IPs is to really make products 
which are world-class, make products, which are really meaningful and differentiated as the 
customer and at the same time, also protect some of the unique business things that we have 
done. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
And you're saying there is a method in the creation of these IP, they have a direction, they have 
their own proprietary stature in the portfolio, they can add the value? There is -- none of these 
IPs are did any time done fix when you do an IP audit, perhaps you will know -- if you give 
some sense of that, that will be awesome? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
Yes. We have not done a formal IP audit. But as said, just to maybe highlight that some of the 
IP that Saankhya has been creating is actually going into a 6G standard, let's say it, right? So 
that gives you the sense of the importance of their IP, right, in terms of how would you do a 
broadcast 5G application in a certain way, let's say, right?  
 
 
So those are all things are extremely valuable. They will be productized in the form that will be 
meaningfully useful for a customer to do something new, do something in a different or a clever 
way,give a differentiation to our product. So that's what our focus is. And really, as I said, I 
mean, the productization of the R&D or the intellectual talent that we have in the company is 
something that really is what we focus on, versus just creating a patent portfolio and actions we 
need to someone. 
 
 
In that sense, we are -- it's a bit of a similar actually, just to give you the same point, like 
Saankhya earlier, who used to do a lot of very, very complex R&D services work for certain 
kind of customers who would love to get stuff done by Saankhya. We believe that the talent and 
the capabilities are better utilized or accelerating our own products and getting that kind of 
service revenues is not that meaningful for us. 
 
 
If you were a services company absolutely, when you are a product company, we see a lot of 
business opportunities. You see a lot of things that if we have this product today, we could sell 
it. So we would rather put all our engineers and all our talents in that direction rather than in the 
short term, maximizing our revenues and providing services to someone else. 
NGN Puranik: 
 
So if you had to pitch yourself for international opportunity, Europe and the US, how do you -- 
for a large deal, how do you pitch it different from how do you do it for an Indian company? 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Sanjay Nayak: 
 
So clearly, I think it depends on the market and depends on the dynamics of the customers. So I 
think one other thing I would like to highlight here is that over the past two years, there's a lot 
of geopolitical situation, which has changed in the world. So earlier on, if you were a new 
equipment provider, one of the questions someone would ask is, how are you better than 
company A, from country A or company B from countries -- wherever else, right? And the onus 
of proving that you are far better than other cost, feature of performance, or technology was a 
new, right? 
 
 
Now there's a slightly different conversation, which is, I have to replace equipment from vendor 
A or B. And I do not want to go to the same set of people who were there before. And I want to 
get competition in and if they look around in the world, probably we appear to be one of the best 
set of people or set of products that can give them the  confidence and comfort that not only is 
this product good enough that it has worked against global competition in India. 
 
 
It has been bought at Indian price points, and this company continues to do well and the fact that 
now we are a part of the Tata group and have all the other benefits of the group companies, the 
confidence and the trust is much higher. So I really feel that in that sense, when now the narrative 
when we start attacking international deals of the larger kind, is really that we are a very credible 
alternative to the whole ecosystem, which is 4G, 5G, transmission or whatever than what was 
earlier. 
 
 
And if you see some of the commentary that even at a national level from India, which has been 
said by leaders in our country that for the first time, India now actually has 4G and 5G products, 
which are world class, and we want to not just become an importer of telecom products but 
become an export hub. So I think that just kind of gives you a sense that the opportunity is 
coming from different corners and for different reasons. And the fact that we have had success 
in India is a very good benchmark of confidence because every global player and everybody 
watching what's happening in India and our success in India is always considered highly 
valuable, and we do get instant credibility. Where you're handicapped earlier was lack of brand 
on international markets, lack of local support, lack of a comfort that you guys will be around 5 
or 10 years from today. 
But with the partnership of the Tata group, I don't think those questions are any more relevant. 
Of course, we want to mature our products, especially the newer ones like I mentioned on 4G 
and 5G in India before we go for an all-out things internationally, which is a prudent thing to do 
given the complexity of the technology.  
NGN Puranik: 
Excellent. One last question on business economics, the bread and butter, livelihood -- this 
question. When do you think you will get back to 15%, 20% operating margin, which typically 
a power of IP company. How soon your... 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes. So what we would like to compare ourselves, I would say, in the medium term would be 
try to become the best-in-class among the telecom equipment companies worldwide. Because 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
our comparison with the IT services companies may not be the right comparison because the 
market and the profit dynamics are slightly different. 
NGN Puranik: 
But comparing an IP company -- no. No. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Okay. IP company, yes. If I look at a product, global telecom OEM, our target is that in medium 
term, we should become among the most profitable. And in the long term, not only should we 
have very large revenue in terms of global market share, we should possibly be the best in class 
because with an Indian R&D cost advantage with the large home market that we have, which, 
of course, in the local market here sales costs are lower.  
The fact that in India, if you win and you fine-tune your processes to sell products, you can make 
a lot of margins when you go outside of India, are all positive. So I would say we are thinking 
right now is rather than optimizing and getting to this profit target in the next one or two quarters, 
let's invest for the next short period of time, I would say, get the scale, get the size, get the 
credibility, and after that, it's a very, very straightforward thing because if you can make x 
percentage of profit in India, you sell outside of India, you can add 10 to 20 points.  
And I think that's something that we have done before. And our goal today is to really make sure 
that we build the company for long term. We build processes, systems, people, talent, 
manufacturing, cost optimization, so that everything that we do in India is a plus. And that 
success will really leapfrog us in a very short period of time when we go internationally rather 
than trying to diffuse our resources in optimizing in the near term. 
NGN Puranik: 
Absolutely. No, that's what I was I'm asking, 2 years down the line, will you be a 25%, 30% 
margin company? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I can't give the numbers, but 2 years down the line, we should be definitely among the better run 
telecom equipment companies in the world. 
NGN Puranik: 
Correct. Because with the power of your IP, you should be a lot more profitable than the rest. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
And then the fact that a lot of it is done from India, which is -- we never took advantage as a 
country to do a lot more R&D for a lot less. And this is all evident in what we've already done 
and what we will be doing. So all those basic elements which you articulated are all right, but 
the reality of that comes with scale. Scale is what we need to get sooner than later, and we're 
focusing to make that happen. So I think we just play the thing in the right sequence, we are very 
confident that we will deliver what the potential of the company and country in a larger sense. 
Since you mentioned that it's important for India to now be a big player in this new ecosystem. 
I think we feel that we have the best shot to do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead.  

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Vimal Gohil: 
Firstly, it's good to see quarterly improvement in your revenues, congratulations on that, 
including. So just -- I joined the call a bit late, so please pardon me if I'm making you repeat 
something. Sir, just on your profitability, I mean, you had guided that some of your fixed cost 
agreements which you have signed, which are already present in your order book, are already at 
higher raw material levels -- at higher cost levels so that could have an impact on the margins 
going forward is what you had indicated last quarter.  
But it certainly seems that you have sort of turned the tables around in this quarter despite 
Saankhya having a loss of about INR 5 crores on the operating level. So just wanted to get a 
sense on what has led to this positive surprise ease at all if you feel so? And second question 
was on your international revenues. We have seen a bit of softness. What would you attribute 
that to? Yes, these are my two questions. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
No. No, fair enough, but I did not answer these questions, so you didn't miss anything. On the 
first question, yes, you're absolutely right that some of the rupee-denominated contracts in India 
were fixed price. And given the component cost increases and all that, we did have a challenge. 
The product mix in the last quarter was a little bit more favorable to us in terms of things where 
we could get certain costs down or get cost reduction or maybe the margin on those specific 
deals that we have signed or the things I wouldn't have the exact details in terms of what were 
these one or two deals that actually made it happen.  
But broader base, I think we did do better in terms of improving the margins. One other thing 
the relation here on the topic of margins. One thing which we also are trying to do is that as we 
line up for executing at a much larger scale. And I'm again very happy to say that a lot of the 
global chip suppliers are treating us far more seriously than they would have treated us a year 
back, let's say, right? Because they do see that what I mentioned earlier that if in a few years' 
time, there could be a new global OEM was to be emerging, which would potentially be a large-
scale company we have a very good shot at being that company. And if that is the case, those 
chip suppliers are also giving us strategic pricing, strategic delivery timelines, not as good as we 
would like today because they still are handicapped by their supply chain shortages in terms of 
fab capacity and so on.  
But the way things are unraveling, especially in the last two weeks, how some of the geopolitical 
developments have happened, we have reasons to believe that the supply chain situation in terms 
of chip supplies can potentially only improve from the level that things are, including some of 
the pressure on pricing can relieve.  
But of course, all of that will take time to unravel. So that's one part on the margin side. Second 
question you had was on the international side. So as you saw, we have a backlog of more than 
INR 180-odd crores on the international side. It's again, a situation where we specifically for 
international customers because in Indian customers suppose we have to ship a x number of 
systems, you could ship some percentage of x in lot one, and you can do some percentage in lot 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
two. But in international customers of different times, we would prefer all of that equipment to 
be delivered in a certain way.  
In this case, if they have any kind of imbalanced inventory, I would not be able to ship it to them. 
So I would say that quarter it was just a function of what were the customers that we had to give 
priority, what are the chips we could manufacture and complete our systems. But as I mentioned 
earlier, going forward, on an absolute basis, at least international performance in the second half 
will be better. But as a percentage, if India continues to grow at a very fast pace, either this year 
as well as next year as a percentage, of course, international will be lower. 
And our target is that we are taking one step at a time and get to scale using the volumes of the 
home market in India. While all the engagements in terms of lab trials and other stuff, the critical 
customers internationally, we will continue to do. But I must also highlight that our existing 
customer base continues to do well.  
That is the reason the run rate accounts from various international geographies like Africa, 
Southeast Asia and so on and so forth continue to give us good revenues, but developing Europe 
and US, which can give us significantly larger revenues, will be something that will take a little 
bit more of time. And given that the priority is given the amount of opportunities available in 
front of us starting from India and larger deals, we just have to make sure that we do a good 
balance and don't ignore the home market just because it's our home market. I think it's a very 
valuable home market, and we want to take the best advantage of it. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood, sir. That's great news here. So basically, what I would -- the short takeaway would 
be that going forward, there would be no sequential -- there's sequential improvement that you 
are showing will sort of continue? Would my assumption be right in terms of top line and 
profitability? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Our top line, definitely, we believe that with all the actions that we have taken internally and the 
external situation seeming to improve, we definitely do believe that the top line situation will 
continue to improve over the next few quarters. And as scale catches up with us, we also believe 
that we should start getting better control on our margin and pricing. 
And I mean, I would say it will not happen overnight, but the trend definitely looks very positive 
and upwards for us. And of course, our objective is to make sure that larger deals, of course, 
come with their own set of challenges and we want to make sure that we are ready to execute 
because scaling up and getting to the right size and getting to the right capabilities and 
provenness that is very, very crucial because that really propels us into the larger leads if you 
can execute these near-term opportunities very well. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood. Sir, another one Saankhya. Again, I'm not sure if you addressed it, but just on 
profitability, what is the outlook there? I mean, while you have indicated in the presentation that 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
the integration is on, but are you as confident in Saankhya that Saankhya will be able to be as 
profitable as Tejas is, going forward? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So I think, I had mentioned this in the context of Saankhya integration. Saankhya had two 
businesses before we acquired them. One was services business, very high-end R&D services 
that they were doing in addition to including their own IP in those services, for clients abroad or 
in India, or wherever. And that was a reasonably profitable business for Saankhya.  
And the second thing Saankhya was doing was developing their own products. Of course, once 
you have your own products, we have a lot more potential. So we have taken a conscious 
decision that we want to focus on the second activity a lot more. We would rather take the 
outstanding talent and the capabilities and use them for not just Saankhya products, but all the 
5G stuff that, for example, we talked about. 
A lot of the 5G heavy lifting from the capabilities came from the Saankhya team. So rather than 
focusing on the profitability of Saankhya, we are now looking at Tejas plus Saankhya as one 
team, one entity, and really creating a portfolio of products and prioritizing the R&D in areas 
where we see maximum possibilities of revenue scale up and profitability scale up going 
forward. So we are kind of doing a Tejas-plus Saankhya optimization rather than focusing on 
Tejas optimization alone and on Saankhya optimization alone. I hope that answers your question. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Right. And sir, lastly, some media reports indicate that we are sort of frontrunners for the large 
BSNL deal along with, of course, along with TCS. So just to understand this a bit better, the 
receivables with BSNL that will happen while you are executing this project, how will this get 
classified? I mean, will TCS, will be provide our services to TCS and then TCS take the 
receivables on our behalf or will it work the way it used to? Because it is our historical experience 
has been that typically execution of these contracts as sort of stretched our balance sheet a bit in 
-- which I'm sure indeed which has happened in the past. So what are we doing so that does not 
repeat going forwards, when we retain the BSNL contract? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So first of all, let me tell you that at least whatever we can do from our side as Tejas to be 
successful in winning large deals, we are doing, as I mentioned earlier, whether it's technical or 
I think we are playing our part well, and I am confident that at least everything that should be 
done from our side is being done. In terms of the media reports, we also read the same media 
that you do. So I guess, when the things actually fructify, we'll all know it.  
So that's the second part. Coming to the third party in terms of the financials and the receivables 
from BSNL, all of us tell you is that the good news is that BSNL is a very well capitalized 
company right now. They have been given, I believe, from the media report that has been, close 
to INR 160,000 crores worth of support from the Government of India, which is including a 
significant amount of cash infusion. So I think as an operator BSNL is a fairly healthy and solid 
customer. So I don't think we need to worry about that part of it in terms of the receivables.  

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Second thing, I must tell you that over the years, we've had a fairly good and detailed working 
experience of how to work with not just BSNL, but any other PSU operator or even private 
operator or anybody else in terms of making sure that we follow their processes and systems to 
the key, because the better you become at that, the lesser the chance of any financial receivables 
or anything adding up.  
The problem comes when the company is financially not solid, which was a case of BSNL in 
the past. But going forward, with the kind of government support they've got, we being much 
more experienced in terms of process and systems, we're working with other consortium partners 
who are quite mature and experienced in handling large projects, and the government's intent 
overall to make sure that we create a vibrant and healthy ecosystem from India, which not just 
does well in India, but does well around the world for India, I think all of those things make us 
far more confident that we will be disciplined about execution, and we will make sure that 
whatever profits and whatever financial gains that are got are all done and actually realized. 
And so we will be using all our experience and all the knowledge to make sure that we execute 
well on these larger opportunities as and when they cook for us.  
Vimal Gohil: 
 
Thank you so much for your detailed answerers and all the very best. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
We are almost out of time, but if there's one last question since we didn't announce, I'll be happy 
to take that. 
Moderator: 
The last question comes from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Intra Finance Private 
Limited. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
This is just a follow-up question, sir. As per whatever product we have, like we have 5G NSA 
product right now, not SA product or as we are all like a largest Indian operators, telcos have 
announced for SA kind of 5G setup. So in this context, like how would we fit in or like comment 
on that, sir? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I have the pleasure of Dr. Kumar Sivarajan, our CTO. So I think between SA and NSA, as you 
mentioned, I'll request Kumar give his views on that. 
Kumar N. Sivarajan: 
Yes. Sure. So our 5G products will support both SA and NSA, and our 4G, which is deployed, 
will be able to work with our 5G in NSA mode. So we are supporting both modes of operations 
depending on type of the operation. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
And in addition, by the way, the 5G product that we have architected is also going to be 
compliant to the kind of thing that Kumar spoke. But in addition, even if it's an ORAN 
architecture, we'll be compliant to that as well. So it is really agnostic to the deployment scenario 
and standard scenario that an operator may choose, and that gives us the flexibility to be in larger 
number of opportunities than you would have otherwise done, if you were bottled into a 

 
 
 Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
particular architecture or a particular way of implementation alone. I hope that answers your 
question. 
So thank you. Again, we appreciate you all taking the time just before Diwali. And as I said, this 
quarter has been a good quarter in terms of getting the momentum in the right direction. The 
order inflow is good. The order book is very healthy. That is for the wireline part, which gives 
us confidence that all the work we have done over the years is very, very impactful and getting 
good. 
On top of that, the wireless business is coming as a nice add-on business. And we see good signs 
of larger opportunities closing. The supply chain and the operation that we have taken a lot of 
active role in terms of fine-tuning and fixing the systems and processes are all coming together, 
which showed in terms of the Q2 performance. 
And as we mentioned earlier, going forward, we expect to continue to see improvement in those 
directions. So overall, I think as a company, we are all committed to making sure that we look 
at the medium and long-term picture, do all the right things and in the short term, make sure that 
the exertion continues to improve so that the company starts realizing the full potential that we've 
been working for so many years. So thank you. I wish you all and your families a very, very 
happy Diwali. And enjoy the upcoming holidays. Thanks again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
