 
 
 
EL/SEC/2022-23/ 59 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda  
Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
"Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block G  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Script Code: 543533 
Symbol: EMUDHRA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 20, 2022 
  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 
2021, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on October 20, 2022, post 
announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter and the half year ended as on 
September 30, 2022. The audio recording of the Earnings call along with the Transcript has been uploaded 
on the Company’s website https://emudhra.com/investors.jsp. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
For eMudhra Limited 
 
 
 
 
Johnson Xavier 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A28304 
 
 
 
Encl: As Above. 
 
 
 
eMudhra Limited 
eMudhra Digital Campus, 12-Pl-A & 12-Pl-B, Hi-Tech Defence and Aerospace Park (IT sector), Jala Hobli, B.K. Palya, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka 562149 I Phone: +91 80 4848 4001 I Email: corporate@emudhra.com I Web: www.emudhra.com 
CIN - L72900KA2008PLC060368 
JOHNSO
N XAVIER
Digitally signed 
by JOHNSON 
XAVIER 
Date: 2022.10.28 
11:29:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
eMudhra Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT PARTICIPANTS: 
 
 
 
MR. VENKATRAMAN SRINIVASAN - EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
MR. SAJI LOUIZ - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. 
KAUSHIK 
SRINIVASAN 
- 
SENIOR 
VICE 
PRESIDENT, 
PRODUCT 
DEVELOPMENT 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to eMudhra Limited Q2 FY2023 earnings 
conference call, hosted by Yes Securities. We have with us senior management of eMudhra on the 
call, Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Executive Chairman; Mr. Saji K Louiz, Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan, Senior Vice President, Product Development. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan for 
his initial remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Venkatraman S: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to all of you, welcome all of you to our Q2 FY2023 earnings 
conference call. The copy of our Q2 FY2023 earnings presentation has been made available in our 
company website and on the stock exchange portals, hope all of you have had the opportunity to 
go through the same. 
 
Coming to the company overview. I would like to briefly summarize the company overview for all 
the participants. Having started our business in 2008 with a mission to accelerate the transition to 
a secure integrated digital ecosystem for individuals and organization with digital identity and 
Trust at its core. We laid great focus on product development, Enterprise solutions, cost 
management, while also emphasizing on security, compliance, governance and client support. 
Currently, we have 1,62,000 retail customers and 1,00,000 channel partners for our digital Trust 
services business. We have 303 partners in India and 284 partners in other countries around the 
world for our Enterprise solutions and our Enterprise solutions covers both government and private 
sectors and has a client base of 679 customers globally. 
 
Now, we will proceed to review our recent quarterly performance. We are pleased to continue to 
maintain our strong financial metrics in Q2 FY2023 and aspire to remain committed to the same 
going forward. During the quarter, our total revenue stood at Rs.599 million a robust growth of 
20% year-on-year and 12% quarter-on-quarter. Contribution to revenue growth was from Trust 
services and the Enterprise solutions primarily because of new customer acquisition, international 
market expansion and incremental gross sales. 
 
I would like to present key highlights and project wins of Q2 FY2023. 
 
One, roll out of eSignature workflow emSigner solution for a midmarket electronic appliance 
retailer in the US as emSigner will be used as an integrated offering to manage both document 
signature and document movement. Two, delivery of organizational eSign for many customers in 
India across government and other sectors. Three, implementation of CA solution emCA for 
payments and security for a Central Bank in Middle East. Four, roll out of emAS IAM Identity and 
Access Management for Smart City Projects in India and five, implementation of electronic bank 
guarantee using emSigner for a large bank in India. Again, we have added one more branch in 
Sharjah in UAE and again contemplating to setup more branches in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kenya to 
cater to growing client base in the region. We acquired an initial large customer for SSL business 
in Middle East apart from acquiring some customers India. We enhanced our emSign portal and 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
validation methodology to improve market penetration. We launched initial version of 
emDiscovery for Enterprise SSL certificate lifecycle management. emDiscovery was one of the 
products envisaged base in our IPO document. Our solutions are getting adopted in newer use cases 
in payment security and file encryption which is likely to open up newer market opportunities and 
started undertaking data centre expansion in both Bangalore and Chennai which are expected to be 
completed in March 2023. We are optimistic about the new market opportunities for emSigner and 
eSign arising out of the changes in recent IT Act permitting the usage of digital signature 
certificates for immovable properties, power of attorney and other use cases. 
 
So with the above strategic focus and key wins, we are confident of our future largely supported 
by our comment to deliver secured digital solutions. Our decade long experience in a rapidly 
evolving technology market has given us the assurance to maintain our leadership in the digital 
security industry. This ensures our market penetration capabilities in the domestic and the 
international market. 
 
I now request Mr. Saji Louiz to take us through the financial performance of the company. 
Saji K Louiz: 
Thank you Sir. Good afternoon to all the participants. I am pleased to present the recent financial 
performance of the company. 
 
Continuing with our growth momentum of Q1 FY2023, we are happy to report a total revenue of 
599 million a year-over-year growth of 20% for the quarter. The increase was majorly led by the 
Enterprise Solution segment, which registered a revenue of about Rs. 366 million a year-over-year 
growth of 47%. The TTrust Services registered a revenue of Rs. 221 million, a de-growth of 9% 
year-on-year, but a sequential growth of 14%. Our H1 FY2023 total revenue stood at 1127 million 
a year-over-year growth of 21%. Our EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.231 million up by 35% on 
year-on-year basis and the margin stood at 39%. The growth and margin improvement was driven 
by a higher contribution from the Enterprise solution business and internal operational efficiencies. 
We registered a net profit of Rs.165 million up 58% year-on-year with margins of 28%. Our H1 
FY2023 EBITDA and net profit were at Rs. 443 million with a margin of 40% and Rs.302 million 
with a margin of 27% respectively. Our focus will be on working on the strategies envisage for the 
purpose of our IPO and to expand our client base through reach and verticalization and thereby 
increasing our market share. 
 
Thank you very much and now we will be happy to answer any question you have on company’s 
recent performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Abhishek from Naredi Investment. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Good afternoon Sir, thanks for taking my question. My first question is that, you said in last con 
call that Enterprises business will grow more in compare to Trust business and the export turnover 
is also flattish in the quarter. So do you see any challenges in export business and Enterprises 
business? 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
Venkatraman S: 
No there is no challenge in export business if you see export business almost from Rs.  9 Crores it 
grow to Rs. 19 Crores kind of level in the last quarter so that is how it is maintained at Rs. 19 
Crores but further we see a lot of growth momentum. So now if you see we have got the major 
customer is US for our emSigner product, then major customer in Qatar for the emCA product so 
it continues to grow well but because the last quarter the growth was almost 100% again the same 
kind of thing was not maintained, but overall the growth is very good so almost from the last year-
to-year if you see it could be a 70%, 80% growth kind of thing or even more. So there is no 
stagnation or anything in the export business. 
Abhishek: 
But Enterprises business grow 10.6% quarter-on-quarter but Trust business is grow 14.6% quarter-
on-quarter you said this Enterprises business will grow compared to Trust business. So any 
challenges in E Enterprises business quarter-on-quarter. 
Venkatraman S: 
No there is no challenge even in quarter-on-quarter Enterprise business growth has been very good. 
So if you see quarter-on-quarter from Rs. 33 Crores to Rs. 39 Crores it is almost 20% it has grown 
on quarter-on-quarter in the Enterprise solution. 
Abhishek: 
Second question what kind of margin you expect in H2 and FY2024 as a whole and also in this 
quarter Trust business margin suddenly slowed down so any specific reason? 
Venkatraman S: 
No the Trust business there are two things, two reason why the margin has suddenly gone down. 
So one reason is the composition of token compare to DSE thus wherever the DSE is more in token 
it is less the gross margin will be higher wherever token is little more gross margin will be lower 
so that is one reason then the second reason is the pricing pressure itself because if you see 
compared to last year same period almost because of the competition and because of the new 
entrant and all that the pricing has come down by 25% to 30%, but it is partially compensated the 
increase in volume of 15%, 16% so because of these two things the Trust services business the 
gross margin has come down in this quarter compared to the last quarter. 
Abhishek: 
What kind of margin you are expecting in H2 and in FY2024 as a whole? 
Venkatraman S: 
No, as a whole because that is why we have two, three segments only the Trust service and the 
Enterprise segment and within the Enterprise segment international so even in one segment if little 
bit it comes down it compensates by the other segment so that is where even if you see though in 
the Trust service margin has come down a little bit this time but the overall EBITDA margin has 
not come down significantly and still we have achieved almost good EBITDA growth. 
Abhishek: 
In H2 it maybe 38% to 40% we will achieve? 
Venkatraman S: 
Can you repeat your question. 
Abhishek: 
In H2 EBITDA margin 38% to 40% range. 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Venkatraman S: 
Yes that is what we are hoping because we are more a product centric business so that is where we 
hope it should be possible to achieve around that maybe 1% here and there it can go but around 
that should be possible. 
Abhishek: 
Last one how is the order book value now? 
Venkatraman S: 
Order book is continuously increasing. 
Abhishek: 
Thank you so much and wish you Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Good afternoon Sir, great set of numbers. Couple of questions, can you explain how emDiscovery 
will strengthened our Trust services vertical as you have explained on the DRHP and can you give 
an overview of this product. 
Venkatraman S: 
No in emDiscovery what happens is, it is generally used by the large organizations and also large 
banks and also in the government. So once they install the emDiscovery automatically it is daily 
on a whatever frequency you would sell in the product scrolls over all the websites of the company 
or the bank or the government and then see what date what kind of certificate is expected as every 
website need to have a SSL certificate so it will automatically find out the SSL certificate expiry 
of the various places. So once it expire what will happen in sometime because of the expiry and if 
they do not renew it on time then the website itself stops also so that is the danger of not renewing 
on time and some companies may have some 1000 SSL certificate, 500 SSL certificates and all the 
probability of not noticing some expiry and not renewing it early date which is suddenly affects 
the business. So that is where timely expiry loss. So once we install our emDiscovery product the 
idea is whenever it crawls and finds then some SSL certificate is expiring maybe within a week or 
something it will throw a message to us and then we are also selling SSL certificates know. So we 
can put our SSL certificate into that organization so that is where it will enable us to cross sell our 
SSL certificates into that organization. So now the other certifying authorities are generally not 
having this kind of product independently two large companies in USA are having these products 
and they are rooting to certifying authority here as a one stop shop we want to create this so that 
we can have the advantage of routing it to us and ability to show our own SSL certificates. 
Sarang Sanil: 
So this product would be a small ticket size product, but since it gives you an opportunity for cross 
selling other products, it is a better opportunity for the company. 
Venkatraman S: 
No, it is not a small ticket size it can be easily $100000 per instant, yes, it is not small ticket size 
so $100000 is 70, 80 lakhs it can be easily sold and some of the larger corporations around the 
world sometime even you can sell at $25000 million, $300000 dollar. 
Sarang Sanil: 
For emDiscovery itself Sir. 
Venkatraman S: 
emDiscovery itself that is where the Venafi and other companies are selling at those price range. 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Sarang Sanil: 
Next question is on Trust services. Should we see Trust services business on a sequential basis or 
on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Venkatraman S: 
No sequential basis you can see because sometimes certain demands are not, earlier it was all 
because predominantly it was used for the income tax season every time you can actually predict 
first quarter will be like this, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter now that the more and 
more used cases are coming it is not only for the income tax company kind of thing so many use 
cases are there so that is where better to see sequential quarter that is better is what I feel. Even if 
you say number wise compared to you in last year our number of sale is up by almost 17% but the 
price drop of around 28%, 30% that is where compared to year-on-year there is a drop of 9% in 
the Trust services digital signature business, but the overall revenue wise get compensated by three 
factor one is the new SSL business which has started giving good revenue which commenced only 
around December of last year then the second thing is the corporate eSignature and all that so that 
way even though compare to year-on-year it was lower because of the price drop it is compensated. 
Sarang Sanil: 
So pricing is volatile across the market right? 
Venkatraman S: 
Volatile yes but not in the retail and we sell in the retail, retail has been consistently good and it 
has consistently improved that is why we are trying to sell more and more through direct retail 
instead of channel so that way it is also picking up if you see one year back retail was from 5-6 
lakh per day now it has gone to some 8.5-9 lakh per day on many days. So that is why our aim is 
to sell more retail but in the channel because of the so many competition increasing the prices are 
volatile. 
Sarang Sanil: 
On the retail side there is not much of reduction going on. 
Venkatraman S: 
No. 
Sarang Sanil: 
But a final question is we can see the tax expense for H2 and this year saw about 300 bps fall so I 
think 13.7 or something range now what will be the effective tax rate for the year and how is it 
going to be in the coming year? 
Venkatraman S: 
Yes, for that Saji will answer. 
Saji K Louiz: 
Tax expenses Indian companies we are providing a tax expense of 25% on the profit before tax 
figure and for the foreign entities presently we are not coming under the tax bracket in any of the 
foreign entireties so that reason why the effective tax rate is slightly lower if you take that 
consolidated assets. 
Sarang Sanil: 
So do Indian companies have any good exemption in Middle East because you are also expanding 
a lot in Middle Eastern countries so how is the tax rate there even once you expand there with the 
tax rate for the entire company for our company beyond 18% to 20% range. 
Saji K Louiz: 
Yes, in foreign presently there are no taxes but in future in case we introduce the tax… 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Venkatraman S: 
To the extent of Middle East expansion as of now no tax but the thing is they are also thinking of 
to imposing a 9% tax from the next year even Middle East and another thing is our expansion is 
not only in the Middle East we are also trying to expand in US, expand in Europe and all that in 
US if you see there will be a corporate tax of 22% and if you take Singapore it will be around 17% 
so that way only big advantage of zero tax as of now is the UAE which also might go next year so 
that is where the average tax over time apart from India even foreign geographies some taxes may 
come. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay understood thank you so much Sir I will fall back in the queue and Happy Diwali to the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Pandey from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Piyush Pandey: 
Thanks for the opportunity. You did mention that e-business solutions have found adopted in use 
cases like payment security and file encryption. So can you please explain more about it. 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
Yes, so we are doing a project for a Central Bank where they are essentially securing the 
infrastructure for all the cards, credit cards, debit cards that are being issued to citizens in that 
country through the use of digital signature certificates. So any card that is going into and getting 
scanned in a fast terminal will be validated through digital signature. So first effort is with the 
Central Bank and over time this will also be used for the issuer banks. So essentially there is a lot 
of use cases around card payments and essentially the card security which are being secured 
through the digital signature certificate and public key infrastructure so this is one of the use cases. 
The other use case is more file encryption and data encryption both data address and data in transit 
so here again when you start sending confidential messages through a distributed set of people, 
particularly in sensitive organizations digital signature technology particularly the encryption 
technology and now variants have also been have emerged and we have done R&D something 
called fully homomorphic encryption which allows even search on encrypted text so these are the 
newer use cases that are coming primarily from card security and exchange of sensitive and 
confidential messages between various parties in an organization where such data needs to be 
exchanged. 
Piyush Pandey: 
So how was the initial customer traction for emDiscovery product which eMudhra has recently 
launched? 
Venkatraman S: 
emDiscovery product initially we are talking to a very big bank so almost proof of concept 
everything is done and then they are in the process of selection, but again we are very confident 
we will win because in India we are the Make in India player other two competitors are from the 
US and all that. So that is where we feel we have a very good chance but the product itself offers 
a very heavy scope because everywhere it is needed because every company on an average are 
installing some 100 website, 200 website sometime 1000 plus websites also and each one is secured 
by a SSL certificate and these certificates are expiring on multiple days and if anyone forgets to 
renew any of the certificate then they are in trouble because suddenly the website will stop. So that 
is where the need of the hour is to correctly renew all the certificates, the emDiscovery product 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
will provide for that and also it will provide when it is to be renewed it will route it to us so that 
we can issue our emSign SSL certificate so that way there will be a lot of cross selling opportunity 
so this is where we feel this is a initial thing but still we are perfecting the product so over next six 
months to one year the product will be fully perfected and probably there are two competitors rising 
one is NRC and another one is AppViewX so we are trying to build the product in such a way that 
our product become superior to them over a period of time. 
Piyush Pandey: 
Yes, thank you that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh from DS Investments. Please go ahead. 
Devesh: 
Hi! Good afternoon congratulations for good set of numbers. My question was mid-term oriented. 
So we are currently doing about let us say 60 Crores quarterly run rate and if we were to look 
definitely our global expansion is coming quite well. So if I were to look at business has three 
engines one being Trust service, second being Enterprise India, then we have the Enterprise global. 
So the way this quarter and the H1 of this year looks is global Enterprise has done very well, well 
others at a decent right so if we were to sort of plan for our self reaching let us say 100 Crores or 
some internal target that you might have for quarterly run rate what kind of investment you think 
that we need to make be it sales or be it product development just want to get your understanding 
that how do you see yourself going from here over next two, three years and what investment going 
to make. So just qualitative comments would be helpful. 
Venkatraman S: 
Investment wise as we planned in the Trust sector 15 Crores investment we have made in US 
market so we have already identified a senior person we have identified a telemarketing agency to 
get the sales and get leads and then so all these has started happening and we have also won one of 
the retail chain as our customer for emSignner so that with both our emCA product and the 
emSigner product already product reference also is maintained here so this is one side and we will 
be recruiting another four or five people there so that US market can be grown split. Coming to the 
Middle East, in Middle East we have already got a good traction we have got the orders from Saudi 
Arabia, we have good orders from UAE and good orders from Qatar and all that so to cater to each 
of the country and to grow this country is better we are opening separate branches in each country 
and recruiting the people then in India also we are strengthening sales team so that they can contact 
those global customer and global partners and get more lead so that we can go into it and the Kenya 
again we have got the license to issue the digital signatures in Kenya so we are doing the Kenya 
launch by maybe now and by the end of December we are going to launch that so that way 
geographies and in Indonesia we have started getting some traction so lot of discussions going on 
so there again we have recruited three or four people and open the branch office. So continuously 
we are evaluating and opening many branch office and then we have to go. Investment wise it may 
not be a major investment except some very good opportunity we find and acquire maybe it could 
be in some small millions of dollars because we are not looking at very large company but 
otherwise organic growth per se we will go in a very measured way so that when we put some five 
people it should yield some results then only we put more people not go in a very aggressive way 
and if it does not yield there shall be negative side will be there so that is not our approach at all.  

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Devesh: 
If we were to look at our last five years history we have probably done probably 30% type of 
growth depending on duration you see so we are seeing organization will design to grow 
organically with the same speed without too much investment is it the right way to look at it that 
currently we have enough product and with some investment like you called out we should be able 
to keep the run rate of 20% to 30% growth here and there does it a right assumption over medium-
term. 
Venkatraman S: 
Yes, organization is designed and we are also striving our level best to do it but what will happen 
will depend on the market and the market force but from our side definitely we are behaving in 
that way and then continuously strengthen the technical team and the sales team. 
Devesh: 
Yes, so whether that the way we are winning deals tells that product and quality and service you 
did definitely up to the mark, it looks great around that front right and just say if you are entering 
in many new geography generally when we sort of enter in new geography there has to be 
something that we do in initial days because we keep the margins low we commit something extra 
to the customer are there some tactics that we are using in these areas or it is just fair competition, 
fair pricing, fair everything, so just wanted to understand how aggressive we are? 
Venkatraman S: 
We are just for the sake of getting business we do not get into the loss making business or too much 
undercut the price and all that because we do not believe that the under cutting and getting into that 
and later on price can be increased and all theoretically one or two first deals it maybe possible, 
but definitely not continuously we want to win the deals because of the product superiority and our 
efficiency in service and the functionality of the product and those kind of things and our flexibility 
compared to the global players because we offer flexible model because some of the global player 
may only offer the cloud model we offer cloud model, private cloud model, mix model we can get 
some amount of customization if required so that kind of flexibility and all these and generally we 
are flexible on legal jurisdiction also so. So these are all the things on which we want to win the 
order not by just dropping the price. 
Devesh: 
The last one if you could call out key competitors in each of our product segment just to help us 
understand whom we have competition against? 
Venkatraman S: 
You want to understand who are the key competitors? 
Devesh: 
Yes, for each of our product categories just to get idea. 
Venkatraman S: 
That is listed prospectus but I will repeat some of them one is if you see our Trust to service in 
India there were at the time 15 CAs who are registered, licensed by the Control of Certifying 
Authority and then now additionally three, four additional have come but anyway out of 15 CAs 
at the time only four or five were issuing digital signature certificate for the public, others were for 
the government purpose and their own private purpose and all those things like Indian Army, Indian 
Navy, then IDRBT and all those people. So almost 15 people are the competition in the digital 
Trust service segment mainly in the Indian digital signature certificate, not in the SSL segment, 
SSL segment it is much less and if you see SSL segment India there is no player who can offer 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
SSL, globally there are four of five players like DigiCert then Sectigo is there then GlobalSign is 
there these are the major players for the SSL business. Then coming to the solution business mainly 
the emCA product globally EnTrust Datacard is one competitor then Nexus is there and Trainkey 
is there they are all global, India there is no competitor similarly to take this paperless work 
emSigner main competition is from the Docusign and the Adobe there is no major competitor from 
India then EMUS almost the de facto in India we are the only player let us say almost all the 
government project, bank project we only do EMUS product so this is how the competition is there. 
So in several of our segment the competition is very limited and even if it is there it is from the 
global US or European player and not from the Indian player. 
Devesh: 
Got it. Thanks a lot Sir that is quite helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Few questions from my side. Sir firstly you talked about a 28% 
correction in realization on your channel partner given DSEs where would we be on average 
realization in terms of absolute value right now year-to-date? 
Venkatraman S: 
If you see last year see because up to December 2020 the prices are low then from January to 
March 2021 the price reached a pickup for a class three, two year signature I will take one product 
and then comparatively other products we can take so class three, two year signature product went 
up to 350 to 375 from 350 to 375 in January, February of 2021 almost in 2021 middle or 2021 end 
it reached around 250. So 250 are little more so the average because there are other products also 
class three, two year, we are class two, three year. So with all these things we were realizing 275-
280 so now this class three, two year product from 250 it has recently come down to 180 so almost 
that is the 28% drop, with the 28% drop also our average because of the composition of the class 
three, two year, class two, three year and those kind of thing and also combo and all that our average 
will be above 200. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
What is the reason for this correction? 
Venkatraman S: 
Reason is because the other people to gain the market share they are going on reducing the price 
but still not able to gain much market share but they think they can gain the market share so the 
trend is other four competitors who are there now not say if even there are other three, or four 
people which earlier we had mentioned so those people went to reduce the price but still almost 
the market share remains same actually in terms of the number of details have to get sold our 
number has increased by 17% in the first half of current year compared to the first half of last year 
but from a value because of the 28% drop the overall value has dropped. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
So but would there be risk for further realization correction going forward? 
Venkatraman S: 
But beyond that they cannot go down too much also maybe another Rs.25, Rs.30 it can go but we 
can still compensate because our retail is very stable, and retail is actually increasing so that is one 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
thing, then the SSL is increasing do in that way even if they have further drop the price and still 
because of the brand image we command the premium of 20% to 30% and in spite of their price 
drop we have not dropped to that extern whatever extent they have dropped but still we are 
commanding our market share and our number has only increased number of sales so that way we 
can manage it. We may not be able to go down to Rs.50, Rs.70 because then it is not be viable to 
them and now no funding also will be easy to get so I do not think they will go on reducing. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
On retail customer we have given a number of 162000 plus what was these numbers came down 
last year. 
Saji K Louiz: 
145000. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir basically builds a fresh every year is it because I think end of the year that number was much 
higher. 
Venkatraman S: 
No retail customer well we said not building as of now currency for using the signature that is what 
we have taken so the signature validity generally two year only predominant number of signature 
is two years so whoever is holding a valid signature as of the September end that is the 160000 
retail people. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, because I think our number was like probably closer to 200000 at the end of fiscal 2022 so I 
am just wondering whether should that number decline or is there a reason for that. 
Venkatraman S: 
No I do not think it has declined anyway maybe as we will analyze and then come back to you 
exactly quarter-by-quarter you can put on the detail, it is not declined definitely because daily I am 
monitoring I think daily sales of the retail sale has really increased only in terms of amount so I do 
not think it has declined but we will examine again and come back if at all any mistake is there. 
Saji K Louiz: 
And as a percentage to our Trust service revenue the retail is again the same percentage we are 
maintaining so 30 plus percentage of our Trust service revenue is still coming from the retail 
segment. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
On the Enterprise side is it possible to give some color on the potential, the current order book even 
if we do not quantify it can you suggest whether it is growing in line with our revenues are growing. 
Venkatraman S: 
Yes, definitely not on the order book even the pipeline what we are chasing it is growing in line 
with our more than in line with the revenue whatever growth is there as we are daily bagging the 
pipeline and the order book both are good. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
So you have not seen any kind of slowdown because of all the macro related concern especially 
outside India business. 
Venkatraman S: 
Not up to now we have not because the niche area which is a requirement for everybody and 
because of this lot of cost saving will happen. For example this US customer to whom we have 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
sold so by using our solution they have estimated that they may be saving almost $1 million per 
year more than that. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
On the overall business is there a seasonality between 1H versus 2H in the sense 1H you have total 
done roughly around 110 Crores, but on a sequential basis is it fair to assume that it will grow 10%-
12% for 2H sequentially on a quarterly basis as well or four quarters do not really matter especially 
I am asking on the Enterprise side. 
Venkatraman S: 
No, Enterprise side business has no seasonality but because of our pipeline what we are chasing 
and the order book we feel definitely it will grow further. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Because typically we see products businesses internationally have a seasonality stronger 
seasonality around December quarter so just want trying to understand whether the same plays out 
for us as well? 
Venkatraman S: 
No, that is mainly in the North America and the western in the December quarter Christmas 
holidays they may not select and all that but ours is not only North America predominantly lot of 
deal happening in the Middle East also in Africa also. So it may not affect much. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Is there a particular reason why our expense around stock in trade is fairly volatile is it based on 
what we end up buying rather than what we end up selling on the devices? 
Venkatraman S: 
No, not stock in trade. Stock in trade or you are talking about the operating expenses. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, so 7.3 Crores. 
Venkatraman S: 
Operating expense this time in the top line composition the token is more little bit so if you see 
there are two component one is the digital signature other is the token whenever the token is more 
in the top line correspondingly it will also have more cost on the bottom line because on the token 
the margins are very less so that is where the operating expense is higher this way the gross margin 
is little lower. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
One last question in key project wins the second bullet that you have mentioned can you elaborate 
a bit more in terms of whether if it like a combination of multiple smaller wins that you are talking 
about or is it the one win we are not able to understand that clearly delivery of organizational eSign. 
Venkatraman S: 
Maybe Kaushik can explain better so I will ask him. 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
This is a combination of multiple wins because basically a lot of states are now embarking on 
various initiatives under the machine mode projects and sort of digitized and go paperless with 
citizen service delivery and as a consequence they need to sign many documents and they are all 
using this organization eSign and our regulator permits the issuance of eSign to government 
officials primarily through government KYC and organizational KYC for organization so it is a 
combination of multiple deals, but essentially setting a trend for adoption of eSign for various use 
cases in government and other Enterprises. 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Alright thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Bodani an investor. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Bodani: 
Yes Sir, congrats on the good set of numbers. Sir I wanted to ask a bit about the trade receivables 
that have gone up a bit higher for H1 so if you could explain the reason for it and given the context 
since you mentioned that competition is undercutting us a bit offering lower realization so is it an 
effect of that or what is leading to this higher surge in receivables? 
Venkatraman S: 
No, trade receivable again if you see is comparatively thought in absolute number it has gone up 
in terms of the number of days compared to the last September it has come down only so the last 
September it was 111 days receivables and compare with this September it has come to 96 days 
receivable so correspondingly our revenues are also going up there is one more factor is almost 
more than 50% of receivable is within one month and so within one month receivable only has 
increased and if you say more than 180 days receivable it has only come down and as the 
percentage and out of that also quite a bit almost 25% of more than 180 days receivables also 
received in the October first 15 days so that way it is not really a matter of concern if you work out 
based on the number of days compared to last September to this September. But it can further come 
down. It has somehow the major government dues which are there which are likely to be received 
now. 
Sarvesh Bodani: 
Alright thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sir just a follow up question is it possible to give a breakup of Trust services and Enterprise if you 
have the details like how much would be I believe DSE would be higher on Trust services but still 
can you give a breakup of the revenue part? 
Venkatraman S: 
On what how much DSE and how much stock and like that is it. 
Sarang Sanil: 
How much DSE and how much stock on assets there were IOT. 
Venkatraman S: 
We are not segregating that way in the segment results because the Trust service itself is 40.9 
Crores for the half year within that only token is the hardware component otherwise the IOT SSL 
everything is a very high margin business so the token itself per se may not be even 7-8 Crores 
around that only. 
Sarang Sanil: 
But I believe within Trust services major component would be DSE right? 
Venkatraman S: 
Major component is DSE yes. 
Sarang Sanil: 
And on the Enterprises side it will be emSigner. 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Venkatraman S: 
emSigner followed the emCA and the third product is emAS. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay emSigner, MCA, and emAS okay Sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Preyank Sethi from IIFL Securities Ltd. Please 
go ahead. 
Preyank Sethi: 
Good afternoon Sir. I just had two questions one would be around Enterprise services one would 
be around Trust. So in last quarter you suggested that the Enterprise India business saw some sort 
of a blip considering with regard to government websites what is your outlook on the same do you 
see this time also the growth has been around 9% is what I see. So is the growth soft and what do 
you think the growth would be going forward. 
Venkatraman S: 
Last quarter Enterprise India was round 13 Crores this quarter it is around 17 Crores so that way 
almost 25%-30% growth it has seen compared to the last quarter. Now order book on pipeline is 
also building up very well so that way whatever we expected that level of growth most probably 
will be achieved. We are not seeing any blip or any slowing down of the order book for the 
Enterprise solution. 
Preyank Sethi: 
Similarly how would your outlook be for on the Trust services side considering that volume is 
reviving though pricing pressure stays how is your outlook for the year going forward. 
Venkatraman S: 
Outlook for the year will be initially we were receiving lower growth in Trust services anyway 
Enterprise solution only we have taken the higher growth so still we will have the same outlook 
only but because whatever price drop happening, one is compensated by the volume growth and 
the other is compensated by the SSL which is a new business so with that on the overall we feel 
we may not be affected much by the price drop which is there the overall whatever estimation we 
had done that level of revenue we should be able to achieve. 
Preyank Sethi: 
Alright thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a follow up question from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sir you are leasing data center in countries outside India right and you had plans of setting up your 
own data center so is there any Capex plan there? 
Venkatraman S: 
No, we are not leasing any data center outside because the data center we wanted to do for the 
Trust services business where we are not permitted to lease we have to create our own data center 
so in the prospectus we had put one is the strengthening of the data center in India that is our main 
center in Bangalore and the Trust recovery site in Chennai so that process is happening and the 
other thing what we put is the putting a data center in Europe and the Indonesia so that we have 
not yet come as to only after finishing this Indian data center then we will go with these 
international data center so these are all part of our project from 43 Crores or something is 

 
e-Mundhra Limited 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
earmarked for that out of that 13 Crores is for the international data center, but which will be taken 
up only after finishing the Indian data center. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay Sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. V Srinivasan for his closing comments. 
Venkatraman S: 
So as there are no further questions we will occlude the call. I would like to thank everybody for 
joining the call. I hope we have been able to address all your questions. For any further information 
kindly get in touch with our investor relationship advisors. Thank you once again and have a great 
day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Yes Securities that concludes this conference call. 
We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of eMudhra Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For further information, please contact:  
 
 
Churchgate Partners  
Anvita Raghuram / Vinay Singh 
 
eMudhra@churchgatepartners.com  
Contact: +91 22 6169 5988 
