 
 
 
Ref. No.: AUSFB/SEC/2022-23/384 
Date: 28th October, 2022 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051, 
Maharashtra. 
NSE Symbol: AUBANK 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400001, 
Maharashtra. 
Scrip Code: 540611 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of  Conference Call to discuss Financial Result for the quarter and half year ended on 
30th September, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we submit herewith the transcript of the conference call held on 
Wednesday, 19th October, 2022 for the Financial Results of the Bank for the Quarter and Half Year 
ended on 30th September, 2022. 
 
In compliance of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the transcript is also made available on the 
Bank’s website at https://www.aubank.in/investors/quarterly-reports. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,                                                                      
For AU SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
 
 
 
Manmohan Parnami 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F9999 
investorrelations@aubank.in 
 
Encl: As above 
MANMOHA
N PARNAMI
Digitally signed by 
MANMOHAN PARNAMI 
Date: 2022.10.28 
19:40:05 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“AU Small Finance Bank's Q2’FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AU SMALL FINANCE 
BANK 
MR. UTTAM TIBREWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AU 
SMALL FINANCE BANK 
MR. YOGESH JAIN – CHIEF OF STAFF, AU SMALL 
FINANCE BANK 
MR. VIMAL JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, AU 
SMALL FINANCE BANK 
MR. RISHI DHARIWAL – GROUP HEAD LIABILITY, AU 
SMALL FINANCE BANK 
MR. VIVEK TRIPATHI – HEAD OF COMMERCIAL 
BANKING, AU SMALL FINANCE BANK 
MR. GAURAV JAIN – HEAD OF TECH INITIATIVES & 
DISTRIBUTION STRATEGIES, AU SMALL FINANCE 
BANK 
MR. PRINCE TIWARI – HEAD OF FIG AND IR, AU 
SMALL FINANCE BANK 
MR. ASEEM PANT –VP OF IR, AU SMALL FINANCE 
BANK 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to AU Small Finance Bank Q2 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aseem Pant from IR Team. Thank you, and over to you, 
Sir! 
Aseem Pant: 
Good day to everyone and welcome to AU Bank’s Earnings Call for the 2nd Quarter of FY'23. 
We thank you all for joining the call and we hope you are well. 
As usual, for approximately the first 30 minutes of the call, we will have brief remarks by few 
members of our senior management, followed by 30 to 45 minutes of Q&A. Firstly, we will 
have our MD and CEO – Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, share his thoughts on the performance and overall 
outlook for the bank. He will be followed by our ED – Mr. Uttam Tibrewal, who will share his 
thoughts on the Assets and Liabilities performance. And finally, we will have Mr. Gaurav Jain 
- Head of Tech Initiatives and Distribution Strategy, who will talk about our progress in Digital 
Initiatives. Besides them, we will also have few other members of our senior management to 
answer any questions you might have. 
For the benefit of everyone, we would humbly request that the number of questions per 
participant be restricted to two and to join back in queue or mail us in case you have any further 
questions. 
We would also like to take this opportunity to announce that our third AU Insights session is 
scheduled for the 3rd of November and will be held virtually. We will share further details in due 
course and we look forward to your participation. 
With that I will request our MD and CEO, Mr. Sanjay Agarwal to share his thoughts on the 
bank's performance and outlook. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Good evening, everyone. Namaskar. Thank you for joining in. Hope you are doing well. To 
begin with, I just want to wish everyone a very ‘Happy Diwali’ and a very happy festive season. 
This quarter makes us 22 quarters old in our journey of banking and I am amazed to see the 
progress that we are making as a team. In these five and a half years, we have been extending 
our foundation for building a scalable and sustainable bank. And we are on course of course. 
We have managed to grow the bank to a net worth of more than Rs. 10,000 crores and both asset 
and deposits have crossed the critical milestone of Rs. 50,000 crore by serving 30 lakh plus 
customers. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
I would like to express myself that each passing quarter increases our confidence that we are on 
the right path, going the right way, with the right purpose, right strategy and right attitude. I am 
very excited about the road ahead of us, as a banking system we will see tremendous 
opportunities in the coming decade as India prepares to become $5 trillion economy. 
In terms of macro, global economic activity has been slowing down due to the adverse impact 
of geopolitical tensions, tightening global financial conditions, persistently high inflation and 
sharper than expected monetary tightening by Central Banks globally. 
Consequently, India too is facing intensified pressures due to the global interest rate trends, 
weakening global demand and high volatility in portfolio flows. Despite these headwinds, India 
has emerged as a bright spot with GDP expected to grow 7% this fiscal. I am very hopeful about 
a decade ahead as India stands to benefit immensely from the tailwinds of reforms implemented 
over the recent years, favourable demographics, ongoing digital revolution and realignment of 
global supply chains. 
Based on the recent data banking system credit growth looks healthy at 16.4% year-on-year, and 
we continue to see growth in digital transaction too. Notably asset uncertainty over rates and 
liquidity has risen significantly in recent months, while inflation still remains above the comfort 
zone of policymakers. 
Coming to the AU, the last quarter was amongst the best quarter as a bank, where we got most 
of the things right. We have launched 27 touch points in this quarter. We grew our deposits by 
49% year-on-year. Our CASA ratio reached 42% and CASA plus retail deposits mixed reach 
73%. Our cost of money was 5.78% for six-month period. I would like to congratulate the team 
for doing such a wonderful job of raising the deposits during the quarter without any increase in 
our deposit rates. 
The credit market also saw good pickup with festive season coming a bit early this year. 
The asset business saw disbursement of ~Rs. 9,200 crores, growing 68% year-on-year and 
disbursement yield continues to see improvement. 
Similarly, the collection efficiency and asset quality continue to hold with average collection 
efficiency at 108% for the quarter, and gross NPA coming at 1.9% and net NPA at 0.56%. 
Our asset quality which is one of our core strengths has remained resilient across cycles. And 
we are committed to maintaining pristine asset quality. The pandemic days reinforced our faith 
in our customer segments and we are convinced that we are serving the right customer segment. 
In fact, the asset quality of post-pandemic book is even better. 77% of our book was originated 
post-pandemic where gross NPA is around 0.55%. Meanwhile, our balance sheets size grew by 
46% year-on-year. Net worth grew by 49% year-on-year and our capital adequacy is around 
23.4%. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
In August, we raised capital of Rs. 2,500 crore with Rs. 2000 crore for Tier-1 and Rs. 500 crore 
of Tier-2 bonds. QIP was launched amid challenging market conditions and I am overwhelmed 
by the support that we received from all the participants. I would like to convey my heartfelt 
gratitude to everyone who supported us. Thank you so much. This has enabled us further 
strengthen our balance sheet and allow us to continue investing for the future. 
Notably this quarter also we got the upgrade from the third-rating agency. So, now we are AA 
stable for all three, CRISIL, India Rating and Care. Thank you so much. 
Our margin for the quarter expanded at 6.2% from 5.9% quarter-to-quarter. Profit rose by 23%, 
to Rs. 343 crores with ROA of 1.8% and ROE at 15.3% despite a higher capital base in Quarter 
2. This makes our business model very sustainable. 
We have always been a customer centric bank build on first principle of simplifying banking 
with a strong focus on delivering customer delight. I am happy to say that we have added over 
3.4 lakh customer (the AU family) in the last quarter. Our bank campaign ‘Badlaav Humse Hai’ 
is furthering our reach. More on quarter highlights will be covered by Uttam. 
Further our tech led business, to further our customer convenience, I am very happy that way 
our credit card, video-banking, UPI QR and AU digital team are shaping up to stitch together 
our tech priorities. We continue to invest in our tech led businesses. Simultaneously we are 
keeping a close eye on the tech infra to run the bank where cybersecurity is important priority 
too. Gaurav will cover this in further detail. 
In our sustainable journey of building the bank, robust governance mechanism has been the 
backbone of our growth since the beginning. I would like to say that the reappointment of Verma 
Sir, our Chairman, has been recommended by the Board and has been sent to RBI for approval. 
Two of our veteran board members Mr. Rathi Sir and Ms. Narang Madam are due for retirement 
in March 2023 after a long fruitful and very impactful inning at AU, for which we are deeply 
grateful. The Board will be joined by more Independent Directors in times to come. 
We have built a strong leadership team at various levels and continue to invest in them, while 
attrition remains a challenge. But SBU structure has further followed us to attract talent and 
facilitate our leaders with ample space to express themselves and build cohesive and motivated 
team which also helps in succession planning. We are increasingly becoming an ‘Employer of 
Choice’ and continue to do more every quarter on our employee engagement proposition.  
The journey of last five plus years have cultured us towards pursuing holistic growth and 
development. We are working on every aspect which makes us more purposeful from focusing 
on ESG to embracing diversity, from furthering financial inclusion to building a Digital First 
bank, which I think is a great equalizer for all us. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Furthermore, the way we have grown in last five and a half years has given us hope that we are 
able to manage the current uncertain environment and navigate through the unknowns. I would 
also like to share you our key learning from last 22 quarter as a bank. First of all, we strongly 
believe that this platform is a public good which we deeply respect and are building carefully. 
We are imbibing the key principles of banking of Samajdari, Zimmedari and Imandari in every 
rights. We are not working with a quarter-to-quarter mentality, instead focusing on the long term 
horizon which is required to build a bank of substance and predictability. 
Governance is first, always first. We have put in place robust mechanism to manage our risks 
which makes us more sustainable and trustworthy. More importantly, we are ready for short term 
pains for long term gains. And we try not to heed to short term noises for long term voice. 
And the way forward in my opinion, the journey of AU for next five years would be more 
exciting as we not only implement the learning from these early years but also benefit from 
newer growth opportunities. 
We are giving impetus on scaling the Current Account channel and focusing on SMF (Small and 
Marginal Farmers lending). To cater the growing demand of wealth products in the coming times 
we are building our wealth management verticals. We have also decided to add ICICI Lombard 
as our newest bank assurance partners, I welcome them. 
The way the regulatory landscape has evolved in last six months around digital and 
cryptocurrency will only be benefiting the banking industry. Recently, the regulator also has 
allowed SFB to apply for AD-1 License and government agency business, and we are evaluating 
both as it will be a significant boost to our platform. 
In the near term, we navigate this uncertain environment, we will remain focus on executing our 
strategy, leveraging our strengths of understanding the borrower's cash flow, and assessing their 
business resilience amid challenging landscape. The current environment is not as severe as a 
pandemic, but we are keeping a close eye on the evolving situation, we and will calibrate our 
approach according to growing in a sustainable manner. 
Specifically, we will be prioritizing, optimizing our cost of funds, consolidating our deposit 
franchise, preserving risk-adjusted yields and continue towards our growth trajectory in a 
sustainable way. Overall, I can assure you that as in the past in everything we do at the bank, the 
endeavor is to build a highly sustainable and credible bank which is predictable, consistent. 
In cricket analogy terms, which is near to my heart, we have managed to bat well in the initial 
over despite some initial swing and seam movements and we are now in the middle over where 
the team needs to consolidate the innings to play long and to build a sizable score. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
And in the end I am very thankful to all stakeholders, government, our regulators, our board, our 
customers, our investors, the analyst community, my team and all the unsung heroes for 
supporting and believing in us. 
Thank you so much. I hand over to Uttam for the operational highlights. Thank you so much, 
pleasure. 
Uttam Tibrewal: 
Thank you Sanjay. Namaskar, and good evening, everyone. We are amidst the festivities, and I 
hope that the auspiciousness of this period rubs off on all of us. I wish you and your loved ones 
a very Happy Diwali and Prosperous New Year. 
Over the last 5.5 years as AU Small Finance Bank, we have charted our course carefully. I am 
happy to share that in Q2’FY23 we continue to deliver consistent business growth while keeping 
our margins intact. As Sanjay said, the focus is to implement the learnings of our years as a bank. 
To maintain our credit filters and quality of book, focus on granular customer acquisition, 
customer engagement, cross sale and CASA growth. We continue to be optimistic about 
opportunities and align our strengths for keeping our market position intact. 
To start with, I would like to cover some key operational highlights for the quarter. In line with 
building a diversified presence, the bank has made deeper inroads with 27 new touch points 
added this quarter, out of which 15 are liabilities branches, eight of them being in our emerging 
markets in UP, South and East India. With a view to bolster customer acquisition in urban 
markets, 13 out of 15 liability branches are located in metro cities like Chennai, Bengaluru, 
Hyderabad, Kolkata, etc. 
Maintaining our pace from the first quarter we have expanded our deposit book by 7% in this 
quarter and increased our CASA ratio from 39% to 42% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Similarly, 
our CASA plus retail TD mix now contributes 73% of total deposits. CASA deposits have grown 
109% year-on-year, and 16% quarter-on-quarter against a repo rate increase of 190 bps our 
incremental costs of funds increased by ~70 basis points during H1’FY23, and our overall cost 
reduced by 17 bps during the same period. 
After avoiding raising rates for entire of last quarter, with effect from 10th October '22, we have 
increased the FD rates by up to 60 basis points for retail deposits, taking our peak rate to 7.5% 
for regular customers and 8% for senior citizens. With this hike, the bank is offering one of the 
most competitive FD interest rates, thereby providing an opportunity to customers, particularly 
senior citizens to get inflation beating returns from their fixed deposits.  
We have been focusing on improving the product mix and cross-sell to our customers with an 
aim to increase average balances. Our product per customer has reached 1.63 for saving accounts 
customers and 1.97 for current accounts customers excluding dormant and BSBD accounts. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Our cross-sell efforts include disbursing 10,000 plus life and insurance policies, adding 8600 
plus three-in-one trading accounts, and adding 12,000 plus Mutual Fund, SIPs during Q2’FY23. 
Additionally, during the quarter we disbursed Rs. 728 crores via cross-selling of asset products 
to our Branch Banking customers, a growth of 64% quarter-on-quarter. 
Another key aspect of our Branch Banking strategy is sourcing of quality customers, and in the 
last quarter, 66% of all savings account sourced by branch team, excluding salary accounts were 
from premium category of Royal and Platinum accounts up from 59% in Q1. 
We have just launched our newest product for our current account customers called Platinum 
Business Account. This is a premium product with industry leading features designed to provide 
a lot of flexibility to our small business customers, with plug-and-play features around Cash, QR 
Codes, Digital Solutions and Pricing. This will provide added momentum to our current account 
journey, where 37% of our CA customers already hold high value variant of our current 
accounts. 
Our Digital Initiatives, AU 0101 App, Video Banking, Credit Cards and UPI QR have played 
an important part in improving customer experience and engagement. On saving accounts, our 
transacting customers have increased to 56% with an average of 28 transactions in a month. 
Further, approx 72% of the current account customers were active on Internet and Mobile 
Banking in Q2. This reflects the shifting preference of customers for primary banking with AU. 
Another engagement tool, AU Shopping Dhamaka is now in its fourth edition and is currently 
live, with very attractive offers, across platforms for this festive season, helping us engage more 
with our customers. 
Moving to our Asset SBUs let me start by updating you on our wheels business. As an industry, 
vehicle sales in Q2’FY23 has grown by 16% year-on-year with more segment displaying major 
growth particularly the passenger and commercial vehicle segments. Our average ticket size is 
around five lakhs on disbursements, and Rs. 2.6 lakhs at portfolio level excluding two-wheelers. 
This quarter, we disbursed Rs. 3,542 crores with an IRR of 14.29% which was an increase of 35 
bps sequentially. This also illustrates the ability and strength of our business model to transition 
price volatility. 
I am pleased to share that as of 30th September 2022, the wheels portfolio hit a milestone of Rs. 
20,000 crores through 7.81 lakh live loans, comprising of 53% new vehicles, 35% used and 
refinanced, 10% tractors, and 2% two-wheelers. Out of this Rs. 16,000 crore is contributed by 
the new book generated post April 2020, which continues to display robust asset quality at 
GNPA of 0.65% in line with our expectations. Overall collection efficiency for wheel business 
was 107% for the quarter. This also led to improvement in GNPA to 2.24% from 2.30% 
sequentially and from 4.31% a year ago. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Moving on to Secured Business Loans, as on 30th September 2022 our SBL portfolio stands at 
Rs. 17,471 crores with weighted IRR of 15%, growing 22% year-on-year. We have 1.74 lakh 
unique customers with a GNPA of 2.8% as on 30th September. This quarter, we added 12,000 
plus customers with 76% new to bank with an average ticket size of 11.2 lakhs. For a total 
disbursement of Rs. 1,459 crores, which has increased 49% year-on-year and 14% quarter-on-
quarter. Collection efficiency for SBL business continues to be robust at 112%. 
Moving on to the older but newest kid on the block, ourd Home Loans SBUs. Currently operates 
out of our eight major states and our total HL portfolio was Rs. 3,365 crores as on 30th September 
2022, a growth of 12% quarter-on-quarter. Our disbursement in Q2’FY23 was Rs. 498 crores, 
comprising of approx. 34,000 loans with an average ticket size of around 11 lakhs. Our GNPA 
on this portfolio continues to be stable at 0.44%. 
Notably, being an Affordable Housing book, much of our book is also eligible for long-term 
refinance from NHB. Geographically we are seeing greater demand from both urban and semi-
urban / rural areas which remain strong with the onset of the festive season. 
Commercial Banking is a franchise business, which we started on the banking platform and our 
two main product lines under this our Business Banking and Agri Banking. On Business 
Banking, the portfolio has reached Rs. 3,837 crores as on 30th September, a growth of 18% 
quarter-on-quarter with disbursement of Rs. 938 crores during the quarter. Further the portfolio 
is 98.5% current, and GNPA was reduced to 0.17% on September 30th 2022, from 0.34% as on 
30th September 2021. 
Agri Banking business has reached Rs. 3,000 crore portfolio mark, and is growing with stable 
asset quality. This quarter we saw an incremental disbursement of Rs. 486 crores due to several 
conducive factors including growing our footprints in newer geographies, newer product 
initiatives like Financing to FPOs, which is Farmer Producer Organizations, have started 
contributing to the small and marginal farmer book of the bank. 
Summing up, we are in the rising interest rate where inflation is proving to be more resilient than 
initially estimated. We shall continue to monitor our competitiveness and calibrate deposit rates 
accordingly, with focus remain on garnering low-cost CASA and retail deposits. 
The festive season historically accounted for good business in second half of any financial year, 
and we are witnessing increased demand across most of the business segments this year as well. 
We continue to focus on growing our asset business sustainably with yield optimization and 
keeping our credit filters intact. 
While we are bullish on India, we are conscious to not get carried away by return of the credit 
demand post that two years of pandemic. Till we ascertain if it is a pent-up or a sustainable 
demand, we will continue to focus on our strengths and reinforce processes -- to prepare for the 
next promising period of India, yet being watchful of the demand situation. As always, we 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
remain highly engaged with customers on ground to gauge demand and dynamically calibrate 
and optimize ourselves. I remain confident that our business model and execution capabilities, 
optimistic about the opportunities and potential and yet watchful. 
I look forward to sharing more with you in the coming quarters. I now invite Gaurav to share his 
thoughts on our different initiatives. Thank you and take good care. Thank you. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Thank you, Uttam. Good evening, everyone. I will now provide an update on our tech initiatives 
including Credit Card and UPI QR. Tech remains an the area of key focus for the bank and we 
continue to execute on our tech strategy with the objective of growing our deposit franchise, 
developing unsecured lending capability and building out our digital distribution. 
We soft launched AU 0101 in June '21 and did a full commercial launch in August '21, in the 
middle of the pandemic, since then, our digital capabilities and key metrics have progressed 
significantly. 
I will take a moment to talk about three key highlights around Digital Adoption, Acquisition and 
Engagement: 
I) On Digital Adoption - Our Digital Adoption is 3x of June '21 levels with 14 lakh digital 
customers of which 8 lakhs are monthly active. 98% transactions and 90% of service requests 
are being executed digitally. 
II) On Digital Acquisition - Customer acquisition through digital products has increased 
significantly accounting for 42% of total customer acquisition in Q2 versus 0% in June '21. Since 
the launch, we have opened over two lakh accounts using video banking, issued over three lakh 
credit cards, disbursed over Rs. 500 crore of digital personal loans, and installed over eight lakh 
UPI QR. 
Digital Acquisition is also helping us lower our cost of acquisition, for example, digital savings 
accounts were acquired at 50% lower cost of acquisition compared to our branch channels. These 
digital savings accounts accounted for 38% of total savings accounts acquisition in Q2. 
III) On Digital Engagement - Our digital proposition has also increased customer engagement 
meaningfully. We have extended pre-approved offers to over 1.5 million customers since June 
'21 off which over two lakh customers took up the offer. Monthly transacting customers, as a 
proportion of total savings account customer, has increased from 47% to 56%. An average 
monthly transactions per transacting customer has increased from 17% to 28%, an increase of 
65%. 
I will now give a brief overview of our three digital units:  
1) 
Video banking - Video banking as a distribution and service channel, continues to improve 
with the aim of making 0101 plus video banking a complete replacement of a branch. In 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Q2, video banking team opened over 50,000 savings accounts, received around 80,000 
servicing and engagement calls and increased total relationship value of digitally sourced 
savings account customers to Rs. 870 crore, an increase of 21% quarter-on-quarter. 
Average relationship value of a digital Savings Account customer stands at over Rs. 40,000. 
Combination of video banking and 0101 is also driving reduction in branch visits, which 
propensity of digital Saving Account customers to visit branches being one-third as 
compared with customers acquired through branches. 
ii) Moving over to Credit Card, we issued over 90,000 credit cards in Q2 and crossed Rs. 500 
crore of monthly spend in September. Our credit card proposition is helping us attract new to 
bank customers with 47% of total cards reissued to new customers. We continue to innovate 
with new product launches, let India's first customizable credit card which was launched last 
quarter, continues to be very well received in the market and is now our highest selling card 
variant. Our key Credit Card metrics are in line or better than industry average, with 86% of our 
customers having activated their cards, and 53% customers being 30-day purchase active. 
Now a brief update on our Merchant Solutions business, during the quarter we installed 1.5 lakh 
UPI QR taking our installed base to 8.1 lakh. With over 1.5 lakh daily transactions, UPI QR 
continues to help us drive engagement and deepening of our Merchant customers. 85% of 
transactions by value were credited to link AU CASA accounts. This has helped increase average 
monthly balances by 83% post UPI QR installed. We are also cautiously building out our digital 
unsecured lending program for merchant. Total unsecured loan disbursement to merchants 
amounted to Rs. 86 crore. 
In addition to customer facing Digital Initiatives, which I just spoke about, we are also investing 
in a number of areas around digitization, core technology stack and cybersecurity. Some of these 
key projects include upgrade of our core banking platform, which we expect to go live in the 
next few months, implementation of data platform which would unify all of banks data in one 
place, and enable development of next level of analytics capability in the bank. 
Implementation of a new loan origination system for wheels business on the Salesforce platform, 
this would better equip our wheels team for faster onboarding of customers. And finally, our 
Cloud Migration project, which would be an ongoing initiative for next couple of years and 
include both migration of selected existing applications to Cloud as well as onboarding new 
applications on Cloud. 
To conclude, Q2 was another quarter of solid execution, and we continue to progress in our 
digital journey. With this, I will now hand over to Aseem for Q&A. 
Aseem Pant: 
Thanks Gaurav. Faizaan we can start the Q& A. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Renish from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Just a couple of questions, one is on the disbursement number so which has been segmented 
around Rs. 8,000 crore from last couple of quarters. And when we look at the sequential growth 
in the wheels and the SBL portfolio, which is almost 70% plus of our portfolio is around 2% 
growth. So, what is happening on the disbursement side, I mean, why it has been stagnant, and 
particularly within the segments why wheels and SBL is still sort of showing the muted growth? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
We don't think that our business disbursement are stagnant, because we have one yearly plan in 
place and by that numbers we are growing every quarter. And of course, wheels and SBL, both 
businesses have some size, and we have grown so much well in last five years. So, we just want 
to take the risk management and the whole controls and all those things to really see that we 
don't build wrong book in a good time. 
So, I think we are absolutely on track because we have lot many books to offer. We do wheels, 
we do SBL, we do home loans, we do commercial banking, credit cards. So, we need to figure 
out and that's why we started all those different product so that we have a very balanced growth. 
So, I think we are absolutely in course of the yearly numbers. I would say that generally in first 
six months, we do around 40% to 45% of business. So, in that sense, I would say you will see 
lot much growth happening in next six months, in comparison. So, that's the sense I really want 
to build where every product want to contribute in the journey of growth. 
Renish: 
And secondly, on the Business Banking and Agri SME, this book has been growing at a pretty 
faster clip from last six, seven quarters. So, if you can just throw some light in terms of let's say 
the tenure and the kind of customer segments where we operate, because when we look at the 
yield on the business banking, it is around 10%, 10.5%. So, I would say it is one notch below 
then what leading participant banks are tapping. So, maybe if you can just throw some light on 
the customer segment and the latest maybe the collection trend or any data point which you can 
highlight? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
So, both Business Banking, Agri Banking, both are primarily working capital books, and the 
average ticket size for both vertical ranges from Rs. 80 lakhs to Rs. 1 crore kind of a thing. So, 
it has more component fund based and non-fund based. It's a pretty normal working capital 
business where most of the facilities are renewable at the one year, it has a smaller component 
of CAPEX loans which typically are brownfield sort of expansion or some equipment or 
machinery purchase kind of a thing. But broadly, it’s a business where, we also get a lot of cross-
sell opportunities with the same customer base, has good amount of deposit from the same 
customers. And as far as the yield is concerned, we have to look at from the spread perspective 
because these are low Opex business as well.  
And just want to add on like you know these are not one notch below the other private sector 
bank customers because lot much formalization has happened after GST in last five years, and 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
here also we are using our distribution because we are more dominating in the core which is the 
semi-urban rural area where also we have seen lot much formalization happen, people didn't 
have any kind of leverage on their balance sheet, but in last five years, their business has come 
everything on a formal side, they require cash credit and all those things, and we are able to price 
the risk, and we are able to actually price our positioning as a franchise. So, I would say that 
again, I won't say that it’s a below level of any private sector bank because our net NPA in 
Business Banking book is around 0.16 right at a rate of 10%. So, very comfortable in this kind 
of positioning and I strongly believe that India in MSME and SME in next decade will do 
wonders. 
Renish: 
Is there any geographical let’s say concentration, maybe a Business Banking, Agri SME, 
Rajasthan outside Rajasthan, if you can give some data point around that? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
See typically our asset business are distributed between Rajasthan, MP, Delhi NCR, Punjab, 
Haryana, Gujarat and Maharashtra. So, that is where it is spread out. As new geographies are 
very new and wherever the branch banking because this business would be a branch centric so, 
wherever the branch banking franchises would progress, these business would follow the suit. 
Prince Tiwari: 
So, Renish, two data points, on the first question you have to also understand, we also securitized 
about Rs. 700 odd crores during the quarter from the wheels business. So, that will also impact 
the gross advances, and as far as what Mr. Vivek ji said that you know the entire Business 
Banking, Agri Banking, geographically it would be very similar to the overall book. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ratik Gupta from Guardian Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Ratik Gupta: 
So, we have reductions during the period of approximately Rs. 234 crores, so I just wanted to 
understand how much will be the write-offs or the recoveries from this, if you have the breakup? 
Prince Tiwari: 
This data has been given on Slide #26; we have done a Rs. 23 crore write-off. 
Ratik Gupta: 
And I wanted to understand, if we have a deposit rate being fixed, and with the increase in repo 
rate, we still don't see cost of funding or that increased level. So, I just wanted to understand a 
picture of it, so, how is the incremental cost of funds going down and the repo rate has been 
increasing? 
Prince Tiwari: 
No, so incremental cost of funds hasn't gone down, incremental cost of funds have gone up ~70 
basis points. 
Ratik Gupta: 
Cost of Fund 
 Prince Tiwari: 
See total cost of funds, there is a base effect, there is an AUM and the overall cost has been 
coming down for us, if you look at for last two years. So, prior to pandemic, we were at about 
7.5%, last full year the cost of funds were about ~5.9%. So, an incremental cost of fund if you 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
see we started the year at about 5.3. So, to that extent, it has just been an mathematical 
adjustment. 
Yogesh jain: 
So, lot of old money is still there, because of that my cost is coming down, but if you will see 
when we started our year, we started from around 5.65, which is now 5.8. So, in six months our 
overall cost had increased, but it is still since we have low cost old money in system. So, that is 
why my overall cost is still 17 basis points below than what it was in last year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prabal from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prabal: 
My question is on the SA deposits, so very strong growth sequentially and year-on-year. But if 
we see the monthly growth in the balance sheet as well that is also very strong. So, just want to 
understand what is driving this increase in the balance sheets per customer or we are also able 
to see mobilization of more customer base. 
Rishi Dhariwal: 
See, we continue to acquire customers in our Royal and Platinum offering products, which is 
what is finding good traction with customers. The second is that we have increased our branches 
in urban markets by almost 130 branches over the last two years, which is similar to reach out 
to customers in newer geographies and the expanded distribution, adds to our ability to source 
more and more Savings Account. 
The third is that the savings customer and the deposit customer are, two very, I mean they are 
two different groups of people, there are different groups of people who typically keep money 
in savings. The customers who typically book deposits are the ones who are senior citizens and 
people who want to save money for slightly longer term. So, we have been able to sort of ramp 
up our savings accounts acquisition and that is showing the growth in savings. 
Prabal: 
Okay. and what was the cost of SA deposits, if you have the number? 
Prince Tiwari: 
So, 5.5%. 
Prabal: 
The question was that we have seen reduction in employee whereas the employee cost have gone 
above 15% Q on Q. So, what can explain that? 
Prince Tiwari: 
Obviously, employee cost is more a function of, there is annual appraisals and those things 
happen predominantly for us, it happens in Q2. So, that would be part of the reason, but nothing 
extraordinary there. Of course, in terms of overall capacity addition point of view, we had some 
excess capacity during the COVID days. So, because of that, we have obviously been looking at 
focusing a lot on productivity and rationalizing some of those manpower, looking at the overall 
environment, and then inflation has always played a role, right, because the appraisals typically 
would follow in this quarter and given the inflation that's happening, given the entire talent 
crunch that's happening across, you would see a natural cost increase. So, that's what it is, 
nothing else to read into it. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Vimal Jain: 
In addition to that, actually, you are comparing the cutoff date numbers, whereas total cost paid 
for the employees is (for) around 700 more than average of the last quarter. So, that is why this 
cost has increased. So,closing numbers, is reduction of 1200 number, but in average its 700 more 
than last quarter. 
Prabal: 
So, is it fair to say that Rs. 450 crore number is not sustainable and can improve quarter-on-
quarter from here onwards? 
Prince Tiwari: 
No, what we are saying is that ultimately see the employee wage bill would typically follow the 
inflation cycle and where the entire employee base is going to grow. What Vimalji just 
mentioned that the reduction in the employee base has happened towards the quarter end number 
that you are seeing. If this sustains going forward, then obviously you will see some amount of 
impact. But in case depending on the business requirement and how the overall environment 
shapes up, if we decide to further increase our hiring, then obviously that will also have an 
impact. So, we will have to see how we go along. 
Prabal: 
And on the other OPEX so any targets on cost to income because now that is almost 4.5% to 
average assets so I understand…. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Prabal, if I understood your question, cost to assets is typically something that we don't track. 
We track cost to income ratios, which we have already talked about in the presentation, and also 
given a guidance and touched upon in MD’s speech. It's definitely outside of our comfort zone 
and we are working on it, and you would see there has been a reduction quarter-on-quarter. And 
we will continue to do our best to bring it down to our guidance range of about 62% odd. 
Prabal: 
And this 62% odd would be because of improvement in income and not because of the reduction 
in the cost of the investment --? 
Prince Tiwari: 
No, both actually because in the 1st Quarter also, if you see there was an impact on the income 
right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anusha Raheja from Dalal & Broacha. Please 
go ahead. 
Anusha Raheja: 
Yes, I am saying over the next two to three years, when you feel that operating leverage will 
kick in, and you will have material reduction in the cost to income ratios? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, again, you know that there were so many unknowns in the last two to three years, right due 
to pandemic and now also you are seeing a lot more uncertainty around the future growth, but 
we as a bank need to always capitalize ourselves to really sustain. So, if you ask me that, whether 
we will have an operating leverage in two to three years, I will say let’s give us another three to 
five years, because in that timeframe we will have a sizable business in place, there will be more 
loans in place, and I think I would say not 2 to 3 years but maybe in three to five years, you will 
see operating leverage helping us to build a better ROA. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Anusha Raheja: 
I mean, definitely you are in an investment phase currently and that's positive, but any number 
to put up over the next three years? What internal number that you are looking at, or any ballpark 
number to put there? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, give us some more time, because it's difficult to predict, as of now, because of this, continued 
inflation. We are into investment phase, our credit card business, we do banking business, the 
whole tech business is coming up to a size and shape. So, I think it’s difficult to predict to be 
very honest. But we are not out of the course, we are not running a very high cost around it. If 
you take our investment cost say around 55% to 56%. So, I would say that, next three to five 
years we will have some kind of operating leverage there. But it's difficult to put a number 
around it as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhaval: 
I just had one question relating to the PSLC income. In general, like for the first half we have 
seen a very low number. So, could you just comment, what is driving this run rate. And if you 
can give some perspective --? 
Yogesh Jain: 
So, PSLC is just I think market factor, and every quarter we see how market is behaving, what 
are the rates, premium available. So, if you will see 2nd Quarter premiums were very muted, 
micro and general were happening on 2 paisa to 1 paisa. So, we decided that -- and we will see 
next quarter. So, we have PSLC portfolio available. But since rates were not there, we will figure 
out in next quarter. But as we mentioned in our presentation, that we securitized some of our 
portfolio to get some rate advantage. So, we will balance between PSLC and securitization going 
forward also. 
Dhaval: 
And the second half should be significantly better than the first half in terms of PSLC? 
Yogesh Jain: 
There is no such benchmark because earlier 2nd Quarter was better, last year. So, there is no 
benchmark, we will see each quarter and then accordingly, we will figure out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Darpin Shah from Haitong India. Please go ahead. 
Darpin Shah: 
So, my question is towards growth, now while you are talking about uncertain times and 
preserving our yields and consolidating deposit franchise, should one assume that even the loan 
growth from here on will moderate or will still continue the way we have seen AU in the previous 
years? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
No, so I would say that, that’s why we call it uncertain time, because we are not able to predict 
and there are certain headwinds like inflation, interest rates, liquidity, right. And you know that 
our asset growth is driven by the deposit growth, we can't grow asset on it’s own right. And 
deposit is pricey now. So, we don't want to raise money at any cost and want to lend it at any 
kind of rate. So, we really want to protect our NIMs and our ROE and ROA. So, that is why we 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
are saying that we want to really see that how the growth happens, it has to be profitable, it has 
to have some kind of numbers around it. As I told you that generally we do 40% to 45% of 
business in 1st Quarter, that makes a very healthy growth rate in this year itself. So, there is a 
demand but we just don't want to rush ourselves. Because I strongly believe of my experience 
of 25 to 26 years that bad books are built in good times. So, we don't want to do anything like 
that. And so there is growth, but we don't want to say that, we really want to grow out of that 
right. So, that's our positioning. But we are growing well and we believe in that, that any 
sustainable, reasonable growth can be manageable and sustainable. 
Darpin Shah: 
Just one last data keeping question, how much was the slippages from the restructured book 
during the quarter. 
Aseem Pant: 
That was Rs. 58 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
Just two sets of questions. I mean, it just seems to me being a little more cautious, quite a few 
times, we heard building bad book during good times, which is a fair comment. But therefore, 
just trying to get a context of what kind of growth are you actually looking at for this year and 
maybe in the next year as well? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, I am just repeating back, generally we do 40% to 45% of business in H1, and that makes us 
around 12% or 13% growth itself, we are already delivered. So, if you mathematically 
calculated, it will be around 27% to 28% kind of growth this year. And my point is not that that 
we don't want to grow in that aspect anything around 27% to 28% even 30% is good enough. 
But the idea is to really grow at some kind of strategy, because we can't raise money at any cost 
and we just don't want to lend at lower rates. So, we really want to protect our NIMs, our ROA 
and that is why we are saying that there is enough demand available, but demand has to be 
profitable for us. And in past we have done that, even in my NBFC days, there was a good time, 
but we never ever gone to the market demand. I always try to build our own strategy and work 
upon those lines. 
So, my, my sense is that we are on right course, we have a very long term vision to build this 
bank. We need to see the cycles, the team need to understand, team need to hold on and see 
through every up and downs of the bank journey to really become a more long term franchise, 
which makes you very sustainable and predictable. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
If I can just kind of expand the question, I mean, is there something in the environment that you 
are a little worried about? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
In my opinion, inflation remains like this, and there is an elevated interest rate and then it will 
eat up your wallet so how the people will pay the EMI. If suddenly, the crude goes up to $120 
to $130 per barrels, then what we should do because we are running a vehicle book, we are 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
running a SBL book. So, we need to be cognizant of the fact that how inflation remains for next 
six months. The policymakers are doing their best, but the demand is like this. And what I want 
to say is just that while you grow, let's grow sustainably. So, when you have a lot, much demand, 
you can pick and choose. So, we are doing that and in that, we really want to calibrate ourselves, 
let's price rates, let's understand customer more, let's see that even on a high inflation, high 
interest rate cycle, whether it’s okay to pay EMI. So, I think that kind of understanding we are 
building internally. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
The second question is, I don't know if you will be able to able to share, in the 4th Quarter we 
did that the OPEX movement between ‘21 and ’22, split out between three or four different 
components, possible to get it in the first half how this has moved? 
Prince Tiwari: 
We have given the data, I mean not in so many words, but the number is definitely there, it’s on 
Slide #15 around Rs. 125 crores of the incremental expenses has been towards investments and 
the breakup is there on that slide.  
Aseem Pant: 
That’s for Q2 and similarly you can find for Q1 in Q1 presentation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarthak an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sarthak: 
My question is to Sanjay sir. So, can you give me approximate expense towards the fund raised 
and what ROA would have been barring this exceptional item? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Oh, specific data right you want – 
Prince Tiwari: 
So, we have already disclosed that. No, so the exact number is already disclosed in the placement 
document that is as per requirements of SEBI. So, broadly it was around 1% if I remember 
correctly, just a tad above 1%. 
Sarthak: 
Around Rs. 20 crores you mean to say. 
Management: 
Yes, Rs. 23 crores, if I remember correctly. 
Sarthak: 
And my question is to Sanjay sir, so I being a retail investor, it's very difficult for me to calculate 
each and every moving item in P&L. So, I just want to get a sense that what our sustainable 
ROA would be for like two to three years, and then once operating leverage kicks in, after three 
to five years, just give a sense, a number, a range? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, I would say that, you have to see our last five year working that gives you enough guidance, 
because we always remain north of 1.7 to 1.8 of ROA, (RoE) north of 15%, initially, our journey 
of last five years. So, Sarthak to be very honest there are so much moving items like how the 
interest rates will play out, we invest in so much of digital capabilities, like pandemic happened. 
And there are lot much unknowns which happen to us in next five years favourably. So, if you 
ask me specifically, it's difficult for me to comment, but the last five years, number, data should 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
October 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
give you confidence that this franchise is very sustainable, because we have figured out, the asset 
franchise, way to lend, at what rate we want to lend, what our NPAs can be, because what not 
we have seen in last five years. So, our asset franchise is very solid and very strong. Our deposit 
franchise in last three years has completely gone through a complete change, from a wholesale 
franchise to retail franchise. So, that is also enabling us to manage costs in spite of this inflated 
rate. And then again, our digital properties are coming up. So, I think all put together and I 
strongly believe that anything what we have achieved in last five years should be there on table. 
But anything can happen better from here. 
Sarthak: 
So, maybe once operating leverage kicks in, 2% plus ROA is also possible, 2 to 2.2 or 2.3 
something like that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Difficult to comment for me, but let's hope for the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Aseem Pant for closing comments. 
Aseem Pant: 
Thank you everyone, for joining us and for your support. On behalf of the entire AU team, we 
wish you a Happy and Healthy Diwali. Please reach out to the IR team for any further questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of AU Small Finance Bank, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
