Quick Heal Technologies Ltd. 
 Sssss 
 
 
Ref. No.: QHTL/Sec/SE/2022-23/44 
 
              
    
 October 27, 2022 
 
 
The Manager,  
 
 
 
The Manager, 
Corporate Services, 
 
 
 
Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited,  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Ref: Security ID: QUICKHEAL 
 
 
Symbol: QUICKHEAL 
Security Code: 539678   
 
 
Series   : EQ 
 
 
  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of investor/analyst call 
 
In continuation to our letter dated October 21, 2022 call recording of investor call for Q2FY23 
results, please find attached the transcript of investor/analyst call held on Thursday, October 20, 
2022, at 04:00 PM IST. The same is also available on Company’s website.  
 
The link to access the same is as follows:  
https://www.quickheal.co.in/documents/investors/conference-call-transcript-q2fy23.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Quick Heal Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
A. Srinivasa Rao 
Company Secretary 
M.No.: F9901 
Regd. Office: Marvel Edge, Office No. 7010 C & D, 7th Floor, 
Opposite Neco Garden Society, Viman Nagar, Pune 411014. 
Tel: +91 20 66813232 | Email: cs@quickheal.co.in 
CIN - L72200MH1995PLC091408 
www.quickheal.co.in 
SRINIVASA 
RAO 
ANASINGARAJ
U
Digitally signed by 
SRINIVASA RAO 
ANASINGARAJU 
Date: 2022.10.27 
18:00:51 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 8 
 
Quick Heal Technologies 
Earnings Conference Call  
Oct 20, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quick Heal Technologies Limited Q2 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call As a reminder, all participants lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Miss Chaiti Gujarati from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Miss 
Chaiti.  
Chaiti Gujarati: 
 Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Chaiti Gujarati 
AVP Operations of Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor relations of Quick Heal 
Technologies Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in 
today's earning call for the second quarter and half year ended 30th September 2022. Before we 
begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in 
today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipating 
such statements are based on management beliefs as well as assumptions made by an information 
currently available to management. Audiences are cautious not to place any undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements in making any investment decision. The purpose of today's 
conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental results 
and financial quarter under review. Now I would like to introduce you to the management 
participating in today's earning conference call and give it over to them for their opening remarks. 
We had with us today Mr. Kailash Katkar, Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Sanjay Katkar, Joint 
Managing Director and CEO and Mr. Navin Sharma, Chief Financial Officer. Without any further 
delay, I request Mr. Kailash Katkar, Managing Director and CEO to give his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir.  
Kailash Katkar: 
 Thank you, Chaiti. Good afternoon and warm welcome everyone to our quarterly earnings 
conference call to discuss the result and business update for the second quarter of financial year 
23. India has become an economic powerhouse in the global landscape. Thanks to its 
unprecedented growth in every sector, especially technology, while this has brought great 
convenience to the public but one cannot discount that vulnerability has grown multifold in the 
rising intensity of the Internet and the growing technology like 5G. As you must be aware Quick 

 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Heal is a pioneer in Indian cyber security space providing truly make in India products. We are the 
undisputed market leader in the consumer segment in India which constituted around 70% of our 
revenue in first half of financial year 23. For the past few years, the company has been investing 
heavily into enterprise solutions for which market opportunity is roughly 20 times larger than the 
consumer segment, commanding over 95% share of the total 150 billion market globally. And is also 
expected to grow three times faster than the consumer segment. In quarter two financial year 23, 
our enterprise business continue to witness strong and encouraging growth and did cross 100 crore 
revenue on the trailing 12 months basis for the first time. We won two large government contracts 
where these organizations have trusted security for their security solutions. Quarter two mark ninth 
straight quarter delivery year on year growth for this segment. This solidifies our beliefs in the 
business we incubated from scratch years ago. The consumer business witness declined with the 
overall market growth being stagnant. The stagnant market can be attributed to the lot of factors. 
Including, but not  limited to lack of customer awareness, lower growth rate of PC inventory and 
pricing pressure due to the competition. Within this stagnant market, there is a gradual shift 
happening towards the online channel. We have taken focused initiatives and intervention towards 
our consumer segment, which is degrowing at 11% to bring it back to the growth path. One of them 
being increased effort towards online and digital channel to attend our dominant market leadership 
as in the physical distribution channel. In the last quarter we began our engagement with one of 
the top Global Management consultancy company to fruitify our long term strategy growth plan 
which is ensuring right intervention with regards to the strategic direction of the company in an 
agile manner. We also kicked off flagship initiatives of Cyber Shiksha for Cyber Suraksha and earn 
and learn which aim to sensitize over 7 lakh students on cyber security across India. Now I request 
Sanjay to take through the business segment and our strategic direction. Over to you Sanjay. 
Sanjay Katkar:  
Thank you, Kailash. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me give you some more insights into both the 
segments of our business. A consumer business which started 25 years ago is the cash cow segment 
for us. We do see cyclical upside and downside in the business as evident from our financial 
performance. While we have the dominant market leadership in the physical distribution channel 
in India, we are also increasing our efforts towards the online ecommerce and direct to customer 
channels for catering to both Indian and global consumer. Enterprise business  in the growth story 
for us in the last few years and years to come. This is an interesting and exciting phase for us as we 
are playing along multiple levers for growth in this segment, namely new products, new geography 
and new customers segment. Our product lines are broadly budgeted into 3 categories. Endpoints, 
zero trust and data privacy. The financial numbers which we are delivering is primarily driven from 
the endpoint security product in India where we believe to hold highest market share in the micro 
customer segment of less than 500 endpoints. We are strengthening our core offerings by 
complementing it with offerings like EDR and XDR, which adds detection and response layer to the 
protection for enhanced security. Our immediate key focus and potential in the short term is to 
move up the customer segment to attain similar share in the mid customer segment or greater than 

 
Page 3 of 8 
 
500 endpoints. In the mid to long term, our liver of new product lines of zero trust and data privacy 
with geographical expansions in markets similar to India would provide large opportunities for the 
company. The accelerating growth in the enterprise segment is making our convictions even 
stronger. We are establishing product market fit for all these products. We are expecting revenues 
to flowing from H1 of FY24. I would now request Navin to take you through the financials for the 
quarter. Over to you Navin.  
Navin Sharma: 
 Thank you, Sanjay, and hello everyone. Let me take you through the financial highlights for the 
second quarter of FY23. The consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at Rupees 101 crores 
which degrew by 3% on a YOY basis, for H1 FY23 the consolidated revenues stood at Rupees 162 
crores, which represents a growth of 2% on YOY basis. The flattish revenues are amount of growth 
of enterprise business being nullified by degrowth in retail segment. Approximately 70% of the 
revenue  came from retail segment whereas 30% from enterprise and government segment during 
H1, reflecting on our ongoing strategy towards our revenue mix. We are also closely working 
towards bringing the consumer business in the growth path as Kailash mentioned earlier. Specific 
to the consumer business, the stagnancy in the market coupled with low demand pull from the 
consumer with the liquidity crunch is creating a period of stress in the distribution channel to 
outside the increasing receivables we are working on strict credit control measures keeping a 
balance between revenue and the collection. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 28% and 
reasons for decline in EBITDA margins was primarily due to the increased investment and efforts in 
R&D and sales and marketing as Kailash and Sanjay detailed earlier, R&D investments for the 
quarter stood at 30% of revenues, while the sales and marketing stood at around 25%. It is 
important to note that our gross margin for the quarter and half year will continue to remain strong 
and constant versus previous years at over 95% level. The net profit stood at about Rupees 22 
crores. Our balance sheet remains strong with zero debt and cash and cash equivalents of rupees 
338 crores as on 30th September 22. We are committed to driving shareholder value by growing 
profitably across both of our segments and driving solid unlevered cash flow and constantly 
rewarding our shareholders through buybacks and dividend distribution program. The current 
buyback period started from October 4 and ended on October 18, 22. The company is on track of 
completing the buyback process in Q3 amounting to rupees 185 crore inclusive of taxes. With this, 
I would like to open the call for question and answer session.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Manav Kapasi, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Manav Kapasi: 
 Wanted to ask that, can you explain in detail as to why the consumer businesses is degrew how 
much was the industry growth rate and are we losing any market share here?  
Navin Sharma: 
Basically, the consumer business witnessed a marginal decline with the overall market growth being 
stagnant. The stagnant market can be attributable to a lot of factors including but not limited to 

 
Page 4 of 8 
 
lack of consumer awareness, lower growth rate of PC sales and pricing pressure due to competition. 
While within the segment market, there is a gradual shift happening towards the online channel. 
We have taken focused initiatives and intervention towards our consumer segment which is 
degrowing at 11% to bring it back on growth path, one of being increased, one of being towards 
increased efforts on online and digital channel to attain our dominant market leadership, like 
physical distribution channel. So globally in India the consumer business on market share or let's 
say on business perspective is stagnant.  
Manav Kapasi: 
OK, understood. And coming to the enterprise business, can you talk about what were the key deal 
win for us how many as two client projects we were executing, what are the maybe the deal sizes 
here and what would be the order book for this business as on today Sir? 
Navin Sharma: 
 So basically we are into Micro segment where the user size is less than 500/per order. Deal size in 
the Enterprise side is not that big. We won two big government orders in this quarter and normally 
in this business we don't operate on order book it's like hunting and winning orders every quarter, 
but this business is growing with good pace. Last year we grew by 23% even in this year we are 
growing at 30% rate. This is the first time that in this segment on trailing 12 month we have 
delivered a revenue of 100+ crore. 
Manav Kapasi: 
OK, understood. And my final question would be that, I think company has hired a management 
consultancy firm. So can you talk a bit more about this and what are the initiatives and findings of 
this assignment?  
Navin Sharma: 
Those would be difficult to explain in this call, but lot of initiatives including finding right products, 
incremental market to grow beyond India etc are being co-created with them.  Few of other things 
which  includes going deep into online and digital presence etc have already been initiated. In 
coming quarters we will keep sharing specific actions we are taking against their suggestions. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Rathi an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Rathi: 
 So couple of questions over here. First one is on management consultant. I've been tracking 
company for long now, so I remember we had.  
Kailash Katkar: 
Vivek your voice is not that clear. Hope you are using handset. 
Vivek Rathi: 
I'm sorry, I'm just trying to be clear. OK. So how would you think, why would management 
consultancy, I mean how would you think it will help us because going by the records of many 
companies not our company, I think it did not create much value instead it was the cash burn that 
was first question and second one is on the expenses I see expenses have grown to 29 crore from 
22 from last quarter. Is there anything, I mean anything specific we are doing this up? Thanks.  

 
Page 5 of 8 
 
Navin Sharma: 
Our core purpose of appointing management consultant was to find right growth opportunity for 
the company. We have appointed this management consultant and they are co creating company 
strategy with us.  In last three, three and half months of our association with them, we have found 
many great insight with respect to market & products. A combination of which products should go 
along with our core product and even they are helping us in identifying key features we need to 
incorporate in our existing products. While at the time of appointing those consultants, we always 
believe that they would be providing right value for the company, that's why we have appointed 
them but we will keep evaluating their performance in times to come.  You might have seen our 
financials, we maintain a gross margin of 95%-96%. It means whatever revenue comes that directly 
flows into bottom line.  
 
Another aspect is enterprise business, which was a miniscule business four - five years ago. If we 
were not investing in this business in past, probably we would not have achieved the size of revenue 
what we have achieved today.  In trailing 12 month we have delivered 100+ crore revenue and this 
business is growing at the 30%+ rate against market growth rate of 11% and more so this business 
is equally profitable the way profits are being generated in, which means this business also comes 
with 90%-95% gross margin.  
 
From that perspective we are creating similar pipeline for future and we are investing heavily in 
R&D. Our 30% of total spent for the quarter was in R&D and 25% of the spend equivalent to revenue 
was in sales and marketing which is required for growth as we are in B2C and our offline channels 
competition is with online channel where we need to have right digital marketing presence. From 
these perspectives these two investments will keep happening. For FY23 and even for couple of 
quarters for FY24, our spent in R&D would be in range of 30% to 32% of our total revenue and our 
marketing spent would be in similar range. Hope I could able to address your both the questions.  
Vivek Rathi: 
Thanks for detailed reply. So just one question it will be helpful if you can do some other expenses 
or at least R&D expenses you can know specify the number like going forward, but again its 
(Inaudible 21.02) But that's in my opinion. And one last question. So I know many companies or like 
multinational companies are fired up with the different providers. And I remember we have asked 
this question even in last week on calls where investors wanted to know the company strategy on 
are we looking at any tie ups. But just wanted to understand, are we still with this degrow part is 
filled in the number one pivotal position in India market? And if not I think apart from marketing 
strategies are we looking at a future where we will mostly be more on the corporate focus then 
consumer focused, but that's the last one. Thank you.  
Navin Sharma: 
So if I have understood properly, do you want to know what is our market share in consumer 
segment in India or are we still market leader?  
Vivek Rathi: 
Yes. Are you still the market leader, that's what. I wanted to know.  

 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Kailash Katkar: 
So let me answer you this question. When it comes to the consumer, we are still the market leader. 
We are still having more than 35% market share. So it is not something that it is only Quick Heal’s 
consumer business has degrown. If you see the competitors in the market, all of them have degrown 
there consumer business when it comes to the India part of it. Second part, if I have to tell you 
about the enterprise part of it, we have major market share in small business sector where again 
we are at a market leader position and now we are aiming to become a market leader in midsize 
market also. And then gradually into the large size also. So we wanted to retain our leadership 
position when it comes to the enterprise in a small business and we wanted to aim our leadership 
position in the midsize sector maybe after one year we would definitely start focusing on large 
enterprise also part of it. And consumer, yes, we wanted to retain that leadership positions and we 
are at leadership position not for last two or three years, it is for almost 14 years actually, more 
than 14 years, 15 years, we are at a leadership position and we will definitely maintain that and we 
will put all our hard efforts to retain that leadership position.  
Vivek Rathi: 
Thanks a lot, I said it was my last question but one more follow up question is there. Which has the 
highest margin. Sorry I did not get time to look at the presentation but in case. I mean corporate 
one has a midsize or retail side that’s the last question.  
Kailash Katkar: 
If you are asking this question from a business point of view, the question is right. But when I'm 
running this cyber security company, so I have to consider I have to think about each and every 
market even though I have to spend more fund on product development for midsize market, I will 
have to do that because we can't just focus on a particular small business segment or just midsize 
business segment. If I have to create the perception about a cyber security expert then I have to be 
expert in all segments and then spending is going to happen and then when I look at the product 
development part of it, the same products gets applied to small business as well as midsize business 
as well as large sized business only the difference is the large size business, they keep on demanding 
more and more features. So which is already there in our road map. So as and when we complete 
that those features, the same product will become eligible for the large enterprise customers also. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Pankaj Jain: 
 I wanted to ask since the substantial top line is coming from the consumer business and today as 
we see that maximum of the operating systems are coming integrated with their own malware 
protections and they do not even want third party apps to be installed in there. So does that not 
bring circumstantial risk given to the going concern of the company? And then sooner or later that 
will collapse will not the consumer business for apps as well? That is the biggest concern of mine.  
Sanjay Katkar: 
So when you say that operating systems are coming with their own protections, they're not allowing 
the apps to install the third party apps, it's not right actually. OK, windows at least I will say which 
is our major revenue earner and the major share in our revenue. Windows allows all third party 

 
Page 7 of 8 
 
antivirus is to get installed and they do support third party entities as well. Yeah, of course the 
operating system does come with the basic antivirus as a free for user, but definitely there is little 
lack of awareness among the consumer which we are trying to create the awareness that operating 
system only focuses on protecting its own files and environment and it is the basic security that 
they give to make sure that if the user doesn't have protection, they will give you the free 
protection. But of course the threads which do come over the means which we see nowadays states 
that are evolving, they definitely make sure that they pass through all such basic security that there 
is provided by operating system or even any free product for that matter. I mean it's a basic case, 
will get protected, but threads are getting advanced, they are evolving. And they're making sure 
that they victimize, I mean to say if it is a ransomware or if it's a phishing attacks, they do pass 
through such basic security and that's where there is and there will always be a market for paid 
security for operating systems and that is what the space we are operating.  
Pankaj Jain: 
OK so this was what I personally felt because I too uninstall my antivirus because they just 
downgrade the speed of the PC and Windows Defender works well that is why I ask that and sir 
what is the percentage of the revenue that we're generating from the government businesses?  
Navin Sharma: 
Broadly 20% of revenue in enterprise business came from government business.  
Pankaj Jain: 
OK. So the switch to the government business is because of the downfall of the consumer business 
or is it at initiative, not because of downfall in the consumer business?  
Navin Sharma: 
No. Regardless government businesses is one of the prime focus in our enterprise.  
Pankaj Jain: 
No, just government enterprise business apart from consumer business.  
Navin Sharma: 
The government businesses is one of the focus thing for us within the enterprise business and this 
is not the first time we are doing government business. Even last year we were doing government 
business and with government focused on right R&D spending, etc., we expect this segment also to 
grow and unlike any other business where this create a receivable exposure, here we do business 
through right partners that help us in reducing any receivable exposure.  
Moderator:  
Thank You. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the conference over 
to the management from Quick Heal Technologies Limited for closing comments.  
Kailash Katkar: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings Concall. I hope we have been able to answer your 
question satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, please reach out to our Investor Relations manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. Stay 
safe and healthy. Thank you.  

 
Page 8 of 8 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Quick Heal Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.  
  
 
 
 
