 
 
October 27, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
ended September 30, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on October 19, 
2022, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-for-Q2-FY-
2023.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
 
Nilufer Shekhawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
NILUFER 
GAURAV 
SHEKHAWAT
Digitally signed by 
NILUFER GAURAV 
SHEKHAWAT 
Date: 2022.10.27 
17:07:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 19, 2022 
 
  
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Jignesh Shial - InCred Equities 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sundeep Sikka - ED & Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Prateek Jain - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Saugata Chatterjee - Co-Chief Business Officer 
Mr. Aashwin Dugal - Co-Chief Business Officer 
Mr. Arpanarghya Saha - Chief Digital Officer 
Mr. Hiroshi Fujikake - Chief Planning & Business 
Excellence Officer 
 
 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset Management 
Limited Earnings Conference Call for 2Q FY2023 hosted by InCred Equities. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jignesh Shial from InCred Equities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thank you Tanvi. Good evening everyone. On behalf of InCred Equities, I welcome all to 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 2Q FY2023 earnings conference call. We 
have along with us Mr. Sundeep Sikka ED and CEO along with the top management team 
of Nippon Life India Asset Management. I would like to hand over to Mr. Sikka, for his 
opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thanks Jignesh. Good evening everyone and welcome to our Q2 FY2023 earnings 
conference call. We have with us, our Chief Financial Officer Prateek Jain, Chief Business 
Officers Mr. Saugata Chatterjee and Mr. Aashwin Dugal, Chief Digital Officer 
Arpanarghya Saha and Fujikake-san, representative from Nippon Life. Our detailed investor 
presentation and press release have been uploaded on the exchanges as well as on our 
websites. 
 
Before we take your questions, let me share some comments on the recent industry trends 
and our quarterly performance. In Q2, equity markets rebounded from the lows of June 
2022. However, it ended on a volatile note due to the ongoing geopolitical concerns, global 
inflationary trends and weaker INR to USD movement. Despite the mixed overall outlook, 
Indian asset management industry maintained its growth momentum driven by higher retail 
awareness. The industry assets rose by 3% in this quarter mainly driven by higher equity 
and ETF assets. However as we look back, the industry assets have seen 4x growth in last 
10 years. Yet we believe that the significant growth potential still remains unrealized. 
Currently less than 3% of the population invests in mutual funds. In the last 24 months 
alone, the base of unique investors grew to 36 million - an increase of 69%. Monthly SIP 
flows touched all time high of Rs. 130 billion - an increase of 67%, while SIP folios 
increased to 58 million - a rise of 75%. The growth in investor base and consistently higher 
SIP flows clearly indicate investors’ preference for mutual funds to achieve their long-term 
goals. Formalization of the economy, digitalization, and higher share of mutual funds in 
housing savings are expected to be the key drivers for the growth of the industry going 
forward. At Nippon India Mutual Fund, our priority is to be ‘future ready’ and capture this 
long-term opportunity. In Q2, our industry ranking moved to fourth position on quarterly 
average AUM basis. AUM increased by 7% to Rs. 2,851 billion. At Nippon India Mutual 
Fund, investor’s interest remains our only constant. We added 1.6 million folios in H1 and 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
continue to have the largest base in the mutual fund industry. Our share of industry’s unique 
investors was stable at 37% with a base of more than 13 million investors. Systematic flows 
are a stable and key driver for industry’s long term equity flow. Nippon India Mutual Fund 
annualised systematic transaction book is at Rs. 108 billion. Quarterly flows increased by 
36% to Rs. 26 billion. On a gross basis, over 481,000 systematic folios were added in Q2. 
Our systematic AUM rose by 11% to Rs. 555 billion. 53% of our SIP AUM has continued 
for over five years vis-à-vis 22% for the industry. Also in volatile markets, folios with 
lower ticket size have demonstrated longer vintage and better stickiness. 14% of our SIP 
folios have continued for more than five years as against industry average of 10%. Today 
Nippon India Mutual Fund offers industry-best product suite in the passive category. With 
strong growth in industry’s passive assets, our ETF ecosystem is already in place and far 
ahead of peers, in terms of investor base and mind share. In this segment, we manage an 
AUM of Rs. 638 billion and have a market share of 14%. Excluding the EPFO allocation 
which goes to two specific AMCs, we would be the largest ETF player in the country. The 
gold ETF is the biggest fund in the category with having Rs. 66 billion under assets under 
management. Our share in industry’s ETF folios rose to 60%. In Q2, we added 108,000 
investors and accounted for 92% of the total industry’s ETF additions. We have 71% share 
of ETF volumes on NSE and BSE. Our ETF average daily volumes across key funds remain 
far higher than the rest of the industry. Our digital-centric strategy is also one of the 
keystones of our long-term growth and sustainability. We continue to enable new age and 
experienced investors, as well as our partners, with a cutting-edge digital solutions. In Q2, 
digital platforms contributed to 56% of our total new purchase transactions. Over 766,000 
purchases were executed through our digital assets - an increase of 4%. Nippon India 
Mutual Fund has a well-diversified and nimble distribution base and, a wide presence 
through 275 locations across the country. As of September 2022, we have over 87,200 
distributors empanelled with us. The MFT base rose to 87,000, with addition of nearly 
1,700 distributors in this quarter. 
 
Now on our financial performance. For this quarter ended September 30, 2022, profit after 
tax was Rs. 2.1 billion - an increase of 81% against Q1 FY2023. Operating profit was at Rs. 
1.9 billion. Operating profit, as a ratio of average assets under management, was 26 basis 
points in Q2 FY2023 as compared to 25 basis points in Q1 FY2023. In the past, the 
company has followed a consistent dividend policy. In FY2022, NAM India distributed its 
highest ever dividend with a payout ratio of 96%. Over the last eight financial years, NAM 
India has distributed a cumulative dividend of Rs. 34 billion. In today’s meeting, the board 
has approved an interim dividend of Rs. 4 per share. As we grow organically through 
physical and online channels, we remain open to evaluate investments and strategic 
opportunities that add to the profitability or complement our existing businesses and, 
ultimately are in interest of minority shareholders. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
As a signatory to UN-PRI, we have already begun to integrate ESG aspects into our area of 
strategy, business operation, investment management, and governance. We have chosen to 
prioritize issues such as climate action, diversity, inclusion, corporate governance, business 
ethics and responsible investment for immediate strategy formulation, execution and 
disclosure purposes. Through a combination of responsible investment approaches of 
screening ESG integration and active ownership, we aim to build a resilient portfolio that 
will not only provide sustainable returns to our investors but will also provide a positive 
environment and social impact. To sum up, I would like to reiterate that, at NAM India, 
investor centricity remains a key theme. We strive to deliver a superior experience and 
sustainable returns to our investors and in the process, add value to all our stakeholders. We 
are confident to continue our trend of profitable growth in coming quarters. With these 
comments, we are happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Hi thanks for the opportunity. So I had two questions. First was on the debt side of the 
business. So, if you look at the entire industry and even for NAM India, that has been 
degrowth for the last two quarters. I wanted to understand what is happening there. Is it due 
to performance or is it because of shift from active debt to passive debt. What are the 
factors that are driving the decline in the debt AUM for the industry and NAM India, and 
secondly, if you see sequentially, our realization has improved on overall basis and that has 
resulted in improvement in our core operating profits as well. Also, can you throw some 
light, what are the factors that helped us improve the realization? Is that the competition is 
easing out or the distribution margins are softening up or it is just one quarter wherein we 
saw higher share of equity in the realizations. These are my two questions. 
Aashwin Dugal:  
Thanks for your question. Regarding the debt flows that have reduced. First, at the industry 
level and that is quite evident because of the overall deteriorating macros, whereas the 
central bank action worldwide and also being followed by the central bank in India, which 
is to increase interest rates. The yields across the curve, both in short term and long term, 
have gone up quite substantially, especially at the shorter end and, hence, we have seen 
outflows from the debt funds into overnight and liquid schemes. If you see the trend, you 
would see in the last six months, our debt funds have lost money, but money has come back 
into either overnight fund or liquid funds. At NAM India, there has been a marginal decline 
mainly because our growth, over the last two years, was on the back of fixed income flows 
and partially from some corporates. We have seen one or two institutional investors who 
exited for the time being who had a higher share with us and, from the industry as well, we 
had a slightly higher share. Hence, we have seen some difference of market share for us. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Prateek Jain: 
Hi Kunal. So in terms of realization, there are mixed factors. It is not one off. We have been 
maintaining that outlook. It would be hovering around this levels, unless there is a drastic 
change in the asset mix. Here, two or three things played out for the quarter. We had a 
better share of equity, that was one. Secondly, in terms of flow and in terms of our fixed 
income realization, there has been a marginal increase. We have mentioned, in the past as 
well, that the yield keeps growing in the fixed income scheme. So, dissect this from the fact 
that the assets are going out, but more importantly, yields in these fixed income schemes are 
going up. As the yields go up in these categories, our propensity to charge slightly higher, 
improves and, so we have rationalized some of our TERs into the debt schemes and we 
have been able to improve our realization out there. Besides on the ETF side, we have seen 
slight improvement in the realization due to some regulatory interventions of requiring only 
one basis point to be kept aside for the investor education. So, these are the couple of 
factors. These are not one off, but these are sustainable ones, which have helped us in this 
quarter to improve our realization. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure, got it. Like historically, we have been suggesting that over medium to long term, the 
realization would keep on tapering off because of the new assets coming in. That continues 
to be the case, right? 
Prateek Jain: 
That is right. As the old asset versus the new assets change happens, then obviously, you 
will see some decline. But, as I mentioned in this call, as you see money coming into the 
fixed income asset and the yields are at an elevated level, as what we are seeing right now, 
our propensity to charge is higher. Also when the cycle will turn, you will see returns which 
is 8.5 to 9%. At that point of time, our propensity to charge will be even higher. We will 
have the AUMs in place because money would have moved into these categories. Also the 
yields will be higher and, therefore, you will get the double impact. I am sure that will be 
able to offset the realization dip in the equity assets. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Just one more question if I can squeeze in. So, if you look at our asset mix and our market 
share over the last two to three years, on overall basis, the market share is quite stable 
between 7.2% to 7.4%, but within that, segments like equity and debt have not gained 
market share or have been losing market share. For example, in debt, we gained some 
market share last year and now we are again losing it back. But two segments that have 
been gaining market share are liquid and others. That is where we have gained market share 
and we continue to gain. But from an overall profitability, business point of view, these are 
low yielding assets. How do we look at this from a longer-term perspective, because this 
will mean like increasing market share in categories, which are lower yielding, resulting 
into, of course, lower profitability for us? 
Prateek Jain: 
I would not have to read too much into fixed income. I think that is more because of the 
overall environment that we had seen investors changing to the shorter end of the curve. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
This will keep happening, and I do not see any loss because this is all fungible across liquid, 
short term, long term. Investors will keep changing across different cycles, so I am not too 
worried about that. I think as far as the equity is concerned, clearly, from our perspective, 
the green shoots are there. As you are aware, we had certain challenges in equity, a couple 
of years back. At this point of time, the majority of our funds, from a one-year perspective, 
are in quartile one or two. Some of our funds are already, on a three-year rolling basis, 
moving into quartile one and, the increase in SIP numbers and folios tell you that new 
investors and flows have already started coming into equity. So, maybe couple of quarters 
down the line, you will also start seeing the lag effect of this positive activities that is 
happening on ground and the equity market share should also move up. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. All the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Good evening Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my question on the distribution side. 
If we see the banking challenge, like one year ago, the share of AUM which was coming 
through the bank channel was about 10%. However it has declined like 8.5-8.7% in this 
quarter. Now with majority of our schemes now performing in quarter 1 and quarter 2, so 
what is the outlook over there and how is the response we are getting from the banking 
channel. 
Prateek Jain: 
Banks, for us was about 9% in overall scheme of things and, if I take the direct out, it was 
about 18 to 20%. So, even if that declines, it does not really mean much for us. However, I 
would ask Chatty to talk about how he sees flows going forward. 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
In case of the banking channel, what was our handicap earlier were the approvals. Since the 
equity performance has come back, good part is that in most of the channels and the banks, 
we have the approvals in place. The approvals are now getting converted into business 
volumes for us on the equity side. We have a bit of catch up on the debt side in some of the 
banks, but most of the banks are either equity players or SIP players, where the approvals 
which have come in the last two or three quarters, are going to help us. Majority of our 
funds are approved in most of the retail and wealth banks. The numbers will start reflecting 
as we go ahead, because equity comes with a lag. SIP numbers have started coming in. The 
net sales is improving. Hopefully, these ratios will start improving in the next two quarters 
from hereon. 
Lalit Deo: 
Thank you Sir. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi this is Prayesh Jain. Just three questions. Firstly if you look at how the redemption have 
shaped up on the equity side for the industry. Those have been kind of increasing in the last 
couple of months, any early trends to catch there. There is some profit taking or some issues 
out there where there are increased redemptions? Secondly, on the fee and commission 
expenses, we have seen an increase. What is that pertaining to and, thirdly, from other 
income perspective, do you think that the current run rate what you have achieved in this 
quarter, given if the yields remains where they are and, possibly the equity market kind of 
sees steady returns, do you see these kind of other income sustainable. Those are my three 
questions. 
Prateek Jain: 
As I mentioned in the call that the fee and commission expenses are pertaining to our AIF 
and PMS business. So, in AIF, we pay up front commission. If you get larger amount of 
assets in the quarter, you will see marginal increase in terms of fee, but obviously, the 
corresponding revenue will come with a lag effect. So that is the expenses, fee and 
commission side of it. In terms of realization, as I mentioned, these are more sustainable at 
this point of time. If we see the interest rate peaking up from here, then a lot of money will 
come into the fixed income category. All the money, which has gone out, will come back to 
the fixed income category from the corporate and intuitional investors and, then they will 
ride on to the fact that when the interest rates goes down, as part of the cycle, higher yields 
will be made into these products. When there are high yields, our propensity to charge will 
be higher. So, overall, on the fixed income side, two things have happened. One, in the last 
two and half years, lot of money has gone out from the longer duration, credit funds and 
come into the shorter end of the curve into liquid and other money market funds. The 
second part is that, in these funds also, the returns were fairly low. They were sub 5.5%. 
Therefore, our propensity to charge expenses were lower. But our average yields on these 
products are likely to go up in the coming quarters. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Prateek, my question was more on the other income that we have reported in this quarter. 
Whether that is sustainable, given the way the yields are moving and equity market return. 
Prateek Jain: 
See, these are all mark-to-market and, as shared in the past, of the total cash flow available, 
82% has been invested into our own MF schemes. Of that, barring the seed capital 
investment which we made into equity, remaining are into our fixed income schemes across 
the category. So, obviously, as the yields go up, our realization will increase from hereon. 
But we do not give any kind of forward guidance on our other income. There are no major 
assets, which are into the riskier category, at this point of time. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Aashwin Dugal: 
As far as the redemptions are concerned, the net equity flow, in the industry ex-arbitrage, 
for the past quarters have been 28,000, 20,000 and 23,000. Broadly they been in the same 
range. From our perspective, one thing is very critical. Is there any early trend of 
redemption? Clearly whenever the markets are volatile, it is HNI investors and the bulk 
money, which moves out fast and, comes in when their movement is faster. We focus more 
on granular business, retail business, and SIP, which is a lot more sticky. So, from our 
perspective, we have not witnessed any kind of redemption at this point of time and, for us, 
the trend could be little different from the industry because our business is very, very retail. 
Prayesh Jain: 
I just have one more question there. From a flow perspective, while you do not give any 
data as such about flows, is there a trend of increasing flow market share for Nippon India 
on the equity side in the last couple of quarters? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Over last many quarters, I think we have seen the trend getting positive. If I was to look 
over a trend line for last 36 months, from a net negative, we have moved to net positive. 
Prayesh Jain: 
But the market share has obviously been going up. Is it there in line with overall equity 
market share or is it lower than that? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So the net sales market share is inching up towards the equity market share. So that is the 
reason why the month-on-month equity market share is also now improving. 
Prayesh Jain: 
All right thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manjeet Buaria from Solidarity 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to understand as the competitive intensity in 
the industry goes up, different players have to pay more commissions to the distribution 
partners, as we have seen in some NFOs. How easy is it to close at these commission 
levels? Once the higher levels are given, it stays that way permanently? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Manjeet, we have always been very clear that long term business model cannot be made by 
paying higher brokerages. So we have been pretty conscious on it. We would not like to do 
something which is not sustainable from a long-term point of view. We have never gone 
overboard, wherein we will have to undo things later. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Dilip from Metaverse Equity Fund. 
Please go ahead. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Aditya Dilip: 
Thank you. My question is NAM has collaborated with DWS group to provide portfolio 
management and advisory services in European market for Indian government bond. So as 
far as the current situation is concerned, the recession part, what would be the upcoming 
plan from Nippon and is Indian businesses showing stable growth as compared to the 
European market, that is my question? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
The launch of product with DWS is in line with our strategy to grow our non-mutual fund 
business and offshore business. As we have mentioned in the past, we closely work with the 
Nippon Life team globally to look at opportunities, where we can collaborate with the 
various group companies of Nippon Life. There are many more such initiatives where work 
is in progress. This fund was launched just about a month back. At this point of time, it has 
just started and there will be couple of other products which will be launched across the 
global. But the focus will remain to get more money into India. 
Aditya Dilip: 
Okay thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi this is Prayesh here again. Just your thoughts on the hybrid segment. The industry has 
seen a lot of outflows in the past few months and, is there any particular reason for that? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Prior to the volatility in the market, there was more flows coming into the large cap, mid 
cap categories. Like you are rightly saying, in the last six months, we have started seeing 
more flows in hybrid. As the volatility increases, the trend shifts towards balance fund, 
hybrid fund, so we are seeing that trend happening today. Even if the volatility continues 
for the next 6 to 12 months, this category will start growing and that should be a good thing 
for the industry because these are stable long-term assets, which come into balance funds. 
Prayesh Jain: 
My question is we were actually witnessing outflow, not inflows?  
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Outflows in hybrids are not happening this time. In the last three to four months, the net 
flow is positive. It can be due to some NFO, which might lead to outflow in certain 
particular part of the quarter, but the trend is still positive. You have to add the hybrid 
categories. It includes equity hybrid fund. It includes balance advantage funds, it includes 
asset allocation fund, so the category is very large. It is not only one particular category 
which comes under hybrid. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And what are the plans for future launches with regards to all the scheme categories? 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Sundeep Sikka: 
We broadly feel our portfolio is complete. We will not be launching any funds just to come 
out with new NFOs. I think where you will see more launches, will be in international or 
passive. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Alright thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Hi good evening everyone. There is some improvement in the equity yields, right? So, is 
this something structural? Is the improvement structural in nature, is it sustainable? Second, 
there was some dip in the staff cost, so any colour on this and, third was on your channel 
mix. So there is some sharp dip in the share of banks, if you could throw some colour there 
as well. I am sorry if you have already these questions. I joined the call a bit late. 
Prateek Jain: 
No issues. In terms of yields, the overall yields are marginally up as compared to the 
previous quarter and, as I explained in the past that this is predominantly because we have 
improved our realization on the fixed income scheme and, I have given a detailed 
explanation for that. Also, our asset mix has marginally improved in terms of overall longer 
term high yielding assets and, these are pretty sustainable and not one off. Also, as Sundeep 
was mentioning, we will keep working in terms of our product offering, the distribution 
commission which are sustainable and will not go overboard, in terms of extending higher 
distribution commission for faster growth. In terms of staff cost, this is marginally lower, 
and these are related to certain provisions, etc., and there is no structural thing, which I can 
see up here. With regards to the channel mix again, if I see the last few quarters, overall 
share including direct etc., used to contribute about 10% and now they are 9%. So again 
there, I see a very marginal decline and that is because, from the industry perspective also, 
the bank share has come down. 
Aashwin Dugal: 
I just like to add to what Prateek mentioned, is the fact that in the last few months, we have 
seen some bit of institutional money that had been mobilized, some of that has moved out at 
the industry level, but the SIP business continues to come in. 
Sahej Mittal: 
On the staff cost what you did just said. There is just dip sequentially, so is there some 
reversal in this line. Is there some reversal in the staff cost? 
Prateek Jain: 
In the first quarter there were certain incentives etc., which got paid out and if you see the 
standalone results, there is nothing. But it is do with our subsidiary, so certain PLI expenses 
which booked into the first quarter and, therefore, there is a marginal decline in staff cost. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Sahej Mittal: 
In terms of your yield on the debts, so yield on the debt scheme have improved. So is there 
a change in the mix towards the credit risk or those sorts? 
Prateek Jain: 
While assets may change, what we have done is we have gone and improved our realization 
by changing TER, which we dynamically keep evaluating. What is the return a fund is 
generating and what is the expenses and what competition is charging, what is our 
performance with our competition. Based on all these factors, we keep evaluating, what is 
the expense we should charge on our debt schemes and, what we have done is we have 
changed realization in some of our schemes, which has resulted in better realization. These 
are two different strategies. While money may or may not come, but overall yields have 
gone up because of the underlying return generated by the papers. Therefore, we have been 
able to increase our expenses. 
Sahej Mittal: 
And any colour on the yields? how they are shaping up on the equity side? 
Prateek Jain: 
Again we have not seen significant change out there. Our sharing remains pretty much the 
same as what we were paying earlier and, obviously as I mentioned, the more new money 
replaces the old assets, then obviously we will see some decline. So over a period of time, 
we may see two to three basis points of decline, if this money gets replaced by the new 
assets. 
Sahej Mittal: 
The equity yields are still depleted. That is the correct understanding, right? 
Prateek Jain: 
On the existing, it may not, but if the new AUM comes and the old asset keeps going down, 
then obviously, you will see some decline in the equity yields. 
Sahej Mittal: 
In Q2, given the flow in the equity scheme for the industry was a bit soft, for us, how have 
the flows been. Did we witness net outflow or net inflow? 
Prateek Jain: 
We were net positive in terms of inflow and this was broadly in the range of our quarter 
one.  
Sahej Mittal: 
Any colour on the market share in terms of net flow? 
Prateek Jain: 
We do not disclose those numbers. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Okay, those will be my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citicorp. Please go 
ahead. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi good evening. There are three questions from my side. One has been the previous 
discussion. Would you like to quantify the differential between your existing and new 
business from yield perspective? Second question will be on the SIP business. If you can 
give some colour on what is the key distribution channel or origination channel for the SIP? 
Is it more direct or fintech-led or through the distribution and, third question is, from the 
industry perspective, what we have witnessed, there has been significant amount of flows 
that is going into the NFO. It seems that the incumbents are already present, but they are not 
able to garner the flow similar to that of more NFOs that has come in. So how do you want 
to see this from a medium term perspective given that a lot of key AMCs are also in the 
pipeline? That will be all from my side. 
Prateek Jain: 
Dipanjan, if can you just repeat your first question? 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
In the previous discussion you mentioned that the new yields continue to be lower than the 
existing yield. So would you like to kind of quantify, what is the differential outlook? 
Prateek Jain: 
On the old assets, our average distribution commission paid was 50 to 60 basis points. 
However, now it is more on a TER sharing basis. So, obviously, for different distributors 
we share different amount of fees and, it ranges between 55 to 70% of our TER. We share 
distributable TER with our distributors. So that is the difference, because in the past, on the 
old assets, we have paid higher upfront commission which are no longer allowed and, 
therefore it is entirely on trail. Therefore, the sharing mechanism has come in and we share 
almost 55 to 70% to our various categories of distributors. 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So on the SIP mix, the mix of business as we have seen in the last two to three quarters, the 
digital and the fintech partners have started contributing decently to our overall mix. Right 
now, as we speak, 60% of the business is coming from MFDs, and some of the banking 
channel partners have started giving us money. The remaining, around 35 to 40% is coming 
through the fintech partners. So, that is broadly the mix of SIP numbers which are coming 
to us and, what we are witnessing is that we are also increasing the absolute count on a 
month-on-month basis. So, right from ratio point of view as well as absolute numbers, both 
are seeing growth. The third question was on NFO. You asked something on NFO. What 
was that if you can repeat? 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Basically from an industry perspective, let us say the incumbents have particular fees in 
midcap, large cap, flexicap, but then you see NFOs coming in from the smaller players in 
similar categories where the flows are probably a bit higher than the combined of what the 
incumbents are garnering in a particular month or quarter. So, from that stand point, within 
that a lot of newer AMCs and there are also new AMCs in the pipeline, so how do you kind 
of think of the opportunity loss in new flows in existing schemes for larger players like 
yourselves? 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Broadly, in case of any new or old AMC or any new fund launched, until the time, it adds 
value to the portfolio in the long run, investors will keep investing. Any new NFO that is 
coming on whether higher brokerage or capability to pay. From a long-term point of view, 
that is not sustainable. Ultimately, these are all open-ended schemes. One can garner ‘x’ 
asset through an NFO. For these assets to be sticky, it needs to add value to the investors 
from a performance point of view and, the more important thing is, it has to be very, very 
granular and sticky. Because we have seen that when this bulk money comes, it goes out 
also at the same speed. So, from our perspective, our focus is not to get distracted with the 
new NFOs which are coming in the industry and, we will continue focusing on our existing 
schemes and, whenever we see any vacuum or an opportunity for us to launch new 
products, which can add value to the investors, we will do that. Otherwise I think our focus 
will be only on the open and existing schemes. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir one follow up on the second answer. You mentioned 40% of SIP are coming in through 
the digital or fintech platform. Could you shed some colour on the quality of customers in 
terms of retention or tenure or in terms of redemption for the SIP or from geography. On 
each perspective, if you could shed some colour on that particular portion of the SIP 
business that is coming in. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I think it will be very difficult to give these kind of details. But we continue evolving. We 
continue to evaluate. Whether it is coming from an offline channel, even if coming from 
distributors, IFAs or whether banking or fintech, we continue to evaluate the stickiness of 
the asset. Which distributors, which channel we will promote more and, again from a 
geography point of view, it will be very difficult to pinpoint how a particular pocket, 
whether geographically or channel wise, works. Our endeavour is, as we mentioned earlier, 
that the sticky asset is 50%. As I mentioned in my opening address also today, if you look at 
the stickiness of the SIPs that we have today, 53% SIP AUMs are there for more than five 
years. That is our focus and we are using a lot of artificial intelligence and business 
analytics to continue both to upsell as well as to continue to increase the longevity of the 
SIPs. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Thanks for the answers and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Picha from Multi Act. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Picha: 
Yes thanks for the opportunity. Sir just wanted a couple of data points. What is your current 
blended yield on your equity book and what is the yield on the new flows that you are 
getting. 
Prateek Jain: 
So, we do not give product wise yields and what was your second question? 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   October 19, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Rahul Picha: 
Second question was I wanted the yield on the new flows. But if you cannot give specific 
yields, even if you can give out the differential between your current book and the new, that 
will also be fine. 
Prateek Jain: 
On the old assets, the average distribution commission paid out will be in the range of 50 to 
60 basis points and, on the new money, which we are receiving post the change in the 
regulation, we share almost 55% to 70%, on an average, of our TERs with various 
distributors in different categories. 
Rahul Picha: 
And this 55% to 70%, in terms of basis points, how much would that be? 
Prateek Jain: 
Each different scheme has a different TER. So nowadays, from a SEBI perspective, there is 
a calculation of TER. Post that, we remove the scheme related expenses to arrive at 
distributable TER. Of the distributable TER, we share this money. 
Rahul Picha: 
Okay fine. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. On behalf of InCred Equities that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
