  
 
5paisa Capital Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: L67190MH2007PLC289249 
Corporate Office / Regd. Office: 5paisa Capital Limited, Sun Infotech Park, Road No. 16V, Plot No. B-23, Wagle Estate, Thane Industrial 
Area, Thane – 400604. Tel:+91 22 41035000 
• E-mail: csteam@5paisa.com • Website: www.5paisa.com  
October 28, 2022 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Tel No.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/22723121/22722037/ 
BSE Scrip Code: 540776 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5 Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400 051 
Tel No.: 2659 8235 Fax No.: 26598237 
NSE Symbol: 5PAISA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone 
and Consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022: 
 
In continuation of our letter dated October 17, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of 
Earnings Call held on Thursday, October 20, 2022 for discussing financial and operational 
performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022 has 
been 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://storage.googleapis.com/5paisa-prod-storage/files/investor_relations/2022-
10/5paisa%20Capital%20Ltd%20Q2FY23%20Earnings%20call%20Transcript%20%282%29.pd
f  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
 
 
Namita Godbole 
Company Secretary 
Email ID: csteam@5paisa.com 
NAMITA 
AMOD 
GODBOLE
Digitally signed by 
NAMITA AMOD 
GODBOLE 
Date: 2022.10.28 
10:07:55 +05'30'

Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
- 1 -
5Paisa Capital Limited 
Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Event Date / Time :  20/10/2022, 14:00 Hrs.                       
Event Duration      :   25 mins 13 secs 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 Mr. Prakash Gagdani 
 CEO and Whole Time Director of 5Paisa Capital Limited 
 Mr. Gourav Munjal 
 Chief Financial Officer of 5Paisa Capital Limited 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 2 - 
 
 
Moderator  
 
Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2 FY23 earnings 
conference call. We have with us today the management on the call. As a reminder, all 
participants will be in listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions, 
after the presentation concludes, should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing * and 0 on your touch tone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to the management. Thank 
you and over to you.  
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
Thank you. Very good afternoon, everyone. Myself, Prakash Gagdani, I'm the CEO and Whole-
Time Director of 5Paisa Capital Limited. I welcome you all for the Q2 FY23 investor call along 
with my colleague, our CFO, Mr. Gourav Munjal. Friends, Q2 FY23 has been a milestone quarter 
for our industry. This quarter, we have hit 100 million Demat accounts as a country. I feel this is 
a very important and a solid start and it is a matter of time, investment in capital markets will be a 
preferred investment destination for every household in the country. For 5Paisa Capital Limited 
also, it has been a milestone quarter, as we've not just crossed 3 million customer mark, but also 
achieved our highest quarterly profit.  
 
Speaking of business, one of our focus was always to improve the quality of our customer 
acquisition, along with reduction of customer acquisition costs i.e. CAC. We are happy to say that 
we have succeeded in this and our CAC which was around Rs.895 for last quarter has now come 
down to Rs.574 which is a 36% improvement as compared to the previous quarter. Our efforts in 
identifying the right source mix, improving entire onboarding journey, improving the Do-It-Yourself 
customer journey along with straight through processing cases has helped us reduce all these 
costs which are associated with account opening.  
 
We continue our effort on the same, but we now feel that our cost of acquisition will stabilize and 
be in the range of around Rs.500 to Rs.600 in the coming quarters. Further, in Q2FY23, our 
broking income improved by 3% Q-o-Q. However, our total income was down by around 4.5% Q-
o-Q. The drop was majorly due to the reduction in our margin funding book, which was directly 
associated with the overall market sentiment in the first half of the quarter. Our overall turnover 
has gone up to Rs.1.69 trillion, our ADTO, which is a 25% growth Q-o-Q. We've not just seen 
improvement in our ADTO, but also in market share of derivative segments. Along with our broking 
business our cross-sell business has also seen improvement. We have seen in our subscription 
product; the user base has grown by 6% Q-o-Q. Our mutual fund AUM improved by around 14% 
Q-o-Q.  
 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 3 - 
 
 
Our mutual fund SIP improved by 71% Q-o-Q. With all our efforts focused on revenue, improving 
cost efficiency and product development, we have succeeded in achieving the highest quarterly 
profit of Rs. 10.75 crore, which is 45% growth Q-o-Q and 672% growth Y-o-Y. Talking about our 
product, we focused a lot on enhancing features in our mobile app and our web platform, which 
will benefit traders. I'm delighted to share that we have launched a dedicated trading terminal for 
our derivative traders, we call it as FNO360. This platform is built with the philosophy of providing 
the data and tools which shall help derivative traders with better decision making for their day-to-
day trading.  
 
Investors will also be able to trade user order, positions on the same platform. There are various 
features in this platform that we've launched, which will benefit derivative traders. In addition to 
that, many new features like Margin Plus to the product, One-tap rollover, Quick reverse all these 
features were launched in this quarter. This has helped to improve our mobile app rating from 4.2 
to 4.3. Lastly, we will improve our journey on improving our product, our efforts on reduction in 
cost, and, at the end, improve the entire trading experience for our customers. We are confident 
that this all will help us to accelerate our revenue and profitability in coming quarters. I open the 
call for questions. I'll be more than happy to address them.  
 
Moderator  
   
Sure, sir, thank you. The first question comes from Deepak from Haitong Securities, please go 
ahead. 
 
Deepak   
 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my question is regarding the impact of the recent regulation on 
funds, we are paying back to the customers on first Friday of every month or quarter. So, what 
has been the impact of this on your margin book and second, on your online income. 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
Quarterly payout was always there, because they were doing it on a rolling basis for customers, 
so that has not changed. What has changed this time is that on one particular day, you know, the 
funds are paid out. Now typically if you see the funds which have gone out on 7th of October, 
partly by people who are actively trading. So, the amount of said funds are already back where 
customers are trading, and I don't see a very material impact of that on our revenue.  
 
So as far as the margin funding book is concerned, obviously that is not impacted, because those 
are the customers who are already into debit and are using our funding facility. So, there was no 
impact on that side of the business. So overall, on the business front, I don't see there's an impact. 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 4 - 
 
 
Operationally, the process was absolutely smooth. And we could complete the entire exercise in 
the given time by the regulator. 
 
Deepak   
 
Just a follow up on this. So, post 7th October, let's say how much percent of your money, I mean, 
that has been paid out to customers have been recovered till date or else in the next four or five 
days. Any, percentage you can give? 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
I'm sorry, but it would be difficult for me to share that information. But I can say that good amount 
of that money has come back. 
 
Deepak   
 
Okay. And my second question is, regarding your cost of acquisition, we have recorded a very 
excellent, I mean, very sharp degrowth in cost of acquisition, but it's mainly because of the cut in 
marketing and business promotion. So, in terms of sourcing, have we changed any sourcing? I 
mean, can you give us a kind of sourcing mix, I mean, in a ballpark figure between referrals, your 
promotion, performance marketing and organic search, that will be really helpful. 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
What we've done is, as you rightly said, we've been working on improving our quality of acquisition 
and the mix of the acquisition, it will be difficult to actually give you a percentage for each of the 
source, but I can see that large part of our acquisition today, almost 65 to 70% of our acquisition, 
is organic and also through reference. So our objective was to improve the percentage going 
ahead, and most of our acquisition should come from organic or through the word of mouth. So, 
we are right now in the process of that, but broadly 65-70% of our acquisition today is either 
organic or through word-of-mouth referrals from our existing customers. 
 
Deepak   
 
Okay, thanks. Last question from my side. So, in terms of the accounting of subscription fee, how 
do we account it. I mean, do we defer it over the year and account it on a monthly or quarterly 
basis or else on upfront basis? 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 5 - 
 
 
Gourav Munjal- 
 
So we follow IND-AS in this regards which is revenue recognition. So, if that plan is a monthly 
basis, then we have it the same month, but if the plan is supposed for one year, then we defer 
that revenue for further 11 months, and it is based on the IND- AS, as prescribed by ICAI. 
 
Deepak   
But, on marketing side and in marketing, and business promotion expense, we account it as and 
when the client is acquired in the same month, right? 
 
Gourav Munjal  
Yes, there is no deferment in this when the client has been acquired the same has been booked 
in the same month. 
 
Deepak   
 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator  
 
Thank you. The next question comes from Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Thank you very much, sir, for the opportunity. So, I just want you to understand what would be 
our figure for active clients? I mean, gross clients figure I got in the presentation of 3.19 million, 
right? What would be the number for active clients? 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
So active clients, if you're talking about the customers who have traded in last one year, which is 
typically the one that industry says is somewhere in the range of 1.5 to 1.6 million.  
 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Okay. So that has been declining, right? I mean, towards FY22 that number was around 1.8. 
 
 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 6 - 
 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
Yes, typically, what happens is that if you look at the acquisition that we have done in the last two 
years, and the acquisition that we have been doing in last two to three years there's a difference 
in terms of numbers. So typically, what happens is when your acquisition run rate changes, that 
has an impact on the active customer over a period. And that is what we see as a decline. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Okay. So, is that the somewhere the reason, because of which our customer growth on the gross 
front is not translating into your revenue growth on a QoQ basis, right? Last two quarters, our 
revenue has been declining 5% a quarter.  
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
I don't think so. Because if you look at the revenues are largely to do with the overall market 
sentiments and the way market is doing. So. May, June, July, some part of August was anyways 
bad for the industry. Even if you look at the retail turn-over at an exchange level in cash segment. 
So that also fell down to almost Rs. 18,000-20,000 from Rs. 30,000-35,000 crore that we were 
doing some time back. So overall, it was more of market sentiment. Now, when again market 
started going up, we are seeing volumes coming back.  
 
So, more than acquisition, it was more of the market sentiment. If you look at our revenue, even 
despite all, the revenues, in terms of brokerage revenue has improved in this quarter. It was only 
that one of the markets, our average funding book reduced, and that is the reason there was an 
impact on revenue and it dropped by 4.5%. I don't see that as a reduction in the active client which 
would have an impact on our overall revenue. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Understood. Fair enough. And how do we see the growth in terms of on a Q-o-Q basis? 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
See it won't be right for me to give a forward-looking statement in terms of revenue, but obviously, 
looking at active customer that you see may not be a right barometer for performance, because 
what is important is how many of those customers are actually giving. So, that is where I'm pretty 
optimistic that the kind of quality of customers that we are acquiring, we should be in a position to 
improve our revenue as well as profitability. But of course, you know, we all understand that stock 
market is a cyclical business, and a large part of our revenue come from brokerage and brokerage 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 7 - 
 
 
is dependent on how the overall market function, so if we know the market or the NIFTY goes 
down by 10% -15%, retail activity tends to slow down and that's an impact on revenues. So in a 
cyclical kind of businesses, it's difficult to predict that how the quarters are going to be, but the 
kind of effort that we're taking and I'm confident that it will be in the right direction which will help 
us improve our revenues and profitability. 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
Yeah, sure, I understood that's it from my side, all the best. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question comes from Sumit Jankar, from Motilal Oswal, please go ahead. 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 
Thank you for providing me the opportunity. So, the ADTO has increased Q-o-Q. So, can you 
provide me the numbers for cash or market share, derivative market share and brokerage split 
between cash and derivatives, ratio of cash vs derivative. 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
The derivative market share is improved, now it is around 3.14%. Cash market has more or less 
been stable around 2.8%. So that's share part. Obviously, on the revenue side derivatives 
contribute, I won't have the exact number right now but, broadly I know that derivative contribution 
in this quarter as a part of total brokerage has gone up. I can share that number later with you. 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 
Okay, one more question. Customer acquisition cost has reduced in this quarter. Do you think 
that the payback period will also reduce, moving forward? 
 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
Yes, absolutely. The whole objective of reducing the cost is to improve the payback period. One 
is in range around 8 to 10 months’ kind of a payback period we're looking at-- we are definitely 
looking at an improvement by two to three month, where we were earlier. 
 
 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 8 - 
 
 
Sumit Jankar   
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, we have a question from Karthikeyan Vk, from Suyash 
advisors, please go ahead. 
 
Karthikeyan VK   
 
Sir, good afternoon. last quarter when we spoke, you talked about acquiring higher quality 
customers, and that led to an increase in cost this quarter, there's been an impressive reduction 
in the acquisition cost. Should we assume that these numbers will sustain? Or would you change, 
has there been a change in the way you acquire your customers? How should one think about 
that on a sequential basis? 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
  
So, the last quarter we were always in the range of around 760 -770 rupees acquisition cost. Last 
quarter there was an increase because of certain changes that we were doing but we had said 
that we will reduce it, which we have done. As I also said in my opening remark that it will fairly 
be in this range. Now from here on, we don't see much reduction in the cost, but we will be in the 
range of around 500-600 rupees acquisition cost. So that objective of reducing the cost more or 
less is now achieved. 
 
Karthikeyan VK   
 
Okay, and the run rate that you have in terms of new customer addition, should that be 
maintained, or do you believe that this approach will give you a higher number, some thoughts on 
that as well. 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
  
So, you know it is difficult to comment on the exact acquisition number, but our plan is to spend 
on improving our brand and also organic and word of mouth, which are typically the sources of 
acquisition where you can get a higher number at the same and also get the quality. So, our 
objective would always be to improve our acquisition Q-o-Q, but not at the cost of sacrificing some 
quality. So, till the time we are able to the maintain that CAC that is a payback that we're looking 
forward, we will definitely be interested in acquiring more customers and I see that it will happen 
where the acquisition also improve at the same time quality will improve. 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 9 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Karthikeyan VK   
 
Interesting, one last thing, you know, you talked about some tech investments that was you know, 
expensed and therefore, from this quarter onwards due to that, there has to be a reduction in that 
and therefore that will also lead to an improvement in profitability. How much of that is the number 
sir? 
 
Prakash Gagdani    
 
So, I had said last time that all the tech investment that we were doing in Q3 and Q4 is now almost 
done. So, now it is more of a steady state. So, whatever that improvement was had come in last 
quarter now our tech cost is more or less stable. So you won't see much of an increase in the cost 
that was the point. But this quarter it is the same as here. 
 
Karthikeyan VK   
 
Sir, so in terms of your opex, what we see now is a reasonable reflection of the run rate, plus 
inflation, of course? 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
Yes. 
 
Kartik K   
 
Thank you so much.  
 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from Deepak from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak   
 
Thank you for the follow up. Sir my question regarding subscription plan, what is the contribution 
of the subscription fee that we generated in Q2 to total operating revenue? 
 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 10 - 
 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
Subscription income is approximately Rs.4.8 crore rupees, which covers in cross-sell. 
 
Deepak   
 
And for H1? 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
So, approximately Rs.10-15 lakh growth is there. But otherwise, it is in the same range. So, for 
the H1 you can say that it's Rs. 9.5 crore. 
 
Deepak   
 
Rs.9.5 crore. And out of our total plan what is the percentage of plans who are under subscription 
plan. 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
See subscription plan typically are taken by traders because that's where they get the real benefit 
of this plan. So broadly around, you know, around 38000 to 40,000 customers take our 
subscription plans. 
 
Deepak   
 
Okay. And last question on this, of the total operating revenue for let's say for H1, what will be the 
contribution of the subscription customers? Any ballpark figure If you have. 
 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
So, as Gourav mentioned, we are in the range of around Rs. 9.5- Rs.10 crore kind of revenue for 
H1. And the total revenue is around Rs.164 crores so that broadly 7 percent, that's the 
contribution. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript - 5Paisa Capital Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
 
- 11 - 
 
 
Deepak   
 
So, that that was a subscription fee. I mean, what I'm going to ask is this 40,000 customers, how 
much contribution from these customers is towards your brokering revenue? 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
I won't have that information right now. 
 
Deepak   
 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you all, that will be the last question for the day. Now I hand over the floor to the 
management for closing comments. 
 
Prakash Gagdani   
 
Thank you very much, everyone for joining the call. I hope we were able to answer your questions 
if there are any questions that you have, you can write it to us at ir@5paisa.com and we will be 
more than happy to answer your questions. Thank you very much and wishing you and your family 
a very happy Diwali and prosperous new year in advance. Hope you all have a great Diwali and 
great New Year, thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the conference for today thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service, you may disconnect your lines 
now thank you and have a pleasant evening. 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________ 
                          Note:          1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
                                             2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
 
