 
28.10.2022 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543318 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: CLEAN
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Subject: Transcript of conference call on the Company’s Q2 FY22-23 Earnings. 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
Further to our letter dated 18.10.2022 and in terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III - Part A to the 
Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of conference call on the Company’s Q2 
FY22-23 Earnings held on 20th October, 2022.  
 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
For Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Mahesh Kulkarni 
Company Secretary 
 
 
MAHESH 
ARVIND 
KULKARNI
Digitally signed 
by MAHESH 
ARVIND 
KULKARNI 
Date: 2022.10.28 
15:55:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Clean Science and Technology Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
                        
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIDDHARTH SIKCHI – PROMOTER AND 
 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – CLEAN SCIENCE AND 
 
TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. PRATIK BORA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CLEAN SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL – AXIS CAPITAL 
 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Clean Science and Technology Limited 
Q2 FY '23 Results Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal 
from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Periwal. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Tanvi. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Clean Science and 
Technology Limited Q2 and H1 FY '23 post results earnings call. The call will be initiated with 
a brief management discussion on the quarterly performance, followed by an interactive Q&A 
session. Management team will be represented by Mr. Siddharth Sikchi, Promoter and Executive 
Director, and Mr. Pratik Bora, Chief Financial Officer. Over to you, Siddharth, for your initial 
comments. 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Thanks, Ankur. Thanks a lot. So good evening, everyone, and thank you for taking time out to 
understand our results. I am very happy to inform you all that on September 26, we have 
conducted Bhumi Pujan for our new 34-acre land parcel, which will be housed in our subsidiary, 
Clean Fino-Chem Limited. With around 300 people already working at this site, the construction 
activity has started fully and hopefully we'll commercialize the first phase of plants by December 
'23. For this first phase, we are anticipating an investment of about INR 300-odd crores, which 
will be all made through internal accruals. Also, we had earlier communicated that our facilities 
for HALS 701 and 770 in Unit 3 will begin in half H2 FY '23. And I'm happy to share that all 
facilities are near to completion, and we expect to start commercial production by November 
end. So about a month's time from now.  
Let me give you a little financial highlights. Our revenue growth has continued as all our 
geographies and segments reported healthy growth. Revenues from Q2 FY '23 was INR 248 
crores, which is an increase of 62% as compared to Q2 FY '22. Exports revenue grew 63%, and 
domestic revenues grew 57% on a Y-o-Y basis. Revenues mix was 75% export and 25% 
domestic, as it always had been. The key raw materials, energy and fuel costs continue to remain 
volatile and a mixed bag because of prices of some of the raw materials are still marginally 
reduced, while prices of some are still at peak. 
Input prices are still higher compared to last year. Despite of that, our EBITDA increased to INR 
98 crores as against INR 69 crores as an increase of 42% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our margins were 
impacted largely due to continued inflationary pressures across raw material power and fuel cost. 
The profit before tax is at INR 92 crores and PAT at INR 68 crores, which grew by 29% and 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
28%, respectively, as compared to Q2 FY '22. Balance sheet, of course, continues to be debt-
free with a cash balance of about INR 235-odd crores. 
Our capacity utilization has improved due to which our net fixed asset turnover reached 
approximately 3x compared to 2.3x in March '22. So this has resulted in improved return ratios, 
particularly ROCEs. For H1 FY '23 versus H1 FY '22, sales improvement was led by a 
combination of good volume growth and improved realizations across all segments. For H1 FY 
'23, performance chemicals, pharma, agro and FMCG chemicals contributed 67%, 20% and 
11%, respectively, to revenues. 
On CapEx, we have incurred a CapEx of INR 62 crores during H1 FY '23 with majority of this 
going towards our new plant for HALS in Unit 3. We have made further investment in our 
subsidiary Clean Fino-Chem of about INR 65 crores during H1 FY '23.  
ESG is one of the most prominent factors of this company. And we, as a company, are fully 
committed to sustainability and continuously implement several initiatives across the 
organization. In line with our commitment, we have purchased additional land for setting up an 
open access solar power plant of 5-megawatt capacity. It is expected to be operational by end of 
this fiscal. Currently, approximately 55% of our electrical energy consumption is from 
renewable sources. We strongly follow the 3R process: Reduce, recycle, reuse. We are 
continuously upgrading our facilities and investing in various technologies across our 
manufacturing units that are energy-efficient and helping resource recycling. 
Our initiatives on constantly optimizing plant processes has helped us significantly reduce water 
consumption and emissions. Under CSR, our core focus areas still remain as education, 
environment, sustainability and health care. Our initiatives have significantly benefited and 
uplifted the surrounding communities. 
Our basic outlook, macro concerns like geopolitical tensions, elevated power and fuel prices still 
continue to remain as a short-term challenge. But with our new sites, new series of products, 
strong R&D pipeline, we will continue to focus on diversifying our product portfolio and 
geographical presence while simultaneously improving yields and operational efficiencies. 
Thank you so much from my side, and we can open now for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin for the question-and-answer-session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, 
may press * and 1 on your touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question 
queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets, while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. To ask a 
question you may enter star and one The first question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
A couple from my side, a couple of them. First, on the HALS series. Now that we are very close 
to start the commercial production, can you help us understand what is the competitive advantage 
that we have built in this business like we have in MEHQ in terms of innovative production 
process. We are fully backward integrated. Similarly, can you help us understand what is the 
winning mantra for us in HALS series? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Absolutely. So Sanjesh, thank you so much for your question. The first is, so we are, like MEHQ 
and Guaiacol, we are fully backward integrated in the manufacturing of HALS. We will be one 
of the very few companies which will be starting from the basic raw materials, which is acetone 
and ammonia. 
All the catalyst which is needed for these processes will be developed totally in-house and this 
unit 3 will be the first time when this series will be introduced in India. One of the very big 
advantages of course, with dollar inching towards 83 types, this HALS 770 is majorly imported 
into India, majorly, the players are BASF, Suqian in China, SI Group in Europe and with the 
dollar becoming INR 83, it will be more attractive for buyers within India to buy from us. And 
of course, for buyers who are importing these products have to pay an additional 8% custom 
duty which, in our case, will also be an additional advantage to us. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Siddharth, I got the process point, but I don't think I agree with you on currency because if it is 
coming from China, China has depreciated, Yuan has depreciated more than India. That way, I 
don't think we have that advantage. You may revisit at that. But that's my limited point on that. 
But I got your point that we are fully backward integrated, plus we are having a unique -- is this 
process unique for us, like what we do in MEHQ and Guaiacol? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
No. So see, typically, the HALS series is derived out of two main raw materials, which are called 
Triacetonamine and Tetramethyl Piperidinol. These two raw materials have to be made from 
acetone and ammonia. So basically, there's a triphasic reaction where we have developed a very 
unique process and a catalyst which is very unique. 
Our yields and efficiencies are quite competent. But of course, I would not understand what 
Chinese or BASF has at the moment, but looking at the prices, I think our process and yields are 
quite unique. And of course, as and when the plant commercializes and as and when we move 
on, there will be further optimization of our process like we have done with MEHQ and 
Guaiacol. Sanjesh, as you already know, that MEHQ and Guaiacol also was not a day one highly 
profitable product. You cannot start with a 50% margin product at any given point of time. These 
margins buildup happen over the period of time. 
However, in MEHQ and Guaiacol, we were late because we started the production of raw 
material like Anisole later on, and then we started getting into forward and backward integration. 
But in HALS, because of our understanding, we are starting with the key raw materials, with 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
acetone and ammonia day one. And you should also understand that nobody in India has been 
able to ever been successful in this chemistry, and we were the first ones to get into this zone. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Fantastic. I think I'm more than clear on this. Great, Siddharth. Second, on the margin side, I 
thought raw material prices have corrected quite a bit and that is still not reflecting in our margin. 
Is that we were carrying inventory, there were some inventory losses. Is there anything unusual 
here that we should see in the margin because we are still at 39% margin. 
When you started, it was upwards of 50%. One, I understand that there is an increase in the top 
line because of the inflation. So that optically reduces the margins. Can you help us understand, 
on a like-to-like basis, how far are we from the previous high margins? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
See, now what happens is, Sanjesh, is that of course, if you compare the COVID year, see that 
was one of the very unique years, which we should not really take into consideration because 
those were the times when phenol was 1/4th or 1/3rd of what it is today. Phenol is still at about 
INR 100, INR 110, which otherwise phenol, on a regular basis, is about a INR 70 to INR 80 kilo 
product. However, during COVID times, phenol has fallen to as low as INR 40 as much contracts 
were continuing even in COVID year. 
So that COVID year is a very unusual year, which we should not really take into consideration. 
However, what is also happening is as we are growing our new lines, as we are expanding our -
- foraying into newer products, so there is not super margins to begin within these products like 
TBHQ, para benzoquinone. So in this case or in this product, like DCC also, we have to be 
aligned to our customers, giving them service and giving them the most competitive price for us 
to first enter into these businesses. 
And that is why if you see our asset turn has now started improving because all these facilities 
are now started production, and now we are reaching these scales. And I mean still, we are at a 
very low level, but I think in the next two years, we are really hoping that these numbers should 
also improve. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So for now because we are starting new facilities, there is new product launches. The margins 
should stabilize at this level or you expect some more correction before you start moving up 
again. 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
So see, the margins, now once we start HALS, we are now a growing company. If you really 
look at our ROCEs, what we are now assuring is that our ROCEs will be upward of 50%. If you 
see at these current H2 numbers, our ROCE is at about 54-odd percent. So this will continue, 
new plants will come up, which will give lower margins. There will be old plants, which will 
run at optimum capacities. So this is a mix. And in a growing organization, this will always 
happen because we want to keep growing. Now if we grew at about 64% or 62% on a year-on-

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
year basis. So we are going to come up with new facilities, see, there will be new complexities. 
I'm not saying that Chinese are going to just be there. I'm sure they would also play around. They 
might want to reduce prices. And we have to deal with it. And that is how the competition is 
going to play around. Nobody is going to just give me very easily. But we have to compete only 
on technology, which we are very focused about on a longer-term perspective. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. I have two more questions, if you allow me. Yes. One is on China. We saw last quarter, 
it was one of those of lockdown, but I think that lockdown is still around. Is it cautious choice 
of diversifying more and limiting the sales there or you do see that bottleneck has really gone 
off and we are still willing to completely normalize the sales in China? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Sorry. I have not understood your question. Can you please repeat? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
China segment, we used 40% earlier, right? 40% of our exports is to be China. 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Absolutely. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Now it is 32%, right? And last quarter you made a comment, it came to 32% because of the 
lockdown and the various other impacts. 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Right. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Even in this quarter, I think we are at the same level, right? 32%. It has not shown improvement 
while China has come out of the lockdown. My question is, it is a cautious choice by the 
company to see that we diversify more into a non-Chinese market or China market has still not 
normalized. So what's happening on the China side? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Two things. I mean now what is happening is that newer products which are coming, which are 
not currently being exported to China. Now when this HALS series come up, it will be 
predominantly Indian business to begin with. So what will happen, this 32%, maybe in the next 
two, three quarters, will further reduce. And that will... 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. It's a mix change which is impacting the geographical mix, and this will only be in favor 
of more India now going onwards? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
I mean this HALS 770 is very Indian-focused. But when our subsidiary starts, again, we will 
have a very big export opportunity. So this switch will keep happening. But yes, now the 
concentration, what it used to happen is, again people used to look at us as a very 2-product or 
a 3-product company, with this is HALS coming in. It is going to open up a variety of 
chemistries, a variety of markets, variety of segments which we'll be entering. We are kind of 
de risking ourselves from our flagship products. 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. One last question. Now I'm taking from what you said in the previous answer. What is 
this INR 300 crores aligned to? I mean, what other products are we planning up in this 
subsidiary? Will it have MEHQ, Guaiacol or it will be a completely new set of products? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
All new. See, Clean Fino-Chem Ltd., because it's a new facility, it's a 34-acre facility. First INR 
100-odd crores is only going into building, common facilities like a utility block, an admin block, 
QC block and R&D block and an ETP facility, overall landscaping. The next INR 200 crore is 
all going into building these HALS facilities. Now what happens is after this HALS, when we 
are coming up with a new product, then the expense or the CapEx is only going into building 
that particular plant, which will be far lower than doing the entire facility again. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. And that entire INR 200 crores will be HALS? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
HALS is a series. So the number, see 770 will further expand 770, 622, 944, 119, 2020 and 
blends. So this will have the entire series of the product. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, because we haven't launched the product while we are already planning a very big 
expansion. Are we very confident of having HALS a very successful portfolio for us? Will that 
be a right assumption? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
The business sir, if I have to take chances, right. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, I completely agree. Its calculated risk, right. I know you would know, you would have talked 
to certain customers, you would have sent samples, you would have done checks before taking 
such a big decision, right? So I just wanted to understand what is giving you this confidence? 
I'm not doubting it. I'm not doubting it. I completely agree that entrepreneur has to take up the 
risk. I'm talking -- you have taken a calculated risk. What is giving you that confidence? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
See, number one is 770 and 701, these two products will start in November. Our next facilities 
are really going to start after a year. So this one year we are going to learn a lot about this 
business. We are going to understand the nuances of this business which we can incorporate 
going forward.  
And the advantage -- in this is if you just make one product like 770, our overall big distributor 
or a big customer is not really keen to look at you because he's buying seven products more from 
BASF or Chinese or whoever. If you have the entire basket, you become more interesting as a 
strategic player. So series is the best thing to do and also these chemistries are very complicated. 
So because we have mastered this chemistry, it's good to get into this, and we can get the first-
mover advantage being located in India. People are all talking about China plus one. And if the 
Europe energy crisis continue, we are in a very beautiful, sweet spot. So I don't want to lose out 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
on waiting for two years and see how the market pans out. And the best part is it is all from 
internal accrual. We can take a little bit more risk compared to leveraging our balance sheet. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So continuing with HALS, how power-intensive are these products? Or does it vary from a 
different product within the HALS series? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
See, HALS series already, there are products which are two steps, there are more which are 
seven steps. The more the number of steps, the more is the power and energy utilizing each step. 
So a product like 944 or a 200 will be far more power intensive compared to a 770. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Fair enough. And will it be fair to presume that higher the number of steps, higher the complexity 
and higher the margins on that product? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
And higher the margins, of course. So like if a smaller 770 is about $7, and 2020 is $20 to $22. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. Now the relevant question and where I was coming from was, now given the energy crisis 
in Europe and where BASF is the largest, probably the most of the manufacturing of HALS is 
also done there, does it also open up a big market for you even from a price competitiveness 
perspective? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Absolutely. I mean, secondly, as I mentioned, the dollar also turning INR 83, INR 84, plus the 
biggest thing what happened is even see these master batches, for instance, these customers are 
also -- some are small, some are large. With us being in India, people can now have just in time. 
Whereas when compared to Europe or China, where they have to maintain stocks beforehand 
because of the complexity of the geopolitical tension and the sea freight which was also a very 
big issue. So this will give us a very big advantage because we are very strategically located. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. But the initial ramp-up of 770 and other products will be India-focused. And then probably 
with the new capacity coming in, let's say, 12 months out, the focus will be probably equally in 
India as well as abroad. Is that a fair assumption? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Yes, absolutely. Some of the products are very big in Europe and North America. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And the distribution network to reach all these clients will be similar to what we are or 
work has already been in progress for abroad? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Work is already in progress. Some would be new, some would be old. So it all depends on how 
interested they are. And once we launch this, then it will give a lot of confidence also to 
distributors to -- because when you're only talking that product will come after two years, the 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
interest is very low. When you tell them okay, one has come, few are coming along the line, that 
gives them a lot of interest. 
Ankur Periwal: 
On the demand outlook side, given the slowdown that you are seeing in Europe and probably 
even China. How are things on the ground across our existing as well as maybe HALS as a 
product range? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
I think Q3 would be a little soft...  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you. Sir, we have lost. Sorry, sir. You'll have to repeat the answer because we 
lost your audio in between. 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Okay. See Q3 is always a little softer because everybody in US, Europe, China, they are 
managing their inventory. So all the orders become slow, plus the holiday seasons in this 
country. So the demand again rises up in Q4. So this is a very general trend we have seen over 
the past several years. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. Fair enough. Another question on the competitive intensity. I recollect you again 
mentioning that you have not been as aggressive in terms of passing to the RM inflation and try 
to focus more on the market share gains. How will be the pricing gap now? And have we taken 
any pricing increase now? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
See, now the new contracts will start happening in the month of November, a little bit in October, 
some in November. And now what is happening is people are also getting cautious because the 
prices of raw material everybody sees will come down. Freight prices have come down already. 
So everybody is a little cautious of booking the next year. So we are also trying to see how all 
this is going to happen, plus the currency movement has happened dramatically over the past 
four to six weeks' time. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So, when the industry will be moving more towards shorter-term contracts rather than longer 
term given the volatility? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
I don't know that. Some will be still a longer-term contract but today, what I have seen the flavor 
is people are looking at a half yearly contract and what has happened is over the past two years, 
people feel that it is better to do half yearly or quarterly rather than the complete annual contract. 
Some are still doing contracts on annual, but there is still a discussion going around it. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. Fair enough. And just last one, if I may, on the margin front here. So, the Q-on-Q 
improvement that we are seeing in the gross margin, is it largely a function of revenue mix here 
or some bit of pricing benefit? 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
So it is mix of both. I will let Pratik answer this on minor detail. 
Pratik Bora: 
Yes. So Ankur, there are three factors playing here. First is a product mix. Second is also the 
realizations have improved across four flagship products, which is MEHQ, Guaiacol, BHA and 
4-MAP. And third is of course, we have also got benefited from the softer raw material prices. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. Sure enough. And given the pricing trend being downward, probably this number should 
be a basis going ahead? 
Pratik Bora: 
It depends on the product mix also. As we mentioned that Q3, we are also launching a couple of 
new products, so what percentage of revenues they form that will also have a bearing on the 
margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants if you wish to ask questions, please enter star and one. The next question 
is from the line of Sher Shah from Capital BMS. Please go ahead. 
Sher Shah: 
Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. I just wanted to know that how do we first, 
when we are looking for a product or a new chemistry, what is the process that the team generally 
follows? Do we look at the industry and maybe the export/input data and customer requirement? 
Like, what are the factors that help you decide on a particular chemistry or a particular product? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
So this is a very generalized question, and the answer is it really depends on chemistry. It 
depends on market situation. It depends on import, statistics and a variety of factors where we 
decide what products we have to work on. 
Sher Shah: 
Okay. And so for that, then apart from HALS, can you tell us that what are the some other 
chemistries or not obviously products but what are some chemistries that we are looking at or 
maybe there… 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
We are looking at interesting agro intermediates and also expanding our performance chemical 
base. 
Sher Shah: 
Okay. So when you say agri intermediaries, is it because there is a lot of China plus 1 and Europe 
plus 1 playing out that is helping us at the income traction? Is that why one of the reasons that 
we are focusing on that particular segment? Or is it that we see good void that we can fill up 
because of..  
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Any Europe plus 1 strategy, I don't understand Europe plus 1 strategy but what I'm looking at is 
these are some of the molecules, which would drive growth on a longer-term sustainable basis. 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Sher Shah: 
Okay. And this is basically because most of our capacities are fungible is why, what helps us 
attain the sustainability in this molecule? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
No, we don't have any fungible capacities. We are generally, we like to have dedicated plants 
for dedicated products and that is how the phenomena will be going forward as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants if you wish to ask questions, please enter star and one. The next question 
is from the line of Samir Gilani, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Samir Gilani: 
Hi, Siddharth! Siddharth, my question is more to do on your comments last time you made on 
PBQ. You had mentioned we were at 30 tonnes, 40 tonnes a month, where on that product, if 
you could maybe give us some indication there? And is it fair to assume that over the course of 
time, we would probably be able to serve the entire import of this product for India? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
So we have expanded the capacity. We've doubled the capacities to about 70 tonnes to 80 tonnes 
a month and I think Indian demand is closer to 70 tonnes to 80 tonnes a month, but of course, 
the switch does not happen easily. People still want to keep Chinese as a second source. So that 
switch and that confidence for these customers will take over the period of time, so as and when 
the confidence starts building, as and when the customer gets more and more confident about 
our supply position, that is the time when we will see 70% of the switch happening to us. It will 
never be 100% switch. Because no purchaser likes to depend on any company on a 100% basis. 
Samir Gilani 
Yes. Fair enough. But is it fair to assume that we will be able to charge close to $30 on that 
product even as we scale up? Or we are going to get a lower product price for that? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
See, PBQ is a product which is dependent on raw material prices. Now these raw material prices 
have come down. So the PBQ prices will also come down. So the prices which were at about 
$30 today is about $16, and we are following the market trend. 
Samir Gilani: 
Fair. Is it fair to assume, Siddharth, that once PBQ scales up, I mean now, let's say, when the 
customers take the offtake, we should probably clock INR 100 crores, INR 150 crores from this 
product? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Not, INR 150 crores, but approximately, now it is not a $30 product, if you assume it safely $15 
into 70 tonnes, whatever that number is, would be the safe assumption on that product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Reminder to all the participants, if you wish to ask a question, please enter star and 
one on your phone now. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
For this INR 300 crores CapEx, what can be the typical asset turns? 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Typically, we are 2.7 to 3 is the asset turn. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. We have the next question from the line of Sujit Lodha from Birla Sun 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Sujit Lodha: 
Sir, just one question regarding this new facility where you've done a bhoomi poojan, which has 
been recently started work. What proportion of the land will be used for this HALS capacity? 
The CapEx you are expecting about INR 300 crores, what percentage of the land will be used 
for that? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
See, I think the overall facility can have about 11 plants, 12 plants, HALS will be about less than 
4 plants, 5 plants so we still have a lot of space for growth. 
Sujit Lodha: 
Okay. So roughly about 1/3rd of the land would be used for this? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Yes. You can easily assume that, but only advantage now is after we have done the initial 
groundwork, the next plant will come in less than nine months or 10 months' time frame. So the 
ramp-up will be far quicker for the new facilities or the new product side. 
Sujit Lodha: 
Is there a problem from my side? I'm not able to hear. 
Moderator:  
Yes, probably. You can call back from an alternate number because we were able to hear the 
management. Sure. In the meanwhile, we'll move to the next question from the line of Mukul 
Jain, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Jain: 
I'm sorry, if my question is very basic. The company has catalyst technology, and my worry is 
ensure the company would also be worried, what if these technologies leak outside? So basically, 
what precautions the management have taken to protect this technology? Who have access to 
this technology? Are there a scientist or the management or something inside if you would give 
on this? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Basically, these are very-very complicated technologies, building catalysts. We are fully 
backward integrated, forward integrated. The chemicals, some of the chemicals still come in 
coded form and it is customer acquisition. Some of the validation of each product sometimes 
take close to 3 years, 4 years. This is a very long-drawn process, and we have been able to reach 
here in 17 years. It's not very easy for somebody to just copy these technologies. 
Mukul Jain: 
Yes. Right, sir. But maybe others won't be able to copy, but somebody from inside might leak 
them, is it possible something like this? 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
There is anything possible, but the chances are quite remote because not one person is aware of 
entire portfolio of products. Like a person who is working in catalyst division would not know 
what is happening on plant scale. Or person using the catalyst does not know what is happening 
with the regeneration of catalyst. The person who is working on one of the line is not aware of 
how the raw material is being produced. So, there is a variety of things happening. So it is not 
easy for a set of people to just pass on these technologies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants if you wish to ask questions, please enter star and one. As there are no 
further questions, I would now like to hand the conference -- sorry, we do have two questions in 
the queue now. We have Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, first question is, as you mentioned that we have optimized the process for our flagship 
products over a period of time. So how much time do we expect to optimize our HALS series in 
terms of -- optimal level of margins over a two year period, three year period? Thank you. 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
So typically, how it happens is year one, where typically -- validation happen, customer has to 
understand and understand our product. So the first year is typically a little slower compared to 
the balance. The first year would be a 20% to 30% capacity utilization. I mean, in case of HALS, 
we are expecting a little bit more higher and then the ramp-up happens over the period of time. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. So maybe by second year end or early third year, we'll be able to have optimum 
utilization? And that time, the margins will reflect the correct picture? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Absolutely. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And second thing is for the -- your set of products. Normally, what is the benchmark that 
we are using? So is it like import substitute? Some kind of a return profile or a margin profile 
that we are looking at? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
We first look at very interesting chemistry. We want to be in segments where there are not too 
many people. So we like that space and of course, we are into a particular segment like a 
performance chemical or in intermediaries for pharma and agro. So we like to stick to this space 
and stick to chemistries, where we can make some impact and make some better margins than 
our competitors. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Krishanchandra Parwani: I have just one question about the HALS global tonnage. So, I remember, I think you told, I 
think, in the last call that 770, it's about a 2,000 tonne import in India. So, could you please help 
us with global tonnages of 701 and 770, if you have it handy? 

 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Typically, I think the import of 770 is close to 3,000 tonnes in India. That installed capacity is 
2,000 tonnes. So there is a big headroom and for us to supply only retail market. 
Krishanchandra Parwani: Okay. And the global tonnages, do you have it handy for that? 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
Globally, I think, I don't have handy, but I can tell you that these products are upwards of 12,000 
tonne to 13,000 tonne capacity. Overall HALS, as a segment, is a 1.2 billion market, and growing 
at about 7% to 8% each year. 
Krishanchandra Parwani: Yes. Understood. And I think one last follow-up, if I may. So on this 770, 701, who would be 
our customers domestically? I mean, just to understand the usage would be like, let's say... 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
770 would be companies like Plastiblends, Alok Industries who are into master batches. And for 
701, it would be customers who will be using it for, say, water treatment chemical like a GE or 
Suez chemicals. So these are some of the customers we would have and also, 701 has some 
pharma usage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Siddharth Sikchi: 
So, thank you so much for taking time out. And I would want to wish all our listeners a very-
very happy Diwali and a safe Diwali. And thank you so much from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
