 
 
 
Date: October 28, 2022 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code:  543333 
To, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: CARTRADE 
ISIN: INE290S01011 
 
Ref:   Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015  
  
Sub: Transcript of the CarTrade Tech Limited Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on 
Friday, October 21, 2022  
  
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
With  reference  to  our  letter  dated  October 18, 2022 intimating  you  about  the  Analyst / Investor 
Call  with Analysts/Investors, please find enclosed the transcript of the CarTrade Tech Limited 
Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, October 21, 2022.  
  
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company: www.cartradetech.com.   
  
  
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
for CarTrade Tech Limited 
 
 
 
______________________________________ 
Lalbahadur Pal 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
Mem. No. A40812  
 
Enclose: a/a 
PAL LAL 
BAHADUR 
DEEPNARAYAN
Digitally signed by 
PAL LAL 
BAHADUR 
DEEPNARAYAN

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“CarTrade Tech Limited 
Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 21st October 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
                                                                            
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VINAY SANGHI - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
 
                                             ANEESHA MENON – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CFO                                             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                              

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
CarTrade Tech Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the belief, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note, that this conference 
is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Sanghi, Chairman and Managing Director, 
CarTrade Tech Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody and I like to welcome you all to this Q2 call. We have 
you know, uploaded a presentation for each one of you and if you can go to straight away Slide 
number 3 of the presentation. I have great news, informing you we've grown revenues by about 
30% in H1; adjusted EBITDA grew by 47% in the first half of the year as well. And of course, 
the adjusted PAT which is Profit After Tax not including deferred tax and ESOP by about 
80%. We continue to be the number one two-wheeler automobile portal in India. We are now 
190 plus physical locations including automalls and abSure outlets. Annualized auction rate, 
we did over 300,000 in Q3, which takes us to 1.2 million auction listings per year.  
 
Last quarter, we recorded 37 million unique visitors on our platforms, which is our highest 
traffic, consumer traffic in a quarter. What is more remarkable is, 86.6% of them still come 
organically, which means we don't pay for that traffic. The revenues in H1 was INR195.3 
crores or $1.9 billion. Adjusted EBITDA for H1 was INR485 million or INR48.5 crore, and 
adjusted PAT was about almost INR28 crores for H1. We continue to have strong cash 
balance, debts, being debt free with almost over INR1000 crores as investable surplus.  
 
If you go to Slide 4, it breaks down the consolidated financials of the company. Our net 
revenue for the quarter was INR102.5 crores, which was up from INR90 crores in the previous 
quarter and up from INR86 crores the previous year, same quarter, which gives a 19% growth 
in the quarter and a 31% for the six-month ending 30th September 2022. We achieved 
approximately INR195 crores as below, written below in the financials and INR192 crores is 
the operating net revenue, which is 31% growth in H1. 
 
As we discussed in the last call, our costs do not move in relation to our revenue. So, even 
though the revenues have gone from INR90 crores in the previous quarter to INR102 crores 
this quarter, our costs have more or less remained flat Q-o-Q and it resulted in EBITDA going 
from INR17.74 crores in the June quarter to almost INR30.74 crores in the September quarter, 
which takes us to a total of INR487.48 crore adjusted EBITDA in the first six months, which is 
a growth of 47% for the six months and a 26% growth in EBITDA in the quarter year-on-year.  
And you see the adjusted PAT which is adjusted for tax and is at INR19.26 crores, which is a 
growth of 40% year-on-year and 80% for the six months. The Adjusted PAT for six months is 
of INR27.84 crores. Company's profit after tax, which is after deferred taxes, a deferred tax 
adjustment of INR5.73 crores entry and an ESOP entry of INR7.9 crores for the quarter takes 
profit after tax to INR5.57 crores, which is compared to a loss of INR35 crores the previous 
year. For the six-month ended, the profit after tax is INR8.89 crores, which is against a loss of 
INR81 crores in the previous year, which is due to the ESOP of INR93 crores and the deferred 
tax of INR3.59 crore.  
 
So, that gives you a rough synopsis of the consolidated financials, with a 31% growth in 
revenue in the first half and a 47% growth in adjusted EBITDA in the first half as well and an 
80% growth in adjusted profit after tax.  
 
If you go to Slide 5, it gives the standalone result. The standalone result show INR48.28 crores 
of revenue for the quarter and INR88.98 crores revenue for the six months. The quarter growth 
is 30% and the six-month growth is 36%. Again, here the costs, Q-o-Q are more or less flat. 
EBITDA for the quarter has gone to INR16.2 crores or 51% growth, 65% growth for half year. 
So that's the adjusted EBITDA. PAT is at INR14.54 crores, which is 56% growth, adjusted 
PAT this is and 74% growth for the six months at INR21.46 crores. I think the one thing to be 
highlighted here is the adjusted EBITDA margin is at 34% and 13% without other income, 
which is up from 4% the previous quarter. So, it's almost three times up than the previous 

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
quarter. I just want to also go back to Slide 4 and the consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin is 
now at 30% versus 20% the previous quarter.  
 
If you look at the standalone which is our consumer business, or the consumer group, some 
other key ratios and numbers for you. The new business in half, in first six months has grown 
by 31%, the New Car business. The Used Car business has grown by 160% year-on-year for 
the first six months, although it's at a smaller base. Our OEM dealer now has grown by 33%, 
all the advertising from car manufacturers, our dealer business has grown by 59%. In our 
consumer group, now the dealer business is about 40% of our business and the OEM is about 
60%. So, this gap is now narrowing. Both are growing, of course, but the dealer business is 
growing at a faster rate than our OEM business and Used is going faster than New. I mean, 
these are the two big things in our standalone financials.  
 
If you look at the remarketing side, which is Slide number 6, it's gone to INR54 crores during 
the quarter, which is a growth of about 9% year-on-year and a 25% annual growth. So, the 
Shriram Automall, the consolidated entity has grown by 25% for six months, year-on-year. 
The adjusted EBITDA has grown 31% year-on-year and now at INR14.57 crores for the 
quarter. Cumulative EBITDA or adjusted EBITDA is INR23.76 crores for six months for 
Shriram Automall. The adjusted EBITDA margin has come to 27% for the quarter for Shriram 
Automall.  
 
And I think the one thing we want to highlight here is that in, even though the Group has 
grown by 31% year-on-year for the first six months, Shriram Automall has had a tough quarter 
with the growth of only 9% in the last quarter, and that's been highlighted due one of our 
segments, which is auction of repossessed vehicles, which has been close to flat for the quarter. 
And that's been due to mainly two reasons. One is of course, the fact that a lot of the banks 
find that the portfolio quality is a little better. And obviously, the number of vehicles being 
auctioned is not grown or the repossessed vehicles have not grown, although, it's not gone 
down. It has not grown. And the second thing is of course, the resale values of vehicles in the 
market being bought at higher and many of the people, rather than telling us their vehicles get 
repossessed, try and sell the vehicle on their own, or pay off the loan. One of the two.  
 
So, I think this is probably the reason why we find this is maybe a temporary market situation, 
where the repossession part of our business has actually remained flat while the rest of the 
company has actually grown quite, quite well. But the overall remarketing side has grown by 
only 9% and 25% for the six months.  
 
If you go to Slide 7, the average monthly unique visitors stand at 37 million, which is as you 
can see over the last many quarters, our highest ever traffic numbers. It's another reflection of 
the growth in the car market itself.  
 
And as you can see in Slide number 8, the brand affinity compared to competition has 
remained strong. Still four times the next competitor. So, CarWale or CarTrade, and CarWale 
the brand or the brand affinity is still four times and here it comes from the fact, and that is one 
of the reasons why, 86.6% of all the traffic is unpaid for or organic as we say.  
 
If you go to Slide 9, it talks about the auction volumes and is a reflection of the last quarter, 
9% growth. We auctioned 304,000 vehicles. But as you can see, the growth rate of auction 
listings is only 12% in H1 and volume has grown by about 30% in H1. But if you look at Q2 to 
Q2, it's almost flat, which is a reflection of the 9% growth. And as I said that is primarily 
grown a 9% because of a flattish growth in our repossessed part of our auction volume within 
the Shriram Automall. So, I think this is just a rough highlight of all the metrics. To start the 
conversation, I want to spend 10, 15 minutes --- I wanted to spend 10 minutes to 15 minutes to 
give you the key financial highlights and the key metrics. Now we can go into detailed 
question answers to clarify all your doubts and questions which you might have.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura Holdings. Please go ahead.  
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. And wish you Happy Diwali to the entire team. Sir, I 
had a question on this auction business. Basically, like you said that the repossess part of the 
business has not grown on a Y-o-Y basis. So, possible to share some more thoughts here in 
terms of, is this more of a cyclical thing which should normalize going ahead? Or do you think 
this might continue for some more time may lead to our auction volumes largely at these 
levels? Or shall we expect some improvement?  

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
And second is, if you can share how big is that portfolio of repossessed vehicles, for Shriram? 
So, how big is the portfolio of the repossessed vehicle in the total family, if you look? 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Just as high. Due to the auto industry growing, financing volumes in the auto industry is 
growing. If financing volume grows, and there's a peculiar problem in the last two months 
where repossession has gone down, and I think it's a factor of portfolios being slightly better. 
It's also a factor of resale values being higher. This is normally rare and we do believe that, I 
don't know about the immediate short-term, but the but the medium to long-term view is that, 
if you lend money against vehicles, repossession is going to be required to be done. And the 
rate of repossession is unlikely to go down in the medium to long-term. So, as I said, you 
know, I think this is a short-term cyclical issue, not a long-term structural issue, number one, 
which is what your question was.  
 
Number two is, you asked, Shriram Automall’s repossession business last quarter was flat. We 
believe that with the markets, I think as and when, repossession of vehicles goes back to 
normal, which will happen in due course, I think, obviously, Shriram Automall will be a gainer 
in that process.  
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
So, in terms of outlook, do you expect to go back to that double-digit growth levels for the 
auction volumes in the coming quarters? Or do you think that may take some time, probably 
next year, we may start seeing some improvement in overall volumes?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
It is hard for us to predict at this stage. This is an issue for the last two to three months. It's 
hard to predict whether the repossession will go back to normal. But on the other hand, I think 
the big focus for us and Shriram Automall is growing all other segments of the business. So, 
one of the fastest growing segments for us at Shriram Automall, and it's almost now 30%, 31% 
of its business, is the retail side of its business or supply of vehicles for auction. And that's 
been a big fast-growing segment for us. Also growing all other segments, insurance, leasing 
companies, dealers, all other segments of our business. And when repossession etc. corrects 
itself, I think the prospects of Shriram Automall will look even better because the other 
segments are rapidly growing.  
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, second question on the standalone business or the classified business. 
Obviously, the growth has been good in the quarter. But given that now the supply situation is 
pretty close to normal and we have started seeing a lot of ad spends by many OEMs. Any color 
here in terms of the growth trends going ahead? Do you expect that, should we expect 
reasonable improvement in terms of trend from the current levels, or this is largely the trend 
we should expect? Any thoughts here?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
So, we've seen, in the standalone, we've seen a growth of 36% in H1, right. And 30% odd on 
the New Car side, and 160% on the Used Car side. Then supply chain has got better, volumes 
of cars have got better. In fact, if you've seen, the growth in passenger vehicle industry itself 
has been pretty robust in the first six months. We feel pretty good about the New Car side of 
the business. When the shortage is in the business or supply chain is affecting vehicle shortage, 
or there is shortage of vehicles and customers have to wait, generally, manufacturers spend less 
money or dealers spend less money on advertising. With supply chain improving, volumes 
improving, it actually is a little more favorable for us as a business to market. So, the market is 
far more favorable today than it was six months ago. And this year, I think most estimates are 
putting the passenger vehicle growth at about 20% to 25% this year, in the current year, in the 
financial year 2023.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Vijit Jain from Citi. Please go ahead.  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Thank you. Hi, Vinay. Hi, Aneesha. My question is, first is just a housekeeping question. At 
the start of this call, you highlighted the 1H business mix for New, Used, and OEM dealers in 
the consumer business? Could you give the same numbers for 2Q specifically only? That is 
first. And my next question is on just an update on abSure would be helpful.  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Sure. Okay. Q2, I will have to find the numbers but you wanted the mix or what did you want?  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Sir, 2Q the growth rate for the new vehicles and used vehicles in consumer business and OEM 
business growth rate and the dealer growth rate in that consumer business? The same numbers. 
I think you mentioned four numbers for 1H. I was just looking for 2Q.  
 

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Okay. Aneesha, you want to bring these out, I think maybe easier. In the meantime, I can talk 
about the abSure, right.  
 
Aneesha Menon: 
Sure.  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yeah. So, abSure, actually, we've got about 62 locations now. And our objective has been to 
keep growing the locations and get to about another, maybe between 100 by the end of the 
year. Our focus had earlier been to roll out locations. Now the focus is really operational 
efficiency and customer experience within the location and within the abSure model itself. 
What is the customer's experience when they buy a vehicle? And that whole experience of 
booking it online and picking up the vehicle. So, our focus is on the certification product, the 
warranty, the money back guarantees and all of that. And there we find we made a lot of 
progress.  
 
Where, I think one of the questions all of you had a year ago was that in a model which is 
franchised out, whereas most of our competitors are full stacked, which means a competitor the 
buying the vehicle themselves, touring it themselves, refurbishing it themselves, and selling it 
themselves, how will we work with the franchise asset like model. And what we had indicated 
a year ago was that, we're going to get the dealer or the franchisee to buy stock refurbishing, 
and we're going to provide all the online services, a booking technology tools, etc., etc., and 
the certification, the warranty, the money back to the customer. But we're going to get the 
heavy lifting to be done by the franchisee.  
 
We feel the biggest question mark to us was the quality of the car or the quality of experience 
and we feel now in the last year, very confident that the customer experience is best in class, 
even though we're running a fully franchised asset light model. So that is the second. After the 
rollout, that was the second thing we wanted to work hard towards.  
 
And the third thing we're working on now is also the franchise viability. How many cars you 
need to sell to break even? How do we make profits? How do we make sure that they're having 
a very healthy business? And then of course, how do we make sufficient return from this 
business, right? So, these are all the four things we've been working very closely with. We feel 
pretty confident a year later now that the model is played out. The one good thing is that we 
are assets light and at this particular scale, it will ramp up very quickly as you keep appointing 
franchisees across the country.  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Thanks. Vinay, if I can ask, within the abSure, is there a number you can give me on the 
number of cars that you've branded with that abSure label? So far this year, what inventory or 
what throughput of cars do you think you would get to in terms of just branding, not 
necessarily sales, where you've certified them, inspected, and all of that? Any metrics on that?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
I don’t know the number offhand, I will not be able to get the number of cars, unfortunately. 
But we'll check this up and try and put it back. But I would not offhand remember the number 
of cars, actually. But here, the objective is to keep growing this out and get to 100 outlets by 
the end of the year, is what we had indicated, each one doing maybe 15 to 25 cars a month, 
somewhere in that range. 
 
Vijit Jain: 
5 to 25. Got it. And my next question is on, so obviously, this year, so far, and in this quarter 
also, I can see that the marketing spends on the standalone business side have been flat Q-o-Q 
and not a lot of growth on Y-o-Y basis as well. Just wondering now that we are heading into 
auto OEM cycle recovery happening. Is there a chance that you might up your investments on 
the marketing side? And what are you seeing your competition doing on that front?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yeah. Vijit, we've consistently said that, for us growing traffic, at 37 million a month is a huge 
amount of users, right. And, what's been more, we've always said, 86%, 87%, we don't pay for. 
It's only 13% of the traffic, which we buy. I don't see any significant change, to be honest in 
marketing costs. In fact, with the car industry growing, more and more users come to us 
automatically, right, because of 87% factor. And that's reflected in the 37 million users. As the 
car industry grown, our traffic has grown. If you see the competitive data, and we showed you 
Google Trends, the brand index, or the digital index, or if you see traffic numbers, we've just 
got relatively better to competition. So, we're still multiple times some of the other 
competitors.  
 
So also, I think we're in a space where, as you can see, we're a profitable company. It is 
reflected in our EBITDA margins and adjusted EBITDA margin and our profits, whereas many 

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
of our competitors are still investing in their businesses. And even when they've invested, a 
period where they've invested in marketing, our traffic has continued to grow, as you can see 
in the last quarter itself. So, we don't see any significant change, actually, frankly. 
 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Just one final question on the marketing side, I'm just wondering all the content 
development, be it on the website or in terms of car reviews, and all those kinds of things, 
where does that fit in your costs? It does that fit in marketing or in other expenses?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Content means the website content development?  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Yeah. I mean, there are videos produced on… 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yeah. That is mostly in wages. The employees of a company, lot of content developer, almost 
all are content developers. Internally, there is a content team. So, it might fit in our salary, 
wage cost.  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Thanks. So, those were the questions. 
 
Aneesha Menon: 
Yeah. I'm just confirming whether you wanted to know the new vehicles growth within 
consumer group for Q2? That is one question, right?  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Yes. 
 
Aneesha Menon: 
Which is about 19%. The Used Car grew Q2 versus Q2 within the consumer group about 
160% in Q2. Were there any other metrics that you wanted to know? 
 
Vijit Jain: 
The dealers and OEMs? So, I think, when I mentioned earlier in the call, Dealers grew 33% Y-
o-Y, sorry, OEM grew 33%.  
 
Aneesha Menon: 
OEMs grew 33%.  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Dealers grew 59%. 
 
Aneesha Menon: 
Yes. The same numbers, about 21% and 47%, which is OEM grew by about 21% and dealers 
grew by 47% quarter-on-quarter.  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Thanks. And sir, just sorry for belaboring on this, but on the New and Used you said 
19% and 160%? Is that it? 
 
Aneesha Menon: 
19% and 160%, right.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Hi, Vinay and Aneesha. So, I had a couple of questions on the actual business in terms of how 
the guidance has changed. I remember the last time we were discussing 120 stores. So, is there 
a reason why we are now targeting 100 stores? I was hoping like asking that you're probably 
your competitor, thanks to the funding being tougher and all might be going slower, and this 
might be an opportunity for you to grow faster rather. So slightly surprised?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
No, I think we had estimated about 120. We would probably be at about 100. And I think the 
main reason for that is really to focus on operating, because if we have 100 or 120, doesn't 
matter for us. The focus has moved a lot from rollout to as I say customer experience, as well 
as operating efficiency that the franchise, product technology around it, etc., etc., and we want 
to get that right. It's still a very early-stage business for us and we want to get the complete 
experience completely right. And that's the thing.  
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Understood, and on the timing of the side, it's almost been a year that we have been doing 
extra business like buying. When can we expect, like we start to see some numbers here, right? 
It's been a while.  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
It has been a while, but we will try and as we progressively go, can communicate as much as 
you can, but it's very early days for the business. It is still, as I said, 12 to 15 months old real 
business. So, it is still very early days yet.  
 

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Sachin Dixit: 
And finally, you mentioned about, in Vijit’s answer, you mentioned that you are focusing on 
the franchisee breaking even. I was, like my understanding of this business was that, that's a 
business that franchisees have already been a part of and should be profitable from day one. 
What am I missing here?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
In many cases, a franchisee may profit on day one. In some cases, they may be new businesses 
or new locations of franchisee putting up, which has its own time to get to its particular 
volume. It doesn't take time for a franchise to make profits or breakeven, but it's our objective 
that everyone makes money or has a certain return on the investment they made. It's not about 
just breaking even. So, franchise viability and health is at the core of what we want to work 
with, right, on one side.  
 
On the other side is the customer experience because the business model is really about two 
pillars, right, customer experience and franchise viability. So, both are just things that you are -
-- it's very early business. So, we're working very closely. There are some franchises which are 
one year old, which will make money but some are starting last month or starting this month, 
and we were very conscious about them getting profitability and certain returns very, very 
quickly.  
 
Sachin Dixit: 
I mean just to clarify, our franchisees putting up a completely new location for abSure or 
they're just upgrading their existing place?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Some existing dealers are upgrading, some are putting on new locations. It's a mix.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Noel Vaz from Asian market Securities. 
We'll move on to the next question from Mr. Karthi Keyan, Suyash Advisors. Please go ahead.  
 
Karthi Keyan : 
Yeah. Good afternoon both of you. You spoke one on your auction business, you can you split 
up the 1% growth in volumes on a year-on-year basis into what was the degrowth in 
repossession? What would have been the growth in retail and the other categories? That will be 
interesting. And as a subset of this, I understand the market degrew in general but, for 
repossession that is, but could you have gained market share or lost market share? What is the 
theme like for both of these?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Sure. Let me get the answers to these two questions. Just give me a second. So, the growth in 
retail is about 51% in quarter two for us, whichever the other one which you track very closely, 
which is 31% of our business as I said. And repossession as I said is flat, which is the one 
which is actually bringing the growth rate down. Although, it's not dragging the company 
performance down, it is bringing the growth rate down. But retail is the other big one. It is 
30% of our business, which has grown by 51%, Q2. Is there a second question?  
 
Karthi Keyan : 
Yeah. I asked you about market share?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Ah. Yeah. The market shares are pretty strong still. I don't think, the market share, they're not 
changed. The total, and this is in Q2 specifically, repossession itself is lower.  
 
Karthi Keyan : 
No, I understand. But do you have a number for that? Something that we can…  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
I'm not able to…At this point, I will not be able to give you market share number out. But we 
would have not lost market share. But I'm not able to get the number out right now at this 
point, right.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart Sync 
Services. Please go ahead.  
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you. Hi, Vinay, Aneesha. So, first of all, I just wanted to know your opinion on this 
INR1,000 crore cash, which I think we have been having for a long time. So how do we look at 
that cash? Of course, that cash deserves some optionality. So, what I could think of is that, 
right now, when the market cap is around INR2,500 crore - INR2,800 crore and you have 
INR1000 of cash itself. Hypothetically speaking, let's say you do some macro event is there, 
which we see crashing the market, would you be willing to put it, do a buyback? Or you would 
be more interested in acquisition, or you will do with the acquisition? How do you see it? That 
is my question. 
 

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yeah. Thank you for the question. You are right. We are sitting with almost INR1,000 crores 
or more than INR1,000 crore cash in the bank. And we are generating cash. It is a profitable 
business. So, we are generating cash every day. The intent here is, at this point, to look at 
investments and acquisitions in our ecosystem, and we get 30 million customers a month. You 
know, can we provide, who come to buy a new car or used car or to two-wheeler on our 
platforms, can we provide additional services to them, value added services or other services? 
Financing, insurance, car servicing, etc., etc.? So, the intent is to look at investments and 
acquisitions in our ecosystem, and that's why we, at this point, kept the cash. We have in cash 
regenerating.  
 
Over the last six months, we've actively aggressively looked at this space, and we haven't yet 
zeroed down on a particular acquisition on investment area, but we're continuously looking 
actively at it. And over the next few months, we'll see if we can get a target business, which 
can give us a product or a service in these adjacencies, which will help all these car and two-
wheeler buyers on our platform. The intent would be to do that. Of course, in a specific 
duration of time, if we're not able to get these target companies or investments or acquisitions 
done, we would look to obviously, distribute parts of that liquid surplus.  
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Right. So, is it fair to assume buyback is out of your equation as of now? 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
No, we haven't. I don't think anything is out of the question right now. I think we just have not, 
at this point, our Board is still not taking decisions on buybacks, etc., etc. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
 
My second question is just a follow up on this cash and acquisition. So, while we are sitting on 
a cash, I believe, some of our competitors are having a very tough time in terms of cash 
crunch. So, do you want to give some thoughts as to how do you see the competitive space? 
How is it in the New car and old car, Used Cars? So, if you can throw some color into what is 
happening there, in terms of competition, that will be helpful. 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Sure. So, one of the things, we've been embarked on in 2018. And you've seen the company for 
the last five years also published our five-year results in our annual report. We've always been 
focused on unit economics and profitable growth. It's not been growth at any cost, but 
profitable growth is literally the mantra of the organization, which means getting value for the 
services you deliver from your customers. I think in markets where money is harder to get, we 
feel that because we have this profitable growth mantra, and we're generating cash, we are in a 
really good position and our business gets stronger. We also feel that some of the competitors 
who have not, as of now sorted out the unit economics, and when money raising becomes 
harder, obviously, dial down and dial up. And that typically, is that sometimes beneficial to us.  
 
But we're just focused on more than all these factors. I think eventually, the biggest thing we 
are focused on is delivering better value to our customers, and experience to our customers. So 
can we build great products on CarWale or at Shriram Automall which helps our sellers and 
buyers. That’s what eventually differentiates one from the other. As you've seen Google 
Trends, and you see the digital brand index, multiple times the competitors, because our focus 
has really been on building CarWale, the fantastic shopping destination for all car users, I think 
that's the focus, really. And as long as we can keep investing in our product and technology 
and tomorrow, when you come on our website, we can make sure you can buy a car on one 
click, as we call it, the one-click experience. We will win in this game or we will continue to 
grow.  
 
So, our focus is really on customer experience, I think and again, within that experience, we 
should have a second mantra, which is really about profitable growth, right. It has to be around 
profitable growth.  
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Sure. If I may ask one last question. So, when we're talking about customer experiences, how 
involved we are with our team at SAMIL. So, is it the SAMIL management and their old 
management and teams, which have been looking after that business for last 10 years, they are 
only taking part, or we are actively involved in the day-to-day activities? Because in terms of 
customer experience, what we see on something like the CarWale and then what now what we 
see in Shriram Automall, I think there is a complete disconnect. Maybe I'm wrong. This is my 
own personal view. So, do we have any day-to-day discussion or involvement with the team at 
SAMIL or we let them run their show independently? 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
People ask what the culture of the organization is and the group. The culture of the 
organization is entrepreneurial, which means what a car consumer coming on CarWale 

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
requires, a vehicle may auction and Shriram Automall may require something completely 
different. And I think the way we build the culture of the organization is to do what is best 
required for the customer. Also, the culture of execution is about, or the culture of people is 
about, as I said entrepreneurial. So, Sameer, who runs or is the MD of the Shriram Automall is 
of course empowered to deliver fantastic value to his customers. And at the same time, giving 
out returns to his shareholders, at the same time and create value for the company. Whatever 
else Sameer needs, people like me or Aneesha or his entire Board, including independent 
directors will provide to him. So, we are available at his beck and call when he wants. But of 
course, he's fully empowered to create value for his customers and all of the stakeholders or 
shareholders in that business.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Abhishek Singh, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Abhishek Singh: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity.  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Hi, Abhishek. How are you? 
 
Abhishek Singh: 
Yeah, I'm good. Hope everyone is doing well? Just wanted to understand, we have INR1,000 
crore of cash and compared to the business size, very small, like INR200 crores of revenue and 
INR10 crores of profits in first half. So, what is the outlook on that? I mean, even if you go for 
acquisition, what size or scale you are planning to and over what time horizon you are looking 
to invest those INR1,000 crores?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
So, as discussed earlier, the intent is here is to look at investments or acquisitions, which can 
help our current customers or current products and services which we offer. We're not a fund 
so we haven't put a size in mind. It could be a small acquisition, or it could be, as you have 
seen in the case of the CarWale in 2015, it was quite sizable. Our intent is that over the next 
few months and years, is to make sure that we are be able to provide more and more products 
to our current customers.  
 
For example, we've launched an automotive financing product on CarWale, which allows 
customers to get approval for a new car or insta-loan within minutes. So that's an internal 
investment we have made in product and technology. But like this, we are continuously 
looking at other opportunities. So, the customers coming on our platform can get multiple 
products and services. I think that is the intent over the next 6 to 12 months. Until we find a 
target acquisition or investment to do, it's very hard to talk about the size of it, because it could 
be large or it could be very small. I mean, it just depends on what provides value to a 
consumer. 
 
Abhishek Singh: 
Okay, and sorry, I have not been tracking this for a long time. So, what is the source of this 
cash because I believe the IPO was more of a secondary sale of private equity investors. So, 
how did we acquire this cash? 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes. IPO was 100% offer for sale, which means the company did not raise any money during 
the IPO. It was only selling shareholders. There was no company. The company did not raise 
cash. So, this cash has not come from the IPO. This cash has come previously from or from 
profits generated in profitable or cash profitable generated from 2018. Number one. And 
number two is also from equity raises we did in the past. I think it's a combination of both of 
those.  
 
Abhishek Singh: 
Okay. Okay. So, I believe we have been looking for right investment opportunity from long 
time and we have cash on our balance sheet again from last few years. If I'm right.  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
That's correct.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Vijit Jain from Citi. Please go ahead.  
 
Vijit Jain: 
Thank you, again, for the opportunity. Just from the ad business, Vinay, I just wanted to get 
overall thoughts. If I look at the traffic rate, on a Y-o-Y basis, it's up about 10%. And 
obviously, one part of your ad business growth is driving better conversion, driving better 
results for OEMs or for dealers. But the other part is also ad load on the website, versus each 
of these traffic. Right. So, I just wanted to get your thoughts on do you think there is 
significant scope to increase the ad monetizability per unit traffic? Or is that the right way to 
think about it?  

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yeah. The way you're seeing it is probably correct. I think that's one of the drivers of the ad 
business is what percentage of our manufacturers’ budgets are digital first, or a dealers’ 
budgets are digital first, right? So, if a dealer spends INR100 or manufacturer spends INR100 
for advertising, what part goes digital? And then within digital, what is our share versus maybe 
the horizontal, the Google or Facebook, right?  
 
And part of the, I mean, one of the drivers of the revenue is probably this metric, right. If a 
manufacturer spends INR100, so much goes digital, so much from digital comes to CarWale, 
right. And that over the last few years is growing. First is, the digital part is growing. The 
second part is, as volume of vehicle sales grow, the total advertising budget of manufacturers 
grows as well, right. So, they are two drivers of this. But it's not necessary that traffic is the 
only driver for digital ad spend or for growth in ad business. It's also a manufacturer's 
commitment to digital. And then you know from digital what our share comes. So, I think 
that's probably the bigger drivers that you are asking. 
  
Vijit Jain: 
Right? And so, from more two to three-year perspective growth here or significant growth here 
will come as in when new OEMs sign relationships with you, like MG has done, for example, 
let's say or is it that you expect to grow into the wallet share of existing OEMs? Or is it going 
to be a combination of both?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
It's actually most OEMs are signed on. So, the real drivers are growing wallet share, which 
means more money going. There are two parts. One is, ad budget of manufacturer itself is 
whole growing because car sales are growing, right. So, if INR6,000 crores a year is spent on 
automotive advertising, that is going to INR7,000 crores, INR8,000 crores, INR9,000 crores, 
INR10,000 crores. That's one part. Total advertising.  
 
Then the second part is, if 13% 14% of digital is going, in many countries it is 40% today. In 
the U.S., China, Europe, it's almost 40%. So is that going on 13%, 14% in India to 20%, 25% 
digital. And then within digital, even if our share remains the same, we automatically start 
growing rapidly. Right  
 
So, I think it's these drivers. The secular trend over the last few years and predicted in the next 
few years is that overall spend of advertising online on automotive will grow and digital spend 
will also grow. I think these are the two drivers to us.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amit Shah from Ace Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Amit Shah: 
Hi, sir. Sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have couple of questions. Sir, just 
wanted to understand more on the increase in unique visitors? How did this change come in 
place? And how do you see this going forward?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
The first part is, this quarter is one of the car market has grown. As you can see, the passenger 
car market itself has grown. It's grown the number of customers on our platform. And the 
second part is, over the previous quarter, one of the things you got to keep in mind is that, 
April, July to September is a much better quarter, normally, than an April to June quarter in 
terms of the car sales and customer engagement and traffic. So, I would say these are the two 
drivers. Car market growing is normally a reflection of our traffic. We've seen the competitive 
brand indexes which we showed you in the Google Trend slide, our ratio in the competition 
has been actually got stronger. So, that's also moved positively. But I think the main factor is 
that the car market in the first six months actually on robust growth.  
 
Amit Shah: 
Understood, sir. And sir, a follow up on that. What kind of impact this would have on our 
revenue in short-term as well as long term?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
As I discussed in the earlier question, it's not necessarily that the traffic increase has any, it has 
some correlation with the revenue growth, but our revenue growth, a lot of the revenue growth 
impact comes from manufacturers of cars, or dealers spending more money, right, because 
they are our real paying customers. And that comes from how much money they spend on 
digital advertising. As our traffic continues to grow, they obviously give us a little more money 
or allocate more money out because the impact we're making to their users is greater. So, there 
is some relation, but a lot of the contribution or the direct impact comes from manufacturer, 
dealers increasing their spends on digital. 
 

 
CarTrade Tech Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Hi, I just put in one more question with regards to what's happening on the tax expense side? 
We are getting deferred expense credit last year in Q3, Q4, now we are getting expense. Can 
you explain how should we think of it going forward?  
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Sure. Aneesha, you want to explain this one? I think with the Ind AS accounting standard but I 
think Aneesha will explain it.  
 
Aneesha Menon: 
Yes, sure. I will do that. So, Sachin, in March 2021 is when we had booked a DTA, the DTA is 
based on the profit or losses of the company. What we do every year and every quarter is that 
we need to revisit on how and when we would be able to consume those brought forward 
losses, whether they would get consumed or they get expired. It is an unwinding of the DTA 
that is created in the past. From Q1 to Q2, there is two changes. One is, the other income, the 
funds that have realized more income than in Q1 has resulted in higher income, which has 
resulted in some unwinding of DTL happening in Q2 vs Q1. Also, we had an ESOP charge of 
further two crores this quarter, which has further increased the DTL charge corresponding to 
that in Q2 versus Q1.  
 
So, just to simplify it, there is a DTA which got charged or created in March 2021, which is 
based on the brought forward losses and non-absorbed depreciation. Over the years as and 
when we consumed all those losses, we need to unwind the DTA which is called the DTL, the 
deferred tax liability. This is what will happen in the future also. But from Q1 versus Q2, there 
are two changes. One is the increase in the other income, which is the mutual fund investment 
value going up. And the second one is, on the ESOP entry that has come in Q2 vs Q1. 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Got it. And on the other expense going up, like is there a driver of such a sharp growth in that 
or it's just your investments just provide better results?  
 
Aneesha Menon: 
I'm sorry, other expenses or other incomes? 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Sorry, other income.  
 
Aneesha Menon: 
The return on the other income has been better. We've not changed anything from Q1 to Q2. It 
is the same funds where it is been invested.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Sanghi for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thank you. And we also want to thank each of you for joining in. It's been a very active 
quarter for us. I think we've shown in some area of business strong performances. Margins 
have got better compared to the previous quarter. Overall revenue growth has been much 
stronger compared to the previous quarter as well. And one part of our business, as we 
discussed this year, Shriram Automall has shown a lower growth rate, but we're pretty 
optimistic about the future of our business as a whole. As we continue to invest in product and 
technology for our consumers. And I just want to thank all of you for joining and taking the 
time out, and Happy Diwali to all of you and enjoy the festival period ahead. Thank you, 
everybody. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of CarTrade Tech Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
 
