 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA 
 
Sub.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the Investors 
Conference Call for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript 
of Investors Conference Call for Un-audited financial results for the quarter and half-
year September 30, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 
Thursday, October 20, 2022. 
 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
 
https://jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/files/7q2consfileEarningsCallTranscript.pdf  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
 
 
 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: as above 
DEEPANJA
LI GULATI
Digitally signed by 
DEEPANJALI GULATI 
Date: 2022.10.28 
15:08:22 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 31 
 
     
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 20, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited's Earnings Conference call for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2022. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and anyone who wishes to ask a question may enter “*” and 1 
on their touchtone phone. To remove yourself from the question queue, 
you may enter “*” and 2. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pavleen Singh Taneja, Director, Investor Relations, 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Aman. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being with us on 
the Quarter 2 and half year of Financial Year 2023 earnings conference call 
of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made on the call today could be forward-looking in nature, and 
a detailed disclaimer in this regard has been included in the press release 
and results presentation that has been shared on our website.  
 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia Chairman; Mr. Hari Bhartia, 
Co-Chairman; Mr. Rajesh Srivastava, CEO and Managing Director; Mr. 
Prakash Chandra Bisht, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited; and Mr. Arvind 
Chokhany, Group CFO, Jubilant Bhartia Group. 
 

 
Page 2 of 31 
 
 
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments please. 
 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining 
us on Q2 FY'22 earnings conference call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. We are 
pleased to announce stable operational and financial performance during 
the quarter under review despite continuing headwinds on account of high 
energy costs during the current financial year. 
 
Our Specialty Chemicals business revenue grew 63% year-on-year on 
account of better demand across all products in this segment. Margins are 
impacted mainly on account of higher cost of energy due to restrictions on 
contracted coal supplies. While we expect the coal supply to normalize 
soon, we also continue to explore alternative energy solutions for future. 
 
In Nutrition & Health Solutions business flu situation in U.S. and Europe is 
normalizing. However, demand for B3 continue to be suppressed owing to 
post-flu impact and excess inventory across the value chain. Our focus on 
niche segments like food and cosmetics is showing positive results, and we 
continue to increase our revenue share in this segment. We also believe 
that the demand challenges of vitamin B3 are short term. We continue to 
improve market share in our Animal Nutrition business of vitamin B4 and 
other branded premix products. 
 
Our Chemical Intermediates business continues to witness strong demand 
resulting in volume growth. Business continued to improve its leadership 
position in Acetic Anhydride in domestic and international markets. 
Revenue impact year-on-year basis was primarily driven by lower prices of 
feedstock, leading to lower sales of Ethyl Acetate and Acetic Anhydride.  
 
We believe that Jubilant Ingrevia Limited is well positioned to deliver robust 
growth in the future backed by its comprehensive growth plans for its 

 
Page 3 of 31 
 
growth projects. The performance in the coming quarters will be driven by 
higher share from Specialty Chemicals, where company is scaling its 
capacity and capability. Nutrition & Health Solutions, where the company 
is enhancing its value-added range of products in chemical intermediates 
segments where our core emphasis is on enhancing healthy volume 
contributions.  
 
With this, I hand over to Rajesh to discuss about the business in detail.  
 
Before that, on the behalf of the entire team Jubilant, we wish our investors 
and everyone present on this call, a very joyful, peaceful, safe and a very 
happy Diwali. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. At the outset, let 
me welcome you all for joining us in our Q2 FY'23 investor call of Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited. I sincerely hope that you and your loved ones are keeping 
very well. Let me now take you through the financials and operational 
performance of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited for Q2 FY’23. 
 
Revenue during the quarter was INR1,304 crore. Overall revenue grew by 
7% year-on-year basis, mainly on account of higher sales performance by 
Specialty Chemicals business. Nutrition & Health Solutions business 
continued to witness lower demand owing to post flu impact and excess 
inventory situation across the value chain, coupled with short-term 
demand impact in Europe due to ongoing geopolitical situation. Chemical 
Intermediates volume has further grown, while revenue impacted mainly 
on account of lower prices of key raw material that is Acetic Acid.  
 
EBITDA is at INR160 crore. Higher input costs due to non-availability of 
contracted coal, coupled with lower volume off take of Niacinamide has 
impacted EBITDA, while Specialty Chemicals and Chemical Intermediates 
volumes have grown significantly. We continue to focus on improving 

 
Page 4 of 31 
 
efficiency using various business excellence tools and techniques to 
maintain competitiveness. Sustainability continues to be a core focus area 
for us and during the quarter we successfully achieved EcoVadis CSA 
assessment score of 93% with gold rating. 
 
Now let me take you through the updates on all our 3 business segments.  
 
Specialty Chemicals: Revenue of Specialty Chemicals business was INR480 
crore and EBITDA was INR77 crore during the quarter. Specialty Chemicals' 
revenue grew by 63% on a year-on basis, driven by higher volume across 
product segments. Share of revenue to customers having Agrochemical end 
use increased during the quarter. We also witnessed healthy demand in our 
oilfield chemicals. Our CDMO pipeline is healthy and progressing positively. 
Our new GMP and non-GMP facilities, which are expected to be ready 
during current quarter, that is Q3 FY'23, will help us in capturing growing 
demand of CDMO projects. We observed a positive traction of demand for 
our other specialty chemicals also from both domestic as well as 
international customers due to China plus 1 strategy from all our global 
customers. 
 
Demand of Pyridine continued to be strong during the quarter. Our 
business team has been successful to pass on most of the raw material 
costs and also partially increased energy costs as well. Specialty Chemicals 
segment, absolute EBITDA increased by 8% on the back of higher volume. 
In spite of significantly improved volumes in the segment, relative increase 
in absolute EBITDA and EBITDA margin are lower, mainly due to higher cost 
of coal. 
 
Nutrition & Health Solutions Business: Nutrition business revenue was at 
INR114 crore during the quarter. Nutritional business revenue de-grew by 
36% on account of lower demand owing to post flu impact and excess 
inventory situation across the value chain, coupled with the short-term 

 
Page 5 of 31 
 
demand impact in Europe due to ongoing geopolitical situation. However, 
share for food and cosmetics in segment revenue grew on a year-on-year 
basis. EBITDA and EBITDA margin also declined mainly on account of lower 
sales volumes of Niacinamide. 
 
Flu situation in EU and America regions have improved. However, we 
expect that demand situation may normalize towards the end of Q3 or 
beginning of Q4. Demand of vitamin B3 is also witnessing short-term impact 
in Europe due to ongoing geopolitical situation. We expect these challenges 
to be short term and remain positive on the prospects of Nutrition business 
in the medium term, and we continue to maintain our leadership position 
in global market. Further, we continue to improve our revenue share of 
Niacinamide in niche segments like food and cosmetic on year-on-year 
basis. Our Animal Nutrition business has improved market share of vitamin 
B4 and other branded premix products. 
 
Chemical Intermediates Business: Revenue from Chemical Intermediates 
segment was INR710 crore, down by 5% on a year-on-year basis and EBITDA 
stood at INR77 crore. Revenue de-growth was driven mainly on account of 
lower price of key raw materials that is Acetic Acid. However, Acetic 
Anhydride witnessed double-digit volume growth year-on-year basis. Also, 
revenue from Europe have gone up significantly year-on-year basis. EBITDA 
was lower due to stock impact on lower feedstock prices and lower demand 
of Ethyl Acetate. 
 
We continue to maintain domestic market leadership for Acetic Anhydride 
and further strengthening our position in international markets. We remain 
the key strategic supplier for select customers of ethyl acetate. Our 
upcoming acetic anhydride plant at Bharuch is under construction and is 
expected to be ready during Q4 FY'23. 
 

 
Page 6 of 31 
 
Outlook and Growth CapEx Plans: We expect our H2 performance to be 
better than H1, assuming no unexpected adverse situation. We expect 
overall healthy revenue growth during FY'23, led by volume growth in 
Specialty Chemicals and Chemical Intermediates segments. Commissioning 
of new CapEx during H2 is likely to aid the growth. We are fully committed 
towards our growth aspiration, and we are excited to realize the emerging 
opportunities through our ongoing growth CapEx plan of INR2,050 crore 
during FY'22 to FY'25 period. We continue our efforts towards improving 
our revenue mix of Specialty and Nutrition segment to 65% by FY'27 from 
46% in FY'22, and we believe this to be a key driver for overall margin 
improvements. 
 
With this, I now hand over to Prakash to discuss the financials, and I would 
like to wish you all very happy and prosperous Diwali for you and your 
family. Thank you. 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
Thank you, Rajesh. A very good evening to everyone and thank you for 
joining us on Q2 FY'22 earnings conference call. I would now highlight the 
company's financial performance during the quarter and half year ended 
30th September 2022.  
 
Revenue from operations during Q2 FY'23 was at INR1,304 crore as 
compared with INR1,223 crore in Q2 last year, registering a growth of 7% 
on Y-o-Y basis. Similarly, revenue from operations during the H1 FY'23 was 
at INR2,469 crore as compared with INR2,367 crore in half year last year, 
registering a growth of 4% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
The EBITDA during the quarter was INR160 crore as compared with INR202 
crore in Q2 FY'22, witnessing a decline of 21% on year-on-year basis, and 
the margin stood at 12.3% in Q2 FY'23 as against 16.5% in Q2 FY'22. The 
drop in year-on-year EBITDA margin is mainly on account of high energy 
costs due to non-availability of contracted coal, coupled with the lower 

 
Page 7 of 31 
 
volume off take of vitamin B3. Similarly, EBITDA for H1 FY'23 was at INR311 
crore as compared with INR490 crore during H1 FY'22. And margins were 
at 12.6% during H1 FY'23 as compared with 20.7% for the same period last 
year. 
 
The EBITDA for H1 FY'23 is impacted on account of Chemical Intermediates 
segment's EBITDA normalization, lower volume uptake of vitamin B3, 
coupled with higher input cost impact in the Specialty Chemicals business 
due to non-availability of contracted coal. Depreciation and amortization 
expenses during the quarter were at INR31 crore. Finance cost during the 
quarter was at INR5.1 crore versus INR7.16 crore in FY'22 on account of 
repayment of high-cost long-term loans and lower average utilization of 
debt. Net debt was at INR282 crore at the end of Q2 FY'23 and the average 
blended interest rate for Q2 FY'23 was at 5.84%. 
 
During the quarter, India Ratings upgraded its credit rating of the long-term 
debt of the company to AA+ stable from earlier AA stable. The tax expenses 
for Q2 FY'23 were at INR40 crore. The company would continue to remain 
under the old tax regime during FY'23. And the ETR is expected to remain 
in the range of 31% to 32%. PAT during the quarter was at INR84 crore as 
against INR111 crore in Q2 FY'22, witnessing a decline of 24% year-on-year 
due to lower EBITDA. 
 
Similarly, PAT for H1 FY'22 was at INR164 crore as against INR279 crore PAT 
in H1 FY'21. Net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was at 0.41x on the basis of trailing 
12 months EBITDA. The net working capital percentage and number of days 
of working capital for Q2 FY'23 on the basis of trailing 12 months turnover 
was at 17.9% and 65 days, respectively. Increase in net working capital is 
driven by short-term strategic decision of inventory building of certain 
products and temporary reduction in creditors due to procurement of 
domestic ethanol. The capital expenditure during the quarter was 
approximately INR110 crore. 

 
Page 8 of 31 
 
 
With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks. We will now be 
happy to address any questions that you may have. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So, 4 questions from my side. First, on the Chemical Intermediates business. 
For H1, was there any inventory loss? If so, if you could tell us? That's the 
first question. The following 3 questions are related to Specialty Chemicals. 
One, if you could give us the volume growth on the Specialty Chemicals 
business for Q2. Second, just trying to understand how long the whole issue 
is probably going to continue? And in your conversations with your 
customers, if you see a potential for you to be able to pass on this cost 
because essentially, the Specialty Chemicals business one would presume 
is that you would have a strong ability to do so? And third, in the Pyridine 
space, would you have any peers operating out of Europe? And given the 
crisis that we're witnessing there, therefore a potential for you to probably 
garner more market share? That's it from me. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Tarang, on your first question on Chemical Intermediates Q2 impact. As you 
can see, the Acetic Acid prices at the quarter end was $745, and this 
quarter, we ended with $620. So, you can fairly assume there is a reduction 
of $120, which actually makes our 20-day stock valuation reduction on a 
gradual basis during the quarter. So, there is an impact.  
 
On Specialty Chemicals, 3 questions on volume, yes, we have grown volume 
as we have explained, that out of 63% or 64% growth in Specialty Chemicals 
revenue, close to 42%, 43% has come from volumes and rest is from price. 
So of course, the entire growth of Specialty Chemicals, more than 65% of 
this growth is contributed with the volume growth. 
 

 
Page 9 of 31 
 
On second question of coal issue, it is so difficult to explain by when it will 
be over. But looking at the discussions which we are having with the 
Government and we are having with the coalaries we are very, very 
confident that this issue has to be behind us by end of this quarter or 
beginning of next quarter that is certainly there. Having said so, as a 
Company, we are taking a long-term view of this situation to de-risk 
ourselves in future, and we are making a strategy to really minimize this 
impact in future at all, if it happens. But it takes time. So that will be 
happening, let's say, in 2, 3 quarters, not immediately. So one is that coal 
impact will be behind us by, let's say, Q4. But overall, for future, we are 
taking strategies to minimize this impact even though if it happens.  
 
On Pyridine question, there is no one in the Europe who is competing with 
us in Pyridine. The only competitors for us in pyridine and derivatives are 
sitting in China. And as you know, the tendency of now European and U.S. 
customers to source their specialty chemicals more from India, favorable 
situation is also making an impact on our Pyridine and derivative business 
because that's a positive trend. We continue. Hope I have replied to your 
question. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Sir, just one more. Sir, I mean, in terms of your ability to pass on the cost 
push that you're seeing in power and fuel. Is it a call that you've taken that 
maybe perhaps you see it as transient, therefore, not having a conversation 
with your customers or you are somewhere limited in your ability to pass 
on the cost portion? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. So, if you see the coal impact to us in Q1 plus Q2 total is in the range of 
INR160 crore to INR180crore. Now out of this, I’m sure you can see that we 
have not got impacted to this extent in Q1 plus Q2. So, there is a great 
amount of effort our business team has made to perform the cost of coal 
impact. However, since this impact is not in general for everybody, 
obviously, it is difficult for our products to take 100% pass on. So, you are 

 
Page 10 of 31 
 
right. We are not hesitant to talk. We have been talking to our customers, 
and they have been very, very favorable on our request. And to some 
extent, they are in a position to pass on those costs to us, but not, of course, 
100%. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Malay Sameer from Breakthroughs in 
Stock Market. Please go ahead. 
 
Malay Sameer: 
My first one is, in Quarter 1, we had taken a hit of about INR40 crore on the 
fuel as well as inventory losses on Acetic Acid. So how much would that 
INR40 crore compare in the current quarter? That's my first question. The 
second question is on the commentary that you've made that you're 
looking at alternate sources for energy. That somehow gives the feeling 
that we are not sure of getting FSA coal in future like we did in the past. 
And therefore, the third question is that if partial FSA coal and partial 
coming from imports or e-auctions become the norm in FY'24 too, then 
what is the kind of hit, incrementally do you expect from these new 
situations? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Let me take your second question first because that's very straightforward. 
First of all, you should know that this contract is between us and 
Government. So, this is absolutely unlikely that we will not get FSA coal. It 
is definitely the deferment, not the canceling. And we have a contract for 5 
years. So, it's absolutely not possible that we will not get. What I said that 
we are making alternate adjustment is not to the extent of FSA, we said we 
will be definitely working on the energy cost reduction overall. Now that is 
something which will reduce overall impact. But I'm not saying that we will 
stop buying coal or we will not get the coal. I hope I have clarified this. So 
please don't get that impression that even thinking about that we will not 
get FSA coal. So that is the clear answer for your question 2. Now your 
question one, the impact which you said INR40 crore Q1 is currently 
representing to the tune of almost INR55 crore to INR60 crore in Q2. 

 
Page 11 of 31 
 
 
Malay Sameer: 
So, my first question, which you've answered very clearly in Specialty, sir, 
was definitely on the participation from FSA coal and other means. I 
certainly didn't mean that we would be eliminating FSA and going on other 
means. But that has been taken by you very, very well. Now since this hit 
on coal and acetic acid inventory losses have increased from INR40 crore to 
INR55 crore. Can you give us a guidance in future so that we can build our 
models accordingly? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. So, what we can give today guidance is, so far, the FSA has not been 
released. We are expecting and we are hearing from the corridors of 
government as well as coalaries that from 1st December, they are expected 
to open. But if that does not happen by any chance, absolutely from 1st 
January, it will get open because even Government is now under pressure 
to supply it to the industry, there is a lot of pressure from various industries 
for FSA coal to start. I'm hoping it should be from 1st of December. But in 
worst situation 1st of January, certainly. So, we're definitely clear about it. 
 
Malay Sameer: 
So, sir, in the last conference call, we had somehow hinted that the FSA coal 
will start by about the 1st of September. And it didn't happen that way, and 
I know it is due to backlog that the part of the Government. So, can we sort 
of draw a communication to the investors and potential investors, where 
we keep them updated on a regular basis, maybe a monthly basis or 
something, where we update them about the current situations? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, we are doing it continuously. As and when we have any investor 
discussion calls, communication, we are updating our current situation. 
And this is something which is known to everybody because we are not the 
only sufferer of FSA. You talk to any industry who consumes, FSA, this is 
known thing. But you are right. Whenever we are meeting investors, we are 
meeting anyone, we are communicating very clearly. 
 

 
Page 12 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique Portfolio 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Pratik Kothari: 
So, a couple of data points. First, if you can share, sir, I mean, you shared 
the volume numbers of Specialty, but for the Health & Nutrition and 
Intermediate if you can share that, please? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. So, if you see our presentation, Health & Nutrition, our Niacinamide 
volume has de-grown by 40% over last year. On Chemical Intermediates 
segment, our volumes have grown by almost 10% to 12%, 10% by volume 
growth. However, there is a reduction on price impact to our profitability. 
So that's about 15%. So, there is a volume growth, but you don't see that 
impact in our profitability because of the Acetic Acid price impact in the 
inventory. 
 
Pratik Kothari: 
So, the operating profit that we see at that because what I believe the 
pricing is based on first tonne basis and not on a percentage basis. The 
operating EBITDA drop basically would be because of the Acetic prices like 
the inventory hit that you would have to take? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. Because since this business runs with per tonne 
basis since our volumes are growing. Obviously, the absolute EBITDA is 
growing, but you don't see the full impact because of this impact of FSA. 
You are very right. And once this Acetic Acid price will normalize, you will 
see the normalized EBITDA of Chemical Intermediaries. 
 
Pratik Kothari: 
Fair enough. And then my second question is on other expenses. I mean, 
excluding your fuel and par and first starts INR220 crore, it has gone up to 
about INR300 crore. So, if you can throw some light, what is this regarding? 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
Yes. Pratik, so other expenses, the way the SEBI format so it is not all fixed 
expenses. This includes many variable expenses also. So, the expenses, 

 
Page 13 of 31 
 
which have gone up, primarily, it is on account of freight. And we also have 
increased our tolling business, which is outside tolling. So, these are the 2 
expenses, which has gone up. So this increase is mainly on account of 
freight and incremental tolling. 
 
Pratik Kothari: 
And sir, my last question, I mean, given the volatility, et cetera, there are a 
lot of in numbers, we have seen a lot of hit on the coal fuel prices, some 
inventory add on. But any positives that you can share, which are not 
reflected in the numbers in terms of the project fee, the CapEx that we had 
planned? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. So, one of the best positives which we can observe is what we have 
been telling everybody that as a business, we are standing very strong. Our 
volumes are growing. Specifically on our Specialty side, what we have been 
talking is turning out to be the reality, which will continue. And that's what 
will bring both in terms of volume achievement as well as profitability. So 
that is happening very positively.  
 
On Chemical Intermediates side, the plant which we constructed of Acetic 
Anhydride in 2020 is running now in a very high level of capacity. And that's 
why we are building up the new plant. So, the CapEx which we put up was 
a very good decision at the right time. So those values are being realized. 
You can see our overall Chemical Intermediates performance of 2 years 
before and now has significantly improved, and this will continue to 
improve because we are going to utilize this plant fully as well as this Q4, 
we will get the additional plant. So Chemical Intermediates business 
continue to grow volumes as well as our revenue and EBITDA profitability 
situation.  
 
The temporary situation, the 2 realities which we are talking is very short 
term, which is the coal price increase. And secondly, is the temporary 

 
Page 14 of 31 
 
impact of our vitamin B3 business. Rest all, the business is really standing 
very strong, as you can see with the results. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama Institutional 
Research. Please go ahead. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, a couple of questions. Sir, first is on clarifications on our development 
on Diketene and CDMO projects, where have our Diketene projects 
reached and what kind of utilization the plant is operating right now? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Rohan, our Diketene, as I explained in the last call also, fortunately, our 
plant has come out very successfully, both on capacity as well as on cost 
and quality. The challenge which we explained on Diketene was temporary 
where the demand from one of our large customers in India has been very 
low because of some unforeseen situation, which is going to be a normal 
situation by Q4. However, your specific question, I think currently, we are 
utilizing our facility to the tune of 40% to 50%. And we are very confident 
come Q4, we will be touching 80% to 100% of our capacity of Diketene. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
So sir, this is basically specific to UPL that is the agrochemical consumption 
which has been impacted, that is what is affecting our packaging 
consumption. Am I right, sir? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, that is correct. And one of the industry, which is Dye industry and 
Packaging industry is also not doing as great as it should be doing, which 
also is expected to normalize by Q4 or Q1 next year. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, with the 40% to 50% utilization level in Diketene, are we completely 
dependent on domestic market consumption or have you already started 
exploring the export market opportunities? 
 

 
Page 15 of 31 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
We have already started exploring export market, and we have a great 
success there also. But as of now, our major volumes are domestic. Because 
export market will take a little time for getting approval at commercial 
level, et cetera, which we have told earlier also. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
And sir, this is primarily for the, I think, 3 derivatives for Diketene where we 
are relying right now? And what is about the further expansion in the 
product line of Diketene-based derivatives? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
It stands as it is what we explained last time that Phase 2 of Diketene, we 
will bring up sometime next year, that is FY'24. And that will bring another 
3 to 4 products when the Phase III will come subsequently. So that is on 
track. That is happening. The products are clear from R&D. We are doing a 
little bit of detail engineering part of it, and then we will bring up the CapEx 
next year. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, second question is on Specialty Chemicals, which is such a strong 
volume growth, which you have delivered up to 40% to 45% in the current 
quarter. Sir, what is this growth driver and what is the growth coming from 
the pyridine derivative and what is from the non-pyridine-based business? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So you know in Specialty Chemicals, our major business is pyridine and 
pyridine derivatives, except for the Diketene and CDMO business. So you 
can say that the growth is primarily coming from Pyridine and Pyridine 
derivatives. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, in Pyridine derivatives if I understand rightly, the market would not have 
been growing so much and we already have such a strong leadership 
position in many pyridine derivatives, almost 12 to 13, we have almost 60% 
to 80% market share. So, the key growth driver of this pyridine derivatives, 
which you're talking about 40%, it's basically driven from where, where you 
are gaining market share? 

 
Page 16 of 31 
 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, you are right in some of our products. We have 50% to 60% market 
share, but there are other products, where we are capturing more market 
share because I said because of China plus situation now globally. And 
lastly, we have continuously introduced new products in Pyridine, Pyridine 
derivatives, because we are expanding non-GMP facilities. So, all these new 
plants, new investments which we are making in Specialty Chemicals will 
also bring us revenue both from new products as well as from the existing 
products, more markets. So, we have not achieved, let's say, 70% or 80% 
market share in each of our products. So, there is enough room for us to 
grow within the pyridine and pyridine derivatives also. And overall market 
demand is also growing. So, though we have a share, but since the market 
is growing, that also gives us an opportunity to take our leadership position 
to further stronger way. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
And sir, just last on my side, on vitamin B3 and the business which has been 
impacted because of the flu. Sir, you mentioned that the flu scenario is over 
now, but the market has a high inventory. So, you see that the situation in 
Europe and the demand will improve by Q4? Or it can take some more time 
because of the high inventory in the system. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So usually, what happens, Rohan, when this kind of situation of flu happens 
in poultry, people cull the birds and once the birds are culled, it takes 
almost 3 to 4 months for the farms to start consuming the same volumes, 
which they used to consume. So, after 3 to 4 months, of course, this 
inventory situation because suppliers have inventory. So overall, 5 to 6 
months it takes. So Q4, we see that a great extent the situation will 
improve. But from Q1, we are certain that situation will become normal. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Please go ahead. 
 

 
Page 17 of 31 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, the first question is on the commodity on the Chemical Intermediates 
segment. So, how are the per kg margins in this business, right, normalized 
for Ethyl Acetate and Acetic Anhydride? Or is there any further 
normalization expected? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, on Anhydride, as I said earlier also, our per kg realization is improving 
because we are improving our volumes, we are improving our share with 
the customers. We are increasing our business to more international 
markets. So overall, our per kg margins are improving. So, as we will catch 
up the volume, you will see the overall profitability of Chemical 
Intermediates business improving, which is happening. If you see last 1, 1.5 
years, this has been improving. And since we are increasing our capacity 
because of the demand, of course, volume will go. So, it will be a good 
impact of both per kilo impact as well as volume. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sir, and what's the current capacity utilization levels, both in Anhydride as 
well as in Ethyl Acetate? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
On Anhydride, we are fairly at a range of 70% to 80% overall, in general. 
Some of the plants are more than 90%, 92%. Some of the plants are lower. 
But in the next couple of quarters, the volume situation is definitely 
showing us that the utilization is going to significantly improve. And once 
we bring the new plant, probably we will be in a position to add more value. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
And sir, what would be the reason behind the lower demand for Ethyl 
Acetate? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, Ethyl Acetate, the lower demand is happening because the extra 
pressure at China to produce Ethyl Acetate and dump in the European 
market, which is slowly now improving. So that is one. And secondly, in 
India, the demand in packaging industry is down. As you know, packaging 
is not doing as well. So that is the reason. But of late, we are also seeing a 

 
Page 18 of 31 
 
positive trend of Ethyl Acetate as well. So hopefully, in next couple of 
months, Ethyl Acetate will improve. But as you know ethyl acetate, we are 
very focused on only select customers, where we have a good quality 
requirement of products. So, we are actually not really focusing on large 
volume because this is not a product where we feel that we can make good 
money. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot:  
 
But what would be the capacity utilization there on ethyl acetate? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
In general, if you see, we are at about 60% to 70%. But remember, these 
capacities are multipurpose. So, we can produce some other products as 
well, which are the value-added products, which we are launching one by 
one. Like we have done for Propionic Anhydride. We are utilizing the 
existing capacity with some debottlenecking, et cetera. So new products 
we are working on to take care of this capacity utilization. So, they are not 
sitting idle. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
And sir, another one would be on the balance sheet, on the debt levels, 
which have increased. So net debt has increased to INR280 crore. So where 
do we expect the debt to be keeping in mind the CapEx that we have? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, if you see the current situation, again, on the debt side, it is very short 
term because our profitability has been lower and of course, the CapEx is 
going very strong. But we have enough headroom for our short-term 
borrowings. So, for time being, for a few months, probably we'll go for 
short-term borrowing. And we are expecting H2 performance to improve 
significantly. And we see that we will be in a position to bring back the 
overall borrowing situation by end of this year to a controlled situation. 
That should not be a concern area at all. 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
And Nitesh, just to add on to what Rajesh said, you would see that the 
increase in borrowing is only to fund the working capital increase.  

 
Page 19 of 31 
 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, what was the exact reason behind the working capital increase? I had 
missed out the earlier part. So if you can just repeat. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. It's just 2 key reasons. One is that we have taken 2 products as a 
strategic decision to improve inventory to gain in market share and 
profitability in next 2 quarters. So, it's a short-term event of 5 to 6 months. 
And second, as you can see that our creditors have increased because we 
were getting a better price in coal in domestic markets where the creditors 
are lower. So therefore, it is very short term. Coming December or January, 
we will be back with the normalized creditor. So, let's say, in 3, 4 months, 
that's why I'm saying that 3, 4 months, you will see the normal working 
capital, which we have been at the range of 15% to 16%. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir, if I understand this correctly, the power and fuel costs, which has 
increased any 15%, 16% of sales. So earlier, it used to be around 8%, 8.5%. 
When the situation improves, so could be 2, 3, 4 months down the line. So, 
do we expect this to revert back to 8% to 9% of sales, which was the 
normalized range? So that would be an alpha of 7%, 8% from where we are 
standing currently at 20% EBITDA margins. So, 6% to 7% from here, when 
we are talking about increasing contribution from the Specialty Chemicals 
business. And then we are also talking about phasing out of the inventory 
loss, which we are seeing in Chemical Intermediaries space. So, taking 
impact of everything from the current level of 12% EBITDA, do you think 
that can be alpha generation of around 9%, 10% over next year or so if all 
these factors start reversing? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, there are 2 things. Let me first address your point on EBITDA level. So, 
if you see the Q1 plus Q2, the overall impact of coal is in the range of INR140 

 
Page 20 of 31 
 
crore. Now if you add this and add our loss of niacinamide business 
contribution, these 2 things itself brings us on as one basis to the close to 
20% EBITDA. Having said so, what you are comparing from last year, the 
cost of fuel and energy, particularly the coal has 2 impacts. One is the 
overall price increase of coal. Earlier we used to buy coal from import 
market at INR5,000 to INR6,000 per tonne, which has overall increased to 
the level of INR12,000 a tonne. So that has gone up for everyone that I don't 
think we have any visibility today to tell you whether it will come down. The 
second impact on that percentage is our FSA coal. Now that FSA coal, as I 
explained in the last question also, we are very sure that the situation has 
to come to normal definitely by Q4 of this year. So that impact of overall 
increase of coal is for everybody, and we have already recovered in our 
pricing. What we are not in a position to recover 100% is the difference of 
FSA versus the normal coal. 
 
Harsh Shah: 
 
 
So currently, we are receiving no procurement from the FSA coal? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
 
Yes. So, nobody gets, it's not only we. Nobody is getting the FSA coal. 
 
Harsh Shah: 
So when the situation normalizes, what percent would come from FSA, and 
how much would we buy from the market once situation normalizes? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So that's what I said that the overall cost impact of FSA coal for Q1 and Q2 
is about INR140 crore. So that will be a normal situation, we will achieve in 
a normal FSA availability. 
 
Harsh Shah: 
And then for Niacinamide, have you seen the realizations coming off 
sharply because of the inventory situation? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, yes. So the Niacinamide volumes are also lower, even realization is also 
lower, of course, because the inventories are high. And both have to 
improve. 

 
Page 21 of 31 
 
 
Harsh Shah: 
 
 
And how much are the realizations lower compared to FY'22 level? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
 
I think it is in the range of about 12% to 14%. On pricing. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilam Saha from Ventura Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Nilam Saha: 
So, in your investor presentation, you have mentioned that in the couple of 
coming years, your capacity of all the segments are going to increase by 
around 40%. And you have also mentioned that after the current CapEx 
positive terms, your constitution of revenue will change, and Chemical 
Intermediates will constitute from now 60% which was around 35% at that 
time. So, I wanted to understand how that changes things will happen or 
whether you're going to see your capacity utilization of different segments? 
And also, if you can give us further breakdown of importation in Specialty 
Chemicals, you are going to consider 50% of your revenue at that time. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. So, the answer to your first question is because most of our new 
growth CapEx investments are happening on Specialty Chemicals and 
Nutrition side. All those new CapEx's, the new investments will bring 
additional revenues, which will change the entire revenue profile of 
Specialty and Nutrition. On Chemical Intermediates side, as you can see, 
our major CapEx is on anhydride and on Green Acetic Acid. Rest all growth 
CapEx's are in the Specialty and Nutrition side. And therefore, the change 
in mix will happen with that. Your second question is that on Specialty 
Chemicals, our existing performance itself is showing that our growth is 
now in line with what we have been talking. So definitely, it will be possible 
by FY'25, we have shown in our presentation, we will achieve. 
 
Nilam Saha: 
Out of that 50%, how much will be in Specialty, and how much in Nutrition 
will you be able give that breakdown? 

 
Page 22 of 31 
 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
 
As of now, I don't have exact number. I can come back to you later, please. 
 
Nilam Saha: 
Okay. And my second question is, I have a few questions related to the 
financials. So, what is your current inventory deal? And you also mentioned 
that your other expenses some part of it is variable and some of it isn't, give 
an average percentage of tax? And also in your revenue, you have some 
intersegment revenue part of it. I would also have to know like why it 
depends on like is it a certain percentage of your revenue, a certain 
percentage of say Chemical Intermediates. I'd like to know that. 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
So Nilam, the inventory days are 65. What you see in the segmental sales is 
the merchant revenue. It does not include the inter-segmental revenue. So 
it's all merchant revenue, which you are seeing as a segmental revenue, I 
missed your third question, what was that? 
 
Nilam Saha: 
That explains a part of it. So, if you can give a breakdown of the other 
expenses leaving the power cost? 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
So other expenses include all the rest of the expenses because the way the 
SEBI format has been designed, you have to show material separately, 
employee costs separately. And then actually if you can put everything else 
in the other expenses. So other expenses include everything else. So it has 
repair and maintenance, freight and forwarding. So processing charges, 
travel expenses, all admin costs, selling and administration, all other 
expenses are included in that. The simple way is our annual report has been 
released recently. If you would see that annual report in the manufacturing 
and other expenses, you will get the full detail of these expenses, the 
nature of these expenses. The same expenses are coming here as well. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question that is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 23 of 31 
 
 
Rohit Sinha: 
So, some of my questions are already answered. Just one for clarity. As you 
say that Specialty Chemicals' volume growth was somewhere 30%, 32%. So 
this is Y-on-Y this is, right? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
 
That's right. Yes. 
 
Rohit Sinha: 
So this Specialty Chemicals definitely includes Diketene business also. So I 
just wanted, with the growth number excluding this Diketene business that 
would be helpful. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Honestly speaking, as we just explained to you in the last question, the 
Diketene business right now is not generating significant revenue. So if 30% 
capacity is utilized, you can assume what is the revenue we are generating. 
If you exclude that also, you might even just get to a 3% deduction in this. 
But still the growth in other products are much higher. 
 
Rohit Sinha: 
Secondly on Acetic Anhydride as you again said here that the volumes were 
much higher. So just wanted to understand from which region we get the 
maximum traction and how much these volumes are sustainable, going 
forward? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, this increase is across, let me explain you. So domestic market as such 
is growing. A lot of new products, a lot of new products customers have 
started manufacturing in India, which were never produced. So overall 
volume requirement of domestic market has gone up. So, we are capturing 
as you know, I said in the last call also that paracetamol now India is the 
leader in producing paracetamol. Earlier, China used to lead that 
production. So, India is capturing more and more market share in global 
market. Same is the situation for agro chemicals, same is the situation for 
any other end use of anhydride. And also in international markets, we are 
capturing our market share because Europe, as in India, European demands 

 
Page 24 of 31 
 
have also gone up, and no other competitor have increased capacity. So we 
have a huge opportunity for increasing our volumes in Europe. 
 
Having said so, even Southeast Asia demand, we are capturing all the 
increased demand globally. So, I would say it's across the regions, not single 
reason because globally, nobody is increasing capacity. Jubilant is the only 
company where we have increased the capacity of anhydride 2 years 
before. And this plant, which will come up in Q4 will be the only capacity 
expansion of anhydride in the global expansion. And as I explained in the 
last call also that one of the new use, which has come in anhydride uses, 
which is food acetylation that in Europe is going up, demand is going up. So 
all that is actually really mixing up in our performance of anhydride, which 
we have been having the clue in the past, and that's the reason we took 
this call of capacity expansion. 
 
Rohit Sinha: 
And lastly, on the raw material procurement, I think we have started getting 
ethanol in the domestic right in this quarter. So apart from that, how has 
been the procurement for ethanol, methanol and any other media, raw 
material part prices we are seeing there? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Ethanol, we are still the major importer from U.S. and Brazil. This domestic 
procurement is very small volume, and that happens on the spot availability 
situation. So sometimes, if the import prices are higher and domestic 
suppliers is sometimes trying to take the volumes and he doesn't have any 
other volume to sell, we buy and that if we get a little cheaper. But that's 
not a strategic purchase. Our strategic purchase is imported alcohol. 
Coming to acetic acid and methanol, we have been saying we have a 
strategic procurement of acetic acid and methanol from global supplier. We 
have multiple suppliers. We have from China; we have from Europe. We 
have from U.S. We have from Asia. So that we keep doing from our 
relationship with multiple suppliers, both methanol and acetic acid. 
 

 
Page 25 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naresh Vaswani from Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Naresh Vaswani: 
So first question on the coal situation, with FSA coal. So, while you said that 
we have a 5-year contract, I wanted to understand the pricing phenomena. 
So how often does the price gets revised? And second question is on the 
CDMO part of your business. So in the annual report, you have highlighted 
that you have 5 molecules in the pharma and 2 in the agro. So I wanted to 
understand whether the 7 molecules will start generating revenues when 
the new capacities come online in the next quarter? And what portion of 
your capacities, your dedicated capacity will be utilized for these 7 
molecules? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So on FSA coal, prices are fixed for 5 years. It is auctioned price once, and it 
is fixed for 5 years. So that's the benefit. So there is no negotiation. There 
is no change in price for 5 years. On your second question on CDMO, there 
is continuous working to improve our pipeline. We explained in earlier calls 
that we had 5 products at commercial scale in pharma and 2 products at 
commercial scale in agro. That number has changed now. We have now 7 
products at commercial scales in pharma and now about 3 products in 
agrochemicals. Now in addition to this, we have almost 10 to 12 products 
in pipeline, which are under development with the customer with pharma, 
and there are about 3 to 4 production agrochemicals. So, this is a 
continuous exercise to offer these new products to customers. 
 
And as and when customers' product gets commercialized, we start 
realizing our revenue. Now in your last question, how much we are utilizing 
capacity, very difficult to give you in percentage of the overall capacity. But 
let me tell you, we are fully utilized all our dedicated CDMO capacities. And 
this is the reason the 2 non-GMP capacities are getting ready in this quarter, 
which again will give us the revenue increase of CDMO business, and the 
demand increase of volumes will be serviced from those new capacities. 

 
Page 26 of 31 
 
And also, GMP, when we will be ready this quarter will be utilized for the 
increased volumes of the existing products as well as these new products 
which we have efficiently comes. 
 
Naresh Vaswani: 
So sir, you expect that given the strong pipeline you have, these capacities 
would get utilized within a short period of time within 2 quarters, let's say? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Absolutely. You are very right. I mean, I would say we always keep some 
extra capacity because CDMO business is a very strong business as of today 
in India for us. So we will keep some extra capacity. And therefore, as we 
have announced in our capital investment plan, if you see, we have one 
more large GMP capacity to be approved, which we will do as soon as we 
realize these volumes, which we will build up this quarter. So it's ongoing. 
We are keeping a very close watch on the demand and take a decision 
promptly to add capacity. 
 
Naresh Vaswani: 
And one last question on this. So, will it be possible for you to tell us what 
contribution within the Specialty Chemicals is driven by the CDMO business 
currently? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
As we have been telling that it is in the, let's say, close to a double-digit 
percentage of our total Specialty Chemicals revenue, which is now going to 
improve significantly when these pipeline products will come. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just 2 quick questions, sir. One, if I look at your Specialty Chemicals business 
and assume the COGS to be only raw materials and power and fuel, 
basically, what would be the ratio between raw material and power and 
fuel in your COGS for Specialty Chemicals only. 
 

 
Page 27 of 31 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, if the cost is INR100, our power and fuel will be in the range. So, it 
depends on the price. Right now, it will be in the range of 15% to 18%. 
Usually, it should be 10% to 15%. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
That is power and fuel, correct? And the rest will be raw material, correct? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. Yes. And this is no 10% to 15% of the cost of the product, not on 
revenue part. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
And second question, sir, I mean, the impact of coal at some point, you 
alluded to about INR140 crore for H1. And the other participants, you 
mentioned that in Q1, it was INR40 crore, INR45 crore. And in the second 
quarter, it was roughly INR50 crore, INR55 crore so INR100 crore. So I think 
I'm a little confused here sir. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, yes. So I explained this, now I explain again. So the impact is 2 parts. 
One is the specific to us that is FSA part. FSA part is almost INR140 crore for 
H1. There is an additional cost increase of coal, which is for everyone. The 
last year, the price was INR6,000 a tonne, Today, it is INR12,000 a tonne. 
That is additional impact to us to the tune of INR70 crore, INR80 crore, but 
that we have already passed on in our pricing. So therefore, just for your 
understanding, you just count this INR140 crore. Forget the other number 
because the other number in any way, we are taking it passing on to our 
pricing. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
So sir, my first question pertains to as you have pointed out in your opening 
remarks that you are parallelly working on some offer in terms of going to 
alternate energy sources. And I have been tracking a lot of companies who 
have already entered into solar contract on OpEx model for next 25 years 

 
Page 28 of 31 
 
at a rate of close to INR5.5 to INR6. And without investing a penny, that is 
something which is available to your competitors also in the northern 
market. So are we thinking something on those lines? And if yes, by when 
we can expect this to flow to us and what percentage we are targeting to, 
let's say, migrate from the coal-based sourcing to, let's say, the renewable 
of the solar power and energy sourcing because it fits in our green team as 
well. So if you could highlight that it would be really helpful. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, first thing is that you are right. Solar is one of the sources, which we are 
very seriously working on. And we already have started solar sourcing in 
one of our sites that is in Maharashtra. We are working very seriously to 
start in Gujarat. We are working very seriously to start in UP. So you are 
very right. That is one of them. Now your second question, what 
percentage? Now as you know that we are generating our own power in 
Gajraula, and we plan to generate our own power in Bharuch. Now to that 
extent, this cost will be cheaper because we'll be generating our own 
power. If we consider all that, our solar percentage, let me give you this 
number a little later. But just be rest assured, we will be doing the best 
possible solar combination in our energy sourcing. And you must have seen 
about 2 or 3 quarters before, we have made an announcement with that 
Neerasourcing. So obviously, gradually, as and when we proceed towards 
the maturity of these discussions, we will bring it up to you. We will inform 
you. 
 
Bajrang Bafna:  
 
So maybe in FY'24, we will have certain portion. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Sorry, I missed that point. So, on timing, you are very right, give us about 9 
months to 12 months. I think we'll be very clear and matured with our mix 
of energy sources. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
And sir, my second question pertains to your Specialty business. If we try 
to understand it, like we are as and when we are able to get the coal cost 

 
Page 29 of 31 
 
under our control, will be back to 20% plus margins, and we are at a base 
of, let's say, INR1,500 crore kind of top line. So now we have earmarked 
Diketene, where we are targeting 100% utilization probably by the end of 
this financial year, then we have 2 projects in the CDMO and the multiple 
purpose CDMO which are going to go operational. So is it this immediate 
near future maybe in next 12 months perspective, where do you see the 
INR1,500 crore base will shift? I know that you have already given a long-
term target of INR9,500 crore top line by FY'26 and close to, let's say, the 
20% kind of margins. But if you want to model it for, let's say, FY'24, where 
this base you expect because you are already entering into certain near to 
long-term contracts. So what is the visibility on the revenue side, will be 
really helpful? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, if you see the revenue side visibility, it's very clear, as we have been 
saying every time that whatever we are making investment. So, let's say, 
we have announced INR900 crore investment already committed. As and 
when these capacities come on ground, we will give return of this asset 
investment to be close to 2 plus so that you can keep adding very, very 
clearly. So, as and when we bring the capacity, that revenue, it takes about 
a year time to bring the capacity utilization to the tune of 70% to 80%, 90%. 
So that time if you give that revenue keep adding. On our volume 
performance, obviously, these capacities we are bringing based on the 
requirement of existing products as well as new products. So just to be rest 
assured that as soon as the capacity comes in few quarters, the capacities 
are really utilized to an optimum level. So that should not be a challenge. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
So I know, sir, this is sort of declarative but just to be precise on the number 
side, can we expect, let's say, on this base of INR1,500 crore by the end of 
Q4 of this year will be at least 15% to 20% higher and maybe next year, 
again, we can build up this kind of growth, especially on the Specialty 
business? 
 

 
Page 30 of 31 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Very difficult to give these guidelines because most of these revenue 
numbers I am really hesitant to give guidelines because revenue is 
impacted based on the input prices. But we can definitely give guidelines 
on volume. So as I said, as soon as the capacities come, we will utilize the 
volume. But what happens to the raw material price, I don't know if you 
have any model, please let us know. We will be building up. But at least we 
don't have any model. Because raw material prices are changing so 
drastically, like methanol is changing, acetic acid is changing. So like acetic 
acid last year ascetic acid was $1,000. Today, ascetic acid is sitting at $550. 
So how can I give guideline on the revenue? 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
You can tell us; volume will also be okay. We don't mind even getting that. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Volume, very clearly, I told you as much investments are coming, those 
volumes will be in 3 to 4 quarters will be utilized. Every investment we are 
making, once it comes on ground, we give a return of asset investment to 
the close to 2 plus. That will happen. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
And just sir, my last question on the B3 side. Yes. Just on the B3 side, can 
we see the stabilization of business from this quarter? Or this still we might 
take 1 or 2 more quarters to get it stabilized? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
I have said it in the last question, in fact somebody asked the same 
question, I said the normalization, we can expect full normalization we can 
expect Q1 next year, but things are improving. This quarter, volumes are 
improving. Next quarter, further volume will include, but full normalization 
will happen in Q1 next year. Having said so, the overall normal situation you 
will see in Q1 only. Because it will take time for inventories to liquidate. It 
will take time for demand to come to the normal position. But things are 
improving. So, from last quarter, this quarter is improving and of course, 
Q4 will also improve. But normal situation, we are very hopeful that Q1 
next year should come. 

 
Page 31 of 31 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will be our last question for today. I 
now hand the conference back to the management for their closing 
comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
We thank you all for joining this call today. We hope we have been able to 
answer your queries. For further clarification, we will request you to 
contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you once again for your interest 
in Jubilant Ingrevia. We wish everyone a very happy and prosperous Diwali. 
May the coming days add warmth and joy to you and your sunny lives. 
Wishing safe celebration to you all. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
