 
 
Ref.No. AAVAS/SEC/2022-23/652 
Date: October 31, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in reference to letter number AAVAS/SEC/2022-23/604 dated 
October 10, 2022, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on 
the financial and operational performance of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2022 held on Friday, October 21, 2022. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.aavas.in/investor-relations/investor-intimation 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
  For Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
 
Sharad Pathak 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(FCS-9587) 
To,  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
The Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: AAVAS   
To,  
BSE Limited  
Dept. of Corporate Services  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 541988 
SHARAD 
PATHAK
Digitally signed by 
SHARAD PATHAK 
Date: 2022.10.31 
12:26:07 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Aavas Financiers Limited Q2 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUSHIL KUMAR AGARWAL - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
& CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - AAVAS FINANCIERS 
LIMITED 
MR. GHANSHYAM RAWAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
- AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
 MR. GHANSHYAM GUPTA – INVESTOR RELATIONSHIP 
OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aavas Financials Limited Q2 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sushil Kumar Agarwal, MD & CEO. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Good afternoon everybody. Thank you for participating on the earning call to discuss the 
performance of our company for Q2 and H1 FY2023. With me I have Mr. Ghanshyam 
Rawat, CFO, Mr. Ghanshyam Gupta, Investor Relationship Officer and other senior 
member of the management team and SGA, our investor relationship advisor. The results in 
the presentations are available on the stock exchanges as well as our company website and I 
hope everyone has had a chance to look at it. I am happy to inform you that during the 
quarter, the company’s long term credit rating was updated from AA minus positive outlook 
to AA stable outlook by CARE in line with the ICRA. I take this opportunity to thank all 
our stakeholders for their continued trust and support. After witnessing 90-basis point 
increase in repo rate in first quarter, RBI has further increased the repo rate by 100-basis 
points during the second quarter. 
 
Consequently, we have also increased our prime lending rate by 75-basis point during H1 
FY2023 and further increase of 50-basis point with effect from October 5, 2022. For Q2 
FY2023 we disbursed Rs.1146.7 Crores registering a 27% year-on-year growth and 
achieving 89% of the disbursement done in seasonally strong Q4 last year. We continue to 
grow in a calibrated manner and registered AUM growth of 24% as of September 2022. 
While maintaining our operating metrics we have delivered PAT growth of 29% year-on-
year for H1 FY2023. With our continued focus on collections, one plus DPD stood at 
4.45% with an improvement of 22-basis point from first quarter. 90 day past due stood at 
0.93% in September 2022, but we have also categorized 0.17% of up to 90 day past-due 
asset as gross NPA or Gross Stage 3 following RBI notification dated November 12, 2021 
to harmonize IRACP norms across all lending institutions. As a result, total Gross Stage 3 is 
1.10% in September 2022. We will continue our strategy of controlling early delinquencies 
and strive to maintain 1+ DPD below 5% and 90 day past-due below 1%. I would now hand 
over the line to Mr. Ghanshyam, CFO to discuss various business parameters in detail. 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you Sushil Ji. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to our earning call. 
During the quarter, company borrowed an incremental amount of Rs.9467 million at 7.55% 
as of September 2022, our average cost of borrowing stood at 6.99% on an outstanding 
amount of Rs.109711 million. During the quarter, our long term rating was upgraded by 
CARE from AA-/positive outlook to AA stable. While ICRA continued to maintain long 
term credit rating AA stable despite the highest short term rating A1 plus, we continued to 
maintain zero exposure to commercial papers as a prudent borrowing practice. IGAAP to 
Ind-AS reconciliation has been explained in detail for profit after tax and net worth on slide 
#31 and #33 of our presentation. 
 
Key parameters. As on September 30, 2022 total number of live account stood at Rs.166639 
that is 23% year-on-year growth, total number of branches was 321, 24 new branches added 
in last 12 months. Employee count 5702, 23% year-on-year growth. Asset under 
management grew 24% year-on-year to Rs.125437 million as on September 30, 2022. 
Product-wise breakup: home loan 70.9%, other mortgage loans 29.1%; occupation-wise 
breakup: salaried 39.8%, self-employed 60.2%. Disbursements increased by 27.2% year-on-
year to Rs.11467 million for Q2 FY2023 and 64.2% year-on-year to Rs.22404 million for 
H1 FY2023. As on September 30, 2022, average borrowing cost of 6.99% against an 
average portfolio yield of 12.85% resulted in spread at 5.86%. 
 
Borrowings: access to diversified and cost-effective long-term financing, strong relationship 
with development financial institutions. During the half year, we borrowed Rs.18451 
million at an average rate of 6.62%. Overall borrowing mix as on September 30, 2022 is 
41.8% from term loans, 23% from assignment and securitization, 20.5% from National 
Housing Bank, 14.7% from debt capital markets.  
 
Now Assets Quality and Provisioning: 1 day past due stood at 4.45%, Gross Stage 3 stood 
at 1.10%, Net Stage 3 stood at 0.84% as on September 30, 2022; Gross Stage 3 of 1.10% 
includes 0.17% up to 90 day DPD assets, which have been categorized as GNPA following 
RBI notification dated November 12, 2021. During FY2022, resolution plan was 
implemented for certain borrower accounts as per RBI’s Resolution Framework 2.0 dated 
May 5, 2021. Some such accounts with an outstanding amount of Rs. 1012.5 million as on 
September 30, 2022 have been classified as Stage 2 and provided for as per the regulatory 
guidelines. The ECL provisioning including that for COVID-19 impact as well as 
Resolution Framework 2.0 stood at Rs. 649.1 million as on September 30, 2022. 
 
Liquidity of Rs.28370 million as on September 30, 2022, cash and cash equivalent of 
Rs.13270 million, un-availed CC limit of Rs.1100 million, document un-availed sanction 
limited from other banks Rs.14000 million.  

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Profitability: PAT increased by 29% year-on-year to Rs.1962.6 million for H1 FY2023. 
ROA was 3.42%, ROE was 13.44% for H1 FY2023. As on September 30, 2022, we are 
well capitalized with a net worth of Rs.30314 million, book value per share stood at 
Rs.383.6. With this, now I open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and 
answer session. First question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Good afternoon Sushil ji and Ghanshyam ji. I hope both of 
you are doing well. First thing that I wanted to understand is the absolute increase in your 
Stage 3b which is greater than 90 DPD and is now up 50% in the last two quarters, just 
wanted to understand are these loans which have slipped from your restructured pool or are 
these customers who have defaulted because their EMIs have increased when you increased 
your PLR and related question here is, from your past experience you think that there is a 
need for the industry to be worried about higher delinquencies in the affordable housing 
segment when the EMI of the customer is increased. 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: You are asking from Q4 last year to Q2 this year? 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Yes. 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: I think we are normally in 1% here and there and now from April 1, 2022 we have stock 
mark in cases AFS which was earlier whenever any asset repossessed in the sarfaesi, we 
used to mark AFS and it will go away, but now AFL will remain in the book, so this 
amount is an addition, otherwise it is around 0.9. Secondly, the old AFS book we hope it 
will also get over so we thought we should be more conservative on that aspect and this is 
why this number is looking like this. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Understood Sir, now we do not classify any assets that we repossessed as AFS they are still 
classified as stage 3. 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Yes. That amount is Rs.12 Crores. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Related to question that I asked that when the EMI of the customer is increased, is 
the reason to be worried that it can lead to higher delinquencies in the affordable housing 
segment? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: It is a cycle, we give 20 years loan sometimes it gets higher but mostly tenure based, the 
tenure will go up and down, very few cases where we need to increase the EMI of the 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
customers also that is I think less than 1% or 2%, so I do not think so there is a much impact 
of that in the portfolio and we have seen this cycle two to three times in the last 12 years. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Understood. Sir, my question was on the opex, just trying to understand that this elevated 
opex or cost to income ratio is it really a function of higher wages since that attrition in the 
industry especially at the field level is really high or is it more a function of your investment 
in branches and technology which you have not really officially opened yet and once it 
should be officially opened branches, which will be opened in the second half of this fiscal 
year, but expenditure you have already incurred in the first half itself? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: I have already mentioned in the last call also that for this year opex will be a little high and 
going forward in coming years then the leverage will come into the balance sheet, this year 
we are spending a lot much amount on the digital transformation and last quarter, we started 
implementing LOS which is SFDC and now we have signed up for LMS which is core 
banking system, so we are moving core banking system FLEXCUBE which is by the large 
bank like HDFC and AU and for accounting software also which is now called ERP in the 
banking parlance, so we are shifting to Oracle Fusion which is used by the large banks like 
Kotak and 10 Lac kind of balance sheet. So once this will be implemented we have already 
given six to nine months or either it will take for implementation of this. Secondly, we 
continue to do investment and this year again we will open 35 branches. First half, the 
branches which are already opened are around 7, now in second half most of the branches 
will also be opened. Thirdly, we are also investing in manpower and leadership keeping in 
mind five or seven year horizon, also now that we are at the stage of like Rs.12500 Crores 
and in next three years if the balance sheet gets double, so we are also spending money for 
leadership development like this year we have tied up with IIM Ahmedabad we have our 35 
officers got that training and certification and this will be a second line, third line creation in 
the organization, so I think continuous investment in people process and technology, but 
technology, the one big change which will complete in the next six to nine months from 
next year onwards, the opex trajectory will also help us in getting optimization. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you Sushil Ji, very good to hear that we are spendi ng or investing in manpower and 
the carrier progression of the leadership team. The last question that I had is that have you 
availed any NHB borrowings in the first half of this fiscal year and looking at the sanction 
that you have on your expecting from NHB what is the impact on spreads and margins that 
you foresee in the second half of this fiscal year, Sushil ji, what I am trying to understand is 
today there are two schools of thoughts, one says it is okay if there is some spread and 
margin compression, but we want to focus overall growth while another school of thought 
is we want to maintain the current spreads and margins that we have, so how are we 
thinking about these two things. 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: In Q1, we have borrowed around Rs.400 Crores, Q2, we have not borrowed any money 
from NHB, but recently we have got sanctioned of around Rs.900 Crores from NHB for the 
next fiscal year. As a CEO may be we want to attain both, we can achieve growth also and 
we can maintain our spreads and even the growth in our narrated trajectory 22% to 25%, we 
are already at 24% and at the same time we are able to maintain our spread and profitability, 
as in the ALCO and board meeting, we continuously review what impact we will have, 
because there are three kind of asset liability risk, but in tenure wise, one is fixed and 
floating wise, one is earning at risk wise and we have forecasted that next three to six 
months how much price impact will get on borrowing . In accordance with that we have 
announced that October 5, we are raising our prime lending rate by 50-basis point, so next 
till December 31, whatever things we were able to envisage as a board and as a 
management team on the borrowing side, we have taken into account and accordingly the 
price, the assets for variable size. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
This is very, very useful. That is all from my side. Thank you Sushil ji and wish you and 
your team a very happy Deepawali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Karthik Chellappa from Buena 
Vista Fund Management. Please go ahead. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Good afternoon Sushil ji and Ghanshyam ji. I 
have three questions. The first one is, what would be your labor attrition rate in the second 
quarter and across the industry it seems that the attrition rate especially at the field staff 
level has remained high, you talked about few measures as far as let us say tieing up with 
IIM Ahmedabad etc., but at a field staff level what initiatives are you planning to improve 
this attrition that is my first question. 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Thankfully, Anshul joined us around six months back and as a organization we have kept 
one of the key operating metrics which needs to be tracked is employee attrition, so we took 
the target that can we reduce it by 50% and I am happy to announce that Q2 we have been 
able to significantly reduce our attrition rate in comparison to Q1 this year and half year last 
year, so the measures which we have taken at the ground level in terms of training, in terms 
of incentive level changes, now we are focusing and we are creating a result of contribute 
performers and everybody should contribute and we are going for performance increment, 
so earlier we used to see everybody on one scale, now we are seeing if somebody 50 can be 
moved into 75 level, if somebody 75 can be moved into 100 level, if somebody is doing 100 
can be moved into 125 levels and I think that has helped as organization though we are not 
at the range where we wanted to be, but we are happy with the success we have got in the 
last four to five months after all our efforts on this particular piece. 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Just one clarification Sushil ji, you said the second quarter, labor attrition rate is down 
significantly, could you give us some number or a range by how much is down? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Around 20% down. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
The second question Sushil ji, as far as your payment medium mix is concerned, have you 
noticed any notable change let us say away from mediums like NACH to either wallets or 
using UPI in the last couple of quarters? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: When we give the loan, we ensure that digital payment through NACH only and any 
customer which bounces then we give the customer option either to pay through UPI, 
wallet, chat, cash, online, website, different options, but our 100% incremental lending is 
supported by NACH, the repayment option. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Even when it bounces you have not noticed any change in payment through UPI, is it like 
when your bounce rates go up or so people opt for UPI immediately, you have not noticed 
any such pattern yet? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Anyway 1+ number is very less, so wallet to UPI, yes, there is a change but overall number 
is so less that is not significant to talk about. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
My last question Sushil ji, basically on the economics of the sector itself, what we notice 
even for Aavas as well as other industry participants, in the last few quarters, the opex 
growth has been higher than the AUM growth. In your case of course there are very specific 
initiatives whether in IT platforms or training etc, but this is a trend that we generally 
observe. Now given where spreads are and given the interest rate outlook, would it be fair 
to say that going forward, the PPOP growth will to some extent lag the AUM growth and if 
not what are the other levers that you have to actually ensure that growth is more or less in 
sync? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: I am in sync with what you are saying, but I want to throw some number here. Q1 to Q2 net 
income has increased 16%, opex has increased 12% and profit has increased around 20%, 
so the jaws chart increase in income, but vis-à-vis increase in opex, we are already in that 
trajectory that thing is coming up, once we have seen cumulative number H1, it is looking 
like this, so at Aavas we are cognizant of this and though we are investing in people process 
and technology and with the huge amount, but still Q2 is showing that we are already in that 
what you can say jaws chart favorable for the Aavas. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
That is all from my side. Thank you very much Sushil ji and Ghanshyam ji and wish you 
and your team a very, very Happy Diwali and all the best for the remaining quarters. 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Good afternoon Sushil ji and Ghanshyam ji. Firstly with respect to the repricing as we 
clearly see in terms of almost Rs.7500 Crores odd, Rs.7200 Crores is a floating rate loan 
and Rs.5300 on a fixed side, so when we increase this and lending rates by say 75-basis 
points and another 50-odd basis points, when do we see this repricing getting reflected in 
this Rs.7200 Crores book, a monthly reset or may be quarterly one? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
As we announced we published a date of effective also, like this 50-basis will be effective 
from October 5, so it will have impact from October 5 itself on a floating loan book. As far 
as fixed rate book, we have contractual agreement for each and every borrower, every three 
year, suffix with contract also get repriced like in the month of October around 1300 fixed 
rate account which sanctioned three year back got repriced, so every year certain fixed rate 
book gets repriced. 
Kunal Shah: 
It would be fair to say that just Rs.7200 Crores odd x of disbursement which have been 
done in this quarter or may be the last quarter besides that the entire book would get reprice 
by 125-basis point from October 5, cumulatively? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
October 5, we have announced 50-basis points? 
Kunal Shah: 
And earlier 75? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
75 which we have announced earlier as 25-basis points and then 50-basis points those gets 
effective those days. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got that and when we are seeing this may be this behavior of this 7200, because we are 
relatively on a higher side with respect to passing on the rates compared to that of other 
affordable housing finance companies, so any change in terms of the BT-out or something 
may be when we did this 75-basis, because many players have not yet increased it? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: On that side also the positive news, our BT-out have come down, so earlier it was around 
0.6% per month which has reduced to now 0.5%, but 0.6% count as a 7% to 8% on a yearly 
basis, now the current run rate is going 0.5% or below so that is significant for next 12 
months if everything will be in control, it is less than 6%, so there are also we are on a 
positive side. 
Kunal Shah: 
And lastly again touching upon may be in terms of the growth, so when we look at it in 
terms of the traction, it still seems to lag with the industry peers and there is huge amount of 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
investment which is happening, so when do we actually see the productivity improvement 
as well and may be given the kind of branch network, employee network that we have, in 
fact we should get back to in terms of disbursement per branch, we could see a significant 
improvement? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: As a company, we are okay with growth of 20% to 25%, we are already on 24% plus 
trajectory, so I do not think so there is a challenge on that side, I do not see from industry 
peers also when we were at the size of industry peers our growth was more than 40%, at 
current AUM size, we are okay with 20% to 25% growth consistently year-on-year with 
maintaining asset quality and maintaining operating metric. 
Kunal Shah: 
And one last question was with respect to securitization, so we have adequate liquidity may 
be in terms of securitization momentum compared to that of the previous years, it seems to 
be on a higher side, so would we see this may be in the second half should we assume that 
the run rate could be relatively lower if I have to look at on a full year basis, is it like, for 
similar run rate might continue? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Ghanshyam will reply, but as a company, as an organization, overall ratio has not changed, 
overall 20% of book is assigned as a organization and we are into that trajectory as a 
company as of H1 FY2023 also, so I do not think so there is a challenge or the change in 
the strategy from the company on that side. 
Kunal Shah: 
In the last 2023-2025 also. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Sushil has just covered very well, last year we have done a full year basis Rs.780 Crores, 
this year whatever we see growth in the AUM, similar growth you can see in the 
assignment also, no strategy changed. It is only one quarter, two quarter here and there, that 
becomes because of what opportunity and what price we get from banks and institutions. 
Kunal Shah: 
Thanks and all the best and wish you a very Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Good afternoon and thank you for giving me the opportunity. Sir, my question was firstly 
on the yield side, so we have already taken three rate hikes that is 25-basis point was in 
June, 50 was in August and recently like we will be taking 60-basis point, but just wanted to 
understand what are the rates that it would be prevailing for HL and LAP so if you could 
give some range there and what would be the differential between the two? 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Our HL pricing is around 11.7% to 12% and non-HL rates are from 14% to 14.25% 
average. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
New business rate. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
These are the related ones right? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
New business. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
With respect to the asset held for sale, the line item that we had in the balance sheet, so I 
guess in the annual report that gross number was Rs.30 Crores, now like you highlighted to 
another participant that you have already incorporated to the stage 3 number, so that number 
has come down significantly or is it like? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: As on March 31, it was 29.21 and after provisioning it was 24, now this is 19 after 
provisioning and we have lot many cases, EMD received so we will see significant 
reduction this quarter also in this number, hopefully by year end this will be mostly 25% of 
the opening pool, rest everything will be disposed off. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Okay, you said that this number has been added to stage 3? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: From April 1, whatever AFS get done, we are not marking that as AFS, so only opening 
pool will come down and new AFS as a stage 3. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Okay, got it. Just wanted to understand the logic behind this, why do we have it as a 
separate heading in the balance sheet, because I just wanted to understand there is a logic 
behind this? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
There is nothing, anything big aspect, it is a normal accounting policy which we adopted six 
year back now as Sushil ji mentioned in early remarks, it has become more prudent, more 
conservative accounting policy, so we are keeping any AFS new assets as NPA, and the old 
one as Sushil ji mentioned we are accelerating our disposal off those assets from today to 
six to nine months or 12 months timeframe, it will be get disposed off. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. One last question, what is the employee based number that we have for the Q2 end 
and just another question in relation to that, is that we have something called manpower 
contracts which is part of the other opex if I am right, so why do we have contractual 
employees when our entire thought processes is to sort of source internally and also collect 
manually? 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: There are two kind of people with our contract. One is admin office boys and telecalling 
staff, second, in the sale side also, the fresh persons who come we first make them work 
under contractual role and keep them for one year. If they perform well we shift them on 
company roll and if they do not perform then we let them go. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
The employee based number if you can share? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: 5702. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you so much and Happy Diwali to the entire team and good luck for the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shweta Daptardar from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Thank you Sir for the opportunity. Couple of questions, if I look disbursement front, the 
first half itself you have for that 11.5 million in that number and I remember you mentioned 
in last time second half seemed to be seasonally stronger, so do you see the overall growth 
metric and also you have mentioned the growth target to be in the range of 20 to 25, are you 
view it in terms of leverage a little bit that is my first question? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Overall last year, we disbursed Rs.3600 Crores and this year in the first half itself we have 
already disbursed around Rs.2300 Crores, mostly in a normal year 40% to 45% in first half 
and another 55% to 60% in second half, so if you will go by the trajectory, the numbers you 
can calculate which should be significantly higher than the last years number, so this kind 
of growth is appropriate for over 20% to 25% kind of AUM growth as well. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Your provision, if you could throw some color on that, have they normalized in the first 
place and the run rate or provisions on quarterly basis, because number is looking lower 
since last quarter now, so how do you see this going forward? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Shweta, you are asking for 1+ number? 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Yes, I am talking about provision. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Risk provisioning, you are talking about? 
Shweta Daptardar: 
P&L provision. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
We did not got the complete question, I will try to elaborate, Q1 to Q2 risk provisions, yes, 
last two years we have seen a COVID period, certain extra provision was built up and those 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
assets now has come in a normal life like for COVID I, September 20 was the last date, 
when the normal cycle was started, those pool are now shown maturity in the last two years, 
so after that now those provisions are going as a normal cycle basically. So we as such 
gross NPA around 1% and one day past-due already is less than 5%, so we are adequately 
created our provisions and we do not see any much change in our provisioning trend. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Fair point Sir. One last question, in one of the previous participant reply you mentioned that 
out of this 5300 Crores fixed side, Rs.1300 Crores is something which is on the verge of 
reset this year? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: We are not getting your questions, audible either you will rejoin call then again come in the 
queue. We are not getting your questions properly. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
My question was on Rs.5300 Crores fixed side book, is out of that Rs.1300 Crores which is 
getting reset this year, you mentioned that every three years your fixed book gets reset. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
You are right. Whatever contract I think we disburse three year back, let us say I will give 
you example. In the month of October 22, the loan which is sanctioned at fixed rate in 
October 2020 that book will come to reset in October 2022 so on and so forth, it will 
continue. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
This year that amount is Rs.1300 Crores odd? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Simply you cannot take one-third, 25% is better to assume, those year disbursement 
definitely will be lower than what is there, 25% you can take fair side. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Maheshwary from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Good evening. Thank you for the question. Just two questions. Sushil ji, can you give some 
color on the opex side, the kind of growth that is taking place means when can we expect 
with the same through start building in terms of the same gross per employee expense and 
other opex, where are the parts where such kind of high growth or the investment is taking 
place and second question on the MSME license when can we expect, can you throw some 
color on that part also? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: NBFC license is pending with RBI, we cannot comment when it is going to come, so on 
that part we cannot do any commentary. On the first part, on the opex side, we have already 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
mentioned that this quarter itself again, the revenue increase versus opex increase is less so 
we are already in the positive jaws chart, but we have already told that this year because of 
high investment in technology and some of the leadership development, opex might be 
high, but since we are having, we are maintaining high spread, we thought we can invest 
and once all these things we will be maintained in six to nine months, we will see again the 
downward trend of opex to AUM and all those ratios, but this quarter itself we got positive 
jaws on that balance sheet number. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Just to break this, in case of percentage of mix where it is going in opex compared to 
volume growth technology spends and the branch expansion, can you break it down in 
terms of where the quality of investments or opex is going for Aavas? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Branch expansion is a normal phenomenon, every year we have opened 35 branches, 
normally we start building up from Q2 and the admin team starts giving delivery of 
completed branches from Q3 and Q4, but that is a normal phenomenon. This is the very 
large investment after seven, eight years in the company, the range is approx Rs.100 Crores, 
we need to say wide kind of amount we will be able to capitalize because now most of the 
things are on cloud and annual subscription basis, mostly will be there and same time we 
are also building the capability, now we are at almost Rs.400 Crores to Rs.500 Crores per 
month run rate and giving that number for next three years visibility is already there in the 
system. We have successfully done the transition of business with new Business head 
joined in June and entire process was so smooth. All these three aspects are there, but 
mostly it will be technology and leadership development side. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
What is the attrition rate at the junior level people who are at the branches which has just 
come after the transmission of being into contract labour, can you give specific range what 
are the attrition? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: I do not have at this point of time, but we will get back to you on this number, but yesterday 
in the board we have seen one presentation, we our attrition had significantly dropped this 
quarter around 20% on that side. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Just second question which was asked on the MSME license, everything from our side has 
been represented to the RBI only, where the gap is there means in terms of…. 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: All those things we will have because everything is with the regulator we cannot disclose at 
this point of time, anything come from their side, we will anyway publish for everybody. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Thank you so much and Happy Diwali to the entire team. 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Good afternoon Sir. Congrats on quarter. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, our loan yield 
between Q4 and Q2 was up only 20-bps, 12.65%, 12.85%, but we increased our rates at 75-
bps and 60%, 70% of our loan book is floating, so what explains this? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Like we started 12.65, we now as a 12.85%, roughly 55% floating to where immediately get 
pass on, if we take 75-basis point on around 55% floating, it is roughly increased to be let 
us say 35-38 basis points, but 17-basis point obviously got lost in a certain asset we put on 
retention, assets come for balance transfer, we found that these assets is a worthwhile to 
retain these assets to be offer them competitive price also sometime give us some reduction 
in overall AUM yield, so on that account we lost around 10 or 12-basis point or new asset 
generation is usually picking up and chasing AUM yield basically, so that also have some 
hit on a overall basis, so 20-basis point increase in AUM on account of increase and 
roughly 17-basis point we lost. 
Piran Engineer: 
0.5% per month is our BT-out this is what actually happens, what would be like the BT-out 
applications and how much are you able to let us say resolve by offering lower rate? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Every time in BT retention, always there might not be scenario where we need to reduce the 
rate, sometime customer comes for top up, sometimes customer come for some other 
problems also, so normally around 1% to 1.25% kind of applications come in every month 
and we have a very strong team and DNA at the branch level, branch head level and 
everybody KRA is linked to the customer that good customer should always be with us, so 
out of 1.25% around 0.25% to 0.3% customers where we want them to go, because they 
will then continuous delinquency or CIBIL score already reduced between 300 to 600, 
another 0.5% may be 60%, 40%, 60% may need to offer the rate, 40% we need to offer 
either grievance redressal or maybe if they want some top up, we provide that. 
Piran Engineer: 
Got it and Sir just one very basic questions, if I take a fixed rate loan or a floating rate loan 
at one point in time, is the rate the same? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
No, rate is differ, on a fixed rate product roughly 200 to 300-basis point higher rate. 
Piran Engineer: 
Irrespective of the cycle? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Irrespective of the cycle. 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Piran Engineer: 
Can you tell me 11.7% home loan rate starting that is for floating and if I take fixed it will 
be around 13.5%, 14%? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: On variable side, it is around 10%, on fixed side it is around 12%. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
12% plus for home loan, non-home loan it goes above 14% to 17%, 18%. 
Piran Engineer: 
Floating rate home loan starts at around 10%? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Floating rate starts at around 9%. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
10%, 12%. 
Piran Engineer: 
Sorry. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
It has started 9%, but it goes let us say 10.5%, 11% average was at around 10%, 10.25% for 
retail, home loan, floating book. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay you said 11.7% to 12% that is for fixed rate, is it? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
As Sushil ji mentioned in home loan book, as on Q2 it is 11.9% which is total for fixed & 
floating both. 
Piran Engineer: 
Outstanding, got it. That is all from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mona Khetan: 
Good evening. I just had one question. If you could share the breakup of your loan book by 
ticket side, of what share of loans are 10 lakh share of loan between 10 to 25 lakh ticket size 
and above 25 lakh ticket size? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: I think around 72% customers are less than 10 lakh, in terms of number of customers, about 
23% are between 10 to 25 lakh ticket size and for more than 25 lakhs it is around 4% to 5% 
customers. 

 
 
                    Aavas Financiers Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay and just a follow up on the previous question on fixed versus floating, is it fair to say 
that for a certain customer profile, if one has to choose between fixed and floating, the 
differential on average would be 200 to 300-bps? 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Yes. 
Mona Khetan: 
At any point of the cycle. 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Yes. 
Mona Khetan: 
Thank you. That is all from my side and all the best. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Which is as of now, the trade practice which we have adopted. But if interest scenario goes 
haywire this policy, if required we can change the metric at ALCO level and board can 
approve change in policy also. 
Mona Khetan: 
Thank you. 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: If the market dynamic change in a rising interest rate scenario, so obviously we have to 
bound to change our policy around that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints that was the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sushil Kumar Agarwal: Thank you all for attending the call. I wish you very Happy Diwali and festivity and hope 
everybody keep safety and health as a priority. For any further information, we request you 
to get in touch with Ghanshyam Gupta, our Investor Relationship Officer or SGA, our 
investor relationship advisor, they would be happy to help you. Thank you all. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you everyone and wish you Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf 
of Aavas Financiers Limited we conclude this conference call. Thank you all for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
