Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: October 31, 2022
The Manager
The Manager
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1
Dalal Street
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750
Symbol: IEX
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors held on
October 21, 2022.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the earnings
conference call held with analysts and investors on October 21, 2022, at 02:30 pm (IST)
to discuss the financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended
September 30, 2022.
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company:
www.iexindia.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
Digitally signed by: VINEET 
HARLALKA
DN: CN = VINEET 
HARLALKA C = IN O = 
Personal
Date: 2022.10.31 16:15:36 +
05'30'
VINEET 
HARLALKA

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
 
“Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
Q2 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATYANARAYAN GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
MR. VINEET HARLALKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL  
OFFICER – INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
MR. ROHIT BAJAJ – HEAD BUSINESS  
DEVELOPMENT – INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
MS. APARNA GARG – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
AND CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS – INDIAN 
ENERGY EXCHANGE 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUMIT KISHORE – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies, and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call of Indian Energy Exchange hosted by Axis 
Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance, during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you, Michelle. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm pleased to welcome 
you all for the Indian Energy Exchange Q2 FY '23 Earnings Conference 
Call. We have with us the management team of IEX, which is 
represented by Mr. S.N. Goel, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. 
Vineet Harlalka, CFO, Mr. Rohit Bajaj, Head Business Development, 
Ms. Aparna Garg, Head Investor Relations, and Corporate 
Communications 
We will begin with the opening remarks from Mr. Goel, followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Satyanarayan Goel: Good afternoon, friends, and welcome to the Earnings Call for Quarter 
2 of Financial Year 2023. Joining me today are Mr. Vineet Harlalka, our 
CFO and Company Secretary, Mr. Amit Kumar, Head of Market 
Operations and Product Development; Mr. Sangh Gautam, CTO; Mr. 
Samir Prakash, CHRO, Ms. Aparna Garg, Head of Investor Relations 
and Communications and Mr. Archit Gupta. 
India recently surpassed UK to become the world's fifth largest economy 
and is now steadily heading towards becoming a 5 trillion-dollar 
economy. Further, the Indian economy continues to gain traction and is 
expected to become the third largest by the end of this decade.  

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
On the quarterly economic update, despite the global headwinds, the 
Manufacturing PMI stood at 55.1 in September 2022 and 56.2 in August 
2022. The Services PMI was 54.3 in September 2022, and 57.2 in 
August 2022. Services PMI indicated a 13th straight month of expansion 
in the month of August 2022. We witnessed a mild reduction in PMI in 
September as compared to August due to subdued increase in new orders 
and an increase in input costs. For FY’23, the Indian economy is 
expected to grow by 6.8% as per IMF. 
During the quarter, the electricity consumption at 385BU registered a 
growth of 6% YoY. The peak demand at 200GW declined marginally 
by 1% YoY. The surge in overall consumption was driven by the 
increase in economic activities.  
The total installed capacity as on September 30th stood at 408GW 
registering a growth of 5% YoY. The renewable energy capacity is 
steadily growing, and its contribution today stands at 165GW, which is 
40% of the total capacity. It is evident that the nation is advancing 
towards a carbon neutral economy by 2070 and achieve 50% clean 
energy share by 2030. 
Unfortunately, led by geo-political disruptions, the global energy crisis 
continued in this quarter resulting in high prices of e- auction coal, 
imported coal and gas. During the quarter, while the prices of e-auction 
coal witnessed a lower increase of 293% on YoY basis as compared to 
an increase of 376% YoY in Q1FY23, it was still a significant rise. This 
led to high cost of power generation for IPP’s. Similarly, during the 
quarter, the imported coal prices (HBA Index) and the gas prices also 
continued to increase by 145% YoY and 168% YoY respectively, a 
lower increase as compared to Q1FY’23, but a significant increase on 
YoY basis. To manage the power crisis Government of India reduced 
supply of coal through e-auction and increased supply of coal to Gencos 
with long term PPAs. The e-auction coal quantity declined by 63% YoY 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
to 17MT in the first five months of FY23. As a result, there was increase 
in the e-auction prices, and decline in the availability of e-auction coal. 
Therefore, the input cost for Gencos increased significantly and forced 
some of them to shut their operations temporarily, leading to increase in 
prices on the exchange. The average Day Ahead Market price increased 
to Rs 5.40 per unit during the quarter as against Rs 4.14 in Q2 of FY’22. 
A large part of the sell volumes, i.e around 65% were contributed by 
discoms, which sold the additional power only after meeting their own 
demand.  
We are now witnessing a gradual improvement in the coal situation in 
India as the Government is proactively taking various initiatives to curb 
the increasing input costs. During the quarter, the domestic coal 
production increased by 10% YoY and the dispatch to the energy sector 
grew by 11% YoY. Further, to cater the increasing demand and reduce 
dependency on imported coal, the Government envisions to further 
increase the domestic coal production.  
The improving coal situation is leading to an increase in power 
generation thereby increase sell liquidity and reduce the electricity 
prices on the exchange from Rs 5.40/unit during the quarter to Rs 
3.85/unit in the first 10 days of Oct 2022. However, despite the 
substantial reduction in prices, these prices still do not provide 
replacement opportunity for discoms, and are not encouraging open 
access purchases. Going forward, we expect further correction in prices 
on the Exchange which will result in an increase in volumes on the 
Exchanges. 
As part of the government’s thrust towards transforming the power 
sector in the country, several regulatory and policy reforms were 
implemented. Some of the noteworthy initiatives for this quarter are: 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
Late Payment Surcharge and Related Matters Rules 2022 – These rules 
have the provisions for rationalization of late payment surcharge. 
Further, generating companies are free to sell un-requisitioned power 
through Power Exchanges without obtaining any consent which will 
improve sell liquidity, whereas timely payments will ensure financial 
discipline in the sector.  
Electricity (Amendment) Bill, 2022 – The Bill proposes to introduce 
multiple Discoms in a supply area which will promote private 
participation, better service, and improvement in financial health of 
distribution sector. 
The MoP issued proposal on High Price Day Ahead Market (HP-DAM) 
segment which will facilitate generators with a high variable cost 
exceeding Rs. 12 per unit to participate in the exchange market. This 
will ensure availability of power during high demand period even at 
slightly higher cost. This market is expected to be launched by early next 
month. 
Draft Electricity Amendment Rules 2005 – The proposal seeks 
procurement of renewable energy through a central pool mechanism. 
The proposal also includes the framing of the Resource Adequacy 
Guidelines by the central government to create opportunities for the 
introduction of capacity markets.  
Energy Conservation Act Amendment Bill 2022 – This amendment 
aims to establish a carbon market in the country and has already been 
passed in the Lok Sabha. 
CERC also notified GNA regulations during the quarter and issued draft 
sharing regulations and grid code. In this regard, hearings have already 
taken place. GNA is expected to be implemented by 1st Jan 2023. 
Implementation of GNA will be more conducive towards market 
development within the country. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
All these initiatives will go a long way in the creation of a conducive 
environment for the power market in general and will contribute 
significantly towards deepening of the exchange market in the country. 
Coming to IEX updates, during quarter 2 FY'23, IEX achieved 
23,121MU of volume, of which 19,731MU and 1,476 MU were 
contributed by the conventional power market and the Green Market 
segments, respectively. The REC Market traded 19.14 lakh certificates, 
which equals to a volume of 1,914MU.  
During the quarter total volumes declined by 11% YoY. However, 
during H1FY23 declined marginally by 2% with respect to 1H FY’22. 
The volumes declined on account of supply side disruptions. 
On a standalone basis, due to a decline in traded volumes, revenue for 
Q2FY23 declined to Rs. 113.8 Cr. witnessing a de-growth of 6% YoY. 
The PAT declined by 10.3% YoY to Rs. 70.1 Cr. with a margin of 
61.6%. However, revenue is flat and PAT increased by 2.1% on QoQ 
basis. 
The timely interventions of the Indian government to raise the domestic 
production of coal has drastically improved the coal inventory. With a 
rationalization of power prices on the Exchange, the volumes are 
expected to improve, and we expect to end the fiscal year on a stronger 
note. 
With customer centricity at the core of our operations, we continue to 
improve the customer experience on our platform, in addition to 
enabling flexibility, transparency and a competitive price discovery, we 
are constantly working towards designing innovative products and 
services to meet the varied requirements of our participants. In this 
regard, we continue to append our bouquet of products and I’m delighted 
to share with you all that we have successfully added daily contracts 
upto 90 days, weekly contracts for upto 12 weeks and monthly contracts 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
for upto a period of 3 months to our existing Longer Duration Contracts 
portfolio. Our members have shown significant interest in this segment, 
and once prices normalize, we expect to witness similar growth in LDC 
as we have seen in case of RTM and Green markets. With the interest 
shown by the participants, our new products now constitute nearly 40% 
of the total traded volume of electricity on the exchange. 
Now, I will enumerate some of the developments at IGX during Q2 
FY23.  
During the quarter, despite a massive increase in LNG prices, from 
$13.6 a year ago to $36.5, IGX achieved a total volume of 59.38 lakh 
MMBtu, that is a volume growth of 501% YoY and 44% on QoQ basis. 
The profit after tax was recorded at Rs 2.42 Cr. witnessing a growth of 
111% on QoQ basis. 
I am pleased to share that all important stakeholders of the Gas sector 
are now clients or members of IGX. 
IEX is well positioned to leverage the opportunities arising from 
massive transformation in the global and Indian energy sector and will 
continue to pursue opportunities in the present Power Markets and 
evaluate foray into adjacencies.  
We will continue to fortify our position in existing products and launch 
new products such as Ancillary Market, and Capacity Markets.  
Indian Gas Exchange, our first diversification initiative is growing 
strength to strength backed by the Government of India’s ambition to 
increase the share of Gas from 6% to 15% by 2030 in the overall energy 
basket, thereby creating a huge potential for IGX in the years to come. 
As we continue to explore other opportunities in the energy marketplace, 
we are inspired by the Government’s idea of establishing a Coal 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Exchange within the country. Similarly, enactment of the Energy 
Conservation Act 2022, which talks about creating a carbon market, 
provides us the opportunity to set up India’s first Carbon Exchange. We 
have already appointed a consultant to study the feasibility of Carbon 
market. 
As India moves towards carbon neutrality and harnesses vast amounts 
of renewable power to meet its growing appetite for energy, IEX will 
continue to make use of technology and innovation to facilitate the 
nation’s energy transition.   
Now, we shall commence the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. We will now begin for the question-and-answer-
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may please press star and 
one on your touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handsets, while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
I wanted to understand, sir, our electricity volumes have fallen around 8 
- 9% in the H1. Where do you see we might end up in FY '23? And also 
at the start of the year, you had guided for 8 - 9 billion units for REC. 
Do you think we can still achieve it? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, as far as electricity is concerned, you are aware that in the first 
quarter, the situation was quite challenging and it was not only in India, 
but world over. In fact, in India, the government comparatively managed 
the disruptions in an efficient manner. There was shortage of coal, both 
imported coal prices and e-auction prices were higher so the government 
decided to supply more coal to the GENCOs tied up under long-term 
PPAs, so there is no hue and cry by the states.  

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
And as a result, the generation improved by the GENCOs under the PPA 
plant, but the supply in the market remained less. Because of this, the 
volumes in H1FY23 were lower. Now, coal supply has already 
improved. Inventory at the power plant is better than what it was last 
year. And as you are aware, in the second half of the year, coal 
production is almost 60% of the total year production, and power 
generation is comparatively lower in the second quarter. I'm sure 
availability of the coal in the e-auction market will improve.  
As I told you, this year, the e-auction was only about 17 metric tonnes, 
which was 63% lower than last year. In the second half this position will 
improve and there will be more e-auction coal in the market. Rates also 
should come down, and we should see good volume growth in the 
second half of the fiscal year 2023. 
It will be difficult to say anything about the numbers because numbers 
are dependent on the demand growth and participation of distribution 
companies, but looking at our first half year performance, I'm sure we 
should be able to at least achieve the numbers which we achieved in the 
second half of the last year or better than that even. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. And also, can you give us a brief update on the timeline 
for new product launches and also the new business initiatives? Can you 
also share some details about the derivatives market as to when are we 
looking to launch it? And also, are we looking to launch it on our own 
or are we tying up with some other exchange for it? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, we have already launched the long-duration contracts for delivery 
of power up to three months. In these contracts, we are seeing a lot of 
interest from the buy side. But since generating companies are still not 
very sure about availability of coal, so the price quoted by them is 
slightly higher in the market and only one transaction has been accepted 
by the buyer at a price of about INR 5.70. I'm sure when the prices soften 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
in the market, the reverse auction transactions for delivery up to three 
months also will improve.  
You also asked about the REC certificate markets. In this market also, 
we are seeing active participation now. Distribution companies 
particularly, they participate mostly in the last quarter to comply with 
RPO obligations. So, we expect a much better participation in the REC 
market.  
Other new products we are going to launch include the HP-DAM 
market, which has been directed by the Government of India. Maybe by 
December, we will launch that market, and ancillary market, regulator 
has issued the regulations, but that market will be functional only after 
GNA and Grid codes are notified and implemented. So, maybe from 1st 
January '23, the ancillary markets should also be available through the 
exchange platform. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And sir specifically for the derivatives contract, what is the timeline for 
it? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Derivative contracts, earlier also I have mentioned about it. Derivatives 
will be regulated by SEBI and will be launched only on the SEBI 
regulated exchanges, such as MCX or NSE or BSE. We are actively 
working with them because we strongly believe that when derivatives 
are launched in the market, it will bring a lot of liquidity. The volatility 
in the price will also smoothen, and we have seen wherever there are 
derivatives, the volumes in the spot market increase because the 
participants have an option to hedge their position in the derivative 
market. 
There is a joint working group consisting of members from CERC and 
SEBI. They are working on this and as we understand, this should start 
sometime in the month of December or January. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. The next question is from the line of Aniket 
Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Mittal: 
A few questions. Firstly, in your presentation, you have highlighted that 
there's been some shift in volume from the Day Ahead Market to Day 
Ahead Contingency Market. Just wanted to understand the reason for 
that? And what is the type of shift that has happened? And what would 
be our share in the Day Ahead Contingency Market right now? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, the reason for some volume shifting from DAM market to the Day-
Ahead Contingency market is that in the Day-Ahead Market, buyers, 
and sellers both have to pay their transmission charges. Whereas in the 
Day-Ahead Contingency market, it is only either buyer or seller paying 
the transmission charges. So there is double charging of transmission 
charges in the Day-Ahead Market and there is arbitrage of almost about 
30 – 40p available in the Day-Ahead Contingency Market. So some of 
the participants do transactions in the Day-Ahead Contingency Market 
to take advantage of that. 
And our share in the Day-Ahead Contingency Market in the second 
quarter was almost about more than 50%. But as I told you in the past 
also that GNA is going to get implemented from 1st of January. And 
under the GNA, all these anomalies will be corrected and there will be 
a single charge where only buyers will have to pay the transmission 
charges. There is no transmission charges applicable for sellers.  
In fact, for the Day-Ahead Market and the RTM market, the provisions 
are more favorable for these markets. I'm sure whatever transactions are 
presently happening in the Day-Ahead Contingency Market, they all 
will shift to the DAM market and this anomaly will get corrected. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Just a clarification, apart from the transaction charges, has something in 
the market also changed? Because this quarter our DAC volumes have 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
also gone up very significantly. Is there some market condition that is 
also facilitating, let's say, to DAC from DAM? 
Satyanarayan Goel: No. Except for this arbitrage, I don't think that there is any other reason. 
Aniket Mittal: 
The other question that I had was on the RTM market. And I'm fairly 
surprised by the growth that you're seeing in the RTM market despite 
the higher prices. I think we're now doing close to almost 70 million to 
75 million units per day. Just wanted to understand how do you see the 
potential for the RTM market? And despite the higher prices, why is the 
growth fundamentally coming over here? Is there just some sort of 
cannibalization that you think is happening from DAM or are there any 
other factors at play? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Definitely, some cannibalization is also happening, because earlier 
participants were placing bid in the DAM market at a slightly higher 
price, and now they have the option to buy power in the RTM market 
also. So many of the participants are placing price sensitive bids. As a 
result, if their bid is not cleared then they participate in the RTM market. 
So some cannibalization has happened.  
But RTM market is mainly improving because of the higher share of the 
renewable generation taking place in the country. And because of the 
high variability in the renewable generation, participation has increased. 
When we find that the renewable is highest, many of the state discoms 
start selling power and when wind generation starts going down, they 
start buying power.  
RTM market, when a GENCO unit trips, earlier they had no option and 
had to do load shedding. But now they have option to buy power in the 
RTM market. So volume in the RTM market, I expect will continue to 
increase, may not be at this rate what has happened in the last two years, 
but definitely at a rate of 10 - 15%. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Aniket Mittal: 
Okay. That's very helpful. Just one last question, and this is, to 
understand more fundamentally, when I compare the average prices on 
the RTM versus DAM, the average prices on RTM are still lower than 
DAM market. Just wanted to understand the reasons behind that. 
Satyanarayan Goel: Yes. See, seller is placing a bid at a slightly higher price in the DAM 
market. But if it is not cleared, then in RTM market, he has no other 
choice. So in the RTM market he is placing the bid at marginal cost. It 
is like a real-time market, seller has no other option and he will try to 
sell power at the minimum viable rate for him. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Okay. So the seller is actually being more dominant than the buyer in 
the RTM in determining the price 
Satyanarayan Goel: Earlier also if you see the trend, Exchange Day-Ahead Market rates 
always used to be lower than the bilateral market because Day-Ahead 
Market was nearer to the delivery. The transactions were happening in 
the Day-Ahead Market at a marginal cost. Now RTM market is further 
near to the actual delivery, so I think this is a natural phenomenon. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Got it. If I can add one more question. In the RTM market, as per you 
on the sell side, how much of the sell side is coming from URS power? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See in the first half of this year, because of the high demand and less 
supply, there was hardly any URS power. And most of the sell was by 
the distribution companies. Whatever surplus power they had under the 
PPA and beyond after meeting their own demand, they were selling 
power on the exchange platform. Also, Nepal imported about 400 
megawatts through the RTM market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from 
Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
My first question is that in the first 20-odd days of October, the liquidity 
situation seems to have improved because sell bids were almost we see 
close to 70% higher than the purchase bids. And the prices on DAM and 
RTM have also come up quite sharply even on a year-on-year basis, 
they're down almost by 60%. Still, we see the October volumes so far 
down close to 20%, so far on a year-on-year basis? So at what price level 
do we really see industrial demand on exchanges coming back or 
volumes coming back, because I thought prices have come off quite 
significantly even on a year-on-year basis? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, if you look at last year, month of October, if you are comparing 
with that. Last year, month of October was a very high demand period 
and less availability of power. Distribution companies were very active 
on the exchange platform. Every day, we were getting buy bid far in 
excess of the sell bid. So the volumes were higher. This year, as I told 
you, the coal inventory and the power availability at the power station 
under the PPA is very good. So the distribution companies buy on the 
exchange platform, it's not a desperate buy. Some of the distribution 
companies are buying power to optimize their costs, or maybe during 
the evening hours, when the demand is higher.  
October, as of now in comparison to last year, the volumes are lower, 
mainly because the participation of distribution companies is slightly 
lower.  
But looking forward, I am sure when the availability of coal improves 
and prices go down further to maybe about INR 3.25 paisa to INR 3.40 
paisa, there are three things which happen. One is that distribution 
companies, they meet their demand. Second is, they optimize their cost, 
and shut down their costly plants. And third is, it is viable even for the 
industrial consumers to buy power from the exchanges. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Because coal inventory at power plants is actually better than what it 
was same time last year. It's almost nine days. But from IEX perspective, 
we should be tracking e-auction coal availability and e-auction premium 
to notified price? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Actually, this 9-day inventory is for the PPA based power plant. If you 
look at the inventory of the IPPs, which are merchant plants, that 
situation is still not comfortable. As Coal India has already started 
increasing the quantum in the e-auction, I'm sure in the next 15 - 20 days, 
that situation should also improve. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. Another question, which is actually a follow-up from the last one. 
The shift to DAC from DAM and the arbitrage that you mentioned 
around transmission charge of 40-odd paisa, will that arbitrage 
completely go after GNA is implemented from 1st of January? Will it 
reduce significantly for that shift back to happen? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Actually, in December 2020, the transmission charge sharing 
regulations, which were implemented, there was some anomaly in that. 
This issue was discussed with the regulator, and they have corrected this 
thing. So going forward, this anomaly is not going to be there and in 
fact, the regulations are more in favor of the Day-Ahead and RTM 
collective transactions.  
In most of the occasions, distribution companies will not have to pay 
any transmission charges for purchase of power through the exchange. 
Because if the GNA plus TGNA is more than the total power purchased 
by them including the exchange, then there is no further charges to be 
paid. So these regulations are, in fact, more favorable to the exchange 
transactions. 
Sumit Kishore: 
But this arbitrage will go once the GNA is implemented? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 100%, this will go. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Post 1st of January. 
Satyanarayan Goel: What we're expecting is that it will get implemented from 1st of January, 
based on our present discussions with NLDC and CERC. But then, we 
are now doing all transactions through the National Open Access 
Registry, which is a software-based solution. There are some changes to 
be done in that. NLDC is already working on it. Hopefully, from 1st of 
January, it will get implemented. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. Otherwise, because of these operational issues, there will be some 
more delays before that can be implemented, is my understanding right? 
Satyanarayan Goel: No. We are reasonably sure that it will get implemented from 1st of 
January because there is a lot of monitoring from CERC end also, and 
NLDC, I think, they have done a very significant progress as of now. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And on a previous question, so INR 3.85 is the current exchange price 
for the Day-Ahead Market, you think that about INR 3.30 will be a 
reasonable level for the demand to come back on exchanges? Or so what 
price would really be attractive? 
Satyanarayan Goel: What we have seen in the past, around INR 3.25 to INR 3 50. In this 
price range, there are many high-cost power plants and distribution 
companies when they shut down those high-cost power plants and start 
buying from the market.  
Even in many of the states the open access consumers also, there is a 
breakeven at a price, which is around this. So their purchase also 
increases on the market. And for distribution companies, in any case, 
this is a lucrative price. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Got it. Just one last question to clarify on quarterly results. If you look 
at the volume decline on a year-on-year basis in Q2 was about 11%, but 
revenue declined slightly higher, closer to 13%. So is that explained by 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
any rebates, which have been given by IEX or what explains that? And 
the other income is slightly on the higher side? Is that mainly because of 
treasury income? Or is there any clarification on this? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Yes. Number one is, last year, there were no REC certificates. This year, 
there is some quantum of REC certificates in the volume. And in the 
REC certificate, we give rebates to the customers based on the volume. 
That is one reason. Second is, in the membership and client fees also, 
we've made some concessions this time because of the high price. Many 
of the trading companies were open access consumers and for open 
access consumers, the high prices were not viable, and they were not 
doing a good volume. So we allowed these incentives to many of the 
traders for a couple of months. I think primarily because of these two 
reasons, in percentage wise, there is a difference. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And on other income, sir, is this mainly treasury income? Or is there 
any... 
Satyanarayan Goel: Yes, mainly treasury income because the interest rates have gone up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from 
SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Just a follow-up to the temporary shift in volume from DAM to DAC. I 
just want to understand the change in transmission charges and then the 
arbitrage of INR 0.3 to INR 0.4, we mentioned that it was from 
December 2020, but the shift we are largely seeing is in last three months 
to four months or probably six months. So, I'm not able to understand 
why this change happened in only the last six months? And secondly, 
also, the uncertainty of availability that I mentioned in peak hours, but 
both DAM and DAC, both the trades happen a day before. So the 
uncertainty should be there in both of them, then why that is causing the 
shift to happen? If you can just share some perspective on this? 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Satyanarayan Goel: Let me tell you one thing, if you look at the volume in the DAM, RTM 
and the DAC market, prior to December 2020, the DAC market was 
hardly 1% or 2% of the total market size. From December 2020, it 
started increasing. It increased to almost about 4%. In March this year, 
when we had shortage of power the distribution companies, they wanted 
to ensure availability of power, and that is the time when they shifted to 
the DAC market. 
In many of the cases, they did off-market agreements and verbal 
understandings and then participated on the exchange platform in the 
DAC market and did those transactions. So from March, DAC volumes 
have started increasing. But then again, from the month of September, 
if you see, when our prices have started coming down, DAC volumes 
came down. And in October also, these are hardly about 7 - 8%. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay, but in Day Ahead Contingency also the trade happens just a day 
before the power is purchased, is that understanding correct? 
Satyanarayan Goel: No, the point is that in Day Ahead Contingency, they are doing verbal 
understanding before the market hours and the generator is keeping 
power for him and then does transactions in the Day Ahead Contingency 
Market. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay. And sir, as you mentioned that REC, there is ESCerts and then, 
there will be the carbon market where carbon credits will be traded, so 
what will be the market platform for that to happen? Is that decided yet? 
And will IEX be the only one who will be able to trade it or there will 
be other players as well? Can you share some perspective here? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, Bureau of Energy Efficiency is a nodal agency for this, and they 
have issued a discussion paper also on this for creating a carbon market 
in the country. And the first step of that market is that they will create 
fungibility between REC and ESCerts and whatever spare volume of 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
this REC and ESCerts is available, which is unsold, maybe those will be 
converted into carbon credits and then participants can buy that. 
Going forward in the next 2 - 3 years, they will create a mandatory 
carbon market, and they will create obligation for the business and 
different users who are generating CO2 for the purpose of compliance 
that they have to reduce their carbon footprint or obtain these carbon 
credits from the market. That is going to be a market something like the 
REC or the ESCerts market. 
The market model may be different, but then all exchanges will have the 
option to introduce those contracts. Since CERC is going to be the 
regulator, CERC regulated exchanges, which are three at present. All 
three of them will have the option to introduce those contracts.  
And we are also talking about the voluntary carbon market. India has 
large options to trade carbon credits and a lot of buyers from the 
European countries, multinational, they want to buy carbon credits on a 
voluntary basis to comply with the ESG requirements to do their brand 
building. We see a lot of demand in that market also. And we are also 
exploring that option. That is going to be a different market. That is 
going to be a voluntary market whereas the mandatory market is 
basically what is going to be done by the government. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay. And sir, based on your discussion with SEBI and MCX regarding 
the launch of derivatives, what is the constraint, which is postponing the 
launch of these contracts? Because CERC has launched LDC. So what 
do you think what are the constraints for the derivatives to be launched? 
Satyanarayan Goel: If you look at the different derivatives, which are there, derivates for the 
different commodities on the MCX platform or the NCDEX platform, 
you don't have a spot market for any of those commodities. In case of 
electricity, we have a very vibrant electricity market. Regulator is 
concerned about the effect of the derivatives in the spot market. They 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
want to analyze from all angles, that there is no adverse impact of this 
on the spot market. And that is why there is some delay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Milind Karmarkar from Dalal & 
Broacha Stock Broking Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Milind Karmarkar: I have a couple of basic questions. So we have been talking about 4 to 
5x volume growth because of PPAs moving away and trading volumes 
increasing in the coming years, let me put it that way. But if I see this 
year's volumes actually don't support them about it. So I just wanted to 
understand, has our thought process changed or we are reasonably 
confident that this type of volume growth will come in going forward? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See you can't have that kind of volume growth, which we had seen in 
the last two years, every year. And we definitely get a year in between 
where the consolidation will happen. 
Milind Karmarkar: No. Fair enough. 
Satyanarayan Goel: This year was a very challenging year for all countries. And this was 
mainly because of the significant increase in the input costs. If you look 
at the generation last year from the imported coal-based power plants, 
and even many of the IPPs were importing coal and blending with the 
domestic coal and selling power in the exchange platform, but it is no 
more viable for them. I think situation has changed this year. And 
despite that, if we are able to maintain our volume at par with the last 
year on first half basis, I must say that it is a good job done. And in the 
coming second half, we definitely expect a better growth. 
Milind Karmarkar: Okay. That's fine, but the basic thought process that over a longer period 
of time, PPAs will be abolished and most of the volumes will happen on 
the exchanges. What's your thought process on that? Has it changed? Or 
it still remains? 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Satyanarayan Goel: That is a stated rule of the government, that distribution companies have 
the option to exit PPAs after 25 years. They can do that, but there are 
not many projects where the PPAs are 25 years old. Mostly the IPP 
stations started from 2007 - 2008. So, in many of the cases, the PPAs 
are still only about 14 - 15 years old and have another 10 more years to 
go. Some of the NTPC stations, yes, their PPA is over in one or two 
cases. In one of the cases, I think distribution companies have exercised 
the option to exit.  
But in any case, there is growth in demand happening in the country at 
a rate of 6 - 7%. I think draft national electricity plan projection is around 
7% growth in the demand for the next five years which is a very high 
number. If the demand increase continues to happen, I'm sure good part 
of the demand increase will come in the market.  
Milind Karmarkar: And what about the new generating capacities which are coming in, let's 
say, renewables. In your opinion, they would directly come to the market 
or they would prefer to go the PPA route? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, as of now, most of the renewable capacity is under the PPA. But 
the distribution companies who have the PPA, we have seen that their 
participation on the exchange platform has started increasing now. 
Whenever they have more renewable power, above their requirement 
they participate in the market. So that is one.  
Second is that at the price which they are able to get in the Day Ahead 
Market during the solar hours, many of that price is definitely more than 
INR 3.50 paisa for the last year and this year. So many of the IPPs are 
also now considering to set up merchant capacity. Maybe part merchant 
maybe 20 - 25% merchant and the balance PPA to comfort the lenders. 
So many of them are considering this option also. 
Milind Karmarkar: Okay. My second question was that we have already seen two exchanges 
being set up, and I think one of them has already started business. So 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
with this, are you expecting some reduction in the share which we hold 
currently or a lower growth than what we have seen in the past few 
years? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, last two years in the electricity segment, we saw a growth of almost 
about 35%. So yes, this year, definitely is the year of consolidation and 
next year, it is difficult to talk about the growth number. But if the 
generation and demand growth happens at a rate of 7% to 8%, then I am 
sure exchange volumes should also grow at least at the rate of 20%. 
Milind Karmarkar: Okay. But what about the competition from the new exchanges? 
Satyanarayan Goel: I'm sure you all must be having the numbers. I need not talk about it. 
Milind Karmarkar: One has not yet started. The second is just started. What's your take on 
that? That's what I'm asking. 
Satyanarayan Goel: One exchange is already operational for the last 14 years. They started 
operations in November, we started our operations on 7th of July. I think 
you have the numbers; you can compare with that. I don't think it has 
made any impact on our business.  
Milind Karmarkar: Okay. My last question was that this government has also talked about 
privatization of distribution companies across India. So just wanted to 
understand in which way would this impact the traded volumes on the 
exchanges? 
Satyanarayan Goel: The distribution sector is financially inviable. It will bring viability in 
the power sectors. Today, the distribution company is losing money for 
every unit they supply and there is no incentive to supply more power. 
But if privatization happens and there is an improvement in the 
distribution sector, the loss reduction happen and if the companies start 
making some money out of the sale of power, then they will have 
incentives to supply more power.  

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
I mean, in a country like India, maybe we're talking about 7%, 8% kind 
of GDP growth and our per capita consumption is only about 1,300, 
1,400 units per year. World average is more than 3,500, which is huge. 
There is a very high potential for power demand growth which is not 
happening because there's no incentive for distribution companies to 
supply more power. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this would be the last question for today, which 
is from the line of Abhishek from Daydream Entertainment. Please go 
ahead.  
Abhishek: 
I just had one question. Like we always talk about India's growth. We 
always talk about future is good. We are expanding in other countries 
and also a lot of other prospects. But I want to know if you can give us 
some guidelines and some detailed picture about what's going to happen 
and what's your plan and what is going right and what's not going right 
from your prospective? 
Satyanarayan Goel: What is not going right is, I told you already. Presently, the fuel 
availability is not right. Less coal available in the market under the e-
auction route. E-auction rates are higher. Exchange clearing price is 
higher, which is not good. For any market when the prices are higher 
means market is not doing well. And the same is the condition with us. 
In our case, distribution companies not only purchase power to meet 
their demand, but they also purchase power to optimize their cost. In 
fact, in last 2 years, Andhra Pradesh state has reduced their power 
procurement cost by more than INR 1,000 crores, just by purchasing 
more power through the exchange because our rates were very 
competitive. This year, that kind of opportunity was not there for the 
distribution companies to optimize their costs.  
Open access consumers, industrial consumers, large industries, earlier 
they were also active on the exchange platform, but when the rate is 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
high, which is more than their breakeven rate, they have no incentive to 
buy from the market. So I think because of all these things, this was a 
challenging year for us and volumes were less because of that.  
Abhishek: 
Yes. I love the explanation. So one more question. Like there's a lot of 
negativities right now in terms of competition. I know you just explained 
that there's no competition in literal way, but a lot of negativity and 
especially FIIs, we see they're selling and share price also, we see a lot 
of negativity. Do you have any plan to account for that? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, I can't say anything about what FIIs are doing and what is 
happening in the share market. I can only talk about my business and 
how we are doing and what we hope to do in future. 
Abhishek: 
Do you want to say anything about the competition because a lot of 
negativity about the competition but you said that the volume is dry, but 
it's not well communicated?  
Satyanarayan Goel: I told you about the competition four months have passed, the third 
exchange also is in operation. And you can see the volume of the other 
two exchanges. And I'm sure these numbers will speak in the market. 
Moderator: 
As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the 
conference back to Mr. Sumit Kishore for closing comments. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks a lot for giving us this opportunity to host the call. I wish team 
IEX and the audience on this call a very happy Diwali. So over to you 
for any closing comments. 
Satyanarayan Goel: I would like to thank all of you for being part of this call today. Q2 has 
been a challenging quarter for all of us. Going forward, we expect 
reduction in input prices, lower prices on IEX, and optimization by 
discoms and Open Access consumers, thereby better volumes on IEX. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
IEX, as always, remains committed to positively contributing towards 
the growth and sustainability of the Indian energy sector. 
Thank you for being part of this call. I look forward to our interaction in 
the next earnings call. Thank You! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
