 
 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
 
CIN - L72300PN1990PLCO56696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 30000 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 0008 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
 
NSE & BSE / 2022-23 / 125 
 
October 31, 2022 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of investor/analyst call held on Thursday, October 20, 2022 
Ref:  Our earlier intimation under reference no. NSE & BSE / 2022-23 / 110 dated 
September 23, 2022 (‘Intimation’) 
 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript 
of the investor/analyst call held on Thursday, October 20, 2022, for your information and records.  
 
The transcript of the Analyst Call is also made available on the Company’s website 
 
The link to access the same is as follows: Analyst-Call-Transcript-Q2FY23.pdf (persistent.com) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
Encl: A/a 
Amit 
Murari Atre
Digitally signed by 
Amit Murari Atre 
Date: 2022.10.31 
13:12:35 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, 
SECOND QUARTER, FY23 ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2022” 
October 20, 2022 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Dr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Sunil Sapre 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Head, Investor Relations 
 
Mr. Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Persistent Systems 
Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of FY23 ended September 
30, 2022. We have with us today on the call, Dr. Anand Deshpande, Founder, 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Kalra, Executive Director and 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sunil Sapre, Executive Director and Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi, Head of Investor Relations, and Mr. 
Amit Atre, Company Secretary.  
Please note, all participants lines will be on listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after management's opening 
remarks. Should you need any assistance during the call, please raise your 
hand from the participant tab on the screen. While asking questions, I 
request you to please identify yourself and your company name. Please 
note, this conference is being recorded. I now hand the confidence to Mr. 
Sandeep Kalra. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Kalra:     Thank you. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good morning to all of you, 
depending on where you're joining from. I would like to thank you for 
spending time with us on the eve of Diwali and would like to wish you the 
best for the festive season in advance. I would like to start this call by sharing 
certain important milestones that we achieved in this quarter. We reached 
the annualized run rate of US$ 1 billion, doubling our revenues over the past 
three years. We achieved quarterly revenue rate in excess of INR 2,000 
Crores, our trailing 12-month EPS crossed INR 100 for the first time, we were 
included in the NSE IT index, which is representative of the best performing 
companies in our Indian IT industry. 
We are humbled by these milestones and I would like to sincerely thank each 
one of our 22,400-plus Persistent team members for their resilience, our 
customers, our investors and other stakeholders on this call for their 
continued trust in us. With this, let me come to the quarterly financials. We 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
are happy to report yet another solid growth quarter across all major 
business and financial metrics, despite a dynamic and rapidly evolving 
macroeconomic environment. The revenues for Q2 came in at US$ 255.56 
million giving us a growth of 5.8% quarter-on-quarter and 40.2% on year- on-
year basis. This is the first quarter where we have crossed the annualized run 
rate of US$ 1 billion, a milestone that we called out almost three years back. 
As you are aware, the cross-currency impact in this quarter has been 
significant for our industry. For us, the constant currency sequential growth 
for Q2 came in at 6.6% compared to the USD growth of 5.8% as mentioned 
earlier. This information is also available in our analyst deck. In rupee terms, 
the growth was 9.1% quarter-on-quarter and 51.6% on year-on-year basis, 
respectively. 
This was the first full quarter of consolidation for MediaAgility. Adjusting for 
the revenue from acquired business, our organic growth for the quarter was 
approximately 4.8% on a sequential basis in USD terms and 5.5% in constant 
currency terms. As you're aware, this robust growth comes on the back of 
five successive quarters of 9%-plus sequential growth on dollar basis and 
marks another quarter of top quartile revenue growth in an increasingly 
challenging macroeconomic environment. 
Coming to the profitability side, on the EBIT side, our EBIT for Q1 came in at 
14.6%. This translates into an EBIT growth of 11.1% on quarter-on-quarter 
basis, and 59.4% on YoY basis. EBIT margin expanded by 30 basis points on 
a sequential basis despite the major cost headwinds related to wage hike, 
which became effective for us from July 1, 2022 for all our employees. Sunil 
will provide more colour on the EBIT margin movement later in this call. 
Coming to the order book for the quarter, Q2 was yet another strong quarter 
for us in terms of TCV order wins. The total contract value for the quarter 
came in at US$ 367.8 million with new bookings TCV coming in at US$ 228.3 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
million. The annual contract value component of this TCV is of the order of 
US$ 271.2 million of which the new bookings ACV component contributed 
to US$ 137 million. As you may already be aware by now, these TCV-ACV 
numbers include all bookings, small and large renewals as well as new 
bookings across existing and new customers. 
Coming to the people front, we brought in a total of 838 new colleagues in 
Q2, bringing our total employee base to 22,476 team members globally. This 
is at the end of September 2022. Majority of the new employee addition 
during the quarter can be attributed to our fresher hiring. We have 
honoured all the offers made to campus hires with approximately 3,000 
freshers joining us over the past two quarters. With this, we have completed 
our fresher hiring program for the year. A small portion of the freshers have 
already become billable, while we expect others to become billable on 
customer projects over the next two to three quarters, providing us ample 
cushion on the supply side for future business ramp up and providing us a 
margin lever as well. The utilization for the quarter came in at 79.9%, a rise 
from 79.5% for Q1. Utilization rate is a function of our endeavor to operate 
efficiently while maintaining a healthy buffer to staff future projects on time. 
Apart from other factors such as revenue growth leverage, increased 
utilization over time will be an important margin lever for us as more of our 
freshers become billable on customer projects. The trailing 12-months 
attrition for the quarter came in at 23.7% compared to 24.8% in Q1. We have 
witnessed some amount of stabilization in this metric over the past three 
quarters. We do expect the TTM attrition to continue to moderate over the 
course of the second half of FY23 aided by fresher availability, better 
outcomes on our employee value-related interventions and a general 
moderation of hiring across the sector. 
Before we delve more into the last quarter's performance, I would like to 
make some comments on the macroeconomic environment, along with our 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
response and preparedness to deal with it. As is well known by now, the 
global economy is currently experiencing several headwinds, including 
inflation, tight labour markets, geopolitical tensions and currency volatility 
to name a few. A number of our customers are keenly watching the 
macroeconomic environment unfold and there are discussions about cost 
optimization impact of a stronger dollar on global companies’ financials, 
bracing for an overall economic slowdown over the next several quarters 
and being prudent about longer-term spend commitments. In this context, 
our first priority is staying close to our customers, remaining relevant for 
their transformation as well as optimization initiatives and making efforts to 
help them stay competitive in their respective businesses. The current 
environment is also lending itself to long-term and larger deals if one can 
address the changing nature of the client demand. On one hand, our strongly 
differentiated capabilities across the enterprise software market are giving 
us a unique advantage in this marketplace, and we are witnessing strong 
deal wins and closures in this space, along with good pipeline generation in 
core product development as well as professional services. On the other 
hand, our capabilities across hyperscalers in BFSI and Healthcare Life 
Sciences space are making our offerings even more relevant to customers as 
they look to optimize their spend in business-as-usual and pivot some of the 
savings towards transformation journeys, while bracing for a potential 
revenue slowdown. We remain cautiously optimistic about our growth 
potential as we go ahead and are focused on executing well in the evolving 
macroeconomic environment. 
Now coming to the acquisitions-related update. As we have been sharing 
with you in the previous quarters, the integration of our acquired businesses 
has been progressing well. We are in the final stages of our integration 
initiatives with Data Glove and MediaAgility, our latest M&A deals. We have 
also benefited from some early wins as a result of teamwork and cross-

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
pollination of capabilities across our unified customer base. We are 
confident all this will bode well for us as an organization, and each of our 
acquired entities will fuel a new avenue of growth for us over the coming 
quarters and years. 
Coming to ESG - we continue to make good progress on the ESG front. We 
are pleased to share with you that Persistent has been accepted as a 
participant of the United Nations Global Compact. We have also participated 
in the Carbon Disclosure Project, the CDP project and Dow Jones 
Sustainability Indices and will share with you further progress on these 
fronts in subsequent quarters. We continue to make progress towards our 
climate action goal of becoming net zero by 2030 as well as improving on 
our diversity and inclusion metrics. 
In summary, we are pleased with our performance in Q2FY23, with healthy 
revenue growth, order wins across our focused industry segments, a good 
pipeline generation and stable profitability despite cost headwinds. 
With this, I will turn the call to our CFO, Sunil Sapre, to give out detailed 
colour on the quarterly financials and related matters. I'll come back after 
Sunil's comments to give you some more details on key client wins, analyst 
awards and other recognitions for the quarter. Over to you, Sunil. 
Sunil Sapre:  
Yes. Thank you, Sandeep, and good evening, good day to all, and thank you 
for taking out the time to join us today. As you heard from Sandeep about 
the market outlook and some of the business-specific details, let me now 
walk you through the details of financial performance, including some 
details about the revenue and the margin movement. As you know, the 
revenue at US$ 255.6 million registered Q-o-Q growth of 5.8% and Y-o-Y 
growth of 40.2%. In constant currency, the revenue growth was 6.6%. And if 
you look at the half year, the total revenue stood at US$ 497.08 million with 
Y-o-Y growth of 42.4%. In terms of INR revenue, it was INR 20,486 million, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
reflecting growth of 9.1% Q-o-Q and 51.6% Y-o-Y. And in terms of half year 
INR revenue, it was INR 39,268 million, with growth of 52.1%. This quarter, 
you would have seen a significant increase in the IP-led revenue, which 
registered strong growth of 18.1%, mainly in the Accelerite portfolio we 
have, while our services revenue continued the growth trajectory with 4.9% 
Q-o-Q growth in dollar terms. 
Coming to segmental growth for the quarter - we saw all the segments 
registering growth with BFSI growing by 3.1%, Technology companies by 
8.3% and Healthcare by 4.6%. Coming to more details about revenue - in 
respect of linear revenue, the offshore linear revenue grew by 7.4%, 
comprising of volume growth of 4.8% and billing rate increase of 2.5%. The 
on-site linear revenue grew by 0.9%, primarily on account of volume growth 
of 2.5%, while billing rate declined by 1.5%. The contribution from nearshore 
geos was higher during this quarter, while Europe revenue was lower on 
account of the seasonal softness in Europe due to vacations, which together 
resulted in drop in the on-site realization rate by 1.5%. 
As you would have seen, starting last quarter, we have been providing 
additional details on our client buckets. So, for the quarter gone by, 
customer count in greater than US$ 30 million bucket remained constant at 
3. In US$ 20 million-30 million, the customer count rose to 3 as compared to 
1 in Q1, as 2 customers in the lower category moved up to this bucket. In the 
US$ 10 million-20 million categories, the count declined to 6 from 7 with 2 
clients moving to the higher revenue bucket of US$ 20 million-30 million, as 
mentioned in the earlier point. In the US$ 5 million-10 million category, 
customer count rose to 18 from 15 in the last quarter. And finally, in the US$ 
1 million-5 million category, the number of customers increased from 104 
last quarter to 116 in this quarter. So, the above customer categorization 
just for your reference is based on TTM revenue of these customers and you 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
will observe from the fact sheet that we also provide historical details on 
these metrics to help you get a sense of the trend of these metrics over time.  
You will notice that this consistent increase in the number of accounts we 
have in US$ 1 million-5 million and US$ 5 million-10 million categories over 
the last few quarters has helped reduce the client concentration. As you are 
aware, during the quarter, we had annual pay hike, which is effective July. 
This had an impact of 230 basis points on the margin. Provision for doubtful 
debts and higher CSR spend has had an impact of 20 basis points and 10 basis 
points, respectively. These were largely compensated by higher IP-led 
revenue, as I mentioned earlier, helping margin by 80 basis points, 
favourable currency, which helped by 90 basis points and margin from the 
higher services revenue. There are also other items. As you would know that 
last quarter, we had travel expenses, including visa filing costs, which is a 
seasonal item, which is not there this quarter. We also had slightly lower 
subcontracting costs this quarter. With this, EBITDA came in at 18.0% for this 
quarter as compared to 17.7% in the previous quarter and 16.6% in the Q2 
of last year. EBITDA for first half of the year was at 17.9% vis-a-vis 16.5% in 
the corresponding period last year. 
Coming to Depreciation and Amortization - amortization was higher on 
account of full quarter impact of MediaAgility acquisition. With higher 
revenue, of course, in terms of percentage, total Depreciation and 
Amortization was 3.4% of revenue. With this, EBIT was 14.6% as against 
14.3% in the previous quarter and 13.9% in the corresponding quarter of last 
year. And for H1, EBIT stood at 14.5% as against 13.7% for the corresponding 
period last year. 
Coming to treasury income, for the quarter, the income was lower at INR 61 
million as against INR 89 million, mainly on account of interest on borrowings 
for part-financing the acquisitions and reduced treasury size due to some of 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
the surplus funds being used for M&A. If you look at the interest income of 
this year's H1 versus last year's H1, as you know, effective first quarter of 
this year, we have been consolidating the ESOP Trust and the interest 
income of INR 104 million on loan given to ESOP Trust has been eliminated 
on consolidation. Further, this year, there is an M-to-M loss on long-term 
mutual funds arising from increasing interest rates in this year, whereas 
there was M-to-M gain last year. This, along with lower treasury surplus and 
interest on borrowings from our acquisitions resulted in lower other income 
on an H1-to-H1 basis. In respect of Forex loss, there was INR 91 million of 
loss as against a gain of INR 42 million, and this was mainly because of the 
sharp currency movement we saw, which resulted in M-to-M loss on hedges, 
which were taken a year ago at an average rate of around INR 77-78. 
Profit before tax was INR 2,956 million at 14.4% as against 15% in the 
previous quarter. ETR was 25.6% as against 24.9% in the previous quarter, 
and we expect that to be at these levels for the rest of the year. PAT for the 
quarter was INR 2,200 million at 10.7% of revenue as against INR 2,116 
million in the previous quarter at 11.3% of revenue. PAT for the first half of 
the year was INR 4,316 million at 11%, registering growth of 37.9%. EPS for 
the quarter was INR 29.61 against INR 28.50 in the previous quarter. The 
growth in EPS is 3.9%, while growth in reported PAT was 4% Q-o-Q. And as 
you know, for purposes of calculation of EPS, shares held by ESOP Trust are 
excluded. The operational CapEx for the quarter was INR 519 million. Cash 
and investment on the books were INR 15,719 million as at September 30 as 
compared to INR 14,792 million as at June 30. DSO came in at 60 days, same 
as in the previous quarter. Forward contracts outstanding at the end of 
September was US$ 195 million at an average rate of INR 79.95 per dollar. 
With hedges in the recent period coming at forward rates of 82-plus, the 
average rate will get adjusted over a couple of months.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
With this, I thank you once again, and I wish you all a Very Happy Diwali and 
hand it back to Sandeep. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, Sunil. Now let me talk to you about our key wins for Q2 by 
industry segments. Coming to the Software, Hi-tech and Emerging 
industries, we were chosen as a Professional Services and Solutions partner 
to scale the adoption of software products in North America and EMEA for 
a leading European enterprise software player. This is the largest TCV deal 
win for us in Q2 with TCV of excess of US$ 80 million over five years. We 
were chosen by a leading EHS, environment sustainability and governance 
player - a software player in the segment for providing engineering services, 
building products for these segments. Coming to Banking Financial Services 
and Insurance, Persistent was chosen by a fintech unicorn based out of India 
for the end-to-end program ownership for development of an automated 
data-driven risk and pricing platform, which is used by leading banks, NBFCs 
and insurance companies in India and other emerging markets. Persistent 
was chosen by a pioneer in fractional trading and embedded finance to 
design and implement an integration platform for servicing the end 
customers using APIs. 
Coming to Healthcare Life Sciences, Persistent was chosen to expand the 
Centre of Excellence for automation and low-code business process 
management platform for a large US-based biopharmaceutical services 
company. Persistent was chosen to build the next-generation data platform 
using deep industry expertise for a large biotech company, which is a leader 
in building life transforming medicines. 
Moving on to the awards and recognitions for the quarter - Q2 saw us get 
continued recognition from industry-leading analyst firms and associations. 
To mention a few, MediaAgility, recently acquired by Persistent was named 
as a Niche Player in the 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud IT 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
Transformation Services. We were recognized by Dun & Bradstreet as a Top 
Performer in the Growth Performance categories in Software and BPM 
Sectors in their 22nd edition of the India top 500 Companies' publication. 
In summary, we continued to deliver top quartile revenue growth in Q2FY23, 
along with healthy profitability, which remained resilient despite the key 
cost headwind associated with wage hikes. Even as we see good traction for 
our services among our client base, along with new deal wins and new logo 
addition, we remain watchful of the macroeconomic situation and are 
proactively staying close to our clients, aiding them in prioritizing their 
technology spend towards transformation and optimization. Our deep 
digital engineering expertise gives us significant competitive advantage in 
our market and our recent acquisitions have bolstered our cloud and 
industry capabilities, strengthening our key hyperscaler partnerships. We 
hope to build on the healthy growth momentum we witnessed in Q2FY23 as 
we go along. With this, I would like to conclude the prepared remarks and 
would like to request the operator to open the floor for questions. Operator? 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Now we open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for a few 
minutes until the queue assembles. We request you to constrain yourself 
with 2 questions and follow back in line for more questions. Please raise your 
hand from the participant tab on the screen to ask the questions. First 
question is from Bhavik Mehta. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and firstly, congratulations, Sandeep for a great 
set of numbers. I have two questions. Firstly, Sandeep, can you talk about 
how the deal signings are trending for you given the macro where we have 
heard that a lot of clients are cautious about their tech spend. So are there 
any delays you're witnessing in deal signings and also, if you can slice it down 
across your three verticals, how the client behaviour is different in the 3 
verticals. The other question is, if I look at your book-to-bill ratio at 1.4, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
which is the lowest since you started reporting this metric, 10 quarters ago. 
So, should we be worried about a lower book-to-bill ratio? Or is this a timing 
issue where some of the deals were delayed? And so, we should overlook 
this number? And the last question is to Sunil. How should we look at 
margins for the second half? Because initially, the target was to achieve 
13.9% similar to last year, but we are already at 14.5% in 1H, and a lot of the 
headwinds are behind, wage hikes are behind, attrition is coming down. So 
how should we look at the trajectory of margins for the second half? That's 
it from my side. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Sure. So let me take the book-to-bill part because it's the easiest one, the 
other ones are a little longer. So, I don't think you should worry about the 
book-to-bill part. If you look at our bookings, we have been consistently 
delivering very healthy ACV and TCV bookings. If you look at our TCV 
bookings for trailing 12-month basis, it's roughly about US$ 1.45 billion. Our 
ACV bookings are roughly about US$ 1.1 billion. So, for a company that is 
doing US$ 255 million on a quarterly run rate basis, I do think from what we 
understand of our business, this is a fairly healthy set of bookings and that 
bodes well for our trajectory going ahead. So, I won't read too much into 
book-to-bill and worry about it. 
Now in terms of the deal signings, I will try and keep it brief because we want 
to take a bunch of questions. So, I'll give you an uber answer. And if we have 
time towards the end of the call, I will try and get into each of the segments. 
And I'll just take one segment for now. So, if you look at our deal signings so 
far, we've delivered pretty much for the last two quarters, anywhere 
upwards of US$ 370 million in TCV and relatively good US$ 270 million or so 
in ACV terms. Now there are some deals that could have slipped from the 
last quarter to this quarter, but that is the nature of the game. So far, there 
are not much delays. Now, interesting thing would be how Q3 pans out 
because Q3 is a short quarter. There are too many things happening in this 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
quarter in terms of Thanksgiving. There's Christmas, there may be furloughs, 
there may be other things that are there. So, this will be a short quarter, and 
we will have to see as the quarter pans by the decision making, given the 
macro, given the short quarter, impacts of the deal closures in this - the 
pipeline is good, we will have to just let the quarter pan out.  
Now we deal with three different segments, as you rightly said. We deal with 
the Enterprise Software segment or the ISV segment on one side and BFSI, 
Healthcare Life Sciences. If you look at it, some of the things that we have 
been seeing from our company-specific perspective, we have a fairly strong 
foray in the product development side, whether it is horizontal ISVs or it is 
vertical-specific ISVs, and that is the tenet we take to the enterprises as well. 
We have been seeing pretty good deal wins. We announced two large deal 
wins in the last two quarters. One was US$ 70 million in the quarter before. 
The last quarter was US$ 80 million, single TCV kind of deal wins. So, from 
that perspective, we very strongly believe in the enterprise software/ISV 
segment. We have the best right to win and seat to the table. So that 
continues to give us good pipeline. Similarly, on BFSI and Healthcare Life 
Sciences, we do see some delays in deal signings, et cetera, but not to the 
extent that one should be worried about. And again, as I said, we'll let the 
Q3 pan out. Sunil, over to you for the margin part. 
Sunil Sapre:  
Yes. So Bhavik, on the margin side, there are basically three important 
elements. One is what you call the currency movement, which was positive 
in this period. As you know, 90 basis points being contributed by that, which 
gets reflected in EBIT. But a part of that gets unwound after EBIT in form of 
Forex loss on the hedges that we would have taken in the past. So, net-net, 
say, about 40-50 basis points of benefit comes in the effective eventual 
margin, so to say. The other element is with respect to IP revenue and what 
is the composition of IP revenue in terms of royalty and our own IPs under 
the Accelerite portfolio. And thirdly, the operating efficiency improvement 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
and the leverage that we should get as we keep scaling. So, two of these 
factors in terms of operating efficiency and leverage and IP revenues, are 
internal while currency movement is external. But in terms of IP revenue, it 
has certain seasonality. It's not like every quarter we may have that kind of 
IP revenues. But on an overall basis, I would say that we feel confident to 
hold the margins at these levels, should currency not be playing another 
volatile kind of thing. We generally hope that currency will hold at this level 
or maybe a little bit softer in the last quarter, but the current indications are 
that what we call we will not see the dollar-INR going back to 78-79, so very 
soon. It might - dollar may appreciate further before it flows back. So that's 
our current expectation. And you are right, there is potential to hold it and 
work on operating efficiency to improve it further. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Manik Taneja. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the very consistent 
performance in the current quarter as well. Sandeep, I wanted to get your 
thoughts, given the decline that we've seen in our top client revenue 
performance this quarter, should we expect some tail impact going into 3Q 
and 4Q as well? That's question number one. 
And does this change the outlook that we have provided in the past of 4%-
6% kind of a sequential growth for the foreseeable future. And the second 
question was for Sunil. On the revenue productivity trends, we have seen 
offshore revenue productivity increase for three quarters now. How should 
we be thinking about this dynamic going forward? Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Manik, let me take the first question. So, look, we have been working with 
that brand for more than 18 years in different forms and shapes. Now we 
have seen many cycles where every client has their own specific nuances. 
Every client has their own business, their own macroeconomic environment 
impact. They all have to do their puts and takes of their own priorities. And 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
we've always seen whenever there has been some amount of work between 
us and them in supporting any of the requests that may be there in terms of 
any restructuring and whatever else, we've always come back stronger over 
the quarters. As far as the immediate Q3, Q4 is concerned, I don't expect any 
major material impact, a couple of million dollars here or there in our bigger 
picture of things. When we are at a US$ 1 billion run rate, it is not anything 
material, if that happens. And even if that happens, we have the assurance 
from our top customer, that all these are short-term adjustments that 
they're doing, and they are committed to working with us on their newer 
things as well. So, I would not be reading too much into it. 
And second, look, our proof of the pudding is we have performed 
consistently over the last nearly 10 quarters. It's been 10 quarters of 
sequential revenue growth, profitability, stabilization or growth. And even 
in the COVID times, we have come through very well. So even this quarter, 
current quarter, if you look at it, and this is for you and all other investors on 
the line, 5.8% in dollar terms, 6.6% or thereabouts in constant currency 
terms. Even after adjusting for the client-specific issue that you're talking 
about, talks about the robustness of the system that we have built. So that 
is where I would want to leave it. And as far as the 4%-6% growth that you 
talked about, that will be our endeavor to continue to do that and let the 
macroeconomic environment pan out. But our endeavor would be, we 
would be best-in-class. Growth would be the preference for us. Profitability 
same or better would be the second thing for us. So, with that, I'll hand over 
to Sunil for the next one. 
Sunil Sapre:  
Yes. So Manik, this offshore rate realization is a function of two items 
essentially. Our ability to manage fixed price projects, which we do in some 
of our businesses, both on site - I mean, both the export business as well as 
domestic business. And the other part is how much is our pricing power in 
terms of ability to get COLA increases and so on. So, over the last few 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
quarters, this was, you can say, a conversation that we had with several 
customers, and many of them were amenable considering the high attrition 
that the industry was facing. So, this is what you call a combined result of 
this. The change from quarter-to-quarter could happen so far as the rates, if 
you hold them steady, it is more out of the efficiency of execution of fixed-
price projects. I hope that helps you get you a flavour of that. 
Moderator:            Thank you and the next question is from Karan Danthi. 
Karan Danthi:  
Hi Sandeep and Sunil. Thanks for taking my questions. Since you have such 
a great vantage point into enterprise software deal flow, I think one of the 
concerns is Europe and just how the macro in Europe, given it's such a big 
market, is going to evolve from here. Some companies are saying like 
Snowflake - sorry, ServiceNow that there's been - it's been hard to sign those 
deals. I'm just wondering kind of how that plays into your business practice? 
And on a related note, which is - this is the second part of that first question. 
There is, again, this broader argument of consumption-based software 
businesses and deal-based software businesses. And I'm curious kind of 
what you're seeing in terms of the resilience of consumption-based software 
businesses versus deal-based software businesses. That's the first. 
And then the second, I would ask, who would you, which, I guess, areas - 
essentially, we're dealing with the inflationary environment, software helps 
deflate. So, there's a clear need to adopt software faster. I'm just curious, 
since you have a lot of partnerships, where do you see acceleration because 
of the need to - meaning acceleration of adoption of certain verticals, 
vendors because of the need to deflate fast. And this is a broader comment 
on the cloud, which is, is there going to be faster adoption of the cloud or 
slower adoption to the cloud? And then who are the related vendors, I guess, 
that would benefit. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
Sunil Sapre:  
This is a one-hour discussion in itself. But let me try and address it, and I'm 
sure you seem very knowledgeable about this. So, I'll keep it at a high level. 
Now whether it is the European market or overall market, a number of the 
enterprise software companies are global in nature. So, they will face some 
headwinds in the US, they may face higher headwinds in Europe and other 
parts of the world. There are also, the enterprise software companies are 
not just one block. As you rightly said, there are companies that are deal-
based software, consumption-based software, born the cloud, the 
companies that are public companies for long, the companies that have gone 
public in the last 2, 3 years, there's dynamics - different dynamics for 
different people. So, let's take a company that basically was born in the cloud 
dependent on consumption-based software, went public in the last 2 to 3 
years. Pretty much any company in that category would have been a unicorn 
before they went public, and they would have had this rule of 40, where the 
revenue growth and profitability put together, as long as you had that 
greater than 40%, you were golden. Your valuations were absolutely good. 
But now in an environment where there's a recessionary environment, 
looming on our heads, nobody knows when, how, how much deeper and 
how long it will last and so on. 
There is going to be a slowdown of enterprise software and people are 
already starting to see it. Now what that means is if the revenue growth is 
not going to happen, they're already not profitable. A number of these 
companies that went public, for example, in the last 2, 3 years, they're not 
profitable. They need to really look at their profitability. They really didn't 
have a globalization strategy from their product development perspective, 
product support perspective, professional services perspective, a number of 
those didn't really care about those when the revenue growth was 
happening. They were focused on that. But in the new environment, that 
whole dynamic is changing. Now no longer the revenue growth is there, so 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
profitability is important. So, globalization from a product development 
perspective, having a coherent strategy and working with partners like 
ourselves who are absolute experts in this, is becoming an absolute 
important thing for them. So, if we were to talk to any of our potential 
customers, our customers, existing customers, the CXOs, I'm not talking 
about the working level. The CXOs, they clearly understand, and they clearly 
engage with us, and that is where we are emanating a number of large deals. 
And these may be public companies. These may be private equity held 
enterprise companies. And they may also be unicorns that were successful, 
were moving towards profitability, but are now challenged. And they are 
across US, across Europe. So, I hope that gives you a kind of a flavour towards 
where we are seeing the discussions pan out and so on. 
Now again, the debate about consumption-based software versus deal-
based software, deal-based software companies would be companies which 
are more established for many more years and so on. I would say they have 
a little more pain at size and scale, although the consumption-based 
software companies, not everyone is at the size and scale of a Snowflake. 
They are smaller companies and that addressable market for us may be 
slightly lesser. But I'll park it there because this could go on and on. Now in 
terms of any vendors, I would not want to name vendors because we partner 
with all of the hyperscalers. I wouldn't want to say one hyperscaler versus 
other. There are different dynamics. Azure plays in a different space than 
AWS, AWS not many retailers would want to take. Azure is prevalent 
because of Microsoft percolation all through the enterprises across verticals. 
Google specializes in certain areas more than others, but we are seeing 
healthy things in different, different segments of the market, and we are 
partnering with each one of them. With that, I will stop on this. Hopefully, 
that answered you. 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from Ruchi Mukhija.  
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Congratulations Sandeep for Q2, very strong performance. I had a couple of 
questions, I try to be restrict to two. First was on BFSI. Now in terms of your 
client mix, it's quite diverse, ranging from large western banks to midsize and 
fin-techs versus insurance companies. So, do you see a difference in their 
tech spending pattern in current backdrop between large bank, midsized 
and fin-techs? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
No, so look, if we look at the broader trend, and I'll restrict it to the broader 
trend. Most of the banks and insurance companies, they are expecting a mild 
recession in the US, and I talked more about the US because for Persistent 
per se, 79% of our businesses is US, and our business in Financial Services is 
mostly US and India. In India, we are pretty much there for any NBFCs and 
financial services organizations, more on loan origination systems and other 
things. So that's pretty much robust. Now when I look at the global things, 
globally, we are looking at the banks and insurance companies and similar 
organizations, prioritize the spend and the management of resources. They 
are definitely trying to cut cost in business as usual so as to be able to sustain 
their initiatives, which were started in the last 1 to 2 years in terms of their 
own transformation, launching newer digital products, et cetera, et cetera. 
Now if you look at things like digital payments, customer experience, 
business process, data analytics et cetera, we do expect, based on our 
discussions, these investments will continue. And the legacy stack will be the 
one where the money has to squeezed out to be funneling this and some 
money will go towards EBITDA improvement for them. I could give you more 
colour. And one last thing I would want to say -- we are not exposed much 
to the mortgage market. We're working with a leading mortgage platform 
provider where we have seen some impact, but it is not material to our 
revenues. So, our mortgage-related exposure is not much at all. So, from 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
that perspective, thankfully, we are pretty much okay. So, I'll want to restrict 
it there. Any other questions I can answer. 
Ruchi Mukhija:  
Sure. I'll move to the next one. Now we've heard from some of your peers 
that today, the nature of the demand is changing, you see more cost 
optimization focus along with the revenue growth initiatives. So could you 
share with us what are the differences that you see between these cost-
focused contracts in terms of deal sizes, tenure delivery or execution cycle 
and also profitability? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Sure. So let me give you some examples. So, for example, and I'll take 2 
segments this time, let's say, the enterprise software market. So, if you look 
at the enterprise software market, back to the earlier question that was 
asked by Karan, I guess, so we have been working with many customers. So, 
for example, I talked about a US$ 80 million deal where we are partnering 
with a leading European software, enterprise software company. This deal is 
about taking over a chunk of professional services, optimizing it from right 
shoring perspective, scaling it from a lower cost location perspective, 
bringing automation, et cetera, et cetera, and so on and so forth. So, this is 
a 5-year deal. This is not a smaller project and so on. So, this is about US$ 80 
million. Now if I go to a leading, let's say, third-party administrator of 
insurance services, there, we have basically done a deal, for example, to take 
over the entire application support to take over infrastructure support, 
move a bunch of infrastructure and applications to the cloud, help them 
optimize their spend. Again, this is kind of a 5-year deal and so on. So, like 
that, there are multiple deals in different segments. Even from a 
transformation perspective, earlier, people were very happy taking 
transformation-related projects to be done totally on-site, very little spend 
offshore. Now they are very amenable to doing literally 20%, 30% on-site, 
willing to look at spending more from offshore so that they get more for the 
same money, and they are able to get their programs last longer, do the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
multiple phases of it and while saving money at the same time. So, there are 
contours of cost reduction, cost savings, both in transformation and in 
business as usual. So hopefully, that gives you a colour. 
Moderator:               Thank you. And the next question is from Nitin Padmanabhan. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Two quick ones, actually. So one is over the 
past few months, if you look at the velocity of deals or the decision-making 
cycles, I just wanted your experience there. And why - and the existing book 
of business that's anyway underway, are you seeing more client-specific 
issues? And do you see that sort of getting worse as it goes forward? 
The second part is on the furloughs, and do you have clarity on furloughs 
going into the quarter? And the IP business, how are you thinking about that 
business today? Because growth has been pretty solid after a very long time. 
So is there any change in thought process within that business as you move 
forward. So those are the 2 bunches of questions. Thanks. 
Sandeep Kalra:   
Yes, there are four questions. Let me try and address them quickly. So, in 
terms of velocity, as I said earlier, so far, we have not seen that we will be 
impacted that much. Q3 will be the proof of the pudding because the bar 
seems to be elongating. This is a short quarter. There are too many holidays. 
There are furloughs that are being talked about. Back to your point about 
furloughs - there are discussions about furloughs. There's no firm decision 
that has been given to us. There are some furloughs that have happened for 
many years. So, I wouldn't say that some of the customers are doing 
furloughs for the first time. We have seen this, not only us. The entire 
industry has seen some of the largest tech companies, some of the largest 
financial services organizations. They have a pattern. Every year, they do 1 
to 2 weeks of furloughs. The only question would be, would this year, this 
quarter be different so that we will have to let it pan out. We will have a 
clarity by November, mid or December first week on all that. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
Now in terms of customer-specific issues, as of this point in time, there are 
none other than whatever have been reflected in our financials so far. If 
there are any, we'll come back and report to you. Our endeavour would be 
to make sure, first, we avoid these things. But sometimes, you can't wish 
customer relationships to be only a one-way lane. You can't just expect 
customers to just give you more and more. If they have a macroeconomic 
headwind in their business, it's our job as well to sometimes work with them 
even if that means cutting down our expectation of what they spend on us, 
to be coming back as they kind of spend more over a period of quarters and 
years. So, I would not want to read too much into customer-specific issues - 
relationships are what matter. Revenues can go up and down, and our first 
intent would be to make sure that the relationship stays strong. And back to 
your point on any more customer-specific issues. No. 
Now IP business, how are we looking at it? Look, IP business for us is one of 
the biggest differentiators as well. In our Accelerite business, we run at least 
3 to 4 enterprise class products where if you fly Delta airlines in the US or 
some other airlines like that, there may be some IP that we may have, which 
may be patching their systems or do whatever else. There may be ATMs that 
you may be using globally, little known, our software may be running some 
of those. In India, you may be doing some of the purchases on some of the 
online stuff where we may be behind it. So, it is a big differentiator for us. 
It's also a profitability lever for us. And these are products right from what 
we have acquired from Intel, Citrix, all of this is public domain knowledge, to 
many others. Now if we can take them, modernize them, sell more of them, 
it gives us additional profitability. So, we will endeavor to do that and also 
use some of this as a reusable IP in our customer engagements and so on. 
So, our endeavour would be wherever we can do it, get better revenues and 
profitability. We'll continue to do that. And that's where a focus team is on 
that part. And we'll keep reporting anything if it changes on this. So, I'll keep 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
it there. We have 14 minutes left, and we want to take more questions, So 
Nitin, I hope that answers you. 
Moderator:               The next question is from Chirag. 
Chirag:  
Hi Sandeep. Congratulations on various remarkable execution and good set 
of numbers. So, I have a few questions. Like in terms of IP revenue, we, our 
number of clients billed are higher compared to previous four quarters. But 
if you look at the contribution in terms of revenue, it is on lower end. So, is 
there any low margin selling or a client billed during this quarter? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
So, I wouldn't say there is any low-margin client billed during this quarter. 
That is not the case. Now IP revenue for us is, again, 3 kind of IP revenues. 
One, that comes from our top customer where we have certain deals where 
we get a revenue share. Number two, if we go and sell a solution, which has 
embedded components from a partner, whether it's low code, no code 
related stuff or some other solution, that's the second part. Third part is our 
erstwhile Accelerite portfolio. I wouldn't believe knowing what I know about 
the business that there's anything that has material low value kind of deal 
from a margin perspective then. So, I would leave it there. 
Chirag:  
Okay. And Sandeep, one more question. In terms of client engagement size 
is the bifurcation which you've given in factsheet. If you look at the numbers 
in category of US$ 5 million-10 million range, it has increased significantly in 
the last 1 year. But in US$ 10-20 million brackets, it remains stagnant. So are 
we targeting more lower ticket engagement size to diversify portfolio? Is 
there any such strategy between please? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
No. So, I think you should read it in conjunction with the number of 
customers in the US$ 20 million-30 million size as well. So, if you look at FY22, 
we had two customers who were greater than US$ 30 million. Right now, we 
have three. If you look at the number of customers in the bracket of US$ 20-

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
30 million, that has also increased. So overall, if you look at it, every category 
is showing progression. So, from that perspective, we are happy about it. 
Can we do better? Absolutely. So, I don't think there's a cause of worry, but 
we'll try and do better. 
Moderator:               The next question is from Suraj Malu. 
Suraj Malu:  
Hi. So, I have two questions. So, first question is our top client which is IBM. 
It has seen a degrowth over the past three quarters. So, could you please 
throw some light as to what went wrong with our largest clients who have 
been contributing around 20% of our revenues? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
So first of all, I would not want to name anyone and so on, there are 
confidentiality issues out there right there. Now I wouldn't say there are any 
issues. And if you look at even whatever name you gave, the results and so 
on, they're doing well. So, our top client announced their results yesterday, 
and they are doing well, and I sincerely wish they keep doing well and even 
better. Now as far as our relationship is concerned, if there are revenues that 
go down, it may not be because of issues. It may because - and we had clearly 
called out about three quarters back, there was a deal that we had for five 
years, which was not very profitable for us. We had worked collaboratively 
with them. We had folded significant part of that deal back into the top 
customer, and we had continued a certain percentage of T&M. So that was 
one part. Now over a period of time, as the macro evolves, everyone has to 
take a look at where their spend priorities are, where they want to spend 
their US$ 100 if they have US$ 100 to spend, whether it is on existing 
products, new products and so on. And so, if they are reprioritizing any of 
their spend, and we have to work with them, we'll happily work with them. 
They have been good supporters of us for the last 18 years and will continue 
to get the spend back as we kind of work with them on new programs. So, I 
won't read too much into it. And again, look, no customer will be a one-way 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
lane throughout life. And relationships, as I said earlier, are more important 
than the spend in this quarter or the next quarter. It will come back if we 
have a good relationship. 
Moderator:               The next question is from Rishi Jhunjhunwala. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala:  Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions to understand 
stuff better. Sandeep, one thing is that we have been announcing our overall 
TCV for past eight quarters now. And over this period, of course, macro has 
deteriorated. Just wanted to understand, have you seen any kind of change 
in conversion of deals into these deals into revenues. So, for example, if you 
have on almost like $1.1 billion worth of ACV in the past four quarters, would 
that translate into a similar amount over a 12-month period itself? Or have 
you seen delays in those conversions as well? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Rishi, very good question. So, look, there are delays that happen because of 
two things. There are delays that can happen because of customers once 
they sign even the ramp up the way it is, at times, it gets delayed. And there's 
no science to predict it before it happens. So, there is some amount of 
revenue leakage that happens because of that. And at times, there's revenue 
leakage that happens because we are not able to fulfil in time, in line with 
what the customer expects and that causes another set of delays. I would 
say, roughly, if you were to say what is the impact of it, anywhere between 
6% to 8% would be the impact of this. And we try to minimize this impact 
because this is revenue leakage for us as well. And it also causes delays at 
the customer side at times. So that is where, I would say, and it is not this 
that it has gone one way or the other over the quarters. This has been the 
case because the labour market for talent that we need has been tight. And 
even now, while attrition has come down, even now there's pent-up demand 
at our end, if you could get a significant number of qualified people as of 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
today, we could bill them and fulfil that demand, which is leading to some of 
the revenue leakage that may happen. 
Moderator:               Next question is from Mohit Jain. 
Mohit Jain:  
Sir, two questions. One was related to the top client decline. Is there a 
chance that we would have booked this TCV sometime last year, which we 
need to revise because of the ramp down that we have seen in this quarter? 
That was one - and second was related to DSOs. Now operating cash flow is 
a little on the lower side for the first half. So, is there a change in working 
capital requirement for any of your clients? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
So, the first part, I'll take first, and then I'll have Sunil address the DSO part. 
So, look, the decline that has happened is basically in contracts, which are 
renewed on an annual basis. Most of our contracts outside of the IP 
contracts are renewed on an annual basis in this particular case. So whatever 
we have lost is basically for this year because it would have got renewed in 
this quarter. Because most of the U.S. corporations have a Jan-December 
financial year. So from that perspective, there's no TCV that needs to be 
reversed. And by the way, to be absolutely transparent, we have already 
taken that hit in the ACV that we have announced. Whatever is lost, we've 
already deducted from the ACV and TCV that we have announced for the 
quarter. So, we already negated that. 
Sunil Sapre:  
Yes. And Mohit on the operating cash flow. What happened in the first 
quarter of this year, particularly is that, see, this quarter typically has the 
company performance bonus that we pay to employees. And insurance 
spend that happens, which is a, you can say, once in a year kind of thing. The 
other aspect is also because of significant fresher addition. We had 
significant pay out on account of the licenses. So, these three spends 
basically are bunched at the start of the year because of which the operating 
cash flow was lower. But there is nothing beyond that, and it is not as if on 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
the working capital, your question about whether DSO would tend to 
increase or something is not the reality. But market is of a nature that we 
need to be constantly at this to ensure that customers are adhering to the 
payment terms we have agreed with them. 
Moderator:           Okay. We'll move to the next one. The next question is from Abhishek Bhandari. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Hi, thank you Sandeep. Sandeep, I have just 2 small quick questions. First, 
can we correlate that lower revenue growth or possibly a decline in your top 
client is also a lever for margin improvement? And two, if you can update on 
your M&A thoughts, particularly in Europe, given the significant correction 
in market valuations. And now I think we are almost three quarters down 
from our previous acquisitions. So, we should be preparing for the next ones. 
Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
I'll keep it brief. On the lower revenue growth from the top customer and 
margin correlations, there could be a minor impact from that, although you 
don't basically wish it that way. So, there could be some minor impact there. 
Now in terms of M&A, in terms of Europe, so we had been saying that 
overall, we want to pause on the M&A. We want to be able to digest what 
we have done in terms of M&A. And I'm very happy to say our M&A, 
whatever we have done, whether it is Data Glove, whether it is Shree 
Partners, whether it is SCI, whether it's MediaAgility, all of them have been 
going well on the integration part. So now in a way, we are getting ready to 
go back into the market and look at targets. And Europe will definitely be 
one area, but we'll be a little cautious about making sure that we watch the 
overall conflict in Europe, the macro in Europe. And if there are good 
opportunities in Europe that we can look at in line with our acquisition 
strategy, we'll definitely do that. But overall, even otherwise, we'll get active 
in the M&A market in the next few months. 
Moderator:               Next question is from Sandeep Shah. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
Sandeep Shah:  
Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to understand, if you look at in FY24, 
industry may witness a demand slowdown and last time we witnessed the 
demand slowdown as an industry was FY21. In that year, Persistent has done 
extremely well. And what has gone correct in our favour was a strong 
positioning on the digital side, which demand has started increasing after 
the COVID. In FY24, the dynamics could be different where demand on the 
cost takeout could be higher. So, on the cost takeout side, I think we are 
doing extremely well on the enterprise software ISV segment. But are we 
also having enough positioning in the BFSI and Life Sciences? Or we have to 
tweak the model? And can you describe that in terms of pipeline of cost 
takeout deals in all the three segments? And the last question is how to read 
Salesforce downgrading the guidance in terms of delay in decision making - 
any impact for us in terms of delaying client package implementation 
revenues or Salesforce as a practice for us, both for enterprise clients and 
Salesforce as a client? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Yes. So let me take the second question first, and we have, Sandeep, we have 
two minutes on the call. So, I'll try and give you a brief answer on both. So 
as far as Salesforce is concerned, our Salesforce practice is roughly about 
US$ 130 million today on an annual run rate basis, roughly. And this includes 
Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marking Cloud, MuleSoft, other things, Tableau 
and so on and so forth. Now part of the work we do is project oriented. Part 
of the work we do is also do managed services for larger implementations 
that we have done and that may have been done by others or the customer 
and so on. So as of this point in time, it's too early to say how this will pan 
out. As of this point in time, a significant chunk for us is also longer-term 
contracts. So, we'll let it pan out, and we are watching this carefully as it goes 
along. Now FY24 versus FY21, I do think we have enough capabilities. We 
have enough capacity creation that we've done on cost takeout related deals 
over the last many years. And we have the sales leadership delivery 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
leadership that understands this. And some of the deals that we have done 
over the last even 6 to 8 quarters have been on these lines. Although the 
proportion of cost takeout deals have increased in the last 1 to 2 quarters, 
and the pipeline is bigger there. So, rest assured, we have the capabilities. 
We understand both the enterprise software and the enterprise world. So, 
from that perspective, as a portfolio, I'm pretty confident if the industry does 
X, we'll only do delta X more than that and hopefully significantly more. So, 
with that, I think we should stop here. We are at 7:00 p.m. So, moderator, if 
we can take one last question, then we'll do the closing comments and go 
from there. 
Moderator:               And so, we will take the last question of Karan Uppal. 
Karan Uppal:  
Yes. Thanks, guys, for opportunity. Just one question on ACVs. So, our ACV 
to TVC ratio has seen a healthy downfall in last eight quarters, which is that 
you are able to win larger engagements with clients. Now with current 
macro in mind, do you think this trend will sustain with you winning larger 
deals?  
Sandeep Kalra:  
Yes. So, our endeavor would be to do larger deals and long-term deals. That 
is the intent. And we have been improving on it over a period of time. And I 
do think the macro being where it is, it is amenable to doing longer and larger 
deals. So, we let it pan out, but that's where the whole endeavor is. So, with 
that, we will stop. So, moderator, let me just make the closing comments 
and then you can do the closure. 
So, as we said before, we have had a good run over the last many quarters, 
including the last quarter. We'd like to thank our 22,400-plus team 
members, customers, partners and our investors for their support in our 
growth journey. We remain optimistic on our prospects for FY23 and 
beyond. Even as we are closely watching the macroeconomic developments 
and staying close to our key customers, we continue to aspire to maintain 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
industry-leading revenue growth combined with healthy levels of 
profitability. Thank you all for spending time with us on the call today. We 
wish you the best for the festive season ahead and look forward to 
connecting with you again in three months to provide an update on our 
ongoing progress. Please stay safe, stay healthy. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much to the Persistent management. Ladies and gentlemen, 
on behalf of Persistent Systems Limited, that concludes today's conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines and exit the 
call. Thank you. 
 
*************************************************************************** 
 
