Ref: SEC/SE/2022-23
Date: October 31, 2022
To,
Corporate Relation Department
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001
^^.'.
'^
^^^^
"•f'•
<^^
ffS
N
»<
'(
^>
W£T
India Ltd.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/l, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051
BSE Scrip Code: 500096
NSE Scrip Symbol: DABUR
Sub: Transcript of Investors' Conference Call for Dabur India Limited -
Q2 FY 2022-23 Financial Results
DearSir/Madam,
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Investors'
Conference Call organized on 27th October 2022 post declaration of Financial Results for the
quarter and half year ended 30th September 2022. The said transcript is also available on the
website of the Company at www.dabur.com.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
EVP (Finance) and Company Secretary
End:as above
^r
DABUR INDIA LIMITED, Punjabi Bhawan, 10, Rouse Avenue, New Delhi-110 002, Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax: +91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3, AsafAli Road, New Delhi - 1KTD02 (India)
PAN: AAACD0474C, CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908, Email: corpcomm@dabur.com, Website: www.dabur.com
ASHOK 
KUMAR 
JAIN
Digitally signed by ASHOK KUMAR JAIN 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=110092, st=DELHI, 
street=EAST DELHI, l=EAST DELHI, 
o=Personal, 
serialNumber=ecb3e1fdc2a028c70333c2d10
a7e968110c5d0645b352ed6dfd1bc6aad814
7b3, 
pseudonym=459e115d99c240908ca599222
de2db9e, 
2.5.4.20=08443b3bbbcf5f80cd46cc26add8b
8bdd652ffd20caa6b7340b03564e4b39dfa, 
email=ASHOK.JAIN@DABUR.COM, 
cn=ASHOK KUMAR JAIN 
Date: 2022.10.31 17:13:37 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Dabur India Limited  
Q2 FY23 Results  
Investor Conference Call” 
 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DABUR INDIA LTD. - MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. MOHIT MALHOTRA – CEO 
MR. ADARSH SHARMA – COO 
MR. ANKUSH JAIN – CFO 
MR. ASHOK JAIN – EVP (FINANCE) & COMPANY SECRETARY 
MS. GAGAN AHLUWALIA – VP (CORPORATE AFFAIRS) 
MR. MAYANK KUMAR – HEAD OF MARKETING, FOODS & BEVERAGES 
MR. N. KRISHNAN - DGM (FINANCE) 
 
 
 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the Management of Dabur India Limited, I 
welcome you to the conference call pertaining to results for the Quarter and Half Year Ended 
30th September 2022. 
Present here with me are Mr. Mohit Malhotra - Chief Executive Officer, Dabur India Limited; 
Mr. Adarsh Sharma – Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Ankush Jain - Chief Financial Officer; Mr. 
N. Krishnan - DGM (Finance); Mr. Ashok Jain – EVP (Finance) and Company Secretary; Mr. 
Mayank Kumar – Head of Marketing, Food & Beverages. We will start with an overview of the 
company's performance by Mr. Mohit Malhotra, followed by a Q&A session. Over to you, 
Mohit. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Good morning to everyone. A very Happy Diwali and Seasons Greetings to Everyone! Thank 
you for joining us today amidst the festive season.  
The operating environment continues to be challenging. We are seeing unprecedented inflation 
across the world, with 40-year highs in U.S., UK and other markets. India is also reeling under 
pressure of inflation which is visible in the CPI being higher than the MPC comfort levels target 
of around 6% for the 9th month in a row. Central Banks across the world are raising interest 
rates to curb inflation but this is impacting consumption and also leading to currency 
devaluations across the world and geographies. As a result, we are seeing GDP growth cuts 
across the board. 
In such an environment Dabur’s consolidated revenue from operations grew by 6% with a 
constant currency growth of 8.5%. India Business grew by 7%. The 3-year CAGR for revenue 
of India Business is at around 12% backed by double digit 3-year CAGR in all the three verticals 
of business, which is Healthcare, HPC and Foods. On account of continued unprecedented 
material inflation, our gross margins contracted by 300 bps plus, but this was partially offset by 
price increases and saving initiatives. This led to operating margins declining by around 190 bps 
to touch 20.1% in Q2 FY23. Consolidated profit after tax registered a decline of 2.8% to touch 
INR 490 crores during the quarter. 
In terms of the categories Food & Beverage business posted a stellar growth of 30%. The 
beverage business was on a strong trajectory and outperformed the industry significantly with a 
market share in J&N category increasing by 410 bps. This was further bolstered by strong 
traction in our food drinks and milkshake portfolio which has helped us to expand our total 
addressable market substantially. 
The Food business also performed well with the growth of 21%. It is also my pleasure to inform 
you that we have signed a definitive agreement to acquire 51% shareholding of Badshah Masala 
Private Limited. Badshah is one of the leading players in the spices and condiments category 
with major presence in Gujarat, Maharashtra and Telangana. The acquisition is in line with our 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
strategic intent to expand our Foods business to INR Rs. 500 crores in three years’ time and to 
expand into adjacent categories. It also enables our entry into Rs. 25,000 crore branded spices 
and seasonings market in India. We intend to leverage our market presence in both domestic and 
international markets to provide a further fillip to our Foods business. 
Coming to the HPC portfolio, we recorded a 6.3% growth on a high base of 17%, leading to a 
3-year CAGR of 11%. Toothpaste portfolio grew by 11.2% during the quarter. And our market 
share in toothpaste segment increased by 10 bps. Homecare reported a growth of 21% driven by 
robust double digit growth across Odonil and Sanifresh franchises. Odonil recorded an increase 
of 350 bps in market share in liquid air freshner category and Odomos increased its market share 
by 330 bps. Shampoo also recorded a 9% growth in an increase in market share of 40 bps. Hair 
Oil posted a 2% growth in the quarter impacted by category declining by 5.7% in volume. That 
said our 3-year CAGR, a healthy 7% in the Hair Oils category. Our market share in Hair Oils 
improved by 20 bps.  
The Healthcare portfolio is lapping over a two-year base of exponential growth due to COVID 
onset. On the 3-year CAGR basis, Healthcare continues to be on trend of around 10% CAGR. 
Our market share in Chyawanprash increased by 120 bps and in Honey increased by 40 bps. The 
new entrants in Honey category saw a significant shrinkage in market share by around 200 bps 
across both traditional trades and modern trades. Digestive category saw a flat growth on high 
base of 22.7%. Under OTC and Ethicals business Honitus and Shilajit reported strong growth. 
Among channels eCommerce was a standout performer with a growth of 50% and now 
contributes to around 9% of our revenue. Modern trade also saw double digit growth during the 
quarter.  
International Business reported a constant currency growth of 12% and a high base of 23% last 
year. Sub-Sahara Africa business grew by 18% and SAARC business clogged a double-digit 
growth. While Egypt and Turkey businesses reported robust double digit growth in constant 
currency terms they were impacted by severe currency devaluations leading to loss in 
translations. 
Overall, in spite of weak macroeconomic environment, we continue to drive our business 
aggressively and have gained market share across 95% of our portfolio. Going forward, we 
expect the quantum of inflation to moderate on account of high inflation in the bases. While 
current demand remains weak a strong festive season, near normal monsoon, a good harvest, 
and MSP increases should enable recovery in rural in the near term. Urban recovery will continue 
to be driven by a revival of economy, softening of inflation and buoyancy in new age channels. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
As for Dabur, we will continue to focus on gaining market share. Growing ahead of the industry 
on back of strong strength of our power brands, distribution coverage, innovation, cost 
optimization, efficiency enhancement initiatives. 
With this, I bring my address to a close and open the session to Q&A. Thank you very much. 
Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on Skin and Salon on a YoY basis; I understand high base was there because 
of sanitizer. On a three-year basis 1.1% is one of the lowest growth within your own categories. 
So, is there any shift in consumer behavior towards other products, other brands? See Nielsen 
market share data we know doesn't always capture the true trends. 
And second related question is on sanitary napkins. Will this be more of an eCommerce play, 
because this is a very tough category and we all already have entrenched brands also here. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right so Abneesh, first thing on Skin and Salon we were lapping over very high base. That's the 
reason why the growth of Skin and Salon is it’s -5%, which is there and it contains Sanitizer 
piece like you rightly noted. And I don't think there's anything structurally which is wrong in 
Skin and Salon except for that discretionary products consumption it has still not reached the 
pre-COVID level so it is taking some time. That said we are on an agenda to taking market share 
from local players. Local players are actually very strong. We have seen high price increases in 
the skincare to a tune of roughly around 8% to 9% whereas some local players have not taken 
those price increases. So, there is a little pushback coming from the consumer in terms of offtake. 
But I think as the advertising begins in Skin, I think the business should trend well. 
Just to tell you the initiatives that we have taken in Skincare we have revamped our entire 
Gulabari portfolio. And with the onset of winters, there will be a little bit pipelining also that we 
have put in place and in winter, we should see very good growth coming on Gulabari on the 
back of consumer promotions and new packaging revamp that we have done. Even in the Fem 
business there is a big revamp which is happening. 
On the Sanitary Napkin case this is essentially going to be an eCommerce place. We will test 
the market as to how it fares before we roll it out to modern trade like we do with most of our 
new products. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Related question, in last three years Dabur has hugely diversified its portfolio with a lot of the 
products on eCommerce. So, which ones are successful and when you say eCommerce is 9% of 
your sales, how much is coming from the products which have been launched in the last three 
years? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes so eCommerce is doing very well for us, as in the current quarter also, we’ve grown by 
roughly around 50% in eCommerce. Earlier we had some structural issues with Amazon etc., 
changing their partner and supply chain Cloudtail getting shifted to multiple other partners, but 
I think that is all behind us. And all the different verticals of eCommerce are doing well, whether 
it’s a marketplace or it’s the grocery verticals, or it is the pharmacy verticals all of them are 
doing exceedingly well. Plus, we have put in a separate infrastructure and businesses for 
eCommerce, and we are monitoring the business. And Quarter-on-Quarter our business is 
trending up as you can see that it's already 9% around four years back this used to be around 2% 
to 3%. Now, this has become a cradle for all the innovations for us. So, whenever we are 
launching a new concept or a new product, we are first testing it out on eCommerce because the 
cost of entry is very low and not significant investments are required on eCommerce. And we 
use digital marketing to create demand and also on platform demand generation is pretty 
economical as compared to the mass market. 
The products which have done really well for us in eCommerce, our baby care range has done 
exceedingly well for us. And Apple Cider Vinegar, which is done very well. Most of the other 
products and juices and drinks have done exceedingly well for us. Our edible oils are doing well. 
Shilajit, new launches and variants have done very well. The new product contribution on 
eCommerce is already 11% for us. So, I think most of the products which we have launched on 
eCommerce are doing quite well. 
And under the Real Chia Seeds and the Flaxseed both of them are doing well. As a matter of 
fact, the new launch of Peanut Butter is now trending among top sellers on eCommerce ahead 
of Pintola and other established players. 
Abneesh Roy: 
One question I grapple with is, you mentioned in Chyawanprash, the new entrant has lost market 
share on eCommerce etc. and modern trade. So, that same question I had is because you are also 
entering late in most of these categories, initial sales is there because of either advertising or just 
consumers just wanting to sample or the pricing whatever. You have confidence on these scaling 
up over three to four years? And will these be taken to the general trade also? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, so let me first address your first question. The new entrant when I meant was not 
Chyawanprash, it was Honey. In Honey, there was a quick scale up happen to around 5% to 6% 
market share levels in modern trade. But there, there has been a drastic fall in market share that 
we have seen of 200 to 300 basis points. And moreover, the NMR claim on back of which they 
had actually gained market share and so much of euphoria was created in the marketplace, as all 
died down now. The NMR claim is also gone and now they have launched a new variant with 
the sub-branding of Active and no more claiming NMR. So, I am suspicious on some 
optimization of the formulation also would have happened by the new player. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
So, I think it is the competency and the core competency not being there in these categories and 
that’s why the entrants have come in. As far as we are concerned on eCommerce, we launched 
a NPDs wherever we have a right to win. So, when I say we have a right to win, we have a core 
capability and a competency to create those products and we do not compete with established 
and a very big, organized players. We generally compete with the digital first players. And digital 
first players, don't have the wherewithal to scale the business in the general trade or in the brick-
and-mortar channels where we have our strengths and we can scale up. And we are not launching 
in the areas where we have that strength. We are launching it on their turf, which is digitally 
first. And if we do well in that digitally first space, then the chances of our success in a turf 
where we are strong is very positive, which is modern trade and in GT, which will come later 
for us. 
So, I don't think there is a problem. That said, Baby Care range is being scaled up to a modern 
trade and the other variants like Apple Cider Vinegar also being scaled up to modern trade. In 
modern trade also, we are not going to mass-modern trade, we are going through very selective 
modern trade chains and taking promoters to ensure that the progress of our NPD is very slow 
and gradual. And it is not that we give a target of doing a Rs. 10 crore or Rs. 20 crores, 2% 
market share targets to our team. We are talking about a share of shelf and share of market in 
the outlets that we are putting in. So, it's micro marketing that we guys are doing with our NPDs. 
So, that way I don't think we are actually worried because it is a very channel wise and a 
segmented launch that we guys are following. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second question is on Badshah Masala so after 60 years this brand is around Rs. 200 to Rs. 
250 crore size. So, which means in branded masala it's around 1% market share. So, what is the 
expectation of scale up here over a three to four years’ timeframe, given in 60 years it is around 
Rs. 200 crores? 
Second is of course a lot of the listed players are also having very aggressive plans here. And if 
you could talk about the margin profile versus your standalone margin and when you say cash 
EPS neutral in first year and EPS accretive in second year, what do you mean by that? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Okay, I will answer the first question. So, it's a very old brand. So, I think the answer lies in your 
question, I think there is so much of legacy and heritage in this brand, 64 years old brand, it's 
almost like Dabur which is 138-year-old entity which establishes a lot of trust and faith in the 
consumer franchise which is buying. Your point on market share yes they are around 4% to 5% 
market share in the core markets, they are basically present in Gujarat, Maharashtra and 
Telangana, where they are the good #2 player in the market with four to five share. And if you 
look at this whole masala and the condiment market the size of the market is very scalable and 
sizable around Rs. 25,000 crores as compared to categories like Oral Care or Hair Oil where we 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
operate in the Rs. 10,000 crore market sizes and Juices where we operate around Rs. 1500 to Rs. 
2000 crore market sizes, it’s a very lucrative large market. 
I think the first pivot of our winning is, that the market sizes where we enter should be scalable 
enough and there should be enough room for us to grow. And with that kind of a market size 
there is room for multiple organized players to come in and gain market shares. And this market 
is essentially unorganized. So, there's a lot of room to get converted from unorganized to 
organized from organized also to big, branded player. So, enough room for everybody to play. 
And this is a very should I say state-by-state market growth which one needs to follow. So, we 
are starting from Maharashtra and Gujarat and then we will extend this portfolio going forward. 
And we feel that there's a brand equity here which can be harnessed and can be ploughed. 
As far as the growth not being there in past decade or so around 4% or 5% of CAGR, I think 
there were issues within the family and that's why the growth was not there. The family was a 
little divided on the investments to be put behind the brand. And there hardly was any investment 
put behind the brand. But the jingle of Badshah it still resonates very well. 
As far as margins are concerned to your second point Abneesh, the margins are accretive whether 
it's a gross margin or operating margin it’s accretive to our foods portfolio margin and this will 
only add on and improve our margins in the food segment where we guys operate with essentially 
Beverage portfolio. We have a vision to extend our Beverage portfolio to a Food & Beverage 
portfolio. And this is an attempt in that direction to become a Food & Beverage company rather 
than being only a Beverage play. We have a 70% market share in the Beverage play. But we 
want to extend this to the Food segment. 
Ankush Jain: 
What we mean by this is that profit after tax, net of the interest opportunity cost will be accretive 
within the first two years. And without taking into account the brand amortization, which will 
come subsequently but cash EPS will definitely be accretive as such in two years and going 
forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And Mohit on the question of the distribution scale up because you said only few states Badshah 
is present, will your plan be to first focus on these key states or you want to first take PAN India 
presence? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, not really. So, we have a very focused strategy on this. So, in first stage we will focus on 
Gujarat, Maharashtra and Telangana that is the key core states. In the second phase, we will 
focus on the adjoining state which is Rajasthan. And subsequently, we will look at scaling it up 
to all India where Dabur has a presence. So, first that is the geography wise play. 
As far as the distribution play is concerned, Badshah have got a distribution to roughly around 
80,000 outlets so Dabur has a much huger scale of distribution, whether it's direct or indirect in 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
both urban and rural. I think that distribution within the current states will be strengthen before 
we move on to the adjacent states and then subsequently to the rest of India. But for rest of India 
as you know, this is very specific to the palate, likings and preference driven category. So, we 
will have to create a back end and create flavors, which are in tune with the preferences and the 
pace of the consumers in other geographies also. So, that scale up will happen in due course of 
time. 
Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just two questions which are burning in my mind. During the COVID period, our Healthcare 
business has moved from almost 23% to 24% to almost 40% when I look at Quarter 3 last year. 
Now, clearly Healthcare tailwinds are not there and the product decline is already there. So, just 
wanted your thought that how we should look at this business the rest of the year? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, Shirish pre-COVID, the business was roughly around 30% contribution to our overall 
business in Healthcare. So, Healthcare obviously got a growth spurt of around 70% during the 
two years of COVID, year 1 and year 2, post that there has been a rebalancing of portfolio which 
was expected to happen and which is happening. One thing is very heartening for us is that the 
penetration levels of these Healthcare categories has gone up vs the pre-COVID levels. So, if 
you look at the business, and this is the offseason that you are looking at. Now in season, we 
will be back to 30% contribution in this business. If you look at the Foods business also that 
went down to something like around 15% or even lesser than that and it's back to 20% level, 
even the HPC business which was the more discretionary in nature and that went down to around 
40% levels is back to 50% level. So, the rebalancing of portfolio mix which has happened and 
it's going to be back to the pre-COVID levels, so which will be 30% of Healthcare, Foods being 
around 20%, HPC is around 50%. And that's what we expected to be going forward also. 
The good thing is because of the catalytic impact of COVID now some penetration levels in 
these categories have kind of stabilized and they are higher than the pre-COVID levels. And 
during the COVID period, we have actually gained sustainable market share. If you look at 
Chyawanprash I think year-on-year in past three years, we have gained something like around 
more than 1500 bps overall in these three years. So, we have actually strengthened our market 
leadership in Chyawanprash. We have strengthened our market leadership in Honey. In Honey, 
pre-COVID, we lost to Patanjali. But post-COVID we have regained the entire ground and our 
market share in the range of about 50% in Honey also despite newer players coming in because 
the whole market opened up and there was a growth we have not seen any slack in terms of our 
market share. And as a leader, we are growing this category as a leader and continuously 
launching newer format, newer innovations, packaging revamps etc. like you have seen in 
Honey. We have extended ourselves into Organic Honey, we have extended ourselves into 
squeezy pack. Now we are launching PET bottles where we have gone into Honey Tasties, we 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
will be launching a Honey Tea and Honey for Cough and Cold. So, there are separate, multiple 
pivots and opportunities of growth which actually opened up post-COVID for us. And so is the 
case in Chyawanprash. In Chyawanprash also we see Chyawanprash in powder form coming in, 
Chyawanprash Diabetic scaling up, Chyawanprash Gud based coming in. And so therefore it 
just opened up the whole market for us. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second question on the Beverages part. Now we have a very strong strategy and we are now 
expanding and representing a larger market. So, if you can give me some data points that when 
we had only one brand, which is Real, and now we have Beverages, so what kind of distribution 
leg up which we have seen and what leg up will still continue next two to three years, because I 
clearly see that the Dairy Beverages is growing upward of 25%. So, in that context, what we 
should estimate I mean this is purely from the modeling purposes I am asking the question? 
Mayank Kumar: 
So, in Beverages, we were playing in Juices & Nectar category, and we had around 80% to 85%, 
Numeric Distribution (ND) with 90% Weighted Distribution (WD). We have been able to 
expand and add about one and a half lakh outlets from the pre-COVID level. Actually during 
COVID the distribution went down because of people staying indoor, and with the Drinks 
portfolio coming in what is really happening it is giving us legs to expand Real into rural areas, 
into areas where we were not there because earlier Juices & Nector was primarily urban centric 
and a town class one centric brand. Now with the right price point and with the right packaging, 
we are really expanding our distribution into rural. We have created a whole suite of stockiest 
network; we are going out to about 18,000 sub-stockists now. And on back of that network even 
the price points of Rs. 20 which is the Real Juices & Nectar price point that is also finding a lot 
of headroom for distribution expansion. We are already there in about three lakh outlets as far 
as the drink business is concerned which we have created. We are poised to be above Rs. 200 
crore portfolio in Drinks which was launched a couple of years back. 
So, there is a huge distribution opportunity for us. Earlier, when we were playing in the Juices 
& Nectar category which is a premium category, we were limited to urban centers. Now we are 
expanding into new geographies, be it beyond North to other geographies, like East, Central, 
Western and South, or be it beyond Metros and Class I towns to other town classes and rural 
markets. So, that's what the strategy is. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Mohit my last question on Badshah, in terms of channel mix, if you can help me what is the 
channel mix in terms of modern trade, general trade? 
And second, if you can give me some broad saliency, how much Gujarat and Maharashtra market 
contributes to the overall sales? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, Shirish, second question first, that's the easier one. So, around 80% to 90% of the business 
comes from Gujarat, Maharashtra and some places that are adjacent to Maharashtra and Andhra 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Pradesh and Telangana, so now 80% to 90% of the business happens from there. So, it's very 
focused sort of the play which is there. In terms of channel mix, majority of the business is 
happening from GT which is around 95%. eCommerce is almost zero, and for Dabur eCommerce 
it’s around 9%. So, I think this gives us a huge opportunity to make eCommerce at least 5% in 
a couple of years to come. Modern trade again, it's 3% for them, and for us Modern trade is 
roughly around 10%. So, we will scale up 3% to 10% and stage it up. So, there will be a lot of 
leverage, which will happen with the Dabur’s infrastructure for Badshah. 
Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question is on the acquisition itself that you have given some FY'23 estimates of revenue 
and EBITDA if you were to derive it, which shows a reasonably strong growth in FY'23 versus 
what best we did in '22. So, how confident are you that the '23 numbers are reasonable and not 
very aggressive, because you will probably not have much inputs to put in '23 itself. And the 
second was on the margins, once it comes into Dabur’s fold, will the cost structure increase in 
the sense that you will have more overheads, and may have to put advertising? And will you be 
able to hold this 23% kind of EBITDA margin that you have. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, as far as the numbers for the current year is concerned, we are well on the way to achieve 
those numbers. So, six months have already elapsed, and we have already done more than around 
50% of the numbers. So, I don't think there is any issue in terms of achieving those numbers. 
And Arnab as I have told you before that there was a little rift between the family and that's why 
the investments were actually stopped before the whole sell out, and this deal has actually 
happened. And that's why the growths were muted in the past. But I think now leveraging 
Dabur’s infrastructure etc., I don't think there is any impediment in terms of growing this 
business to the numbers that we have taken. And we really think that we should grow this 
business at a 20% plus CAGR over the next 4 to 5 years. And that is what is there as a game 
plan. 
And the whole strategy has been created around achieving those numbers, whether it's a 
distribution strategy, or its investments or it is a channel mix, or it is price pack architecture, or 
it is introducing new brands or variants or extending geographies or creating new formulations 
so all that blueprint already has been created. And I think there will be huge synergies. I don’t 
think we will bolt on, we will take Badshah as a standalone entity, because we only acquired a 
51% stake and the promoters of the Company are still there. And the promoter will be the 
Managing Director of the Company and we will want to get a lot of learnings from the promoters. 
So, they will not be the overheads of Dabur which will be saddled onto Badshah, they will be 
running the Company independently. And as with a Board doing the governance of the Company 
and on the Board, Dabur will have a majority stake and we will be running the Company very 
prudently and judiciously. I don't think there will be any overhead which will come in, because 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
Dabur is acquiring that Company but then -- professional talent will be actually seeded in the 
Board, and that we will do and in due course of time that we will let you know as to who will be 
from the Dabur side. 
So, most probably the finance and marketing and sales distribution will be people from the 
Dabur’s side and owner will also be there to help us and guide us with the entire relationships 
which are existing there. And also, on the purchasing prowess that they have, 50% of the raw 
materials that we purchase in Herbs and Spices is common to Badshah. So, there will be a lot of 
leverage and the scale benefits that we will get in terms of procurement also. 
Arnab Mitra: 
And there is one add-on question to that this acquisition of the balance 49% stake, 5 years down 
the line, is it a option that you have and is there a valuation that has already been decided on 
which that transaction will happen? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, it is not an option. It's a compulsory acquisition that we will have to do at the end of 5 years. 
And that's the part of the SPA that we have signed and it will be as the same multiple of revenue 
and EBITDA that we have acquired 51% stake at the end of 5 years, it will be on the same 
multiple of EBITDA and revenue. 
Arnab Mitra: 
And just last question on this also brand amortization, which I think you briefly mentioned, 
would you be amortizing the entire brand over a period of time, or if you could help us 
understand how much of amortization comes in from this? 
Ankush Jain: 
I think this brand amortization will be valued. And a fair value of the brand will be established 
at the time of acquisition. We expect this to be obviously amortized over a period of 10 years, 
which is in line with our accounting policy. And the share of that will be approximately Rs. 40 
crores to Rs. 50 crores which will come to our P&L, which is a non-cash item. 
Arnab Mitra: 
For the overall Dabur consolidated business, how do you see it in the second half given how 
commodities in your mix are trending right now? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right, so therefore the inflation in the current quarter has been around 10%. And we expect the 
inflation to abate a little bit to 6% levels as we are navigating a high base of last year inflation. 
So, we expect inflation to be around 6% and the price increase benefit of 6% kicks in now so we 
expect the inflation to moderate in the coming quarters. With that sequentially, our margins 
should be better. But there will be some amount of margin erosion, which can't be ruled out in 
this quarter and also in the next quarter. Only in the next fiscal year we will have a benefit but 
sequentially, the margins will continuously become better as we go into the 3rd quarter, and the 
4th quarter. 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Harit Kapoor from Investec 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just had two questions. Firstly, was on the gross margin again, how much of these 300 bps 
decline that happened in the first half would you or 350 odd bps declined has happened in the 
first half in India, would you attribute to the inflation impact? And how much would you kind 
of attribute it to mix because you have also seen health supplements in Healthcare category 
actually decline and Foods actually grow at a faster pace. 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes, Harit, out of this 350 odd bps, 200 bps could be purely because of inflation, rest 100 bps 
would be basically because of mix, and 50 bps would be basically because of some rebalancing 
in consumer promotions since we had to cut in the spends, so broadly these three factors.. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
But that said, we actually mitigated this 350 bps erosion in the gross margin, when it comes to 
operating margin. Operating margin falls only on 190 bps. So, I think that has come on back of 
some saving initiatives that we did in the first half, roughly around Rs. 40 crores. And there has 
been obviously price increases, which have happened. And leverage coming from S&M also has 
helped us to bridge this gap between 300 to 190. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Second question is on these new product launches. So, it seems like the mode of launches are 
going to be starting from eCommerce, then moving to select Modern trade. And then depending 
on the performance of the launches, once you kind of, if they meet your action standards, then it 
goes into GT. So, is this typically going to be the template that you use and it seems like you 
have over the last couple of years, but is this typically a template you want to use across new 
launches? And if there are any exceptions if you could kind of mentioned in the last two years, 
if you have done anything different, whether you started with GT or started with MT, so just 
wanted your sense on that? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, I think this is a good standard playbook that we have actually established for NPD. And this 
is also helping us conserve the investment which is going behind establishing a new product, 
because eCommerce is a little more economical channel wherein the investments are not huge. 
And if you launch it lock stock barrel in GT, the investments on the mass media, especially in 
the Hindi satellite are very heavy, and it burns a hole in our pocket, especially with inflation 
being there we can't afford that to do. So, eCommerce is a great platform to fly a test balloon, 
and it establishes. And moreover, the consumers who are shopping on eCommerce are also the 
ones who are early adopters. And these early adopters want to try the new brand. So, it's working 
out well. And then we roll it out in MT and then followed by GT. 
I don't remember any exceptions, which has actually happened. If at all, there are some 
exceptions, like in the MFD category, we have launched Vita there. But that's also in selective 
open format outlets of GT where we had actually rolled that out. Otherwise, we are following 
this playbook, which is kind of working well for us. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
Harit Kapoor: 
One last housekeeping question if I may, you mentioned 9% in eCommerce so what could be 
MT now in terms of share? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Around 10% for us. 
Shrenik Bachchawat from LIC Mutual Fund 
Shrenik Bachchawat: 
My first question is, could you share the state wise revenue share for Badshah as of now, 
Maharashtra, Gujarat and Telangana? 
Mayank Kumar: 
Maharashtra is around 35%, Gujarat is 40%, and Telangana is around 10%. 
Shrenik Bachchawat: 
And what is the outlook on the ad spend for FY'23 like how will ad spend span out for the second 
half. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See the advertising spends for us have been muted, we cut back on advertising spends by around 
20% plus in the 2nd quarter, that is because the inflationary pressures were high. Some amount 
of optimization of advertising was required, but our overall advertising, ad pro spends which is 
advertising and promotion spent in the quarter has gone up by around 7%. So, that is in line with 
our top line. So, there hasn't been any cut in the advertising and promotional, it is just moving 
resources from one bucket to the other, we have not advertised, but it all depends upon the 
channel mix where we felt, it was for the competitive intensity and the demand situation. 
So, as the demand situation improves, we will put our money into advertising. And if the demand 
situation is not improving, and the categories continue to decline, then we have to fight for 
market shares and sell shares in which the trade spends and the consumer spends become more 
important than the advertising spends. So, the situation is pretty in flux. So, it depends upon how 
we maneuver those spends depending upon what competitive intensity that we face. So, I can't 
comment, but that said around overall spends are in the range of around 15% for us and will 
remain that much. 
Shrenik Bachchawat: 
From the new Indore plant, the new CAPEX that we are doing for Rs. 326 crore, what is the 
asset turn expected in that front? 
Ankush Jain: 
Indore plant, the CAPEX which we are planning Rs. 325 crores. We are expecting around three 
times asset turnover, so Rs. 900 odd crores turnover will come at the peak of it. So, which will 
be roughly three times. 
Shrenik Bachchawat: 
So, around Rs. 900 crores revenue should be achieved by FY'26 or FY'27? 
Ankush Jain: 
I think in the peak around between FY'27 you can say. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
Shrenik Bachchawat: 
And just to come back on Badshah and as you said that the market share is around 4% to 5% for 
Badshah Masala so that is in Maharashtra and Gujarat, right, Telangana would be much lesser. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
That's right in the geographies where they are present, in Gujarat and Maharashtra. 
Shrenik Bachchawat: 
Telangana would be around 1% to 2% --? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Telangana would be small around 5% market share, actually it’s 5% market share in the blended 
category. 
Avi Mehta from Macquarie 
Avi Mehta: 
Just wanted to kind of first understand on the rural recovery, you remain optimistic, would you 
say your confidence on rural recovery is higher versus what you saw in 1st quarter or and if yes, 
what could have driven that? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, so I don't know if I have been very optimistic, not really. So, I think what's happening is 
Avi that rural for Dabur, as you know was for past six quarters always trending ahead of urban. 
And this is the 1st quarter where we have seen the rural lagging behind urban whereas the 
category indicators which are the early indicators that we get that rural was lagging. But Dabur 
has actually put in a lot of infrastructure in terms of appointing Yoddha, 10,000 Yoddha’s which 
is actually contributing to around Rs. 20 crores of our sales. And our village reach has actually 
gone up to 100,000. So, we did not see the telltale signs of a little slowdown happening in rural, 
while the FMCG category was all pointing to the the same thing. 
This quarter, we have seen rural actually growing by only 1% and our urban business growing 
at around 6%. So, we have seen credit pressure, liquidity pressure coming in rural business and 
more so in the rural heartland of Dabur, which is more UP and Bihar. And UP and Bihar the 
problem actually got exacerbated by the monsoon also being a little patchy in those areas. While 
all India, the monsoon has been good. But in our specific areas where there is a huge reliance of 
rural, in Bihar and UP for us, there the monsoon has been a little patchy. And therefore, a little 
slowdown is what we are seeing and credit pressure, liquidity pressure is what we are seeing in 
these areas. 
It's very difficult for me to give you a definitive answer as to when will the rural recovery start, 
but I think the festive season, it kind of brought in a little glimmer of hope. In terms of our 
pipeline filling for Healthcare product has been good in rural with Chyawanprash and Honey 
kind of kicking in. And in the month of September, we have actually seen some growth 
happening in our Healthcare business here. So, that is what gives us a little optimistic hope that 
rural might just come back around. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Avi Mehta: 
The second question was on the margin front, you did allude very clearly that sequentially, I 
think the worst of the gross margin pressures are behind us, because inflation eases off and price 
increases go through, would it be fair to argue that second half EBITDA margin performance 
should also kind of mirror this in that sense? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
That's right, absolutely. So, we talked about EBITDA margins only. So, EBITDA margins 
sequentially are better, and they will get better in the second half. And we want to maintain our 
EBITDA operating margins in the range of 20% to 21% for the whole year, which is what the 
guidance also that we have given in the past. 
Avi Mehta: 
And lastly, for Badshah, the acquisition, I understood the revenue synergies, you were kind of 
alluding to some synergies at the backend. But would you argue that the higher chunk of 
synergies is something that would be revenue driven? And margin is something that would not 
be the case? I mean, I guess that was the read through, but I just wanted to kind of understand it 
better from your perspective, was that understanding correct? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, so the synergies are actually immense in the business. So, first is obviously the distribution 
muscle of Dabur, especially in the rural, that is huge for us in whether it’s a core market of 
Badshah or the non-core market of Badshah, I think rural village reach of Dabur is far better. 
And in rural, you sell small, low unit price point packs, and they don't have that so we are putting 
up CAPEXs and increasing capacity for them also, that's one area of the states in which we can 
expand. 
Then the non-core urban markets, where they are not present and Dabur is present, that is a 
second lever of synergy that we will get. Then the third leg of synergy is alternative channels 
like Modern Trade and eCommerce where they are not present and we people are present in. 
The fourth synergy is actually overheads because being a smaller business, their overheads are 
higher, as compared to a Dabur which will leverages existing infrastructure, and our marginal 
cost basis, we can just tag on this business to our business. That's the fourth. 
The fifth is the procurement efficiency, which we buy on scale, and our systems processes enable 
us to get better deals as compared to the verbal negotiations which happen in their case.  
Seventh is automation in the factories, which today they are manual operations, we will automate 
and therefore reduce manpower there. So, that is another level of synergy. And then, obviously, 
the manning in the organization structure can also be leveraged. 
But this will be reinvested back in advertising spends, that they have been cutting back on, and 
therefore creating margin. So, whatever synergies we get, we will plough it back into the 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
business, in advertising, because I think demand has to be created and this category is high 
decibel advertising category, where we need to invest money in creating the demand. 
Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas 
Kunal Vora: 
First question on Badshah, what's the reason for buying only 51% and not 100% to start with? 
And you said you expect strong growth in revenue as well as profitability. So, you will have to 
share some benefits of that with the promoters for the remaining 49%. And also, the promoter 
will continue to remain the MD. So, will you be able to drive all the changes you want to 
implement with promoter still being in control? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
First thing Kunal, I think, a good question. So, obviously these deals happen over a period of 
time and we have been in discussions and in talks with them for over 5 years now. And the deal 
has got consummated after a span of 5 years. So, there have been deliberations and discussions 
which have been happening with the promoters over a period of time in which we have 
established that chemistry connect also, so I don't think they being the Managing Director on the 
Board will hamper, actually it will help us because we are getting into this new category. It is an 
alien category for us. We have not done the business like this. And we need to get that 
understanding onboard and with the promoters being there, I think they will only handhold us 
because there are so many nuances that we will have to understand in this category. And there 
is a stickiness in the relationships, which is there as far as distribution and the channels is 
concerned. So, that stickiness of relationship also has to be harnessed. And with the Dabur’s 
prowess in negotiations, so, that will come very handy. 
Plus, creation of products involves a lot of understanding of the tastes and preferences of the 
core markets, and the promoters are Gujarati they understand the taste palate so well of the 
Gujarati consumer. So, therefore, extending the product, creating new variants, looking at the 
market, so we can provide the analysis and they can provide the real culinary sense of the taste 
of the local consumer. 
So, a lot of learning has to come from them. And that's why (a) in a sense, the promoters would 
not sell out a Company, if we were to acquire 100%. They would not agree to that, that's one, 
(b) A lot of learning has to come from the promoter, and they will handhold us, plus, it will take 
us that much of time to understand the Company. So, if a part of that benefit will go to the 
promoters over a period of 5 years, we are okay with that. So, that's the way the deals happen, 
which are more win-win relationships, rather than a one-way deal. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
And just to add to that a professional team is going to manage the business along with the 
Managing Director, and most of the members of that will be nominated by Dabur. So, we expect 
that all the changes and synergies that we want to capture, we will not have any issues, taking 
them forward. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
Kunal Vora: 
My second and last question, I just wanted to understand how did the reduced advertisement 
spends impact the strength of the brands, like we have seen this happening across the board, all 
companies have lowered ad spends. So, like besides the gross margin pressure, is there anything 
structurally which has changed, like say television, digital dynamics, because of which as spends 
have been lowered? And how does it impact the business in the longer term, reduce 
advertisement spends? 
Ankush Jain: 
So, the question is the reduced A&P spent, how did it impact demand in the long term, , so this 
is specifically for Dabur, though in the short term, we understand that there are pressures and 
therefore A&P spend being reduced? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
But you know, as far as we are concerned, the acid test of a brand’s growth is market share gain 
in volume and value and more so in volume and that's what we are trending. So, as you know, 
95% of the portfolio, we guys are gaining market share, whether you gain market share, through 
advertising, pool creation or through pushing the product and the consumer actually uses it that's 
the acid test. And we have been gaining market share and strengthening our position in the 
marketplace. 
So, as the situation warrants the investment moves into that particular sphere, depending upon 
how the demand is, competitive intensity is. So, that's the way things are. So, I don't think this 
is going to hamper the brand, but that said we are completely, for investing behind our power 
brands and new products that we guys are launching, as the situation becomes a little better, we 
will be back into investing behind the brand, the way we were used to doing it, and actually 
increasing our investments there in the brand. So, that philosophy is absolutely with us. 
Kunal Vora: 
Earlier you were looking at ad spends to much higher levels like you wanted to go beyond 10% 
today we are at like 5.5%, so where does it settle, like would it settle somewhere in between? 
Do you want to go back to double digit ad spends or? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
You know the intent is to go back to double digit ad spends as the situation demands. But at the 
moment because of the inflationary pressures being so high, I think temporarily we have actually 
got some efficiencies coming in on optimization of advertising which has actually happened, but 
that would not be a long term strategy. Long term is always to cut back on trade and consumer 
spending and put the money back into advertising. 
Kunal Vora: 
On Middle East and Namaste, where you have seen declines in sales in on constant currency 
basis, what's happening there. And how do these markets look like for the coming quarters? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Again, inflation is the main culprit, there has been huge inflation. Like in India, we have seen a 
10% inflation, in Middle East, we have seen a inflation of around 30%. And the 30% inflation 
is coming in because this entire portfolio is our HPC portfolio, which is Personal Care portfolio. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
And which is very crude denominated in terms of the raw material prices. In addition to that we 
have seen Dollar actually strengthening. So, because of the inflation, we had to take price 
increases to an extent over 20% there, and because of the 20% price increase, we feel a little 
backlash coming from the marketplace and inventories also, reluctance of the distributors to 
pickup the high price stock. I think it's a momentary issue, which will get resolved. 
So, it is because of that most of the categories while they are growing in terms of value, but 
volume wise, they are actually declining there. But I think it’s a momentary thing, which is 
happening, both in the U.S. and also in our MENA Markets. 
Mihir Shah from Nomura 
Mihir Shah: 
So, firstly, I wanted to just pick a little bit more, get some more thoughts on the overall demand 
environment. I mean, narrative for most companies has been that demand is expected to improve 
going forward. But the recent demand improvement that we have seen in urban and you did 
highlight on rural demand that you are witnessing for yourself. So, the recent urban demand can 
also largely be a festival linked uptick that is there and can easily fizzle away. Any data or trends 
that you are witnessing, that can give you some insights on how rural demand and urban demand 
is expected to shape up going forward from here? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, see the demand environment is actually pretty lukewarm as far as the data, what the data 
tells us. If I look at the syndicated data of Nielsen, we have seen a growth in the market, which 
was roughly around 10.9% has come down to around 8.1%. And the volumes have actually gone 
down by around 2.2% which was in the range of around 0.9% in the last quarter. So, the volumes 
are going down, the growth that you are seeing in the syndicated data is all coming on back of 
the price increases. And because of inflation, price increases, the interest rates are going up, so 
therefore, there all efforts being made by the government not to revive the demand, but if you 
destruct the demand to reduce the inflation. So, therefore, the telltale signs are to destruct the 
demand so that the inflation actually comes down. And that's the pressure that we people are 
facing. And we are not seeing this actually going down. 
So, the only recourse for companies like us is to consolidate our positions and maintain margins 
as much as we can, and gain market shares, and get to a trajectory of growth through gaining 
market shares and consolidating your position. That is what Dabur is doing. 
As far as urban and rural is concerned, we have seen rural decline at around from a category 
perspective decline by around 4.5% to 5%. And urban is just there, which is actually flat, which 
is also flat on back of the emerging channels like eCommerce and Modern trade, doing well, and 
they are all opening up after the huge backlog of COVID. So, but festive season is important, 
some glimmer of hope for us. And we hope that this will last and this will sustain. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Mihir Shah: 
And I hear your comments on ad spends that you mentioned and the promotion. But only on 
gross margins, again, you did mention that you are expecting gross margin, or you are expecting 
raw material inflation to ease, to about 6% and you have already taken 6% pricing. So, does that 
really mean that from next quarter onwards on a YoY basis, you will not have a material pressure 
on gross margins, I mean, is that understanding correct? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, not really. We did sequentially. So, it's actually Quarter 2 has been relatively better than 
Quarter 1, and Quarter 3 will be better than the Quarter 2. But if you look at year-on-year there 
will be inflation of around 6% though.But if there is a price increase of 6% that's not good enough 
to offset the inflation of 6%, you need to take a price increase of roughly around 10% or 11% to 
offset in places of 6% material prices., because you operate at a gross margin levels of around 
45% to 50%. So, that's how it is. So, there will be some pressure on the margin for year-on-year, 
but sequentially there will be operating margin improvement, definitely. 
Ankush Jain: 
So, what we can say is the contraction in margins will come down significantly from currently 
50 odd levels, the contraction will come down significantly, in gross margins on a YoY basis, at 
least by 50% or so, Yes. 
Tejash Shah from Spark Capital 
Tejash Shah: 
My first question pertains to rural demand. And if we see among FMCG players, for last almost 
eight to twelve quarters, there is no consensus on rural demand. And that has been missing for 
quite some time. Overall, it looks more reflexive and led by recency bias for each company. But 
by and large, it has been tepid for long. And when we see this in relation to discretionary 
categories, they have been talking about a lot of premiumization and rural penetration led 
growth. So, how should we actually try to marry these two trends where discretionary categories 
are coming with reasonably better commentary on rural demand and FMCG players? And are 
we seeing any such divergent trends within our basket in favor of discretionary portfolio, in 
rural? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, I don't know, there is no right explanation. I don't know what you are saying, but as far as 
we are concerned, the way we feel that rural demand has been tepid, and we have been seeing 
downtrading which is actually happening in the rural areas and our LUPs are doing well. And 
the inflation impact in the rural areas has been more as compared to in the urban area. So, they 
see that cutting back of the pack sizes also which has happened in the rural areas, and those 
products are doing well for us. So, we have seen Rs. 10 price points and Rs. 20 price points 
actually doing well. Rs. 1 and Rs. 2 price points also doing well. Our shampoo sachets are 
performing better than the shampoo bottles. 
As far as the premium products doing well in rural, we have not seen that happen as Dabur. But 
a theoretical explanation could be a case of recovery, which they say, but we have not seen that 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
pan out in the rural areas is basically for us. That is more evident, I think in urban but not in 
rural. 
Tejash Shah: 
Second on broader capital allocation that we are seeing FMCG players across, there is a 
disproportionate thrust on putting money organically or inorganically both on food side of the 
portfolio. Many HPC guys are actually now acquiring assets on that side, including what we 
have done now. So, does it mean that HPC as a basket is not as attractive on inorganic route 
except some D2C initiatives. And broadly, we are seeing a lot of opportunities on the food side 
or how should we read or there is nothing to read on this? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, no, I think very good point actually made. The way I see it in a inflationary environment 
like this when companies are all taking price increases, there are some categories which are more 
elastic and some categories are inelastic. The food market and the staple market in India because 
it's so unbranded in nature, that is very inelastic in nature. So, no matter how much of inflationary 
pressures are there, and the market passes on that inflationary pressure to the consumer, this is 
an inelastic demand so the demand will always be there whether its edible oil or it is a food, and 
that's why the food category is growing at a fast pace. And what happens is in a discretionary 
category, we see the pressure being too much and people cutting back on discretionary in an 
inflationary environment. And that's why the discretionary products don't do so well. And India 
is a large unbranded market so a lot of inorganic play will happen in India, and we will see a lot 
of consolidation from unorganized to organize which will happen in India. That's why you see a 
lot of deals happening in foods. 
That said, I think the personal care market is also very low penetrated in this country. And if you 
look at examples of Southeast Asia or examples of Middle East, I think the penetration levels of 
personal care are low, and there is so much of catching up to be done in personal care. But I 
think the times are not great, these are inflationary time, these times are not great for us, or for 
any D2C player to scale up a premium product or a personal care product. But I think on a long-
term basis personal care should also see a lot of deals, which will happen in relation to Foods, 
and in relation to Healthcare, which is becoming salient and which are the three buckets that we 
have of businesses. So, it's not that we are shifting our resources into Foods, we want our Foods 
to be about 20, and also the put thrust on our HPC portfolio and our Healthcare portfolio, which 
is a window to Dabur’s equity in the long term. 
Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley 
Sheela Rathi: 
My first question was, with respect to, you are talking about 95% market share gains across the 
category. And I think this is a very strong delivery. Just wanted to understand is there any 
category where we are seeing larger competitive intensity, both from large players, as well as 
D2C side? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, that's right. So, there are a couple of categories, so that's 5% is where we are facing 
competitive intensity. So, for example, Hair Oils is somewhere that we are facing a huge 
competitive intensity and that comes from one of the larger players, and at a lower price point. 
So, as you know Dabur Amla is a high price player and we compete with the competitor, who is 
at half our price. And therefore we have a flanker brand strategy, we need to strengthen or invest 
money in our core brand and protected by creating boats with our flanker brands. So, that is the 
strategy which is intact, and that is to hedge the competition that we are facing from almost like 
a market leader in the Hair Oils category. Barring that, I don't think we have any competitor 
wherein we are really worried. 
In the Healthcare portfolio we had a competitor make an entry, but I think it got washed away. 
And we have only strengthened our position. So, barring Hair Oils, I don't think anything else 
worries us. Except in our Skincare portfolio, we are facing some pressure from local, small 
players, which are very regional players which are undercutting us like in FEM bleaches we face 
some competition from very local players which are Punjab based, UP based etc. But that is 
something that we can easily counter reasonably well as we have deeper pockets, as compared 
to them as one can maneuver. 
As far as D2C is concerned, not really, I don't think we are facing any pressure on D2C. As a 
matter of fact, any category in D2C where we are entering, we are seeing our market share gains 
are instantaneous in D2C because consumer sees that trust and legacy and especially in the 
Healthcare category, and in the HPC category much better with Dabur as compared to a smaller 
D2C player. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Second question was with respect to the Food & Beverages category expansion, especially on 
the distribution side. So, where do we see the distribution network being in the next three years? 
And just a part to it is you talked about the playbook on the online side or the eCommerce side, 
which is working out very well. Do you think on the F&R portfolio, you think the same strategy 
will work out or you would need to be more aggressive on the GT side or the MT side? 
Mayank Kumar: 
So, I just talked about some sort of fusion expansion strategy that we take with our Beverage 
portfolio, especially after getting into the Drinks portfolio. So, just to give you a flavor of the 
next three years since that’s what you are talking about, so we have started this journey from 
North and East, next season we will be expanding majorly in Central, West and South part of 
India. So, that's how it will play out in the next three years. So, we are slowly and steadily 
building up our rural network and creating our own rural footprint rather than riding on the CCD 
or the FMCG footprint. Earlier we used to ride on the FMCG footprint, but now with substantial 
business coming in, we are creating our own Foods footprint because the kind of outlets that we 
cater to, the kind of routes that will cater to, the kind of Beverage outlets that we cater to are 
very different from FMCG outlet. And we are also appointing people who have an experience 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
of Beverage category in terms of distribution and that is giving us a lot of synergies and that is 
really helping us scale the distribution very fast. 
So, that's how, in the next 3 years this will pan out. We will reach out to newer town classes, 
rural markets, newer outlets, because E&D kind of outlets are very important. So, that's to answer 
your first part of the question. 
As far as the second part of the question is concerned, because of the weight value ratio, 
Beverage portfolio is not so conducive for eCommerce. But what has happened really is Quick 
Commerce, which has now become very important for us, that has really helped Beverage 
portfolio. And I think as Quick Commerce goes up, it will really help the Beverage and the 
snacking portfolio, and that is what we are seeing. Our Quick Commerce used to contribute 
about 15% of the revenues for Beverages as far as last year is concerned, now it has gone up to 
30% to 32%. So, Quick Commerce is really helping us. And I think that's the way forward for 
Beverage in the coming years. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
But that said I think in the GT also distribution becomes significantly important to Mayank’s 
point, and therefore we are putting up a separate infrastructure in place in GT also, for ramping 
up our drinks business which is already hitting at Rs. 200 crores and in three years time we want 
to build it to a Rs. 500 crore portfolio in drinks. 
Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi 
Ajay Thakur: 
So, first question was more on the celebrity led advertisement that we are witnessing from 
Dabur’s side. So, any thought process change over there? Or are we looking at, so for instance, 
we have already seen three brand endorsements by the likes of Amitabh Bachchan, Deepika 
Padukone, which we have brought in. So, what is the thought process change that we are trying 
to see over here? And would that be kind of catering to or trying to solve certain problems that 
we are witnessing in those brand or is it going to be addressing more of, few market share gain 
or some other kind of thought process over there, so that's the first question. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, Ajay, Dabur has always been working on a template or playbook of celebrity advertising, 
and this has been working well for us, and it helps us to gain market share. But yes, this is also 
towards solving specific problems for us like in Red Toothpaste, we are very salient in the South 
of the country. And in South our market shares are much higher as compared to North of the 
country. In North Patanjali is a strong player. And Baba’s foothold is much higher as compared 
to Dabur’s foothold in UP, MP, Bihar, which is the Hindi heartland. And in Hindi heartland to 
fight that kind of followship that Patanjali has, we needed a bigger name, and that's why we 
signed up with Amitabh Bachchan to gain share in the North belt for us. And we have made 
some two, three creatives and all the creatives talk about taking shares from white or plain 
toothpaste and that's what. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
And even in a Dabur Amla, we have signed up with Deepika Padukone but Amla has always 
been taking the top-notch celebrities. So, from Kareena Kapoor, we have moved on to now 
Deepika Padukone and that's also towards increasing our market shares. 
Vishal Punmiya from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities 
Vishal Punmiya: 
So, first question is basically a clarification on the price increase. So, we had around 6% price 
increase for the quarter, any additional price hike that we took in 2Q FY'23? Or it is just the flow 
through of the previous price hikes? 
Ankush Jain: 
There is actually a combination of both. So, these would be a flow through as well. And so our 
estimate is two-third is flow through and one-third would be the fresh price increases. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
So, what is the weighted average price increase that we took in 2Q FY'23? 
Ankush Jain: 
Weighted average price increase is 6% including the flow through. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
So, additional price during this quarter would be around 2% to 3%. 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes around 2%, 1/3rd of that, which will now come with full effect in subsequent quarters as 
well. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
And secondly on Badshah, so based on the revenue mix that you have given, I am assuming that 
15% is exports. So, if you can basically breakup the three years CAGR for the domestic business 
and export business? And any overlap of regions in exports for Dabur International business and 
Badshah business? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, exports has been very marginal or miniscule for the Badshah business, roughly around 5% 
to 6% of their business. But I think exports holds a huge potential, especially in the areas where 
there is an Indian expat population which is essentially in Americas and in the UK. And we feel 
there is a huge opportunity and Dabur has got a massive infrastructure of distribution there, 
which can be leveraged for the Badshah business there. And we feel in due course of time this 
5% of turnover will definitely go up to roughly around 10% in a shorter period of time, just by 
leveraging our distribution, because the huge expat population already holding. And expat 
population that too the from the region, which is Maharashtra and Gujarat, being more so in 
Middle East and the Americas. 
 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Aditya Agarwal from Deloitte 
Aditya Agarwal: 
In the current year, we have seen that the dairy beverage portfolio has been going good for the 
industry. And how on the same line is Real brand performing, and what's our outlook going 
forward for the same? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, we are very optimistic and hopeful on the entire Beverage portfolio because our strategy is 
to build this for scale up the Real brand. And earlier we were only present in the Juices & Nectar 
category now we have expanded the total addressable market from roughly around Rs. 1,700 
crores to Rs. 1,800 crores to moving out to around Rs. 8,000 crores to Rs. 9,000 crores and enter 
the drinks space. And if you look at the J&N category, Juices & Nectars where our market share 
is in the range of around 65% to 67% as compared to the drinks category, where our market 
share is pretty miniscule at 10%. So, therefore, the total addressable market has actually gone 
up for us. And we see the 10% market share only scaling up in due course of time. And therefore 
that 90% headroom of market share is still there with us. That's what we alluded to before in 
terms of infrastructure expansion and distribution reach, advertising, new SKUs being added, 
new variants being added and now we are also proposing to enter the fifth market which is a 
carbonated fruit beverage market. And we should be starting up production in the coming season 
in Jammu to harness that particular category. 
Aditya Agarwal: 
I was seeing that in the current quarter on a standalone basis, we have seen for the Food & 
Beverage businesses, the profit margin has gone up to 16.6% from traditional 13.5% to 14%. 
So, are we envisaging to keep this at the same level? Or are we going to go back to the 14% 
level? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, margins will keep increasing as the benefits of scale keep coming in. So, I think as we scale 
up the business we will be leveraging our S&M cost. And even if the investment is there, the 
indirect cost will be leveraged and also the fixed assets will be leveraged. And while it's CAPEX 
heavy and we are putting up investments, but I think the margins, the operating margin level will 
keep going up as we scale up the business. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Thank you everyone for your participation in this conference call. The webcast and transcript 
will be available on our website soon. Thanks, and have a nice day. 
 
