 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ABSLAMCL/PS/90/22-23 
 
 
 
 
                       November 2, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited                                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
 
      Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Dalal Street Mumbai-400 001  
 
      Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Scrip Code: 543374   
 
 
      Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
                                                                                  Scrip Code: ABSLAMC 
 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst/Investor Conference call on Unaudited Financial 
Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Analyst/Investor Conference call 
on Unaudited Financial Result for the quarter ended and half year ended September 30, 2022, 
held on October 28, 2022. The above information will also be available on the website of 
Company at https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com. 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the same 
on your website. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited  
   
 
 
Hemanti Wadhwa 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS No. 6477 
 
Encl: As above 
 
HEMANTI 
GOBINDRAM 
WADHWA
Digitally signed by HEMANTI 
GOBINDRAM WADHWA 
Date: 2022.11.02 16:59:39 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Ltd 
Q2 & H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. A. BALASUBRAMANIAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
MR. PARAG JOGLEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
MR. PRAKASH BHOGALE – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS  

 
                                                            
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY23 earnings 
conference call of Aditya Birla Sun Life Asset Management hosted by InCred 
Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to  
Mr. Jignesh Shial from InCred Equities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Jignesh Shial: 
Hi everyone. Good evening and on behalf of InCred Equities, I thank you all for 
the participation. We have along with us Mr. A Balasubramanian, Managing 
Director, and CEO of Aditya Birla Sunlife Asset Management. Over to you Sir for 
the opening remarks and you can go ahead! Thank you. 
A. Balasubramanian: Thank you Jignesh and thanks for the introduction. I am joined by our CFO, Mr. 
Parag Joglekar and Prakash Bhogale who is incharge of the Investor Relations. 
Good evening to everyone for today’s investors’ call. I hope you all had the 
opportunity to go through the earnings presentation which is available on the stock 
exchange and our website. Let me first begin by wishing you all a Happy Diwali 
and a prosperous New Year. Let me also start the update on the economy and 
mutual fund industry first and then I will give you a briefing about our Aditya 
Birla Sunlife AMC performance for the quarter ending September 30, 2022. 
 
Indian economy has been on a steady recovery path with an expected growth 
between 6.5% to 7% for FY23. This is mainly on account of the timely policy 
measures taken by the government of India and the Reserve Bank of India. We 
have been managing to deliver little better performance compared to the global 
market which is going through a lot of uncertainty. CPI inflation remains at an 
elevated level above the RBI target of 4 plus 2% in terms of expectations, as a 
result of that RBI may continue to remain hawkish for the near future in terms of 
policy rates. Policies given by the policymakers, in my own belief, will continue to 
remain strong force for India’s growth to come back. The current uncertainty on 
the global market continues, global economic activity is cooling off with a number 
of growth forecast downgrades. Inflation remains elevated despite improving 
supply chain and the central bank continued to front-load their tightening cycles 

 
                                                            
 
Page 3 of 18 
by delivering outsized rate hikes. The more synchronized monetary tightening 
indicates will weigh on growth further. As I speak many policymakers will come 
with more policy rate hikes. Developed economy rate hikes have made emerging 
market equities less preferable. FIIs has been net sellers which again is known to 
all of us but with increased retail and institutional participation Indian stock 
market has remained buoyant. Higher interest rates have brought back investors’ 
attention to the bond market on account of higher yields that give opportunities 
being generated for investors for our fixed-income product. The next few weeks 
will be filled with long Indian festive seasons where domestic spending will be 
higher this will result in higher earnings expectations with limited downside to 
earnings during the second half of FY2023. Hence the equity market, in our own 
belief, it will continue to remain strong and buoyancy will continue on the 
expectation of earnings recovery. 
 
With respect to the mutual fund industry during the quarter, quarterly average 
assets under management for the Indian mutual fund industry touched ₹39.04 lakh 
Crores as on September 30, 2022, as against ₹37.72 lakh Crores as on June 30, 
2022, and grew by 8% from ₹36.19 lakh Crores as on September 30, 2021. In Q2 
FY23, the mutual fund industry witnessed some fall in inflows across various 
equity schemes on a quarter-on-quarter basis. A significant proportion of inflows 
came from the Flexi cap fund, mid-cap and small-cap fund, and sectoral fund, and 
same time retail average assets under management increased on account of higher 
MAAUM from both T30 and B30 cities during this period. As on September 30, 
2022, the total number of mutual fund investors stood at ₹14 Crores versus ₹11.32 
Crores on September 30, 2021, an increase of 24% on a year-on-year basis. 
Continuous awareness initiatives are being undertaken by the whole industry on 
SIPs. We have seen improved monthly SIP contributions. The overall monthly SIP 
book was the highest ever ₹12,976 Crores on September 30, 2022. The new SIP 
registrations have increased marginally as compared to last quarter. The total 
number of SIP now accounts for about ₹ 5.84 Crores account. The industry 
witnessed net equity sales of ₹14500 Crores excluding index funds in Q2 FY2023. 
However, there was a reduction in the net inflows as compared to the previous 
quarter where the net inflows are around ₹59,000 Crores. SEBI’s relaxation on the 
NFOs embargo in Q2FY23 has resulted in NFO sales of around ₹17,800 Crores of 
which around ₹10,500 Crores was in equity. The retail investor concentration 
industry continues to remain in excess of 55% at the same time overall reduction 

 
                                                            
 
Page 4 of 18 
in fixed income assets is leading to higher dominance of individual mix to the 
overall industry AUM. 
 
Coming to the ABSLAMC performance, ABSLAMC has been of course a market 
leader and continues to remain so, working towards financial inclusion, deepening 
of financial market, and development of the mutual fund industry as the industry's 
thought leader. We are well positioned due to our strong parentage and brand and 
multi-diverse distribution network and experienced investment, and management 
team. In order to remain future-ready and ensure the best of our customers and 
shareholders, our area of focus has been delivering sustained investment 
performance and portfolio differentiation is something we keep emphasizing given 
the fact that strong investment performance will lead to incremental sales coming 
in the future that remains one of our pillars and remains one of the high focus 
areas. Building retail franchisee as we have done in the past increasing the 
geographical footprint, strengthening the multi-channel distribution network, and 
third growing our passive and alternate assets having created a separate team of 
people, building the size to the next level remains one of the key area focus and 
fourth is leveraging digital platforms for customer acquisition by having our 
product on board on the base of the performance as well as engagement that we 
have to create and create a customer experience in the digital platform and finally 
driving a strong global risk management practices, especially at the time where 
regulatory frameworks are becoming more and more tighter and therefore increase 
the governance framework and risk management practices remains the fifth key 
area of focus for us in building our AMC to the next level. We at ABSLAMC are 
focused on growing our overall assets under management across different asset 
categories and our total quarterly average AUM for the quarter ending September 
30, 2022, stood at ₹2.94 lakh Crores, our total mutual fund quarterly average 
AUM was about ₹2.83 lakh Crores with a market share about 8.2% ex-ETF. Our 
equity AUM for September 2022 quarter was about ₹1.19 lakh Crores. Our equity 
mix is at an all-time high of about 42.1% of the overall assets under management 
that we have today. As stated, customer acquisitions remain an integral part of our 
strategy. While we have added significant folios in the last number of years to 
touch 8.1 million folios. In fact, in the last quarter we added about 2 lakh folios in 
the Q2 FY2023, with that we have an overall folio count of about 8.1 million folio 
count that we have. Our short-term equity performance which has, of course, gone 
through its own challenges for a brief period in fact has been now showing an 

 
                                                            
 
Page 5 of 18 
improvement across all categories. As a result of that, we started seeing some 
inflows in our mid-cap fund and small-cap fund as well as multi-cap fund. We 
have seen some positive inflows during the quarter driven by the improved 
performance and the push that has been given as some of the focused products as 
the industry also has seen some inflows in this category. We are constantly 
working towards leveraging the bouquet of existing products while launching new 
products to build size and scale and increase the product per customer. We have 
been growing our retail franchise over the last few years with a special focus on 
increasing our footprint in the B30 market therefore we can improve the market 
share in the B30 market beyond what we currently have. Building SIP book size 
we always have a great track record of having a higher market share in SIP that 
continues to remain a big focus area in order to build in the sticky assets and create 
long-term value for the investors. We are also creating awareness about multi-SIP 
features that ease the process of investing in multiple schemes as well as 
promoting “Har Ghar” kind of SIPs in order to grow our SIP book. As a result of 
these efforts, we have seen a significant improvement in the current quarter to our 
overall SIP book outstanding to about ₹931 Crores as against ₹867 Crores as of 
September 2021. We also added about 2.6 lakh new SIP registration during the 
quarter. Currently, we have about 33 lakh SIP live accounts with us which again is 
the highest-ever SIP account that we have today as an AMC. Last quarter in order 
to increase our brand building as well as create awareness about the mutual fund 
industry and way of investing and constructing a portfolio we launched the “Pro 
Portfolio” investor education initiative, which focused on the need to diversify 
investments across and within the asset class for wealth creation across market 
cycles. We believe in “Mutual fund Sahi Hai, par Ek Kaafi Nahi Hai” so that is 
the model in which we are building it in order to encourage more scale to be 
brought within the equity portfolios in order to have a presence across different 
market cap from the portfolio longer term wealth creation point of view. Our 
multi-channel market initiatives deepen our presence and our market share has 
yielded a positive result. The virtual relationship manager model which was 
instituted about few years back has activated over 1,600 distributors and through 
our “Sampark” again another initiative that we have been undertaking for 
onboarding new distributors we empanelled 4,400 new distributors we added 
during the quarter. Customer loyalty, deeper engagement, and service 
differentiation remains the cornerstone of our service-to-sales model which once 

 
                                                            
 
Page 6 of 18 
again we have created a separate 200 dedicated client personnel from the existing 
customer service team to take care of the service to sales requirement of the 
customers as a single point guiding and servicing investor’s needs. This in fact has 
now started giving a little higher mind recall which therefore should actually help 
in bringing in more participation with these customers as we move forward. With 
respect to the overall mix between retail and institutional customers, 50% of our 
asset contribution comes from retail investors as of September 2022. In the same 
manner, the contribution from B30 cities also has grown to about 16.3%. Our 
focus on building retail both in the B30 and T30 market remain an integral part of 
our overall strategy. 
 
On the digital front, we continue to collaborate with early-stage startups to remain 
ahead of the curve like what we did a few years back in PhonePe where we used to 
get a reasonably good market share of about 35% and enhanced our process 
efficiency working with them closely to improve our market share coming from 
the segment. We onboarded 75% of new customers digitally and currently, 82% of 
overall transactions are done digitally and 88% of the customers are now serviced 
via digital platforms. We also empanelled 92% of our new MFDs digitally in the 
first half of FY2023. Again, coming on the back of the emphasis that we are 
giving on how digital and technology capability that we are building can help in 
building the business for our overall AMC. With respect to building the alternate 
business, our passive product offering has gained momentum in the last two 
quarters which has grown by about six times compared to the last year about 
₹16,922 Crores. Our existing passive bouquet has grown to over 28 products and 
we have around 10 products in the pipeline. The customer base in this category has 
also grown to around 4,53,000 folios. On the PMS and AIF front, we have 
launched a suite of products like India Equity Service Fund and Asset-Linked 
PMS which is gaining some traction. In fact, the alternate investment fund that we 
have launched as a service-oriented fund we have been doing roadshows across 
the country and hopefully, this should help in having the first big success in the 
AIF product under ABSLAMC in the last few years. Upon completion of the 
product of course we intend to launch a few more products in the AIF segment as 
part of our overall strategy to build AIF as well as build our future profitability. 
On the offshore front, we have not seen significant momentum. We have 
maintained of course an overall asset under management so we have been having 
some hopeful expectations that some of my existing clients will add to more 

 
                                                            
 
Page 7 of 18 
contributions. The expectation has been there for quite some time given the fact 
that investor experience has been good but yet to see some kind of incremental 
money coming in from some of our existing customers in the offshore business. 
On the real estate front, I am happy to share that we have completed the second 
close of the Aditya Birla Real Estate Credit Opportunities Fund. In fact, upon 
completion of this in the next month or so we will take this product to the overseas 
market with BentallGreenOak to raise money from overseas investors and invest 
in the real estate market that is also something we will see some momentum 
coming in the current few quarters. 
 
I will now move on to the financials for the quarter. Our focus continues to remain 
on achieving a robust asset mix between high-margin equity and debt asset. We 
would also like to reiterate that our equity mix is an all-time high of 42.1% for the 
last quarter. In Q2 FY23, our total revenue (that is revenue from operations and 
other income) stood at ₹387 Crores up by 42% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Our 
profit after tax stood at ₹192 Crores up by 86% on quarter-on-quarter basis 
compared to last year. For H1 FY2023, our total revenue is at ₹661 Crores as 
compared to ₹708 Crores in the first half of FY2022. The profit after tax in the H1 
FY2023 stood at ₹295 Crores as compared to ₹328 Crores in the H1 FY2022. 
With this, I will conclude my initial opening remark. I will open the floor for any 
questions that you may have. I will be joined by Mr. Parag Joglekar our CFO and 
Mr. Prakash Bhogale for taking any questions that may have to be answered by 
both of them. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Good afternoon Sir and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have three questions 
first one is on the yields so just wanted to know that slightly higher revenue yield 
for the quarter sequentially so was this a function of you able to push some 
increase in yields from the debt side, or is this purely because of a slightly higher 
mix of equity oriented schemes that is the first question? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Good evening Swarnabh. The yields are a little bit higher compared to the earlier 
quarters is mainly due to the mix of assets on the equity slightly gone up compared 

 
                                                            
 
Page 8 of 18 
to earlier quarters and debt also the mix in between various categories has slightly 
improved, it is more of a flattish yield on the debt side, not great increase but it is 
mainly on the equity which has seen slight improvement on the overall mix. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Ok Sir. In the near future if yields remain at this level on the fixed income side and 
the interest rates go high up slightly would we be able to push in any kind of 
expense ratio increase in that segment? 
Parag Joglekar: 
We have been continuously focusing as we mentioned earlier also on 
strengthening the overall size of our AUM plus improve the equity mix in the 
overall AUM plus on the debt side we are trying to build long-duration assets 
which will fetch us slightly higher yields on the debt side also. So that is the 
overall broader thought process that we have and I think so it will help us to 
strengthen the yield over the longer duration. 
A. Balasubramanian: Just to add to that Swarnabh, in the fixed income space last two quarters we have 
been trying to build some momentum on fixed income though we have seen 
momentum coming in fixed income space to a target maturity fund which is akeen 
to FMP which does not give you big margin but definitely helps in building 
market share, at the same time if the likely further hike in interest rates and in all 
probability once we get a visibility that now we are more or less close to the peak, 
we have kept two products ready to be pushed among our retail and HNIs to build 
asset the way we used to have in the past as a dynamic bond fund or medium term 
plan. These are some of the products which are more mix of HNI and retail 
oriented products with the reasonably good expenses which can take into account 
interest of investors first and second of course good margin that will have both for 
ourselves and for the distribution channels that is something we have already kept 
in the plan  already. The launch of the product of course we are yet to see the 
momentum given the fact that currently, the interest rate hike cycle continues. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Ok Sir got it, that is very helpful. My second question is on the employee benefits 
expense side so I see a slighter sequentially higher trend in the employee expense 
this quarter and I also noticed that it is similar in the second quarter last year so is 
there a variable component here or what is the underlying reason for this and also 
if you could let me know what would be the ESOP cost for this quarter? 

 
                                                            
 
Page 9 of 18 
Parag Joglekar: 
Swarnabh the cost for employees has increased in this quarter mainly due to the 
increments which have happened during the current quarter which happens in July 
month for us so that is the main reason for an increase in the cost of the employee 
side and there were some couple of one-time expenses on staff welfare which we 
generally do in the second quarter of the year for the staff meetings. Compared to 
last year it is more or less similar or slightly lower because last year we launched 
the ESOP plan whereby in the first year generally you have larger expenses and 
structurally it keeps on dropping as the year passes so that is the slight reduction in 
the expenses on that account so that is why slight drop compared to the last 
September quarter to this September quarter. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: For the next two quarters take this ₹70 Crores as a run rate for employee expense? 
Parag Joglekar: 
This should be flattish but as we may be beefing up the team on various alternate 
assets or any other strategy we may want to run, there may be slight increase if we 
beef up the team on those products. 
A. Balasubramanian: Just to add that Swarnabh while we have been quite conscious about keeping the 
employee cost under control. As Parag explained there is a marginal increase again 
due to the increment that has been given plus any new recruit that comes at a little 
higher cost while that will be the case of course once the output starts coming in as 
part of productivity which has been one of our big area focus, therefore, the cost 
will come under check. While that is our endeavor of course we also know how to 
build the business to the next level we may want of course beef up the talent pool 
further, if at all we do that then it may probably see a marginal increase in cost at 
the same time I am only of the belief that as the individual productivity starts 
getting better that incremental cost may become a very small component of the 
overall incremental growth that we can expect. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: The last question from my side regarding the alternate assets the AUM has been 
hovering around ₹11,000 to ₹12,000 Crores mark for the last three quarters wanted 
to know from your side how to think about this number over the next couple of 
years and how can we think about also the yields coming from this segment. 
Thank you. 

 
                                                            
 
Page 10 of 18 
A. Balasubramanian: One as a need for building alternate business – one set up a separate vertical with 
few quarter backs which at the beginning of this year only we did that and now 
they have put things in place including the product, second is the new leadership 
team that we have beefed up to head our PMS who has got about 25 years of 
experience he came on board about the month of July. Since he has come on 
Board, we have launched our first AIF product which we are hopeful of closing 
this product first. Once it is done we can have a series of launch in line with what 
we believe as a team that we can offer to the HNI customers that is something we 
do have a plan, these are as far as AIF is concerned. As for the real estate concern 
after almost 10 years of break after launching the first product we never launched 
any product now we have seen the first success of the real estate product where we 
intend to take you to the next level and third which we believe that interest rates 
having gone to where we are today and we also believe that the corporate bond 
spread will widen therefore it will provide an opportunity to launch credit 
opportunity fund in the AIF space. There is also something we have now kept in 
place a product wherein we have taken approval and that will also be launched as 
part of the product offering exercise and lastly I would refer to the offshore as I 
mentioned has remained flat close to about ₹10,000 Crores size. We have not done 
incremental contribution coming, though the business itself fund its own it but has 
not been highly productive from the business growth point of view which we 
believe is a function of interest rate differential, the function of FII flows in the 
country, and function of leverage benefits that overseas investors will get invested 
in India. Once we see some change in that I think probably we will push through 
some success as far as offshore business is concerned, therefore bringing in some 
incremental profitability and lastly some of our existing customers offshore who 
have been adding to the profitability we have been making appraised given the fact 
that we have delivered our best performance for the last 15 years for these 
customers and they are supposed to give incremental money and hopefully we are 
able to get that without increasing additional cost that can add to the overall AUM 
growth as well as profitability. These are some of the expectations that we have 
kept and putting things in place to ensure at least we have a push that we are able 
to give for this asset class given the fact it can keep the cost under control and at 
the same time add to our overall profitability. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Sure Sir very helpful just in terms of yields would this be more profitable than our 
equity segment or at a single level? 

 
                                                            
 
Page 11 of 18 
A. Balasubramanian: For alternate assets, the aim is to have higher profitability compared to the mutual 
fund I think that is what we would aim except the only difference that comes in 
AIF is you pay an upfront commission which again over a period of time it gets 
recovered. Thats the only difference that we are able to see between the mutual 
fund & AIF but that is the way AIF is also being sold otherwise our endeavor 
would be to have a higher contribution of margins coming from the AIF space. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Sure, got it. Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Good evening, everyone. Sir firstly now a much broader level question probably 
from an industry perspective more than particularly from the Aditya Birla AMC 
perspective so we have seen the industry going through a period where the core 
profit except other income has been very muted or declining in the last few 
quarters, this quarter possibly we have seen some uptick coming in because the 
yields have improved for most of the AMCs, but from a medium term perspective 
say two-to-three-year perspective do you think that the industry can actually report 
a strong profit growth mainly given the fact that yields will be under pressure 
going ahead or it will improve, or I understand most of them to have a lot of scale 
benefits but primarily from a yield perspective do you think that the profitability of 
the AMCs can see some improvement going ahead? 
A. Balasubramanian: Thanks Prayesh for this question. The way I see like three to four years one as you 
rightly put it the scale benefits will continue to be one of the major contributor to 
the profitability it may not increase in margins it may actually increase in absolute 
profit that I think will remain. Second is in terms of profit contribution well of 
course in the equity side there has been quite discipline being maintained in terms 
of the payout ratio and so on and so forth that is something we are now seeing the 
discipline coming in. To the extent we can probably see a marginal improvement 
on the margin, not a significant improvement that could be expected given the 
facts they are all mostly streamlined in terms of payout ratio and so on and so forth 
and third which I see in the last three years, especially in the fixed income has 
been not a so great year given the fact interest rates were low, high margin 
products in the fixed income were also very low and we as a fund house have had 

 
                                                            
 
Page 12 of 18 
a huge success in terms of increasing the contribution when the rates were high, 
yields were high, portfolio returns were high in order to get higher participation 
from investors as well as the margins coming in, in terms of incremental profit, 
which my own belief is in the next three years you will see some contribution 
coming in the fixed income product. While one can argue within the fixed income 
space the target maturity fund which is nothing but an index fund is also growing, 
therefore, the margin could be under pressure one can probably argue in that 
space. At the same time, I believe that this segment will be largely suitable for 
institutional customers and HNI customers but medium to retail customers would 
largely participate in the open-ended debt funds which will have a little higher 
margin at the same time not so high expenses so to speak at the same time give a 
satisfying experience that to the investors can get it. That is the way I see this 
coming in from the mutual fund contribution to the overall assets under 
management profitability. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just on the equity yields do you think that we are kind of close to bottoming out in 
terms of yields or there is still some headroom wherein we just continue to see 
equity yields falling by another say two or three bps every year for the next few 
years? 
Parag Joglekar: 
So Prayesh as you know that as the increase in the size of the TER goes down so 
there will be some impact of that calculation but as the size goes up the absolute 
amount will increase on the equity contribution on the fee side. There may be a 
slight drop on the overall bps basis because the size will grow up and the TER 
may drop, may have some impact maybe another couple of years on the yields as 
the bps to an AUM. 
A. Balasubramanian: Prayesh that is a good problem to have actually in the fact that size is growing and 
increase in absolute profitability. Any logical pressure coming in on the margins as 
generally is being perceived. See more than a margin pressure on the existing 
schemes the shift of assets from active to the passive if it happens then you will 
see that margin coming in but my own belief is at least for the next three to four 
years active will continue to have a dominant presence and ETF will, of course, 
have faster growth, therefore, the convergence should happen maybe in the next 
three to four years in terms of margin drop because of ETF has grown not because 
of the active fund’s margins have come down. 

 
                                                            
 
Page 13 of 18 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir another element of this has been the transition of or transfer of legacy assets to 
the new assets where possibly at what level would the industry be at possibly now 
closer to 75% to 80% would have been converted from legacy to new assets or we 
are still at around like 50% to 60% mark? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Prayesh it is difficult to comment on that but as it is almost three years time period 
has gone up from upfront to trail model, I think so over maybe another couple of 
years it should be replaced because generally industry see around three to four 
years of retention aging and that should be the case. 
A. Balasubramanian: The expectation is we should build around three to five-year kind of holding 
period but in fact, in the time we move to the trail model, in general, the holding 
period only has gone up. Normally the turn happens either for moving from even 
today one may take credit that NFOs are adding more assets I think we must note 
that 50% of the money in the NFOs come from either switch or moving from one 
fund to another fund that is the only assumption we have to make which is 
basically the number as well. In terms of holding period, I think since the SIP has 
become a large component of the assets we will probably see the holding period 
getting tilted more in favor of the longer term because SIP book contribution in 
overall assets under management now keeps rising. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Interesting. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Good afternoon, Sir. Sir, I have two questions. Firstly, on your distribution side in 
the distribution mix we are saying that there is a decline in the AUM which is 
coming from the banking channel so could you share some light over there also 
could you talk about the market share and the incremental flows which we are 
getting from the banking channel? 
A. Balasubramanian: Banking channel contributions largely were on account of withdrawal of fixed 
income space where we saw some withdrawals in the STP or corporate bond fund 
category, but that is something that resulted in a marginal dip, the absolute number 
has not fallen but there is a drop in the market share as a result of this. Second, we 

 
                                                            
 
Page 14 of 18 
have also seen an improvement in contribution coming from the ND Channel, 
especially in SIP we have seen an improvement of contribution coming from the 
ND channel, the lead ND channels that we have in the country and we have seen 
some improvement contribution coming on the SIP side therefore the contribution 
in overall assets under management has gone up and third is because of the 
outflow on the fixed income space even the institutional side, therefore, that 
contribution also gets a little higher because of some outflow that has happened on 
the fixed income space. It is a combination of these two things, the absolute 
number, if you have to take there, has not been any kind of significant drop in the 
absolute number. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, Sir and Sir one data-keeping question could you tell us about the SIP AUM 
size as of September 2022? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
It is ₹51,000 Crores. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure Sir. Thank you, Sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citigroup. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir there are two to three questions from my side. First, you have highlighted your 
SIP contribution including from the ND channels if you can also break up your 
incremental SIP flows across channels that will be helpful, second if I look at your 
SIP  registration market share that seems to be on the lower side so just wanted to 
get some sense of is it some particular channel where your SIP registration market 
share is on the lower side and lastly one data keeping question if you can mention 
the number of employees that you had as of September 30, 2022? 
A. Balasubramanian: As far as the SIP contribution is concerned one of course the dominant share is 
coming from IFA, second dominant is coming from ND channels and third we are 
part of the drive with some of the banking channels SIPs such a large bank like 
HDFC Bank and few others. Our SIP contribution has been coming from these 
three channels and fourth of course there is a marginal dip in the digital channel in 
terms of incremental contribution. I think if you look at the SIP registration. For 
your second question SIP registration in general for the industry has dropped about 

 
                                                            
 
Page 15 of 18 
to 6.22 million which used to be in the range of close to about 7.55 million last 
year. In general, we have seen a dip in the SIP registration but however, for us the 
SIP registration normally we count per month is about 1 lakh SIP registration we 
normally account for 1 to 1.2 this quarter was about marginally lower in line with 
the overall drop in the SIP but something while the registration was relatively 
lower compared to the previous quarter but we have increased the absolute amount 
to ₹930 Crores. That has again come on basis of a special focus that we have 
brought in, in order to add more SIPs with high-value ticket items which could 
come in the form of three to five years kind of registration that they can do to the 
STP combination as well as pushing through the target for absolute number is also 
equally important while you are focusing on SIP registration. That is something 
our sales team has been successful in, in fact, we keep pushing the team for retail 
across the country in order to increase the monthly contribution from ₹930 Crores 
to a higher number the peak number that we used to have about ₹980 Crores so 
one question of course often comes is SIP market share dropping I must mention 
the current SIP run rate that we have was built on the back of having 14% market 
share for an almost conservative period of four to five years till 2019 and given the 
fact that increased participation coming from more and more players and 
everybody is focusing only on SIP that something has dropped to some bit of 
market share on registration but otherwise our focus has been on building what we 
call absolute SIP contribution on a month-on-month basis. With respect to the 
digital channel I just mentioned, the digital channel is purely on a basis of 
whatever algorithm they build it can keep moving from one point to the other 
fund, even a smaller fund will get the algorithm so we have roughly about 7.5% 
kind of market share in the digital channel which is about 78 channels that we 
track anywhere between 6% to 7% but as we start we are taking some efforts to 
make sure some of the products are coming as part of recommendation list I think 
that something can gain momentum as well, but broadly if we have to see the 
focus on building SIP is back on track that is what you will see the number coming 
in reflecting on the ₹930 Crores contribution as against ₹898 Crores of last 
quarter. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
On the number of employees? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
It is 1,351. 

 
                                                            
 
Page 16 of 18 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
You mentioned on the yield trajectory over the next two to three years but can you 
quantify the difference between your current yields on fresh flows on the equity 
side versus your extreme blended yields on the equity basis? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Our yields as we mentioned always that generally the sharing with our distributor 
is in the similar range of around 60% to 65% of our DTER and the company 
makes in the range of around 30% to 35% odd percent of the overall DTER so that 
remains for us on the new flows. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravin Kurwa from ICICI 
Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ravin Kurwa: 
Sir I just wanted to get back to the question where you mentioned that there are 
two products in the fixed income category which are ready to be launched so have 
they been launched in this Q3 or they are just ready to be launched? 
A. Balasubramanian: We already rolled out the presentation of a dynamic bond fund with the renewed 
strategy that we used to have in the past and medium-term plan which again one of 
the largest funds for us using a mix of good credit and high-quality papers, there is 
also something we are now repositioning the product, we were not doing it earlier 
in the past given the fact that we had a few assets which were yet to be rectified in 
the portfolio from a recovery point of view which got done in the last quarter. 
With that now, we are seeing an opportunity for the fund also can be renewed 
from the point of your promotion to the retail and medium HNI investors. 
Dynamic bond fund we have already launched it we had multiple round of calls 
and as I mentioned earlier given the current interest rate volatility we will, of 
course, give a push once we believe that now it is time to build size in this and we 
have chosen these two products for two reasons, one the portfolio yields are now 
getting better so that expectations from investment can be met those who come 
into these funds as an alternative to bank fixed deposit, second is as far as asset 
allocations compared to equity versus fixed income and third is we used to have 
great success significant contribution coming from these two segments of product 
offering in the past that is something we believe that a similar success story can be 
created for the future, therefore those two funds we are positioning on that. 

 
                                                            
 
Page 17 of 18 
Ravin Kurwa: 
Sir can you guide me on the yields on these two products? 
A. Balasubramanian: In terms of current expenses versus expectations? 
Ravin Kurwa: 
Yes. 
Parag Joglekar: 
Ravin I do not have the number handy. It is there on our website on the TER side 
but it is more than around 1% to 1.25% type 
Ravin Kurwa: 
Okay that is really helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There is a follow-up question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from 
Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir one data-keeping question you can quantify your ESOP expense for the quarter 
and how do you see that trajectory for FY24 and FY25? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Dipanjan it is more similar in the range of around ₹8 odd Crores for the quarter. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Any guidance for FY24? 
Parag Joglekar: 
As I mentioned earlier that it is generally a 40:30: 20:10 sort of a droping in this 
thing so over the period it should drop so this is currently the second year first half 
so it may continue in the similar range for the next couple of quarters and then it 
will drop further. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today that the management could 
answer. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. A. Balasubramanian, 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer for closing comments. 
A. Balasubramanian: Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen for tuning in and with this, we 
conclude our Q2 and H1 FY2023 earnings call. Do feel free to reach out to us to 
Mr. Prakash Bhogale who is our IR in charge for any queries that you may have. 
Thank you and have a nice weekend. 

 
                                                            
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Incred Equities that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity.  
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
