Secretarial Department 
Head Office, 57- V.E. Road, 
Thoothukudi – 628 002. 
☏: 0461-2325136 
e-mail  : secretarial@tmbank.in 
CIN: U65110TN1921PLC001908 
 
 
Ref.No.TMB.SE.21/2022-23 
 
 
  01.11.2022 
The Manager, 
Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street. 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543596 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
'G' Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: TMB 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended on September 30, 2022 
 
We wish to inform you that the transcript of the earnings conference call hosted by the Tamilnad Mercantile 
Bank Limited on Un-audited Financial Results of the Bank for the quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2022, has been made available on the Bank’s website at the following link, within the timeline prescribed 
under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
 
 
https://tmb.in/doc/Tamilnad%20Mercantile%20Bank%2027102022.pdf  
 
We are also attaching the Transcript of the earnings call with this intimation. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
Prakash Chandra Panda 
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
PRAKASH 
CHANDRA PANDA
Digitally signed by PRAKASH CHANDRA PANDA 
DN: st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=c31acab385b494090fb214eceef2cb6c0ef39893bed
46a32f86e14823cadd3b5, postalCode=628002, ou=SECRETARIAL, 
o=TAMILNAD MERCANTILE BANK LTD, c=IN, cn=PRAKASH 
CHANDRA PANDA 
Date: 2022.11.01 19:02:40 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
Q2 & H1 - FY 2022-23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
October 27, 2022  
 
Management   :  
Mr. S. Krishnan, Managing Director & CEO 
Mr. D. Inbamani, General Manager 
Mr. P. Suriaraj, General Manager 
Mr. V. Jayaraman, General Manager 
Mr. S. Narayanan, General Manager 
Mr. P.A. Krishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prakash Chandra Panda, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to Tamilnad Mercantile Bank 
Limited Q2 and HY1 FY23 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all par-
ticipant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need as-
sistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
and then “0” on your touchtone phone. In interest of time and to give an op-
portunity to all to ask, we request each participant to ask maximum of two 
questions. Should you have any additional questions, we request you to write 
to us on secretarial@tmbank.in Please note that this conference is being rec-
orded. I now handover the conference over the Mr. S Krishnan. Managing 
Director and CEO Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited. Thank you and over 
to you Sir.  
S Krishnan:  
Thank you a very good evening to everyone. My dear Analyst who are on the 
concall and outside my sincere thanks for sparing the time. The bank has an-
nounced its first half year results of the current fiscal. Today we had a board 
meeting in the morning and it was announced. You know that this is the first 
time after the Bank got its shares listed in the Stock Exchange, the Bank is 
coming out with its results and the results are encouraging. The Bank contin-
ues to be one of the Bank which has been posting good results, I'll just give 
you a brief of the bank, the bank is more than 100 years old private sector 
bank and this is one bank which has been continuously, consistently making 
profits, right from the inception and also paying the dividends. The perfor-
mance during the first half year is encouraging. I will give some brief of that. 
The presentations on the performance has been uploaded in the website of our 
Bank, which I'm sure that, by now my friends should have gone through and 
I'll be more than happy to interact with them. To give you a brief, the bank’s 
operating profit has increased by about 11%. I am talking of the half yearly 
performance year on year. Why I'm talking on the half yearly performances? 
As you know, that the bank’s shares were got listed only in the month of Sep-
tember. Before that, it was unlisted and LODR was not applicable, hence the 
quarterly result was not published earlier. Now we thought that having got it 
listed so first half year we will do and going forward there will be every quar-
ter which I'll be interacting with you at least once, if not more. I'll be more 
than happy to interact with you much more frequently. The operating profit 
of the bank has increased by about 11% and reached to Rs.764 crore and the 

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
net profit has zoomed by about 27% to reach at the position of 497 crore. 
When I talk on this, I should also tell about the net interest margin. The net 
interest margin has reached the height of 4.47% is one of the best in the in-
dustry so far. Based on the information I have with me is probably the high-
est. If there's some other bank which has more, I'll be more than happy to get 
to know from you and update myself. As far as the asset quality is concerned, 
the gross NPA is 1.70% and the net NPA is 0.86%, which has come down 
from 3.31% and 1.82% a year back. The return on assets and the return on 
equity, which are very important for any investor, continues to be good. The 
return on assets is at 1.93% and the return on equity is at 16.84% and this re-
turn on equity is after factoring the additional capital, which the bank has tak-
en in the recent past. The cost income ratio has also come down to 42.02%. 
The provision coverage ratio is at 88.58%. The capital adequacy continues to 
be very, very comfortable at 24.58%, the Tier 2 constitutes less than 2% and 
all others are counter-equity, i.e. Tier 1 capital. So this in a nutshell is the per-
formance. For the paucity of time and as I'm sure that my friends would have 
already gone through the presentations, which is available on the website of 
the bank. I will stop here and will like to have a interaction with you going 
forward. Now hand over to the moderator.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Jehan Bhadha from Nirmal Bang. Please 
go ahead, sir.  
Jehan Bhadha: 
My first question is on the yields. If we see the yields have declined com-
pared to the June quarter and in case of the industry, most of other banks have 
witnessed an increase in the yields. And on the other hand, our cost of depos-
its has gone up so that that has impacted the NIM. So like, why has this hap-
pened and what is the future outlook?  
S Krishnan:  
Probably you are comparing the QOQ.  
Jehan Bhadha: 
So first half number with the quarter one number so we can get an idea that 
quarter two yields have come down.  
S Krishnan:  
Let me tell you basically when the reference rate was revised by the Reserve 
Bank of India, we have not passed on consciously to the customers. That is 

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
one reason why my yield on advances has marginally come down. Second is 
that, why we had not passed on? You know that my loan book, I'm serving 
mostly of the MSME, Agriculture and Retail, so we consciously took the de-
cision. However, my ALCO will be meeting very shortly to take a call on the 
revision of rate of interest. That is one reason why it has not, and the cost of 
deposit has marginally gone up, not much. So going forward, if you look into 
the overall NIM, the bank continues to be at 4.47%, which is one of the high-
est. So what will happen is when I have a very high base. Even in March, I 
had more than four, so having a very high base will be difficult to maintain. 
There will be a small declining, so when it declines, it looks like there's de-
cline. Why it has declined also needs to be seen, so there could be seen that 
my base was very high sustaining these as 4.47%. It's also not possible. I will 
be having something around 4 plus.  
Jehan Bhadha: 
OK, right. And the second question is on the SMA number. SMA01-02 total 
comes to almost 12.5% of the total loans. So how should we read this num-
ber? Is it the normal scenario or before COVID what was this percentage 
number and going forward, how will this shape up?  
S Krishnan:  
I will request you to read along with the slippages. Looking into the SMA 01 
and 02, yes definitely it is 12.5% which appears to be little bit higher. But 
again, drilling down SMA 01 02, if you look into SMA 02 alone, it is only 
985 crore. And I don't stop there. I also request you to look into my slippages 
how it is happening. See slippages are well contained which will be evident 
from the credit cost what I have, which is 0.27%, which is again one of the 
best in the industry I should say. Now we are able to, as I said that basically 
our bank, we are focusing on the RAM segment. Due to the pandemic, when 
the entire globe was affected, the MSME and the Retail was more affected 
because, they are the persons who will be finding difficult unlike corporate, 
who will have deep pockets, will be able to come back quickly, these people, 
but nevertheless, though, there is a struck it has not presented into the default. 
We will be able to manage this and going forward it will further come down.  
Jehan Bhadha: 
OK, so what will be the like normal level will be before COVID, what must 
this number be? Will it come to single digit?  

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
S Krishnan:   
I will share that with you, Adfactor will coordinate with you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar from Alchemy Ven-
tures. Please go ahead.  
Sagar: 
Couple of questions, you just got the RBI approval post the IPO to open more 
new branches. So what are your plans there?  
S Krishnan: 
See, we are working on that. The management is working on that about the 
opening of the branches. The RBI lifted its restrictions on 21st of October, 
just before the Diwali and we are working on the expansion in places where I 
have a good potential and also that I will be able to have a small break even 
time, so that I will be able to have a good center. I will be taking a paper to 
the board very shortly, with the details of the places and the number of 
branches and the period by which I'll be able to expand. Once the board de-
liberates and approves on that, I'll be more than happy to share with you.  
Sagar: 
And so some of these new branches. What percentage will be in Tamil Nadu 
and what percentage will be in other southern states? And what percentage 
will be outside of South of India?  
S Krishnan: 
That's what I said that we are working on that. We are with open mind. That 
for me, it is India one. OK, so I am looking at India as a whole as to what are 
all the potential centers which are available? Within those potential centers 
which is more suitable for me where I will be having a lesser turnaround 
time, where I will be have a quick-fix breakeven so, all those things I am 
working and I will be taking to the board very shortly.  
Sagar: 
Sir, just then would you have a rough number in mind in terms of what in-
crease in OpEx will it entail in FY24 if not in 23?  
S Krishnan: 
 No, We will be evening out without affecting much of the OpEx. That is the 
reason that I said that we are also looking to the alternates like what I have 
the digital banking unit where I can have that OpEx like model. So all these 
alternates are being worked out and we'll be going with a plan, where I will 
not be straining my OpEx to a greater extent, in any particular year.  

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Sagar: 
My one more question is on the deposit front. We are seeing healthy credit 
offtake. Do you see pressure on the deposits and do you think we will need to 
increase deposit rates significantly, or at least commensurately, to match up 
with the credit demand?  
S Krishnan: 
There will be a requirement, as the rates are hardening up, definitely the de-
posits cannot be an exception to that. There will be a need to revise. My AL-
CO will be meeting very shortly, which will be taking a call on the rate of in-
terest on both the deposits and the lending rates.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS In-
vestment. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Gautam: 
I just want to understand about the USP of the bank and what are our differ-
entiators, which is leading to such better ratios. And market seems to still 
give low elevation compared to other banks.  
S Krishnan: 
My USP is actually this bank is known for its customer service. The bank is 
known for particularly assisting the MSME, the trader community. The bank 
very well understands their nuances of these MSME. The bank very well un-
derstands the pains of the MSME, the bank very well understands the 
strengths of the MSME, so also those customers understands the bank. It is 
the bank where I had been seeing now, at least for the past 40 years or so 
when I entered this banking arena. I have been seeing that this is the bank 
where the service is the best. So these are basically the principles, where the 
customer come to the bank and get the service, irrespective of the time, that 
continues even today and that will continue in the days to come also. So this 
is the USP of the bank and we concentrate only on the RAM segment. When 
I concentrate on the RAM segment, my risk is diversified. There is no con-
centration risk, again I also mostly go for a secured lending than the unse-
cured lending. So these things have helped the bank to have one of the best in 
the industry or in all the ratios.  
Vivek Gautam: 
OK, Sir, and what about some legacy issues over and lying on the Bank of 
the couple between Promoter Group and Forums?  
S Krishnan: 
 So it cannot be proper. 

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
OK, but at least those with the giving him the of the new branches licenses by 
RBI, the future is looking much better than the past end. 
S Krishnan: 
Definitely the future is looking very bright and whatever be the issues, it has 
not affected the performance of the bank at any point in time.  
Vivek Gautam: 
OK, and basically the IPO played as a part of a critical role in RBI coming 
out with more of branches permitted to open and so far we are mostly Tamil 
Nadu oriented Bank now we'll be in all over India and reducing the geograph-
ical concentration risk.  
S Krishnan: 
Yes, we will be looking into that.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Joshi from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
I had a question on margin so you mentioned that the current level of margin 
which is around 4.47%. It's not sustainable and you guided that you will be 
somewhere around 4%. So my question is that despite we have not taken a 
decision to pass on the rate hike and despite this we are actually guiding for a 
margin of around 4 odd percentage. I mean, so are we building in so much of 
aggressive increase in rate of deposit so that our margins will come down to 
4% compared to current levels.  
S Krishnan: 
No, I think it was not properly understood or I have not properly told whatev-
er it is. What I was telling is that maintaining, sustaining a NIM of 4.47 for-
ever is difficult because the benchmark is very high. Now I also said that the 
rate hike what was passed on, was not full. Rate hike, which was done by the 
Regulator was not fully passed on to my customers so far, because there was 
a question that why the Net Interest Income has come down or why the mar-
gin has marginally come down. Like that QOQ, so that was the answer for 
that. Having said, I also said that the ALCO of the bank will be meeting very 
shortly to take a call on the lending rate and also the deposit rate. Now going 
forward as a guidance. What I said was that my NIM will be 4 plus. Why I 
said 4 plus is that 4.47 is a higher level. That definitely sustaining will be 
very, very difficult. Does not mean that I am going to Jack up the rate of in-
terest on the deposits very strictly and thereby margin will come down not 

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
like that. It is not like that as the guidance. I said it will be 4+ while the bank 
will be making all the endeavors to see that we are able to have a good NIM.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
OK, understood, so my second question is on this is on the SMA book, see 
our SMA book is broadly stable if I compare this to March 22, this is broadly 
stable, so since the festival season has actually kicked in from October, are 
you seeing any demand on your SMA book?  
S Krishnan:  
See that's what I said, my SME book though by number wise. but as you 
rightly observed, it is more or less ranging in the same level and I'm not hav-
ing the slippages also to a greater extent. I am able to contain the slippages 
indicating that I am able to recover the critical amounts. Thereby I am able to 
maintain the asset quality. Why this SMA is continuing to be our but also ex-
plained that basically I explained I lend mostly to a RAM segment. There 
they were feeling the pinch more than the corporates who have a deep pocket. 
That that is what I said. So there is a strain, but does not mean that there is a 
default. I'm able to have a better monitoring mechanism. I'm able to contain 
the slippages, so going forward as the activity improves as the industry like 
Production and performance improves, I expect that this position will also 
come down in the days to come.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
Thanks for the clarification on the SMA book, but actually I was referring to 
the extent or the MSME book, so this MSME book on the loan side. This 
book has broadly remained stable if we compared this to financial year 22. So 
my question is that since the festive season actually kicked in from the month 
of October, have you seen any growth, any demand on the MSME book?  
S Krishnan:  
MSME growth, I don't think that the MSME has, one minute, let me see. 
Year back, MSME was around 12,326 and now it is 12,700. There is an in-
crease of around 400 crores so there is demand, but it is picking up. I expect 
that the activities will pick up further in the days to come with the festivals 
and also I am seeing a good monsoon which in turn while it will definitely 
have a direct benefit to the Agricultural sector, the MSME sector will also 
once the activity economy picks up there, MSME also will improve. I expect 
a good potential for that uptick for that.  

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Sandeep Joshi: 
OK so my next question is on the loan growth?  What kind of loan growth 
you are targeting for financial year 23 and 24 and what segments will.  
S Krishnan:  
I expect my loan book to be around 37,500 crore by March 23.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
OK, and any guidance for FY24 if you have in mind.  
S Krishnan:  
Maybe I maybe growing by another about 12%.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon 
Global Services, please go ahead.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir. Most of the questions have already been answered. My only submission 
and observation is that since our base is comparatively low. And you are a 
very, very outstanding and performing person and our asset quality is also 
very good and under control. The NPA, both the gross and net NPA. So just a 
question that why we are restricting to a growth target of only 12 percent, 
13% or 14%. Like you just now said. You said, in 23-24 also it will be 
around 12%, whereas some other smaller banks, they may not be so small 
compared to us, but they are having the credit growth of 24%-25% because of 
the low base. Yes, so any concern that.  
S Krishnan: 
To answer your question, you know that I say less and do more right. Defi-
nitely we will be performing more than that. But as a guidance, I had said, 
because gradual growth is always better. The bank is consistently focusing on 
the bottom line, which will be my thrust also, my focus also to see that I'm 
able to have a very strong bottom line having said the top line is equally im-
portant, so we will be growing on that, though I said 12% you have read what 
is in my mind. Definitely we will be doing more than that. But as a guidance, 
I said 12%. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes, definitely Sir, your ROE is more than 2% either it’s rare actually. You 
are, I think, 2.04% on annualized. Sir, looking at this, I might have missed 
some of the points. What will be the composition you are looking at between 
the RAM and corporate loan components? The percentage in terms of the to-
tal loan book.  

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
S Krishnan:  
Today I have a mix of 87% as the RAM and 13% as the corporate. Going 
forward while my focus and thrust will continue to be the RAM, I will also 
be on the corporate selective, particularly taking the exposures where it meets 
my risk appetite. I'll be doing that. I expect that gradually the ratio may it is 
changed to 85 to 15 and then 18 to 20 max of max.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
And Sir, I mean you are focused on the lending through the NBFC is either 
for onward lending to the MSME, or for any Co lending or any tie up or any-
thing to expand your book through the I mean indirect way through the 
NBFC, any policy?  
S Krishnan:  
We're working on a strategy for this, particularly what you said on the Co 
lending and other aspect. We are working on that and I'll be taking to the 
board and then I will share with you. .  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jamir Ansari from Bajaj Al-
liance. Please go ahead.  
Jamir Ansari:  
So just wanted to check in terms of the composition of our loan book, how 
much of it would be fixed rate and with respect to other floating rate loans. 
What would be the mix in terms of Repo rates and the other benchmarks?  
S Krishnan:  
I don't have much of fixed rate. Fixed rate is very, very, few, and as far as the 
repo rate is concerned, it's around 40% if I'm right, anyhow I will ask my 
people to confirm to you, OK?  
Jamir Ansari:  
Sure, not an issue and related to that. The question was that if I look at the 
numbers from the presentation, I see that the yield on advances haven't 
moved much between June and September, which is unlike most of the other 
banks which has seen an increase in the yield on their loans, so any pecularity 
with respect to our book as to why this thing happened?  
S Krishnan: 
The peculiarity is that I have not revised my rate of interest. I have not passed 
on the increase of the reference rate to my customers, so that is the reason 
while the other banks have done it. I have not done so far. My ALCO is 
meeting very shortly which will be taking a call on that.  

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Jamir Ansari:  
OK, but sorry to persist with that question. But if 40% of the loans are repo 
linked, the transmission would have happened automatically. Am I missing 
something?  
S Krishnan:  
Repo linked should take place. The last revision was only now OK, so that 
will have the impact going forward. And the repo also once in three months 
only if we do it. It's not that the day they revised, automatically, the rate is re-
vised here.  
Jamir Ansari:  
OK, that makes sense. OK, so you have a three month lag in, in terms of re-
vising. In terms of passing on the benchmark rate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon 
Global Services. Please go ahead.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
As for that our resolution plan implementation, note no 9 for COVID-19. The 
total exposure is around 619 crores. Out of that, what is slipped is hardly 
about, let's say 9.59 crore. And recovery is 46.11 crores. So going forward. 
Do you see any? I mean the slipping to the NPA will be very minimal like 
what is happened in this quarter.  
S Krishnan:  
It will be very minimal. That is whatever slipped already is very minimal. As 
you observed, out of 620 crore. Only around 10 crore has slipped and the re-
covery was around 46 crore. So going forward, I expect that the same will be 
there or the slippage may come down also.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
OK, so it is absolutely under control.  
S Krishnan:  
Yes.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
One is from the income point of view. You know the sale of BSLC, you have 
realized in the June quarter about, I think 66 crore and in September only 
1.26 crore, so going forward for the next two quarters, do we expect some 
good amount of income? I think the premium must have come down now so 
there is not much chance of realizing.  
S Krishnan:  
Normally the premium will go up in Q4. So that time we have lot of stocks to 
upload so we are waiting for a good time so that we can do it.  

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
OK, so we can expect it in the last quarter of the FY23.  
S Krishnan:  
That is what is happening when there is a pressure on the banks who are not 
able to meet the priority sector, they will be approaching. The premium will 
go up.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
And Sir, again on the Treasury front. What is the composition of our Treas-
ury non SLR and how do you see the treasury performing going forward for 
the next two quarters?  
S Krishnan:  
As of now my Non-SLR is just 1298 crore. Going forward, I expect that there 
may be further rate hikes. That is what is being talked around. If that hike is 
there, I expect that by March quarter Q4 things will normalize. I will be able 
to have reversal of this. All these things, whatever I did, so I don't expect 
much of briefing from treasury, at least in the days to come. I expect other 
possible contribution.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
OK, and one last question is on. I think one of the other colleagues also had 
asked a similar question, but I want to get little more expanded the answer, is 
that the though this festival season in the credit off-take might be good now, 
but at the same time there is a pressure on the people generally on the Retail 
loan books there can be some pressure because of the continuous hike in the 
interest rates. And overall inflation going up. And also you are also thinking 
to raise some kind of interest rate in the next ALCO meeting. So do you think 
that there can be some pressure leading to the delinquencies in the running 
quarter and the next?  
S Krishnan:  
To answer your question, if I have to talk in general, yes, because of the infla-
tion. Because of the increase in the cost of borrowing, definitely there will be 
a pressure strain on the borrowers, no doubt on that which ultimately will 
lead to increased stress. I will not use the word delinquent. I will say that 
there will be increase in stress. Now the increase in stress is a relative term. 
How far it will increase how far it will stretch? Will it result in delinquent? I 
expect that there will be little increase I have to be very honest with you. I am 
talking for the industry. There will be a little increase in the delinquent, but I 
don't expect that this trend will continue for a longer time. My expectation is 
maybe this quarter the current quarter that is a Q3. This may be there, but Q4 

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
I expect that things will start easing out and will come to the normalcy. So by 
the end of the year, I don't expect that there will be much pressure on the as-
set quality of the banks. This is in general coming to my bank in specific that 
I'm not seeing much for the reason that one is. I have very diversified book. 
Unlike many banks where they have more of a concentration risk. I am very 
diversified and I expect a good monsoon across the country, particularly in 
Tamil Nadu where I have more concentration, so that will help me towards 
the Agriculture. The MSME activities are picking up. I expect that there will 
be a good growth and there will be a good churning out Hence I do not fore-
see much of delinquency in my bank.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
OK, so maybe SMA02 too might get little increase, but generally will not 
commit to an NPA. That's what you are saying. I mean not much 
S Krishnan: 
Yes, absolutely.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jehan Bhadha from Nirmal 
Bang. Please go ahead.  
Jehan Bhadha:  
Sir, on credit cost. What can be the normal level going forward?  
S Krishnan: 
Will be maintaining almost at this level.  
Jehan Bhadha:  
At around 40 basis .50 basis points. So around that list, right? OK, and Sir, 
our calculated PCR is at around 50%. So are you fine with that or is there a 
possibility to increase that further to 65-70 levels? Like what is your thinking 
sir?  
S Krishnan:  
One accounts and the other requires. Yeah I have today a net NPA of 296 
crores. That is after the provision, I have 296 crores. I have also made addi-
tional provision of 300 crore citing any exigency on account of COVID or 
anything. I have kept 300 crores indicating that I am fully provided. I am a 
zero NPA Bank.  
Jehan Bhadha:  
OK and last question. Like even at the time of IPO there were queries on this 
point of the shareholding which is held in the escrow side. So any like what 
will be the course of action going forward? How can this issue get resolved?  

 
                                                      Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 27, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
S Krishnan:  
So we have to wait and watch.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. S Krishnan for closing comments.  
S Krishnan:  
Let me thank all the participants for spending the time and coming over for 
this concall. As I said in the beginning, that the bank has been continuously 
doing well and we will continue to do well, I'll be more than happy to have 
interaction with you at least once in quarter if not more. But I'll try to have a 
discussion with you at frequent intervals and going forward we will meet. 
Once again, thank you very much for your participation.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines.  
