 
VAIBHAV GLOBAL LIMITED 
 
E-69, EPIP, Sitapura, Jaipur-302022, Rajasthan, India • Phone: 91-141-2770648, Fax: 91-141-2770510 
 
Regd. Office: K-6B, Fateh Tiba, Adarsh Nagar, Jaipur – 302004, Rajasthan, India • Phone: 91-141-2601020, Fax: 91-141-2605077 
CIN: L36911RJ1989PLC004945 • Email: investor_relations@vaibhavglobal.com • Website: www.vaibhavglobal.com 
 
 
 
  Ref: VGL/CS/2022/128 
    
 
                                   Date: 02nd November, 2022 
 
 
Subject: Submission of transcript of conference call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
With reference to captioned subject, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Q2 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call held on Friday, 28th October, 2022.   
 
The Transcript of the earnings conference call is uploaded on the website of the Company and can be 
accessed on the link: 
 
https://www.vaibhavglobal.com/admin_assets/Investor/Investor_Presentation/1748377546907139.pdf 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Truly, 
 
   For Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
 
   Sushil Sharma 
   Company Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra, Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: VAIBHAVGBL   
                          BSE Limited 
                          Phiroze JeejeeBhoy Towers, 
                          Dalal Street, 
                          Mumbai – 400 001 
                          Scrip Code: 532156 
  
 
 
SUSHIL 
SHARMA
Digitally signed 
by SUSHIL 
SHARMA 
Date: 2022.11.02 
16:24:42 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
Vaibhav Global Limited  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript: October 28, 2022 
Management Attendees: 
Mr. Sunil Agrawal- Managing Director 
Mr. Vineet Ganeriwala – President, Shop LC (US) 
Mr. Nitin Panwad – Group CFO 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Vaibhav Global 
Limited's Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Mit Shah of CDR India. Thank you. And over to you, Mr. Shah. 
 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for joining us on 
Vaibhav Global's Q2 FY'23 earnings conference call.  
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Sunil Agrawal, Managing Director; Mr. 
Vineet Ganeriwala, President, Shop LC - USA; Mr. Nitin Panwad, Group 
CFO; and Mr. Prashant Saraswat, Head, Investor Relations.  
 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks by Mr. Sunil Agrawal, 
on the business operations, key initiatives and a broader outlook. 
Followed by a discussion on the financial performance by Mr. Vineet 
Ganeriwala, the Management will open the forum for an interactive 
Q&A session.  
 
Before we begin, I’d like to point out that certain statements made or 
discussed on today’s call may be forward-looking in nature and must be 
viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties we face. A 
detailed statement and explanation of these risks is included in the 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
earnings presentation, which has been shared with you earlier. The 
company does not undertake to update these forward-looking 
statements publicly.  
 
I'd like to invite Mr. Sunil Agrawal to make his opening remarks. Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Mit. I welcome you all to Vaibhav Global's Q2 FY'23 earnings 
call. I hope you have reviewed the results, as well as the presentation 
that provides details on the business and the environment, we are 
operating in.  
 
Before we start results discussions, I take this opportunity to announce 
that upon the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Board has elevated Vineet Ganeriwala as President of 
Shop LC, U.S. Vineet has demonstrated keen business acumen, strategic 
approach and leadership skills since he joined VGL early 2020 as our 
Group CFO. Vineet has over two decades of rich experience across 
diverse industries and multiple geographies. 
 
Further, the Board has now elevated Nitin Panwad as Group CFO in 
place of Vineet. Nitin is chartered accountant by training and a finance 
leader at VGL Group for last 11 years. He has worked across diverse 
profiles and multiple geographies. He is an excellent business partner, 
providing valuable strategic input to support growth of our business. He 
has successfully led various transformation initiatives in process 
improvements, cost efficiencies, margin improvements, et cetera. He 
played a pivotal role in setting up our German subsidiary and was 
serving as Deputy Group CFO for the company before this promotion. 
I'm confident that these changes will further strengthen the 
management bandwidth of VGL. 
 
Let me now take you through the operational performance of the 
quarter. Sales for the quarter were Rs. 646 crore, up 1.8% from Rs. 635 
crore in the second quarter of last year. This performance is 
encouraging versus pre-COVID level of Q2 FY'20 with a growth of 33%. 
This performance in backdrop of current high inflationary environment 
in Western economies. Consumer is also spending larger share of their 
disposable income on experiences rather than products having stayed 
indoors during COVID years. In Q2, our gross margin continues to 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
remain healthy at 60.9%. We continue to successfully balance our 
product cost pressures while maintaining our differentiated value 
proposition. EBITDA for the quarter has been at 8.1% compared to 7% 
of last quarter and 11.4% of Q2 FY'22. Our judicious investments in 
Germany, new OTA homes and digital marketing have a short-term 
EBITDA impact. But these investments are building blocks, which will 
result in significant operating leverage in the medium and long-term. 
 
In spite of these investments, our margins had bottomed out in Q1 and 
have started seeing a sequential improvement and are expected to 
continue to improve in H2.  
 
During the quarter, our Germany business has grown exponentially, 
clocking monthly revenue of more than EUR1 million in recent months. 
In Germany, we recently started Live and Interactive shopping on our 
website and are seeing good customer traction. We intend to increase 
its coverage going forward if the trends remain positive.  
 
At Shop TJC U.K., the freeview channel upgradation continues to give 
positive results in terms of new customer acquisition. New TV customer 
acquisition rate was negative 17% in February 2022 and is now positive 
49%. We expect that the current trend will continue to benefit TJC with 
market-leading growth in the long run. Overall performance in U.K. is 
positive except momentary impact of Queen's demise and political 
changes.  
In U.S. also, the macroeconomic environment continues to impact the 
customer sentiments. Current revenue growth is not a true reflection of 
potential of U.S. and U.K. markets for us. However, we continue to gain 
market share owing to our low-cost vertical business model.  
 
A fully integrated supply chain spanning across 30 countries is our 
MOAT. We manufacture majority of our jewelry products allowing bulk 
sourcing and therefore, strong margins. Our vertically integrated supply 
chain has worked favorably for us. Besides cost, our vertical model also 
helps reduce delivery time and offers great storytelling opportunities to 
our retail units. We manufacture majority of our jewelry products 
allowing bulk sourcing and therefore, strong margins.  
 
Further, our four R's framework, that is widening reach, new customer 
registration, customer retention and repeat purchases, remains to be 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
our key levers for growth. The reach of our TV networks by end of Q2 
FY'23 was approximately 135 million TV homes, which is 23% higher Y-o-
Y. We reach TV homes through cable, satellite, telco networks and over-
the-air antenna also called OTA platforms. Our products are also 
available 
on 
digital 
channels, 
including 
proprietary 
websites, 
smartphone apps, OTT platforms and marketplaces. 
 
Our sustained investments on OTAs and digital channels is leading to 
increased new customer acquisition. Our unique customer base is at 0.5 
million. New customer acquisition on TTM basis stands at Rs. 2.5 lakhs, 
which is higher by 9.8% Y-o-Y and significantly higher by 16.3% over Q2 
FY'21.  
 
On the sustainability aspect, we are glad to announce that 2 of our 
office buildings in U.S. have received LEED's GOLD Certificate. This 
certification reaffirms our focus on efficient operations and recognizes 
our efforts towards sustainability. Another important aspect of 
sustainability efforts is our midday meal program, Your Purchase Feeds. 
Recently, we crossed a milestone of 69 million meals with a run rate of 
approximately 51,000 meals donated every single school day.  
 
We continue to closely monitor the macro environment and business 
trends. I believe that we have capabilities, team, and experience to 
effectively manage growth in this environment. Despite near-term 
uncertainties, we believe that the long-term demand remains strong, 
and we are well prepared to leverage our competitive advantage. 
 
Our outlook for the mid-term remains intact, and we expect to deliver 
2% to 4% growth in this fiscal year and mid-teens revenue growth in 
subsequent years.  
 
Further, the Board of Directors of your Company has declared an 
interim dividend of Rs. 1.50 per share for the quarter. We look forward 
to maintaining a balance between growth, investment and quarterly 
payouts to generate sustainable value for our stakeholders. Over to you, 
Vineet. 
 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Hi. So, first of all, let me thank VGL Group for this opportunity being 
offered to me. My journey as Group CFO has been great and 
enterprising. And I would like to thank all my colleagues who share this 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
journey with me and supported me. I now look forward to the new 
challenges and opportunities that this position of President, Shop LC will 
offer. I would also like to congratulate Nitin for being promoted as 
Group CFO of VGL. Nitin has been a core asset of our company since last 
11 years and has great business acumen. I'm sure that he will continue 
to deliver in this role of Group CFO as well. Over to you, Nitin to say a 
few words. 
 
Nitin Panwad: 
Thank you, Vineet and Sunil for your kind words. First of all, I would like 
to congratulate Vineet for well-deserved elevation as President of Shop 
LC, U.S. I have worked with Vineet since 2020 and would like to say that 
he carries good business acumen and good team leader. I'm sure that 
he will once again demonstrate performance and lead Shop LC, U.S. to 
market leading growth. Further, I would like to thank VGL Group and 
the Board for showing this faith upon me and promoting to this position 
of Group CFO. This position carries challenges, as well as opportunities, 
and I'll give my best to meet the expectation of the new role. Back to 
you, Vineet. Thanks. 
 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Thanks, Nitin. So, let me now start with the discussion on quarterly 
financial performance. As Sunil mentioned earlier, demand outlook is 
muted, with refreshing sales impacting consumer sentiments. Overall, 
revenues stood at  
Rs. 646 crore, a growth of 1.8% year-on-year. As against the pre-COVID 
period of Q2 FY'20, growth is stronger at 33%, suggesting a healthy 
CAGR of 10%. 
 
In local currency terms, Shop LC, U.S. revenue declined by 6.4% year-on-
year impacted by the subdued demand and a very high base of last year. 
In U.K., our investment on upgrading freeview channel position has 
really contributed favorably. However, due to the sad demise of Queen 
in U.K., there was an impact on this quarter's revenue, which resulted in 
flattish growth for U.K., Germany continues to perform better and is 
evolving much stronger. Though these are unprecedented and difficult 
times, but we are rapidly adjusting our offerings to changing consumer 
demand and the same is reflected in improved revenue numbers 
month-on-month, which you can see in our results presentation. Our TV 
revenue stands at Rs. 397 crore and digital revenue at Rs. 233 crores. 
The numbers are up by 2.1% and 3.1% year-on-year respectively. 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
However, I'm comparing against pre-COVID period of Q2 FY'20, the 
growth is encouraging at 27% and 57% respectively.  
 
Our OTA reach continues to grow. We have added a few key cable 
markets to our distribution portfolio during the quarter. All these 
sustained efforts have resulted in an additional 10 million households in 
the U.S. across OTA and the cable TV platforms. Additionally, our 
investments on expanding omnichannel distribution have resulted in 
59% of the new customer acquisition happening on digital platforms 
during the quarter. This omnichannel distribution model promotes and 
encourages customer to transact on both TV, as well as digital 
platforms, which gives them a unique shopping experience and a cross-
selling potential to us. 
 
Omnichannel customer tends to be more sticky and have a significantly 
higher lifetime value than customers who buy only on TV or only on 
digital. I would like to highlight that our Budget Pay sales, which allows 
customers to purchase on EMI basis, continues to grow and presently it 
is contributing 39% of the total retail sales. This feature enables 
purchase easier and makes it convenient, thus driving deeper customer 
engagement. The non-jewelry segment comprising of fashion 
accessories, lifestyle products, beauty products, apparel and home 
products constitutes 27% of our total retail revenues. This non-jewelry 
segment has enabled us to take higher wallet share out of the same 
household. 
 
EBITDA margin for the quarter was 8.1%. As communicated earlier, we 
intend to achieve double-digit EBITDA margins in the medium-term, led 
by continued focus on cost optimization across the board and improved 
productivity and operating leverage. Current EBITDA margin have seen 
sequential improvement, owing to better revenue delivery and cost 
rebase initiative started few months back. Profit after-tax for the 
quarter is Rs. 23 crore as against Rs. 42 crore of last year. Operating 
cash flows and free cash flows were at Rs. 77 crore and Rs. 62 crore 
respectively. The continuing year-on-year improved cash generation 
due to CapEx coming to normal levels, alongside efficient capital 
allocation and focus on costs.  
 
On a TTM basis, ROE and ROCE were at 13% and 18% respectively. 
These return ratios suggest effect of conscious investments on affiliates, 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
digital 
marketing, 
German operations 
and broader 
economic 
environment. Through our strengthened execution, we remain 
committed and are confident to deliver strong returns for our 
stakeholders in the medium to long-term. We continue to create value 
and are pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has approved 
second interim dividend of the fiscal year of Rs. 1.50 per equity share.  
 
In the current macro environment, we are intensifying our efforts on 
driving growth through disciplined execution of our value offering, 
digital-led and customer-centric content. This is enabling in balancing 
our near-term responses to broader economic environment. We believe 
we have huge opportunities ahead of us and having required 
technological management and financial bandwidth, we are confident 
to successfully navigate the current environment.  
 
As Sunil mentioned that we have seen a visible sequential improvement 
during the last few months, with revenue trends improving month-over-
month, we firmly believe that this transient phase will be behind us 
soon. Considering the current macro environment, we expect to deliver 
a 2% to 4% top-line growth for this year with 8% to 9% EBITDA margin 
for this financial year. Our medium-term outlook remains intact, and we 
expect to deliver mid-teens revenue growth in subsequent years with 
operating leverage.  
 
With this, I hand it over back to the moderator. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes. Sir, I have 2 questions. One, it's quite surprising that your 
realizations are now about $35 a piece, which is a 20% higher number, 
yet the gross margins are lower. So, if you could just explain that 
phenomena? And we used to be at 65% type range. So, any comment 
there on the gross margin? You have given your comments on margin, 
EBITDA. That is the first question.  
 
And my second question is, sir, at EUR1 million Germany operations per 
month, what is the EBITDA burn in Germany, so that we can understand 
ex of Germany, what kind of margins are now happening on your more 
stabilized U.S. and U.K. operations? 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Sure, Pritesh. So, the increased average selling price of $35 is the result 
of current business environment. We have lower eyeballs currently 
because people have gone out for experiences, and there is more 
attraction of gold product, like not heavy gold product, but gold product 
like 2 grams to 5 grams kind of chains that people are picking up and 
that has increased our ASP currently. And we believe that this is 
transient because of the current inflationary environment.  
 
So, second question was about the lower gross margin. So we give 
guidance of 60%-plus gross margin, and we stay true to that guidance. 
Given that trend between 60%to 65%, it keeps on fluctuating depending 
on the product mix and the business environment. So, the current 
business environment is a little bit of subdued because of inflationary 
fears and some changes in the U.K., the political change of the Queen's 
demise. And that led to some dilution of margins.  
 
The third point was about Germany. Though EUR1 million run rate is 
achieved in recent months, the gross margin wise, Germany is ahead of 
U.S. and U.K., but EBITDA is negative. Now sequentially compared to 
last year Q2 and this year Q2, it is slightly better in absolute euro terms. 
And as we proceed to next quarter, the business will continue to 
improve, the losses will continue to be lower than last year same 
period. So, there'll be some gain in terms of losses from Germany. We 
expect H2 of next financial year to be profitable for Germany. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Can you quantify at EUR1 million revenue, what is the EBITDA burn? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
We don't have EBITDA burn numbers. So, we don't have EBITDA burn, 
but approximately EUR400,000 a month currently is the burn rate, 
EUR400,000 a month. And sequentially it keeps on going down as we 
assemble more unique customer base. And also, the longevity of 
customer improves the repeat purchase. We already achieved 15 repeat 
purchase per average customer in trailing 12 months, which is quite 
better than our earlier estimates. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So, lastly, I haven't calculated it, but the margins in U.S. and U.K., 
at what run rate those margins are running at, combined? 
 
Sunil Agrawal:  
 
Sorry, you mean gross margins? 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
No, no, no, EBITDA, EBITDA. 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Now I don't have the specific number, but in our investor presentation, 
we've broken down U.K. as well as U.S. So, you would have that 
information. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, let's say at EUR400,000, so that's about likelihood, if we've about Rs. 
10 crore burn, so Rs. 96 crore, so that is Rs. 106 crore. Okay. So 
basically, we would be at INR13 crore, we have a stable margin in U.S. 
and U.K., is that assumption correct? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
No, no. No, no. So U.S. and U.K. both have suppressed margin because 
of the environment too. If it was just a stable margin as last year, then 
the German burn would not have been as impactful. So, we expect U.K. 
and U.S., both to come back to improve margin in next year. So, we'll 
have leverage coming in from next financial year. This year, we are 
giving guidance of 8% to 9% EBITDA including Germany burn. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
H1 FY'22 had Germany operations, or it did not have Germany 
operations? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
FY'22, we had very miniscule Germany operations. We started in May of 
2021. So, there was a burn last year. So there was a quite substantial 
burn last year. So this year burn will be lower than last year. And next 
year will be yet lower, in H1, there'll be a burn, in H2, we'll be profitable, 
but for the whole year, there will be burn. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So FY'22 was a higher burn versus FY'23, that's how it is, right? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Correct. Yes. Correct. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Shah from Envision Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations, Sunil, on a steady 
performance in an otherwise difficult environment, especially in terms 
of sequential improvement in margins and strong cash flow generation. 
And congratulations, both, Vineet and Nitin, for the new opportunities 
at Vaibhav Global.  

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
 
Sunil, my first question is around the volume degrowth that we are 
seeing in our TV business through the TV channel. And this year, this 
first half, we're seeing a 25% decline in volumes over the same period 
last year. Now last year's base was not a high base, I mean this is not in 
comparison to FY'21, which, of course, was a high base. But on a base of 
last year, it looks to be kind of slightly significantly higher volume 
degrowth. I mean apart from, of course, the general environment, 
consumer sentiment and those factors, but anything specific which is 
leading to such a sharp decline in volumes on the TV side? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Nilesh, so volume degrowth is the factor of the audience that we have 
at any given time. So, there are 2 factors. One is that people went out 
quite a bit during the year, especially for experiences, because they 
were bound for a couple of years and the holidays or vacation, outing 
has been hit quite a bit. 
 
Second thing was the inflation and recession fears. In this current 
environment, we found that people are buying more investment kind of 
product. Although, people have, as I said, not really a major investment, 
but people perceive them to be investment. So, gold product has been 
selling well. So, the gold chains or gold rings or gold bracelets have been 
selling well. And that led to a higher ASP and therefore, lower volume. 
So, if we were to stay at a lower price point, as Pritesh mentioned, our 
revenue growth would have been bit more impacted in order to meet 
the revenue numbers and what the customer pool was, we went with 
higher ASP and that led to lower volume. But the $35 ASP that you saw 
last quarter is not a long-term steady state business plan. We'll come 
back to around $20 ASP in longer-term once we are behind the 
inflationary environment and recessionary fear environment, and the 
steady-state of consumer behavior is back to the normal. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
Just a sequel to that, I mean you don't think that the volume decline 
that we have seen, a significant volume decline is like the start of a 
structural downtrend in terms of TV as a medium essentially kind of 
going out of vogue? You don't think this is anything like that? This is 
more like kind of just a temporary blip for the reasons which you 
outlined? 
 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Absolutely. It is transient and we are seeing this across U.S., U.K. It's not 
just U.K. has a little bit less impact because we acquired quite a lot of 
new customers because of new channel position. But otherwise, from 
the older channel distribution is similar behavior. So, it is the transient 
current environment. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
My second question is around our private label strategy. So, we have a 
very interesting slide in our presentation on the private label strategy. I 
mean if you can just kind of elaborate a bit in terms of what your 
thought process is. But what I was more keen to know is that, that slide 
showcases several brands and what is the thought process? Do we 
intend to have such a large number of brands of our own? And 
obviously each brand will require some kind of investment, which might 
accelerate going forward and therefore impact margins? I know it's still 
early days for that, but what are your thoughts on that? Does it make 
sense to have like one umbrella brand, like say the way you have say of 
Zara which sells everything under Zara or you think that having multiple 
brands in our private label kind of strategy, is that a better way 
forward? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, very good question, Nilesh. So, we have a process in the company 
that a collection with certain attributes and the price point of discipline 
and the brand personality is designed by our branding team and then 
we take that to the consumer. The minimum requirement for that is 
each brand should achieve at least a $1 million sales within a year. 
Otherwise, it will be discontinued. The benefit of this is the customer 
engagement with the brand and customer repeat purchase with the 
brand. And we have seen the brand performance in margins slightly 
better than the normal non-branded product.  
 
And to your point, we do have umbrella brands like Shop LC and TJC. 
The customers do associate with the umbrella brand and there is high 
repeat purchase is mainly with umbrella brands. But the product brand 
does improve further customer engagement and repeat purchase. So 
that has been our experience, but we are always closely looking at the 
data and refining the strategy where it is necessary. But we do believe 
that we want to improve the in-house brands further and the third-
party brands to keep at minimum. 
 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Yes. My question was on the gross margins. So, in slide number 31, you 
have highlighted that the major reason for this 3% decline in gross 
margin was product mix and default price transition. So, can you 
comment a bit in how are we looking at in the next 1 to 2 quarters, just 
both the aspects of product mix and default price transition? And 
hence, could we see some improvement in gross margins going ahead? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. Thanks for the question, Sachin. So, we constantly guide for 60%-
plus margin, because consumer pull for particular product at any given 
time is not 100% definite. For example, last couple of quarter, consumer 
has been pulling a lot of gold product. And that is slightly lower margin, 
not meaningful, but slightly lower margin. And if you are able to sell 
more $10, $20 products, that gets us higher margin. So that depends on 
the pull. And our guidance will stay at 60%-plus margin for coming 
period. Other than that, we are unable to give specific guidance. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
No, I'm not talking about specific guidance, I'm just trying to understand 
this impact of product mix and deferred price transition that we have 
seen in this quarter. Will its impact reduce and hence you see some 
price transition happening and product mix improving as we go just as a 
direction or you think that the way you are seeing the environment, this 
will remain there for some time? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. So, a part of the reason for very high gross margin last year was 
essentials. We sold quite a bit of masks and other essential products 
which were high gross margin. And also, this year, there were some cost 
increases like shipping cost increase, which  we could not pass on to the 
customer. So, we can't predict whether we would be able to increase 
margin from this level depending on where the macro environment will 
be. So, our guidance will stay at 60%-plus. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. The second one was on this other thing that you have mentioned 
about accelerating investment in digital and broadcasting. So, have you 
seen the number that we're seeing this quarter, is it the peak number 
and hence as the revenue grows, will we see some leverage coming on 
this investments or as the revenue will keep increasing, we'll continue 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
to see accelerating investment in digital and broadcasting, hence, it will 
continue to impact the overall EBITDA margin? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. So last 2 quarters, we were kind of fortunate to get opportunities 
to get into some additional markets. Now typically these markets take 
anywhere from 1 year to 2 years to really mature. Mature means, 
where our affiliate costs are at our steady-state level. So, these 2 
quarters were pretty good for us in terms of getting new distribution. 
Now getting new distribution, we always make an effort to have more 
distribution. We still have a lot of runways in front of us to get 
additional distribution in U.S. For example, full power OTA, we are only 
in 4 million homes compared to total almost 21 million available. So 
there's still lot of runway in front of us. Cable homes, we still have about 
15 million more cable homes to get into. 
 
We will get the opportunity; we'll get into them. But we don't really 
have a visibility on when exactly we'll be able to get into them because 
they have more opportunity now and whenever we can get the 
opportunity through, as a channel is vacated by another player and we 
get an offer to it and we are able to bid at a fair price that we are happy 
with, we'll take that on. 
 
So for your model, you should take the current investment we are 
making into our affiliate as constant in dollar terms, not in revenue 
percentage terms, but in dollar terms. If we are able to get more 
distribution, we may be able to get, but we don't give specific guidance 
for that. Our guidance this quarter that we have given for H2 is 8% to 
9% of EBITDA number for the whole year. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And my last question was in this cost saving of 2.6% that we have 
seen, and there's a slide number 32, which mentions around 3 areas. So, 
this $5 million to $7 million savings is basically part of this 2.6% or these 
are the additional programs that we are going to run over and above 
this 2.6% benefit that we have seen in actually in terms of EBITDA 
margin benefits? 
 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
So, yes, this 2.6% which you see in the bridge, so some part of the cost 
savings have already started kicking in and that's part of this. 
 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
But fair to assume that when you were mentioning $5 million to $7 
millionsum like almost half-half in H1 or H2 or would you say that a 
larger benefit of this $5 million to $7 million would come in H2? 
 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
So, a larger benefit would come in H2. So the savings started flowing in 
partly from Q1 and is now maturing month-on-month, but like in terms 
of weightage, higher weightage will be in H2. Having said that, when we 
are giving the EBITDA margin guidance for the full year, so this is already 
factored in from keeping that in mind. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And lastly, in case of Germany, you mentioned that the gross 
margins are better than U.S. and U.K., any reasons? And is this like the 
nature of that market and this should sustain as we grow there and 
become a much larger entity or is it that initially because the base is 
lower and because of certain product mix changes and all, the gross 
margins in Germany are better than U.S. and U.K.? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, in Germany, the reason for higher gross margin is that the shipping 
revenue is lower and also the return shipping, customers don't have to 
pay if they want to return, whereas in U.S., you get customer pays for 
return shipping. So, because of the structure of the market, we tend to 
get higher gross margin. When we launched, we didn't expect the 
consumer to be able to comfortably pay their higher margins, but they 
are doing. And that will become profitable 1 year sooner than we 
originally expected. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. So just trying to understand better, you're saying, in case of 
Germany, the gross margins are higher, but we may end up incurring 
higher on the logistic cost, whereas in case of U.S. and U.K., the gross 
margin has been lower, but then the logistic costs would also be lower 
and hence at EBITDA it may not be that much of a difference. Is that 
correct assumption? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. So, there is some dilution because of the higher logistics costs. But 
net-net, the overall margin is better than we originally expected, 
therefore, the accelerated time for breakeven by 1 year. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And if I got you right, you said the current burn in Germany is 
approximately EUR400,000 at a revenue run rate of EUR1 million? 
 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Correct. So that was the last 2 months run rate, but going forward, yes. 
So, for this current quarter, so it was about Rs. 12 crore for last quarter, 
which was a little over the EUR400,000, and the next coming quarters 
will be lower than that. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And on slide number 22 in which you have given a month-on-
month trend. Will you be able to give us some comments on how the 
October month has gone by? Because you've shown that as August and 
September, we have started to see a recovery with some pause in 
September because of the trends there. Will you be able to comment 
anything on how this October has sustained this trend at least or again, 
because of the macros, and we're seeing October has started to see 
softness? 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, to the extent, not completed and we don't really have data. But we 
are fairly confident of our guidance to get to 2% to 4% guidance, there 
have to be a positive trend and we are seeing that. 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
I want to thank all the participants for your time and great questions. 
And I also want to thank you for your support to VGL in past years. If 
you have any further questions, please feel free to reach Prashant 
Saraswat at VGL or Mit Shah at CDR India, and we'll be happy to answer 
your questions. Thank you once again. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Vaibhav Global Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
 
 
