 
 
 
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Registered and Corporate Office: Natraj, M.V. Road and Western Express Highway Junction 
Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 069. Tel.: (022) 6191 0000/ 3968 0000 
IRDAI Regn. No. 111. CIN: L99999MH2000PLC129113 
www.sbilife.co.in 
 
 
November 1, 2022                  
 
 
SBIL/F&A-CS/NSE-BSE/2223/260 
 
Assistant Vice President                      
 
General Manager 
Listing Department,  
 
 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India,  
 
BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
Dalal Street,  
BKC, Bandra (East), 
 
 
           Mumbai - 400001  
 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 21, 2022 
 
This is in continuation to our intimation letter ref. no. SBIL/F&A-CS/NSE-BSE/2223/244 
dated October 19, 2022 and in compliance with the provision of Regulation 30 read with 
Schedule III (Part A) (Para A) (15) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Transcript of the earnings call held on October 21, 2022 with analysts/ investors were 
uploaded on the Company's website at www.sbilife.co.in 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
Vinod Koyande 
Company Secretary 
ACS No. 33696 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vinod Vijay 
Koyande
Digitally signed by Vinod Vijay Koyande 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=b7aebdc9abb6c86a1a59955ee
4cc02387f324e3db28d5f84bd727f0eb6
aa6676, postalCode=400042, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=de78ad2d4c41f28d429c
68640e9584f845065c355bb616c82d15
df626f7cca8f, cn=Vinod Vijay Koyande 
Date: 2022.11.01 19:13:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
“SBI Life Insurance Company Limited Q2 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MAHESH KUMAR SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO. 
MR. SANGRAMJIT SARANGI – PRESIDENT & CFO. 
MR. RAVI KRISHNAMURTHY – PRESIDENT OPERATIONS & IT. 
MR. ABHIJIT GULANIKAR – PRESIDENT BUSINESS STRATEGY. 
MR. SUBHENDU BAL – CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
MR. PRITHESH CHAUBEY – APPOINTED ACTUARY. 
MS. SMITA VERMA – SVP, FINANCE & INVESTOR RELATIONS. 
 
Moderator:               Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY 2023 Earnings 
Conference Call of SBI Life Insurance Company. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma – Managing 
Director and CEO, SBI Life Insurance. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Thank you very much. Good evening everyone. And we heartily welcome 
you all to the results update call of SBI Life Insurance for the half year ended 
September 30th, 2022. The update on our financial results can be accessed 
on our website, and as well as on the websites of both the stock exchanges. I 
have along with me, Sangramjit Sarangi – President and CFO; Ravi 
Krishnamurthy – President Operations and IT; Abhijit Gulanikar – President 
Business Strategy, Subhendu Bal – Chief Risk Officer; Prithesh Chaubey – 
Appointed Actuary; and Smita Verma – SVP, Finance and Investor Relations. 
                                       Now, let me give you some key highlights for this half year ended 30th 
September 2022: New Business Premium registered a growth of 27% Y-o-Y 
and stands at Rs.130.9 billion, leading to private market leadership. Individual 
New Business Premium stands at Rs.84.6 billion with a strong growth of 31% 
and private market share of 25.3%. Gross written premium stands at Rs.279.7 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
billion a growth of 21%. Protection New Business Premium grew by 32% to 
Rs.16 billion. Profit after tax stands at Rs.6.4 billion, 36% growth over 
corresponding same period last year. Value of new businesses Rs.21.2 billion 
registering a strong growth of 53% over the Rs.13.8 billion in September 2021. 
VONB margin is at 31% with an improvement of 630 basis points over 24.7% 
in September 21. Embedded value of the Company as of September 30th, 
2022, stands at Rs.424.1 billion. Assets under management grew by 16% to 
Rs.2.83 trillion, robust solvency ratio of 2.19 as against the regulatory 
requirement of 1.5.  
I would also like to highlight a few key initiatives taken by the Company, 
considering the various requirements of the customers: 
We have launched SBI Life Retire Smart Plus product which is a unit linked 
pension savings product. This product offers a comprehensive range of 
pension savings, with varied fund options with an option to defer the vesting 
date as compared to our earlier version of Retire Smart which didn’t have this 
feature. With a view to broaden our reach, SBI Life has tied up with India Post 
Payments Bank, a leading bank in rural markets. With this, we will be able to 
reach to our customers, especially the section living in unbanked and 
underserved areas, to become financially secure and empowered.  
We will now update you on each of the key elements. Let me start with the 
premium, Individual new business has grown to Rs.84.6 billion with the growth 
of 31% Y-o-Y. Single premium contribution is 32% of Individual New Business 
Premium which can be attributed to growth in our Individual annuity product. 
The Company gained private market share of 196 basis points to reach 25.3% 
market share. On Individual rated new business premium stand at Rs.60.5 
billion with a growth of 21% and private market leadership with a share of 
23.7%. Also, Group new business premium stands at Rs.46.3 with a growth of 
21%. In all we have collected total New business premium of Rs.130.9 billion 
registering private market share of 22.6%. Renewal premium grew by 16% to 
Rs.148.8 billion which accounts for 53% of the gross written premium. 
To sum up: 
GWP stands at Rs.279.7 billion with a growth of 21%. In APE terms, premium 
stands at Rs.68.3 billion registering a growth of 22%, of which Individually APE 
stands at Rs.61.2 billion with a growth of 22%.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
During the half year ended, September 30, 2022, 9.29 lakh new policies were 
issued and this registered a Y-o-Y growth of 21%. Individual New business 
sum assured registered a growth of 14% over the corresponding period last 
year, as compared to a growth of 7% at private industry level. Considering our 
robust performance for H1 FY23, we continue to expect healthy growth in our 
performance in H2 FY23. 
Let me give you details about the product mix; we are happy to report that the 
Company has steadily moved towards a more balanced product mix. So, on a 
half year basis our guaranteed Non-Par savings products are contributing 20% 
of the Individual New business and on APE basis, this constitutes 26%. Non-
Par guaranteed new business premium has registered a growth of 221%,         
Y-o-Y mainly due to the new business contribution of smart platina plus which 
is Rs.12.69 billion in the half year ended September 30, 2022. This product 
was launched in March 22, and has seen a strong traction in the new business 
premium, mainly due to the product features, which are having a high 
acceptance in the market. ULIP has remain one of the flagship segments for 
the Company. Individual ULIP premium is at Rs.43 billion, which now 
constitutes 51% of Individual new business premium. Individual protection is at 
Rs.4.3 billion registering a growth of 17%. Group protection stands at Rs.11.8 
billion with growth of 38%. Credit life new business premium has grown by 36% 
and stands at Rs.9.1 billion. On APE basis protection contributes 11% of the 
new business and has registered a growth of 23%. Annuity business is at 
Rs.19.8 billion and contributes 15% of New business premium. Under annuity, 
the Company is offering immediate as well as deferred annuities. Individual 
annuity business is growing at 136% over the same period last year. Total 
annuity and pension underwritten by the Company is Rs.32.8 billion registering 
a growth of 7% over the half year ended September 30, 2021. Group Fund 
Management business is at Rs.31.1 billion with a growth of 39%.  
On our distribution partners with a strength of more than 54,000 CIFs, SBI and 
RRB Bancassurance business contributes 67% and grew by 38% in Individual 
New business premium. And on Individual APE basis it stands at                
Rs.41.3 billion with the growth of 24.5%. Agency, our other major channel 
registered a new business premium growth of 24% and contributes 18%. In 
new business premium, agency channel individually APE stands at 17.1 billion, 
with a growth of 12.5%. As on 30 September 2022, the total number of agents 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
stands at 1,78,357. During the half year, the Company added nearly a net of 
32,300 agents.  
During the half year, other channels grew by 52%, which includes direct, 
corporate agents, brokers, online and web aggregators and 45% in Individual 
APE. Protection new business premium through other channels registered a 
growth of 38%. Partnerships like Indian Bank, UCO Bank, South Indian Bank, 
Punjab & Sind Bank and Yes Bank registered a growth of 62%. These 
partnerships have started contributing 3% of the Individual new business 
premium.  
For profitability, the Company’s PAT for the half year ended 30th September 
2022 stands at Rs.6.4 billion with 36% growth Y-o-Y. Our solvency remain 
strong at 219% as on 30 September 2022. Value of new business is at Rs.21.2 
billion with growth of 53% Y-o-Y against Rs.13.8 billion in the corresponding 
period last year. VNB margin is at 31% vis-à-vis 24.7% in H1 FY22, with an 
improvement of 630 basis points. We have aligned the value of new business 
and VNB margin for half year ended 30th September 2021 in-line with 30th 
March 2022 disclosures. Growth in VNB margins fueled by change in product 
mix with predominantly non-PAR segment has contributed and of course the 
business volume. With our growth targets and the product mix shift we expect 
to maintain a healthy VNB and VNB growth rates.  
Coming to operational efficiency, OEPX ratio reduced to 5.6% for the H1 FY23 
from 5.8% for a similar period last year, our total cost ratio stands at 10.2% for 
the first half compared to 9.5% for the last year, same period. With respect to 
persistency of Individual regular premium and limited premium paying policy, 
13-month persistency stands at 85.2%. The Company has registered a 
significant improvement in 49th month and 61st month persistency by 276 basis 
points and 363 basis points respectively. We have witnessed improvement in 
persistency ratios across all the cohort. As mentioned in my opening remarks, 
assets under management standards at Rs.2.8 trillion as of September 30, 
2022, having grown 16% as compared to September 30, 2021. The Company 
continues efficient use of technology for simplification of process. 99% of the 
Individual proposals are being submitted digitally, 43% of Individual proposals 
are processed through automated underwriting.  
To conclude, we continuously endeavor to maintain our leadership position and 
continue to further increase our market share by offering innovative products 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
that meets the evolving needs of our customers. With a widespread robust 
distribution network complemented by digital technology, our innovation 
strength and above all, our people power, we are well placed to make the most 
of the abundant growth opportunities offered in India’s under penetrated 
insurance sector. We will continue to leverage existing partnerships and 
explore new partners and launch new products to meet customers needs. 
Thank you very much for a patient listening and we are now happy to take any 
questions that you may have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Swarnabha 
Mukherjee from B&K securities. Please go ahead 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: I have couple of questions. First one, I would like to have your comments on 
how do you see growth panning out in the second half, given that you have 
focus on diversification now and what is the expectation on ULIP now as it is 
slightly lower proportion of the mix than it used to be earlier. Given that, in Ulip 
generally the average ticket size will be higher than your rest of the product 
segment, correct me if I’m wrong in case that is not correct. So, how do we see 
growth panning out, APE going ahead for the second half that will be my first 
question. Second is on the margin side, so this particular quarter sequentially 
there has been an increase in contribution for ULIPs. And that has been the 
major change in the product mix along with non-PAR contribution also going 
down slightly. So, despite that focusing on expansion of the margin, just 
wanted your thoughts on how to repump into this. Again a function of the cost 
ratios being lowered this quarter, how should I look into this. And what is the 
operating assumption changes that have been shared in the VNB if you can 
throw some light on that, those are my question sir. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: If you are looking at growth for the second half, our second half has always 
been very, very strong. So, if you see historically, Q3 and Q4 are extremely 
strong for SBI Life and we don’t imagine that anything that should actually 
change all that. So our own projections are based on our historical trend of Q3, 
Q4 being the strongest quarters for us. So we look forward to a good robust 
growth there. ULIP have been maintaining earlier also. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Yes, sir please go ahead, I just wanted if you could quantify what would be 
our growth guidance for the year at least. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, I have already said earlier that we would like to grow at 20% to 25%. And 
that remains, and we are working towards that directionally we are going right. 
And like I said, Q3, Q4 being strong quarters for us, we are very confident that 
we’ll be able to achieve our projections. ULIP, I have said earlier also in, I think 
I remember in all my earlier calls I have said this, that ULIP growth will be there, 
we see a lot of traction already happening for demand for ULIP, and ULIP will 
also continue to grow. Obviously, the non-PAR product that we have launched 
was a super hit with our customers and as a result of that, it appears as if the 
focus is slightly off ULIP, but ULIP will continue to grow because it’s a very, the 
products that we have are very customer friendly products. You will also 
recollect that I just shared about a new product that we have launched Retire 
Smart Plus and that’s also ULIP linked product and that is also expected to do 
very well going forward. So, the growth and the whole idea about ticket sizes 
and all you are right, the ticket sizes of non-ULIP products may be slightly 
lower. But then our whole idea is that ULIP will also continue to grow according 
to its usual pace, that we grow with at least that is the minimum that we would 
expect it to grow. And therefore, we don’t see any major reduction in ticket 
sizes or in our ability to meet our targets.  
Last question about the VNB margins, you were asking about margin how 
come the margins continue to be robust, even though you said that non-PAR 
has gone down or something like that no such thing has happened, non-PAR 
has grown.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Non-PAR, I was pointing towards the mix change, so non-PAR sharing. 
Company Speaker: 
Yes, but if the volume grows obviously that thing is going to be there, the 
contribution is going to be there. So, the volume has grown overall so if you 
see the growth, non-PAR has grown in this quarter.  
Company Speaker:       Also, just to add what our MD sir has mentioned, that you may see some slight 
reduction in this quarter, a quarter in non-PAR thing but within a non-PAR 
saving it also depends on the combination because you have several non-PAR 
products which having the higher margin, even the new product that last year 
we have launched they have a different option and each option has a different 
margin. So, there is a shift happening on that part so would optimize those 
margin within non-PAR and also in case of annuity we have different annuity 
on individual platform, which we launched subsequently and that is also 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
helping us to enhance our margin. So, if you see this does contribute, and help 
us to maintain the margin that at current level.  
Management: 
So, just to clarify the product mix change is only 2% compared to the other 
product mix has moved from non-PAR to ULIP only by 2% in this quarter, so 
it’s not very material change. And Prithesh has answered the remaining parts.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Yes, sure that’s very helpful. Just a follow up on the growth side sir, the growth 
numbers guidance that you gave, is that on APE basis or NBP basis? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: You can take it on APE basis. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepika Mundra from JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Deepika Mundra: 
Sir, just I believe that on the VNB side on the base number there has been 
some restatement right for 1H 22? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Correct. What we have done is, whatever we had projected in March 22. 
That same methodology we have used on September 21, so you will remember 
that we had a, we were stating on a different basis, and we changed the 
methodology in March 22 and so to compare the September 22 figures, we 
have done the same thing with September 21 and come up with these figures. 
So, 24.7% that you are seeing is as per the new methodology. 
Deepika Mundra: 
Right. So, could you help us with this that breakup for June 21 and September 
21 or if you have it handy? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Breakup of what? 
Deepika Mundra: 
Sorry, the second quarter number for VNB margin, which equates to the 31.5 
in another same methodology. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: We can calculate and give it to you, but I don’t think we have it, I don’t have 
it at this moment. Prithesh will answer. 
Company Speaker:       So, see earlier what MD sir mentioned that earlier we need to show the base 
number and then you have to give some sensitivity and effective price of things 
that we are model subsequently in the month of March and model was 
reviewed by TW at that point time. So, what we did that, just to be comparable 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
number we have rebased those numbers and that is the reason those numbers 
become 24.7 and hence we are comparing our VNB margin growth from 24.7 
to 31%. Now if you look into June as well, June Q1 also we have rebased same 
approach. So, while June opening number was 21.2 and base we have 
reinstated to 23.7 and closing numbers are 2022 was 30.4. So, if you want to 
compare the comparative number by June 21 the rebase number by 23.7 and 
September 21 it is 24.7. 
Deepika Mundra: 
Okay, sir very clear. Sir this question on the EV sensitivity, it has gone up to 
4% in the first half of versus 1.8 which was in FY22 any clarification on that, 
what is driving the higher sensitivity in EV? 
Company Speaker:      So, this is basically on the base effects. So, if you see the March, if you see 
the EV from the March to September has gone up significantly and when you 
do the sensitivity from current level base has changed and result you see 
higher sensitivity coming from the interest rate side.  
Deepika Mundra: 
Sir sorry, would you mind elaborating a little bit on that? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, what happens when you the yield is on 31st March was lower and when 
you do the sensitivity for 1% up, you do the sensitivity from that level. What 
happened from the March to September the yield has gone up and if you look 
into the shorter duration, yield has gone up more than 100 basis points and as 
a result there would be MTM losses coming from as compared to the March 
2022. And that will be become your base and when you do sensitivity, you start 
with a lower MTM base. As a result, you’ll see the base number will change. 
The major contribution coming from those funds included particularly the 
shareholder Fund, where there is no corresponding liability. So, while other 
LOB has a corresponding liabilities so it will get offset on that basis. In 
shareholder funds there is no subsequent liability so all MTM will impact your 
sensitivity. Subsequently, if you also look into this discounting because EVs 
are run out of business of future and initial year your base has increased. So, 
when you, it is not linear impact on the inforce business or EV. So, when you 
go and start looking with the higher number the impact will be different. And 
that’s the reason you see higher sensitivity is coming out.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Avinash Singh: 
So, the first question, of course numbers are too good, but in terms of 
improvement of course, you have hired a good amount of agency workforce 
over the last one, two years. Now, at this juncture, what kind of productivity 
improvement, how do you see the growth across agency channel comparing 
vis-à-vis banks that of course has been firing. So, what are your sort of plans 
around agency and how do you see this performance improving, that’s one. 
And second within Banca, ex-SBI what would be the contribution because 
some of the public sector banks, we are already almost with them for two, three 
years now. And they have of course a larger account. So, what is overall ex-
SBI contribution in the Banca, these are the two questions. Thank you. 
Management: 
So, agency, you are right we have recruited so what has happened is that in 
the COVID basically there were a lot of agents who were not able to perform, 
and we are not actually removed any agents from our rosters in the last, last 
year only we started that process once again to rationalize the number so, but 
what we have done is, we are going all out to get more and more agents and 
to increase the agency business. So, as you can see we have the biggest 
agency in the private sector by long margin, and our productivity, per agent 
productivity is two and a half lakhs, I don’t think anybody else has got anything 
near that. And this is what we would like to grow. And it can go higher also, 
there’s already been a growth of about 6%, 7% in productivity. But there is a 
lot of scope there and plus the numbers, if you see the net number have gone 
up by 32,000 and this is not my target, we are targeting a much higher number. 
So, once these agents in the same proportion start getting productive. I’m sure 
agency will contribute much more in the future.  
The other question regarding the non-SBI Banca, so I can say that right now 
we have got 3% of the business comes from these banks. And our idea is that 
this should go way up, because if you look at the way SBI has grown, these 
public sector banks partnerships that we have if they can only, even take that 
same trajectory, the growth is going to be huge but having said that, you will 
notice that these relationships have grown by much bigger amounts, so almost 
63% growth across the other partners. So, that’s something which we have 
already achieved.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS 
India. Please go ahead.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Yes, I wanted to understand our outlook on last quarter we spoke about that 
we’ll be looking for passing on some benefits in terms of yield, over the course 
of time so where are we and how much would if any at all effect on our margin 
expansion. That is the first question, and second is on the Bima Sugam wanted 
to know that, that we are not too active on third party platform but would there 
be any change of strategy with the opening of this online exchange by the 
regulator? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Yes, so see outlook on interest rates it’s a, basically a thing that we keep 
calibrating. Now if you look at the movement of interest rates, you really don’t 
know whether there are going to be any more interest rate hikes. So, this is 
something which we are looking very closely and the product itself has got a 
very good demand that we have the non-PAR guaranteed, the guarantee that 
we are offering is finding very good uptake. Right now we are evaluating so 
we’ll see how it goes. Obviously if I increase guarantee rates, the margin is 
going to go down by that much amount. There is no way you can increase the 
interest rates paid to the customer and increase the margin. So, that is not 
happening, but having it will be, we will keep close look on the interest rate 
movements and decide whether we want to do any such thing, obviously the 
customer is king and if the customer will buy only if there is a higher guarantee 
then obviously we will re-price and we will give a better guarantee there.  
Bima Sugam is a good initiative by the regulator, it is going in the right direction 
with that kind of a thing we’ll have to see what the contours of the platform are 
going to look like. And what kind of business can happen out there. But prima 
facie it’s a very good idea and we were not on these earlier platform, because 
they were very expensive to be on, frankly speaking. So, I don’t think it has got 
anything to do with our reluctance to be on a public platform. But we don’t like 
to be on fixed platforms. So, platform which are fixed by somebody else, so 
therefore we were reluctant to be on other platforms. But Bima Sugam coming 
from the regulator and having all the right credentials, I don’t think we will have 
any hesitation in going all out on that platform. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity. 
Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
My first question was on our non-PAR book it’s grown quite well. I just wanted 
to get a sense of you see enough availability of hedging instruments to keep 
growing this book at the pace that you all would look like to desire. And also, 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
typically what percentage of this book is hedged for us and also, could you give 
a sense of what is the average tenure for this book, like how much would be 
different and how much is immediate?  
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, the availability of hedging obviously we would like to hedge any kind of 
such a guarantee product, we can’t go ahead without hedging unless you have 
a crystal ball and you know exactly how the interest rates are going to behave. 
So, failing to do that, we would like to hedge and we will continue to hedge so 
long as the availability is there. So, right now we don’t see any problem with 
the availability, and we are able to hedge to the extent that we want to cover 
and I wouldn’t like to give any percentage out here, it’s something which we do 
at our end, but suffice to say that we are well hedged to take care of the 
uncertainties of the nature of the product it’s a long term premium paying 
product. So, it goes from seven to 10 years, and therefore we are properly 
hedged there and we would like to continue to be hedged there and right now 
we are able to get what we want. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And sir there’s a lot of opportunity to grow within the SBI branch network, 
can you just give us a sense of what is the share of branches that are activated, 
what is the long term number that we can kind of get to add and. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Almost all branches of SBI are generally active. So, maybe it may vary from 
month-to-month but on an average all the branches of SBI would be active with 
some minimum number of policies being sold. So, that is something which 
contributes to our growth in SBI, and that has been very steady if you can see 
over the past. 
Management: 
And see our number are just under 40 lakhs per branch is what we have 
achieved and which is lower number than some of our leading private 
competitors, we hope to bridge that gap over years. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
So, that was very helpful, what do you think is the right this productivity of 40 
lakhs how do you see that trending over time, where do you think what is a 
more healthy number? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: It can go up, see what happens is in India it is not a question of the availability 
of people to who need insurance, it is a limit of the people to understand that 
they need to buy insurance so, you keep talking to people and like any sale, 
you talk to 100 people, you get two, three sales. So, in insurance it is probably 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
on the lower side there. So, you have to talk to a lot of people, it is not a very 
easy conversation to have. So, when you start the conversation saying that, 
suppose you die tomorrow, who will take care of your family. It’s not a very 
easy conversation to start. So, that is why insurance business in India is taking 
a little while to actually reach that penetration level, which is there in many 
advanced countries. But having said that, there’s huge scope. So, there’s a lot 
of scope and if you ask me, I will tell you the global figures, overall figures that 
you see there is a 82% protection gap in India. So, the amount of protection 
that Indians need overall, only 18% of that is fulfilled. So, you know the kind of 
potential that exists out there. And that’s true of SBI customers also. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Absolutely sir. And one final question, typically at these SBI branches how 
many SBI Life employees would be stationed over there as a rule of thumb? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, I would like to say, but every branch should have one person who sells, 
who should typically be able to sell insurance.  
Management: 
So, what happens is, we have support given to each and every branch of SBI. 
And unlike other players, we have multiple bank branches being handled by 
one BDM, of course there are some 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: No, not our employees he is asking about SBI employee. You are asking 
about SBI employees? 
Anirudh Shetty: 
No sir SBI Life employees. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: No, sorry I was talk about SBI employees, typically there should be one per 
branch at least that is the minimum that we need. And in bigger branches, there 
would be more, our own employees we have a very different kind of structure. 
So, there would be about one employee per 10 on an average, per 10 branches 
on an average, so that can change depending on the distance and all for 
example Northeast, I can’t say that I will have 10 branches covered by one 
person, because the branches may themselves be 100, 200 kilometers away.  
Anirudh Shetty: 
Do you see the need to add more because as you mentioned it’s a touch, 
protection is a tough product to sell. So, do you think…. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Our people not, see the whole idea of our model and why our model is 
cheaper is because we are following the regulatory instructions of the bank 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
people doing the sale and our people are trading, hand holding them, helping 
them with the sale process. So, that is the model that we are following and that 
is why we are the lowest cost if I were to put one person per branch to sell from 
my side that I would be beating, I will defeating the requirements of regulation 
also and at the same time it would be a very, very high cost model. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Two questions from my side. One is you alluded to the change in product mix 
within the non-PAR segment which kind of supported the margins during the 
quarter. So, do you like to throw some more color into the mix of the products 
in terms of policy term or customer age or tenure. And second, on credit life 
last year you have been guiding that you’re focused on increasing the 
attachment rates at SBIs counter. So, what is the kind of progress that you see 
out there on that particular segment?  
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, see the non-PAR, basically what Prithesh was trying to say is that there 
are products and therefore, you can’t really put a figure from outside on what 
it is, we do the exact calculations and then we arrive at the margin. So, there 
are different products, there are different tenure for example even the non-PAR 
guarantee product it would have a tenure, 10P product and there would be an 
8P product, then there would be a 9P product or a 7P product. So, every one 
of these will be having different margins. So, even a right shift in that demand 
would change the margin and really speaking. So, it’s a very big deal what 
Abhijit said very clearly there is only a shift of 2% in the overall mix towards 
ULIP, and on top of that their credit life has grown very robustly. And also if 
you look at, so that can be explained by the inter product changes in margin, 
etc it would be very difficult. We would have to sit with an Excel sheet and talk 
about how many of each of those products got sold and all that. We know that 
but I don’t think we can, we need to this on the call but the other thing is Credit 
Life like to say, yes we would like to increase the attachment rates. And we 
have increased the attachment rate from 47% to 48% in the similar period, last 
year we ended with 50% attachment rate. And this year, we would want to take 
it much higher. SBI has also taken higher targets because they feel that this is 
a very good product for their customers to protect themselves and their 
families. And in fact, the product itself is called a Smart Family Protect. So, this 
is something which we will try to increase the attachments rates. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Spark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir the EBITDA of higher base impacted the growth in second quarter. And we 
all also have a higher base problem in third quarter of FY22. So, what makes 
you to tell you confidently that the growth of 20% or 25% can be achieved for 
full year, because we have a decline in the second quarter and same is 
possible in third. Even if we grow by 20%, or in the fourth quarter still the 
guidance of 20%, 25% seems to be tough to achieve. So, if you can give a little 
more color on that thing it will be useful sir. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Yes, absolutely you got a very good question. But, what you probably have 
ignored is that there was a peculiar circumstance in the last year in which you 
had April, May being totally washed out. So, that pent up demand spilled over 
into part of it, of course everything doesn’t get fulfilled because people forget, 
people don’t buy, people don’t fulfill, but part of it gets fulfilled in the next 
quarter. So, that was the spike that I was talking about and not the normal 
spike. Normally, we have a seasonality which we take for the first quarter, the 
second quarter, the third quarter and fourth quarter. The third and fourth 
quarter generally we get the highest seasonality because the numbers, the 
demand and the sale everything happens in the third and fourth quarters, in 
fact whole of India works on the basis of a busy second half rather than the 
first half. So, the Kharif season is always less busy than the Rabi season. So, 
that is where all the money comes, that is where all the harvesting takes place, 
that is where all the things happen. And as a result of that, the money flow, the 
demand and especially the year end demand, by before the year end people 
want to do a lot of things within their budget. So, as a result, naturally during 
the last two quarters, there is always more activity and last year also having 
it’s not a question of the base, the base is only to explain the lack of, happening 
lack of growth in the second quarter. If you look at the numbers, they are very 
robust numbers in the second quarter also, only thing is when you compare it 
with a quarter of only last year, there is an issue out there where it is not 
showing a growth, but if you look at sequentially, it is a very good growth. So, 
going forward every quarter three and quarter four has been stronger than 
quarter two, always in the past for SBI Life. So, that is where our confidence 
comes.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it sir, and last quarter Q1 quarter you mentioned that income plans of non-
PAR in Platina contributed almost 30% of the total business, if you can put a 
color how much it contributes either for only for second quarter. And can I say 
when you said that the product within the product, product within the non-PAR 
design helps in margin expansion. So, is it higher contribution of income plan 
or higher spreads you made in the current quarter contributed to the margin 
expansion? 
Management: 
So, non-PAR, Prithesh go ahead. 
Prithesh Chaubey: 
So, are absolutely right that non-PAR income plan is higher margin and has 
help us to enhance the margin as well. And you see that, depending on the 
premium paying term, we have the seven, eight and 10, so 10 has higher 
margin that’s really help us, now we have other non-PAR products which is 
endowment, and if you compared to the endowment versus the income plan. 
Their income has high demand and this year, this quarter particularly Q2 while 
we see this slight decline in the non-PAR proportion overall, the proportion has 
increased more towards the Platina Plus with the income plan and that’s really 
help us to give this margin.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir what that number sir, last quarter it was 30% if you have that number 
handy? 
Management: 
So, 22 to 25 somewhere around. 
Management: 
So, if you see this quarter it is around 25%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, got it sir. And the another question which I had was sir, we started VNB 
based on the revised methodology which you applied for FY22 full year 
numbers. Can you restate that which you reported in 1H FY22 not based on 
the methodology we use in FY23, because if I use that number of H1 FY22 
what you have reported and look at EV growth it looks muted 10% so naturally 
the growth should be better than the 10 because assumptions may probably 
not appropriately in FY22 on that. So, sir if you can recheck that number would 
be very useful sir and, related to it wanted to understand how much EV got 
impacted in 1H FY23 because of MTM. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, see we have not published our AOM from a EV and since we have not 
published our AOIM work, we have not restated number publicly, we’re not 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
disclosing those numbers. End of the year for the financial year we will go and 
do that so you get a right comparison from the March and in next March 
because March number are already under new base. So, we have not done 
that so we don’t want to force those number at this point in time.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay.  
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: And same question on your MTM as well, because again this is economic 
variance coming from that. So, since we have not publicly disclosed those 
numbers, we do not want to comment on MTM, but the moment you will see 
this, our MTM losses would be similar to the sensitivity that we saw in 31st 
March not different than that. Second point is, if you look into the EV growth 
which you might be seeing as a muted, the first six months of the year EV 
growth of 10% is quite significant, because most of the business will keep 
improving in the second half. So, EV growth will be much higher every….Third 
point though we have not given the AUM, I can confirm that in operating 
variance all the aspects including the mortality, expenses, and persistency we 
have a very positive variance, we are expecting even better, because we are 
putting assumption as far as mortality is concern. And we have not diluted our 
COVID provisioning as on 31st March 2022, we still have that carry forward. 
So, by end of year we see more operating variance and you might be seeing 
more of robust ROAV. But at that point in time, we have to wait till our year end 
March 23 we will do that. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it sir. And the last one from my side, see we are seeing improvement in 
the cost ratio, we are seeing improvement in the persistency. Our VNB which 
is 31% is for first half is still based on last year cost and persistency we have 
not touched assumptions yet. Sir, even just wanted to understand that lever 
itself is still available for you to report a margin even better than what you had 
reported in 1H sir? 
Company Speaker:      See, we can expect that margin would be better in same product mix, but if you 
see the product which will be changing over the next six months. So, while 
margin will be more or less similar I do see there will be some investment 
coming from but, I don’t see any risk downside margin from the current level. 
I’m currently it is not exactly 31%, we are looking for some range of 29%, 28%, 
to 30%, 31% range. But definitely in the March sign we expect. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Yes. So, basically, this is largely conjecture because like I keep saying and 
I’ve said this till I will am also bored of saying it that we are basically selling 
products which that customer wants. And that doesn’t change, I’m not pushing 
anything down anybody’s throat because it has got higher margins. Obviously 
the margin will depend a lot on the demand that is there, but we will continue 
to give meaningful products to our customers and they will find it useful and as 
a result we will grow, we will grow our VNB, we will grow our EV. And margin, 
of course, will be a high healthy margin.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, most of my questions have been answered just, I wanted your comments 
on the new draft, regulations on commission and expensive of management. 
Our expenses of management are significantly lower than that 70% limit, I 
believe that will go to 50% to 55%. So, what I wanted to understand is, how 
can this impact us and could it lead to a scenario where our largest distribution 
partner and parent, then demands for higher commission payouts, your sort of 
thoughts. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: I cannot speak for our distribution partners. But the whole idea is that a 
business is good, as long as it is sustainable. And so long as it is, it’s like 
nobody would want to kill the golden goose. So, if you’re doing good business 
and you’re getting good results out of it, good revenue out of it, I don’t think 
you will want to kill the business by saying that you give me everything and 
leave nothing for growth. So, I don’t envisage such a situation first thing. 
Secondly, what is being attempted is, that there are a lot of companies which 
have been constrained because of these regulations. And they would like to 
have more freedom in the way they spend the expenses of management. So, 
that is where the regulator is looking at giving some higher degree of freedom, 
but I’m very, very confident that the regulator will still be looking very carefully 
at how it is being spent and how it is being managed. So, that there are no 
wrong practices coming in. So, I’m very confident that the regulator would think 
about all these things and there would be a good framework for that. Having 
said that, we have never been challenged in terms of either UM or commission 
payments so we don’t think it is going to affect us directly. But, like you were 
saying the scenario that you were thinking about, any such scenario looks like 
coming up then you see what we need to do. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Sir, while SBI may not take all of it as commission, but there can definitely be 
a scenario where there is some sort of payout increase, have there been any 
discussions, anything on that? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: This is all very conjectural, because this is very, very conjectural so, I wouldn’t 
like to comment on this, if there is something concrete that comes up then we 
will discuss this. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
I have two questions on the annuity product, so first like what is really driving 
such strong market share gain in this business, like I want to understand how 
important pricing is behind the growth of this product, like you have always said 
that ROP product the customers are not so price sensitive, and they want 
money back in return. So, how competitive this product is when it comes to 
pricing and if you can also provide some color on distribution mix in respect to 
this specific line of business? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, annuity product it is something which is very transparent in the sense 
that everybody, a person can go and search for annuity products and he will 
know what kind of returns he will get. So, if I’m able to sell a product it has to 
be competitive. So, that’s what we have, we have a very competitive product 
and we are giving value for money and that’s why it’s selling.  
Management: 
And all channels are selling, both saving and annuity products. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Yes, all channels are selling.  
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Okay. And sir how do you see the growth going further in this product as 
interest rate rises and banks are also increasing deposit rates which can go up 
sharply? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, see I don’t think there is a direct connection between deposit rates and 
these products, because these products are totally different in structure. 
Deposit you will get for three years or maximum 10 years, today you can get a 
deposit for 10 years and you can lock in a rate of interest for 10 years back. In 
their annuity product you’re getting for life. So, that flavor is totally different, in 
the deposit you get the money back and you have to deploy it again. So, there 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
are two things out here, one is liquidity that you have the money, but again you 
will have to deploy it, and there is no guarantee what rate you will get it in. So, 
if it is a Euro, if you see in the last 30 years, the rates of interest have gone 
down to zero and minus also. So, if somebody imagines that after 10 years we 
will put it in FD, and then he will put it again at a better rate or something like 
that after 10 years, he will not get interest at all, you’ll have to probably pay 
interest to do that, in the annuity product I cannot afford to do that, I have to 
give him whatever I have committed today, I have to keep paying him till 
somebody certifies that he is no longer there. So, there is a huge difference I 
don’t think that this is driven only by interest rates. It is driven by the returns 
that are generated and the guarantee. So, you are able to give a guarantee 
that 50 years down the line if you’re alive, I will give you this much amount. 
That is what is driving that business and it’s a totally different demand and 
supply thing to fix deposits or any other investment, you can compare it 
probably with a 40 year bond or something but that’s about it. 
Management: 
We do see a lot of growth in this annuity business and particularly we see 
the…. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Yes, because most of the India is not covered…. 
Management: 
It is maturing so we’ll get a lot of NPS is converted to annuity products and 
retirement is happening for the people will buy. 
Management: 
Most people don’t have any pension or protection. 
Management: 
In terms of demography, so this is on a small base, but the fastest growing 
demography in India. People above 50, 60 years age. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anshuman Deb from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ansuman Deb: 
I have two questions, one is that you mentioned you had a tie up with India 
Post Payment Bank, and so has been the case for another leading private life 
insurers. I just wanted to understand the competitive intensity around, the tier 
two distribution or tier two kind of a places, has it increased. And, how 
comfortable is SBI sharing an open architecture with a leading private life 
insurer that is a question number one. And the question number two is, our 
sensitivity have increased, sensitivity interest rates so in terms of strategy do 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
we have a strategy to kind of lower it down, or by changing the what you 
mentioned about products being decided by the consumer, but changing the 
product mix or changing other things to keep a control on the sensitivity to 
interest rates. These are the two questions. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: So, see when you’re talking about open architecture and with private insurer 
you’re already in that kind of a situation with some of the banks. So, we are 
already in competition with other insurers in three public sector banks and two 
private sector banks, apart from this IPBP relationship that we have just 
started. So, there is no question about that we are the leading insurer in all 
these relationships, so we have the leading share in all these relationships so 
I don’t think we are bothered with open architecture, per se. We got a very 
strong brand name, we have got very strong products, and they’ve got very 
good servicing and we have got a very good Company. So, I don’t think we are 
bothered about that too much and of course we will keep pace with whatever 
developments are there.  
So, coming to India Post Payment Bank Limited, basically the idea is that these 
are, this would expand our reach into the hinterland, into the deep rural areas, 
into the unbanked areas or underserved areas. So, State Bank is one such 
medium. So, we have about 23,000 branches then we have about 9000 
branches of RRBs and so, this is another attempt on our site to cover all those 
black dark spots that we would like to think, where we don’t have our complete 
presence in rural semi urban areas. And this would help us to do that and also 
in the urban areas also, then we could probably expand this whole thing. The 
idea is that there are more than 600 branches of 635 plus branches of IPBP, 
which are then connected to all the post offices. So, we are trying to have a 
model which we can then scale up and this is not going to happen overnight, 
we’ll work on it. But we think it’s a very exciting opportunity. And for a country 
like ours, we have two purposes out here one is of course, to grow the 
Company and to make a sustainable profits and all that, increase the customer 
base but very importantly to develop insurance in India, we would like to be 
known as a Company that actually grew insurance in India. So, that is 
something which we will take a lot of pride in. If we are able to achieve this 
objective of giving more and more Indians insurance cover. 
Management: 
And sensitivity is just to aid that we explained earlier as well. This is a shift on 
account of the base effect. And particularly the shift in the is not parallel shift 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
because it has gone up on sizable. And something happened on account FRA 
of writing guarantee product. Having said that, we should not be worried about 
the sensitivity by interest rate because this investment that we are making, we 
are making by held to maturity and in case interest will go subsequently, we 
will able to make more money on the side as far as the EV growth is concerned. 
So, there is no strategy that we are going to change in the performance, 
visually we will be able to manage that.  
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: But you have said it yourself very clearly, that the consumer is at the center 
and therefore there is no attempt to fix the whole product mix what we would 
probably do is we’ll try to introduce more products, which will find a better 
acceptability with the customer to try to influence their buying decision, but not 
the other way around trying to push our existing product where they are not 
suitable. So, firstly we find what is suitable for the customer, what he needs 
and then we’ll give it to him. And if his needs are slightly different than we will 
develop a product and give it to him. 
Ansuman Deb: 
I was just coming from the perspective that you also said right, for example in 
the first half. If I were to calculate the economic variance, you said you can use 
the sensitivity to calculate it. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Yes, absolutely. 
Ansuman Deb: 
So, what I’m trying to say is that let’s say I am projecting a two-year EV and 
I’m assuming or let’s say the hypothetical year 200 basis point increase in 
interest rates, then your sensitivity is the highest. So, I’m trying to say that on 
that perspective as a business strategy we truly have a benchmark sensitivity 
that it should not go above that or something like that. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: But basically the sensitivity is a concern so basically you use it to free what 
is likely, what could likely happen in the unlikeliest case, like for example the 
sensitivity is done on say plus 2%, minus 2% and all that. And that is not 
something which we are anticipating to happen in the next say one year or so. 
But if it does happen, what happens so the 4% sensitivity out there is three 
gauge maybe, higher than 2%. But it is still not something which will affect the 
Company negatively in the long run. 
Management: 
See, there’s are two point we’d like to mention here. One is that our sensitivity 
when 4% is similar to our other peers as well as the market. So, not very high 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
October 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
sensitivity. Second point we need to look into that, if you look into our public 
disclosure in the past, we have successfully able to reduce our sensitivity vis-
à-vis in last four to five year. This as we mentioned earlier, is the sensitivity at 
this point of moment and that also reflects some of the movement in the yield 
curve and how the same yield curve had changed. When anyone has to look 
into the longer term, you can look into March or even give a longer period. I am 
not going to change this strategy because six month we have not seen a lot of 
things in fact some impact coming from the FRA. But if you see other side 
because non-PAR saving were writing, we’re getting priority valuer. So, this 
sensitivity is in our mind while framing our strategy in the product mix and other 
though our first preference is to customer. At the same time, we always adopt 
a long-term view in each and every places that we mentioned. And hence we 
are not to worry about the start or movement in the case of sensitivity and 
interest rate and that’s the reason I mentioned that we should not be more 
worried about this recent particularly for the interest rate of scenario because 
we are writing the product annuity with longer term and able to lock in this thing, 
able to cope even the un-hedged book, we are able to reinvest our coupons 
on a higher yield, ultimately it is going to help us in the economic positive 
variance in future. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma for closing 
comments. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Thank you very much everyone. For all the questions, the questions that we 
get in the conference always keep us on our toes and it gives us an opportunity 
to understand our Company even better than we ourselves could. So, thank 
you very much once again, wish you all a very Happy Diwali and hope that 
going forward we all keep ourselves insured and safe. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of SBI Life Insurance Company that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
