  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
Corporate Office: 
  
Registered Office: 
  
CIN 
: L65991DL1990PLC041796 
Plot No 492, Udyog Vihar, 
  
5th Floor, Kundan Bhawan 
  
Landline No 
: 0124-4715400 
Phase-III, Gurugram, Haryana- 
  
Azadpur Commercial Complex, 
E-Mail ID 
: info@satincreditcare.com 
122016, India 
  
Azadpur, Delhi - 110033, India 
Website 
: www.satincreditcare.com 
 
November 3, 2022 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai-400051 
 
Symbol: SATIN 
 
   The Manager,   
   BSE Limited, 
   25th Floor, P. J. Towers, 
   Dalal Street,  
   Mumbai-400001 
 
   Scrip Code: 539404 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call on Financial Results & Future Outlook of Satin 
Creditcare Network Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation dated October 26, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find 
enclosed Transcript of Q2 and H1FY23 Results Earnings call of the Company held on Friday, 
October 28, 2022.  
 
The link to access Transcript of Earning calls is https://satincreditcare.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/SCNL_Earnings-Call-Transcript-for-the-quarter-ended-30Sep22.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Vikas Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
VIKAS 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by VIKAS GUPTA 
Date: 2022.11.03 
11:39:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. HP Singh – Chairman cum Managing Director 
Mr. Jugal Kataria – Group Controller 
 
Ms. Aditi Singh – Head Strategy 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Satin Creditcare Network Limited Q2 and H1 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ line will be in the listen only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
and then zero on a touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
hand the conference over to Mr. HP Singh, Chairman cum Managing Director of Satin 
Creditcare Network Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
HP Singh: 
Thank you so much. Good evening, everyone. Thank you all for taking the time to join us and 
discuss our financial results for Q2 and H1 FY '23. I hope you and your family had a great time 
during the Diwali festivities. I'm hoping that you could get a chance to go through our quarterly 
results and investor presentation. Those who have not seen them yet can access the same via our 
website and stock exchange. 
During the first half of FY '23, we are delighted to share with you all that we have addressed all 
the asset quality concerns, which emanated due to COVID-19 pandemic and the high 
inflationary environment. This was possible because of the resilience of the people we serve as 
well as the dedication and innovation of our team, supported by a bounce back in economic 
activity. 
The restructured book has reduced from INR 1,151 crores as on September 21 to INR 318 crores 
as on September 22. In percentage terms, reduced from 21.4% to 6.4% of on-book portfolio as 
on September 22. The reduction in restructured book is a result of INR 495 crores of collections 
and INR 338 crores of write-off done from this book. As on September 22, 62% of the book 
amounting to INR 197 crores out of the INR 318 crores is zero DPD, 22% is in 1 to 90 bucket, 
which is INR 70 crores, and the balance, 16%, is PAR 90 i.e. INR 51 crores. The company has 
created provisions amounting to INR 76 crores on this portfolio. We do not expect any further 
stress in this portfolio. 
The on-book GNPA of the company stood at INR 198 crores, that is 3.96% of on-book portfolio, 
down from 8.71% as on September '21. Assam constitutes 70% of on-book GNPA, and 
excluding Assam GNPA as on September 22, the GNPA stood at 1.2%. The successful 
completion of disbursement to category one and category two borrowers under AMFIRS. We 
believe that the relief to category three borrowers will come in as per MOU signed. In fact, the 
government has released relief under Category two yesterday.  
To give you some more sense on the asset quality of new disbursement PAR-90 addition of 
portfolio originated from loans disbursed from July ‘21 onwards is just a mere 0.2%, 
representing 84% of on-book MFI-AUM as on September ‘22. The company has maintained 
sufficient on-book provisions amounting to INR 148 crores as on September ‘22, which is 3% 
of on-book AUM.  
The company has written off loans amounting to INR 209 crores during Q2 FY '23, totaling to 
INR 483 crores during H1 FY '23. The write-offs done during Q2 FY '23 were primarily from 
the provision, hence no hit to the P&L. Further during H1 FY '23, we have collected INR 16 
crores from written-off loans. 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
On the operations front, we are experiencing an uptick in our disbursement. For the period under 
review, our disbursement was at INR 1,709 crores on a consolidated basis, up by 30% from INR 
1,315 crores in Q2 FY '22. With disbursement back on track, we expect growth to come in the 
coming quarters.  
The company has started acquiring new clients and as a result, 37% of standalone disbursement 
in Q2 FY '23 was to the first cycle clients. Gradual pickup in the disbursement led to 3% growth 
in consolidated AUM, which now stands at INR 7,575 crores. The standalone AUM stood at 
INR 6,417 crores, it grew by 2% on a year-on-year basis. This growth is despite a write-off INR 
483 crores done in H1 FY '23. 
Pre write-off growth stood at 9% on a year-on-year basis for stand-alone AUM. As of 30th 
September 2022, the company has a CRAR of 24.1%, up from 22.6% as of 30 June 2022. During 
the quarter under review, the promoters infused INR 25 crores against conversion of warrants. 
Till date, the company has received INR 100 crores out of INR 225 crores of preferential 
allotment, via issue of equity shares and fully convertible warrants.  
The company continues to maintain a healthy balance sheet liquidity INR 700 crores of surplus 
funds and has undrawn sanctions worth INR 445 crores. Out of the undrawn sanction, the 
company received INR 140 crores on 3rd October 2022.  
We have constantly evolved over the years by putting a significant emphasis on customer-centric 
technology. The driving force behind this is to bring technological solutions that enable seamless 
experiences as well as to work at the grassroot level to empower our clients. With this intent, the 
organization have moved towards a more robust, scalable, secure and completely paperless 
technological journey with the advent of AWS and e-KYC into the system. 
The microfinance industry stands for financial inclusion while also contributing to impact on 
sustainability, which is the basis of all on growth and the economic development of any society. 
Our work is a reflection of our commitment to this first principle thinking. We put all our 
energies towards creating social impact by way of serving the unreached population and 
contributing to social development goals or SDGs 1, 5, 8 and 10 as the core of our business. We 
over the years came across as one of the largest NBFC MFIs in terms of numbers of customers 
and our presence across India. 
As a progressive institution, we have always employed innovative approaches to secure the 
interest of all our key stakeholders. It makes us happy to share that our CSR initiative contributed 
to women empowerment while promoting education and equal opportunities. We also tried to 
support the community during this test times. We are committed to ESG as a guiding principle.  
We believe our conviction, passionate workforce, experience, board and healthy asset quality 
will help us achieve sustained growth and ensure the overall development of all our stakeholders. 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Going forward, the solid ground in business, we anticipate strong growth momentum in terms 
of disbursement collection and steady area of progress quarter-on-quarter. 
Now let me run you through the financial and operational highlights of our company. 
Starting with consolidated operational highlights, 
 
Our AUM as on 30th September 2022 stood at Rs. 7,575 crore 
 
We have a customer base of 26.8 lacs as of 30th September 2022 
 
Our disbursement for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,709 crore as compared to Rs. 1,315 
crore in Q2FY22. Our Assigned Portfolio stood at Rs. 1,413 crore 
 
As of 30th September 2022, 100% of our disbursement is made through cashless mode 
while cashless collection stood at 5%. We have also adopted website payment options 
and UPI auto-debit.  
Standalone operational highlights,  
 
Our standalone disbursement for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,564 crore as compared to 
Rs. 1,103 crore. With gradual pick in the disbursement, we expect growth in the 
coming quarters 
 
Our Average Ticket Size of MFI Lending for the quarter stood at Rs. 43,000  
 
Talking about our collection efficiency. Our collection efficiency trends are as 
follows: 
o 
Q1FY23 – 97% 
o 
Q2FY23 – 100% 
o 
The collection efficiency of Q1FY23 and Q2FY23 is excluding restructured 
portfolio.  
o 
The Collection efficiency on Restructured portfolio for H1FY23 stood at 
77.6%.  
 
We have a well-diversified customer base, a well-penetrated branch network across 
states, and 76% rural exposure.  
 
On-book GNPA reduced from 8.71% as on Q2FY22 to 3.96% as on Q2FY23 (Rs. 468 
crore to Rs. 198 crore); out of this, Rs. 137 crore pertains to Assam 
 
Our restructured book stands at Rs. 318 crore which is approx. 6.4% of the on-book 
AUM 
GEOGRAPHIC EXPANSION 
 
As of 30th September 2022, our total branch network count stood at 1,237 branches 
which is spread across 397 districts.  
 
We have a total State and UTs count of 23, which makes us a well-diversified PAN 
India Micro-Finance player. 
 
As of 30th September 2022, 96.5% of our districts have less than 1% of portfolio 
exposure  
 
We have seen a significant reduction in our portfolio risk in terms of exposure to the 
Top 4 states, which contributes 54% in Q2FY23 vs 77.3% in FY17. 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
Our well-thought-out diversification strategy has enabled us to sail through difficult 
situations and capitalize on our idea of enriching our clients’ lives through financing 
of various products. We have disbursed around Rs. 23 crore during H1FY23 under the 
product finance category, which includes loans for bicycles, solar products, home 
appliances, consumer durables, and water and sanitation. 
UPDATE ON SUBSIDIARIES 
 
Business Correspondent services under Taraashna Financial Services Limited has an 
AUM of Rs. 612 crore. As of 30th September 2022, the Company operates through 
157 branches and has more than 3.3 lakh active loan clients. 
 
Satin Finserv Ltd, our MSME arm has an AUM of Rs. 184 crore with three consecutive 
profitable years. CRAR of 58.8% and gearing of 0.8x. Total networth stands at Rs. 
111 crore 
 
Satin Housing Finance Ltd has now reached an AUM of Rs. 362 crore including DA 
of Rs. 24 crore, having a presence across 4 states with 4,291 customers.  
o 
SHFL has a 100% retail book comprising: 64% affordable housing loans 
and 36% of LAP 
o 
The Company has 17 active lenders including NHB refinance 
o 
CRAR of 59.5% and gearing of 2.0x. Total networth stands at Rs. 122 crore 
o 
The quality of portfolio remains intact with GNPA of 0.4% as on Sep’22 
 
To update you on amalgamation of the two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Taraashna 
Financial Services Limited and Satin Finserv Limited, the order against the first 
motion application was pronounced on hearing dated May 17, 2022 by Hon’ble 
NCLT. Further, both the companies have filed joint second motion application with 
Hon’ble NCLT on May 25, 2022. The said joint second motion application was 
admitted by Hon’ble NCLT in its hearing dated July 08, 2022 and issued necessary 
directions of serving notices and newspapers advertisements. The Company has 
served the notices to government authorities and completed publication in requisite 
newspaper as per order. The next hearing is on November 25, 2022. 
Lastly, with the worst behind us, we are poised to embark on the path of growth and profitability. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Anyone who has a question 
may enter star and one. Ladies and gentlemen, will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. Any participants who wishes to ask a question may press star and one. 
 
The first question is from the line of Himanshu Taluja from Aditya Birla Sun Life Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Himanshu Taluja: 
So just a couple of questions at my end and congrats for the quarter. Firstly, out of the total 
restructured pool of INR 318 crores, which you have, where you have mentioned in the 
presentation that around INR 197 crores is out of the DPD is in the zero DPD category. What is 
your expectations of the remaining pool of around INR 120 crores, how much you expect this 
to slip or convert into an NPA? 
HP Singh: 
See, Himanshu this is seen technically about -- if you look at it about six months of repayments, 
which is about 12 installments, which has come in, that is the reason why the zero-DPD 
technically will not slip. That is what our understanding is that INR 197 crores will remain over 
there. PAR 1 to 90 is close to about INR 69 crores -- our own sense is as per the ECL formula, 
which we do technically about 30% to 40% just slips from there, basically. So if we even look 
at that happening across over there, which we feel is also probably a high number. We have, 
what, let's say, about 30-odd percent, which is about INR 18 crores to INR 20 crores, which you 
move from there. On the PAR-90 plus, we again have where about 45% to 50% is recovered in 
terms of our collection efficiency. That's what the numbers have indicated for the last four to 
five years. 
So our sense is that we still have this maybe about INR 20 crores to INR 25-odd crores, which 
will probably be there in the PAR-90 book across over there. And we have provisions worth 
INR 76 crores for both these categories. So our sense is we are, in fact, overprovided in terms of 
the restructured book, which stands right now.  
Himanshu Taluja: 
Now sir, given most of the restructured book are now I think it comes to an end and most of the 
asset quality pain over with our collection efficiencies also now back to the pre pandemic -- so 
what sort of credit cost that you expect basically now incrementally on a steady-state basis for 
the business now? And how do you expect this FY the remaining second half to pan out?  
HP Singh: 
See, whatever pain we had, we've taken to a large extent. So what we don't expect any further 
cost, credit cost to probably come in, in this year as such. Our own sense is, if you look at the 
dynamics of the new portfolio which we are making from July '21 till date, our PAR-90 is just 
0.2%. So even if I extrapolate that into maybe double, triple or whatever you call it, the credit 
cost in the further years, my sense is close to about 1%, 1.25%. That is where it is you know and 
that's what my guess is looking at the portfolio quality, which is happening now post the 
pandemic the way we have disbursed. So our sense is just to be on a very conservative side, it 
has to be around 1.25% to about 1.50%, which again, if you really ask me personally on a one-
to-one basis, I will not adhere to that because our whole thought process is to bring these NPA 
numbers down to the levels where which is there, and in fact, if you look at the numbers which 
are there at 0.2%, probably states that , which is there of the new portfolio, which is being now 
made. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
And what's your loan growth, how you are seeing the loan growth now? Given the second half 
to be better for the MFI business, what’s the loan growth that you expect to end the year with? 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
HP Singh: 
See, normally, what happens is most of the disbursement technically happened during the H2 of 
every year. So our sense is and whatever write-offs we had to do so what we've written is that 
we had a pre write-off growth of about 9%. Our sense is if now the write-offs have taken place 
to a large extent, we don't have any further write-offs which we feel would probably come in. I 
think we still stand by about 10% to 15% growth, which is going to be there for sure, of the rest 
of the year remaining the similar.  
Moderator: 
Before we take our next question. We'd like to remind participants to ask a question you may 
enter star and one. The next question is from the line of Retesh Vatrana an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Retesh Vatrana:  
I have a question with regard to optimization of the equity in the company. So for example, if I 
see the equity statement for the standalone financial statements, it's higher as compared to 
consolidated financial statements. So what I understand is because the company has done the 
fair valuation of the subsidiaries. As a result, the profit is coming from a forward perspective 
also. While the console within the historical perspective, and then when I see further the 
additional investment done in the housing finance company, it was at premium of 198%. So like 
what are the steps you eventually want to take across. So basically because the market is 
discounting the share price as compared to the book value. While when you see that additional 
investors being done putting on the housing finance company, it's a premium to the par value. 
So what are the steps being taken by the management to take care of this?  
HP Singh: 
So I think Retesh, our sense is, I think if you look at the history of our four years of the housing 
book, technically, whatever premium which has been fair valued by SEBI-1 category registered 
valuer, probably looks at what an investment would do in terms of even if you go to the other 
method of not having an opportunity cost to it or the opportunity income to it, that is only the 
fair value which we've practically been taken across over there. And for a young organization, 
which has got so much of capital and a 0.4% GNPA, I don't think so the fair valuation probably 
has somewhere, which can be discounted by the investors in terms of the share price.  
In fact, my view is completely the opposite. I think for people to really understand the value of 
what the subsidiaries are creating I think just looking at the share price or maybe by looking at 
other factors, it probably does not give you the right sense. But our sense is the way we've 
invested into these two subsidiary of ours and the way they are shaping up in terms of both 
portfolio quality, as well as disbursement, as well as the category which they serve in. My sense 
is, I think that monetization will happen at some point of time, and it's only for, I think, real 
values to really understand the values of both the subsidiaries put across together. That's my 
limited answer to this. 
Retesh Vatrana: 
Yes. So Mr. Chairperson, going forward on this. So for example, what are the steps you think 
can be taken from the directors and management perspective to basically upscale the 
interpretation of the stakeholders and the valuation of the company. For example, do you 
contemplate to come across with a bonus issue or something different in that respect, so because 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
if I see, the paid up share capital is very less as compared to total equity side of the company, 
given the standalone financial statements. So are there pipelines, any thoughts on that, on bonus? 
Secondly, are there thoughts with regard to the dividend distribution policy because there is no 
dividend distributed by the company for quite a long time? So what are your thoughts on those 
periods?  
HP Singh: 
Retesh, my sense is I think you have to do your homework a little bit more in terms of 
understanding how an MFI operates and how the subsidiaries are related to the MFI operation. 
Technically, I haven't seen any MFI technically giving out a dividend or somebody giving out a 
bonus. So I think these are theoretical questions, which we are talking about. Our own sense is 
what do you have to understand, and I think for I think for the overall thought process, which is 
there, I think it's the business which we focus upon. 
The way we are focusing on the business post the pandemic, I think that's one statement which 
we've given out across which says that our July '21 disbursements has a portfolio quality of 0.2% 
of GNPA. I think that's a very big statement which we made. In terms of our GNPA, which is 
there, post the pandemic, we've taken care of all the write-offs which have happened, all the pain 
which has happened, and today, if I exclude Assam, Assam is a separate category of thing which 
is happening across with the MoU being signed with the Assam government. We have no qualms 
that we will not get the money back from the Assam government, which will come in the 
category 1 and category 2 has already come in.  
My sense is if you look at the GNPA post the pandemic, after all write-offs and everything which 
has happened, it's just 1.2%. I think it's probably one of the best in the entire industry. That is 
what we want to focus upon. I think for us, I think bonus shares, dividend, I think is the results 
speaks for themselves and the quarter speak for themselves and the business volumes speak for 
themselves. I think that's a sufficient ground for us to look at how this probably has to be looked 
at. 
Retesh Vatrana: 
I have one follow-up question on this. So with regard to the digital wallets being introduced by 
RBI, so is the company planning to do something on that front also?  
HP Singh: 
See, technically, we are technologically very sound in terms of creating our own wallet, our own 
websites as well as our own mechanism of actually doing transactions through cashless 
collection mode as well as the cashless disbursement, which you are doing. I haven't had too 
much of look into what the RBI wallet is all about. 
But if it is significant for us to probably encompass into our own technology level, I think we 
have all the expertise in our technology level to probably look at it. But I clearly to be very 
honest, I don't have an idea too much about what the RBI wallet is all about because we have 
our own customer service app. We have our own app. We have UPI 2.0; we have various other 
mechanisms in which we can actually make a digital payment for our borrowers for collections, 
etcetera. 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take a next question from the line of Raunak Singhvi, a retail investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Raunak Singhvi: 
Yes. Sir, my first question is basically on the Assam portfolio on this INR 137 crores of GNPA. 
You mentioned that and also in the presentation, the category 1 and category 2 release has been 
given by the government. So this INR 137 crores, out of which, how much we are expecting in 
category 2, as you mentioned, it has been released yesterday? And is the balance we'll recover 
everything in category 3 or do we have eventually any write-offs in this INR 137 crores? 
HP Singh: 
I think some numbers I think Jugal will probably be able to give you. But just to give you an 
insight. So category 2 is the overdue amounts based on a certain cutoff date in which the 
government paid, it's not much in terms of, I think, I don't have the exact figure, but it's a very 
less amount technically, which has been released by the government. The underlying position is 
that since there are three categories, the more I think volume is in the category 3 borrowers in 
which all the overdue, I think amounts will be repaid by the state government to us basically. So 
that is the main one. 
But the fact of the matter is that once the category 1 and category 2 have been released in 
probably a good time. I think category 3 is also there. I think we're getting dealers of giving our 
data to the state government now. So I think that work is also starting now which indicates that 
we'll probably be there.  
Jugal Kataria: 
So just to give you an overall sense, as per the original MOU signed the cutoff date was March 
21, which after due-discussion and the time lapse has that changed now to July of '22. So a lot 
of borrowers have moved from category 1 and category 2 to category 3. So most of the relief 
now is expected in the category 3, and then based on our best estimate, we have already provided 
for a large part of INR 137 crores, so we do not anticipate any further hit coming and coming 
from a client. So we have provided for almost INR 70-odd crores on the sand portfolio and are 
best estimate is that the relief in category 3 will be much more than the unprovided portion out 
of this INR 137 crores.  
Raunak Singhvi: 
Sure. So out of this INR 137 crores, how much is from the policy perspective, how much is 
recoverable if everything goes well, that will give us a sense of the whether there is an over 
provisioning or there is a cushion in there? 
HP Singh: 
So I can probably say that. So our sense is that out of that INR 137 crores, we are expecting 
close to 75% to 80%. 80% is what our belief is that we'll get back from the state government. 
And that's the reason why we are on a conservative basis, we've taken a 50% provision on to 
that. So we are hoping at least whatever we get from the Assam government, it would be close 
to about 75% to 80%. So that's the reason why we provided about 50% of that. So in any case, 
we are overly provided also in terms of what we get back from the government.  
Raunak Singhvi:  
And we are expecting this in the best case scenario by end of the financial year? 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
HP Singh: 
 
Yes. I really hope so.  
Raunak Singhvi: 
So one question on, so you -- the promoters have converted the warrants and paid up their share. 
So there was also a venture capital investor in Florintree, which had also subscribed to the 
warrants, so when is the management planning to call that money because the debt equity ratio 
is relatively higher compared to the peers in the industry. So that capital will just help you propel 
the next level of growth. So if you can indicate any time line, it will be helpful? 
Jugal Kataria: 
Both promoters and the investor has time till July of next year. So it's not our call, it's basically 
the call of either the promoter who are the subscriber to warrants or the investor, it is their choice 
when they want to get it converted, and the lock-in will start from the time we allot them and 
those shares we get the permission to trade them. First, it’s the investor’s call when they want to 
put in the balance money, but it’s actually they have time until next July.  
HP Singh: 
And the other thing, I think what is where we technically have a capital adequacy of about 24%. 
I think we are in no hurry probably to look at the month, the growth starts hitting it, think if it 
can be done, then both of us are probably ready enough to bring in the required desired capital 
for growth.  
Raunak Singhvi: 
So one more question on this, the write-offs there, as you have mentioned that there have been 
recoveries of INR 16 crores in this quarter. So what are we expecting from a future write-off 
recoveries perspective, do we expect a similar run rate because you have written a huge amount 
over the last few quarters. So are we expecting a similar run rate, or do we expect better 
recoveries, or do we expect the recoveries to be much leaner from the write-off book?  
HP Singh: 
So don't ask me this, if it's a one-to-one question, I can probably give you a much optimistic 
figure. But since I think I've got a thought process to it. Let's keep it conservative. That will be 
the practically be the same amount, which probably will come in. But our endeavor is always to 
bring in much more what we can do and god willing, I think we probably will be successful in 
doing that level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, my first question is, why was our loan book flat quarter-on-quarter? And when can we start 
seeing the growth here, maybe from Q2, would it be fair to assume?  
HP Singh: 
I think for us, I think the pain is over. I think we were more focus towards that rather than looking 
at disbursing and probably the first two quarters are always kind of easy on the in terms of our 
disbursement. But yes, I think the last two quarters will be pretty good. So we're looking at 
growth from there on. And we don't have any further stress which is left in our books. So I think 
we'll probably now focus on disbursement going forward. 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Also, sir, the interest expense has actually dipped this quarter, while your interest income has 
increased. So could you please throw some light here? 
Jugal Kataria: 
So one that we have done some direct assignment transaction where the net income goes to the 
topline. But just to give you an overall perspective, because of the risk-based pricing, etcetera, 
blended yield is expected to slowly go up. We have already started seeing some upside in our 
interest revenue we feel that on a slightly stable basis, this will go up by at least 1.5% or so over 
a period of time. On the cost of funding side, from last year fourth quarter to this first half, the 
cost of fund has gone up by 60 bps, 70 bps. So net-net will be benefited with the re-pricing and 
NIM will improve over a period of time. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
And I think management gave a guidance of around 1.25% to 1.5% credit cost. So is it for H2 
on an annualized basis?  
HP Singh: 
See, guidance maybe, I just said it that look at the numbers, and that is what I said, if you 
extrapolate it, that is what I said. 
Aditi Singh: 
 
That’s after the write-off. 
HP Singh: 
But after the write-off, but our sense is that I think it was just repeating it again, we look forward 
that we'll be able to manage our current book, which is now 84% of our portfolio. I think we're 
working towards asset quality to a large extent, I think we will maintain that. And hopefully, the 
credit cost will be within the range, what we mentioned.  
Rishikesh Oza: 
 
And sir, could you please indicate what levels of cost-to-income ratio are you looking ahead?  
HP Singh: 
See, I think till the time we are looking at maybe extra manpower to look at write-backs and 
other various things from where we can get bottom line significance in terms of numbers through 
these write-backs. I think it'll be slightly elevated, but we've brought it down, I think, our own 
sense is that once the AUM denominator starts increasing, I think on OpEx in terms of 
percentages will also start decreasing from there. Cost to income will also probably have a 
receive because of the increase now our pricing, which is there. I think we'll probably have some 
favorable impact on that also. My sense is whatever the cost-to-income ratios are now that will 
start dipping down from the quarters now ahead.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the floor back to Ms. 
Aditi Singh, Head-Strategy for closing comments. Over to you. 
Aditi Singh: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for coming on this call, taking out time on a Friday 
evening. I thank each one of you, and I hope we have addressed all your queries through our 
presentation, through the speech and the question answer that followed. In case there is some 
other information or clarification you wish to seek, you may reach out to me. My name is Aditi 
Singh. I, Head-Strategy for Satin. You can also reach out to my colleague, Ms. Shweta Bansal, 

 
 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
DGM, Investor Relations. Our details are there on the website. So that said, for today, stay 
healthy, stay safe and bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Satin Creditcare Network Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
