 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 28, 2022 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Hi, Ladies and Gentlemen. Good Day, and Welcome to Sona Comstar 
Q2FY23 Earnings Conference call. Please note all participant lines are now 
in the listening mode only as of now and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this call 
is being recorded and we request you to place your lines on mute except 
when you are asking a question. 
 
Slide 2: 
 
Here is a disclaimer for the call.  
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today’s conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details.  
 
The management will also not be taking any specific customer-related 
questions or confirm or deny any customer names or relationships due to 
confidentiality reasons, so please refrain from naming any customers in your 
questions.  
 
Now I will hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Nomura Head of Consumer 
and Digital Commerce Research India and Lead Auto Analyst. Kapil please 
go ahead. Thank you. 
Kapil Singh: 
Slide 3: 
 
Thank you, Gigi. Good Day everyone and wish everyone a very Happy 
Diwali! To take us through the Q2FY23 results and to answer your questions 
with us, we have the management team from Sona Comstar led by Mr. Vivek 
Vikram Singh (MD and Group CEO), Mr Kiran Deshmukh (Group CTO), Mr. Sat 
Mohan Gupta (CEO of the Motor Business), Mr. Vikram Verma (CEO of the 
Driveline Business), Rohit Nanda (Group CFO), Mr. Amit Mishra (Head, 
Investor Relations) and Mr. Pratik Sachan (DGM, Corporate Strategy and 
Investor Relations). 
 
I will hand over the call to Vivek for his opening remarks, followed by the 
presentation. Over to you Vivek. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil. And I hope everyone had a great Diwali. I have a slight, I 
actually got the flu a couple of days ago so I am not that well and my throat 
is a little strained so do not please misunderstand it for a lack of enthusiasm 
or optimism. Anyway, on behalf of Sona Comstar, I would like to welcome all 
of you to the earnings call of what has been our best quarter ever across all 
the financial metrics of revenue, EBITDA and net profit.  
 
While we are understandably proud of that achievement, we believe that 
when talking to shareholders, bad news should take the elevator. So as we 
always do, we will begin with the negatives. First, one of our major erstwhile 
markets, Europe continues to remain under pressure from the demand 
perspective. On the cost side, like we predicted last quarter, raw material 
prices have started cooling but not by much, so pressure on margins from 
the input side is not completely alleviated. Additionally, there was a large 
one-time inventory correction at one of our major EV customers early on in 
the quarter. So while sales have resumed at the normal run rate, this has 
made our Q2 EV revenue percentage share lower than it would have been 
otherwise. There is also, and we do get questions around this a lot, a lot of 
macroeconomic uncertainty about the world in general. And instead of 
adding our voice to an already crowded field of opinions, I guess we just like 
to tell our shareholders that look, we built a solid resilient and diversified low 
fixed-cost business model and this is obviously good in good times but on a 
relative basis, we are quite brilliant in bad times. I mean you just have to look 
at our history. We have built a business which does relatively outperform in 
harder times and I mean just look at this quarter. EV sales were lower than 
the last quarter, so lower sequentially; differential assembly sales were lower, 
sequentially; Europe, which is one of our higher margin markets was much 
lower, continues to be weak; and yet we have delivered sequential as well 
as year on year growth in revenue, EBITDA and net profit. And not only that, 
we have also managed to improve our margin sequentially. So I think that is 
the thought I want to leave you with and not ask us too much about 
macroeconomic outcomes and forecasts because, to be honest, a lot of 
you listening in know more than we do about those things. All we can assure 
you of is how strong our business is.  
 
With that, we move on to the good news part and there was quite a bit of 
that this quarter. We have added one new EV Program which is perhaps not 
so important because of its size, but it is fairly important directionally because 
ever since our IPO we have got a lot of questions on this trend of how much 
is in the OEM and how much is going to be outsourced. And I talk about this 
later. We have also added a new product to our portfolio, spiral bevel gears. 
It has taken us many years, I would say more than a decade. This project has 
been going on from before my time. Many years of engineering effort to get 
this product made through the forging route and because it opens a new 
market and a new revenue stream for us, it is an extremely, extremely 
gratifying outcome for Vikram, Mr. Deshmukh, and the entire driveline team. 
We have also updated our product roadmap. We have an annual strategy 
exercise every August and we have added some new and exciting future 
products that we intend to introduce in the next few years, and Mr. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
Deshmukh will talk more about these later. As a company, we talk even in 
our board, even in our executive board, even in internal meetings, 90% of 
the time on technology. So I hope some of that reflects when we talk to our 
shareholders as well. Another good news, a lot of the programs that we 
launched last year and we won last year kind of started coming into 
production from this quarter which has contributed to revenue growth and 
will continue to contribute to the growth in the next couple of quarters. Lastly, 
the domestic auto market has been growing significantly year on year and 
that obviously, because we are dominant in our presence in differential 
gears in India, has added a tailwind to our numbers.  
 
Slide 4:  
 
Right, so to the numbers. Sequentially, we have had a double-digit growth 
across all the three metrics. However, what we will talk about on this slide are 
year on year basis, we have seen a robust revenue growth of 12% while 
EBITDA and net profit have risen by 7% and 5% respectively. BEV revenue in 
absolute terms grew by 6%, while the BEV revenue share was 21% due to the 
one-time inventory correction that I spoke about that happened in the last 
quarter. If we were to leave those few weeks of zero schedules out, the 
revenue share would have been much higher than this.  
 
Also, quite importantly, our EBITDA and PAT margins have returned to our 
normal range of 25 to 27% and 14 to 16% respectively, after two quarters of 
unusual margin pressure. This is an encouraging sign for us and I hope input 
prices continue to cool in the quarters to come.  
 
Slide 5: 
 
Coming to H1 I am proud to report that we managed to increase our 
revenue, EBITDA and PAT margin by 15%, 5% and 5% respectively over what 
was a pretty strong H1 in FY22. And this is despite unprecedented inflation 
and both supply-side as well as demand-side disruptions in almost all of our 
key markets.  
 
Slide 8: 
 
Now coming to our strategic priorities; so first, electrification. BEV revenue 
share was 21% in H1 FY22. This has increased to 25%. In absolute revenue 
terms at 294 crores almost, the BEV revenue has grown by 33%. We continue 
to build on our EV order book. In Q1. We have added one new EV Program 
which is from an existing customer but this is for differential assembly.  
 
Slide 9:  
 
So with this addition, we now have 37 EV programs across 23 different 
customers. The program which we won, like I said, is to an existing customer 
in India where we have been supplying differential gears for their ICE as well 
as EV variants for years. But we are now moving up to supplying differential 
assemblies for their next generation of born electric vehicles. And this is quite 
an important win as a trend because, like I said, I have often got this 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
question. So this is now the second customer and hopefully there will be a 
third in time to come where we have moved from being differential gear 
suppliers to differential assembly suppliers, which indicates that when it 
comes to the electric vehicle transmission, there is higher outsourcing than 
used to be earlier. Obviously, in commercial terms, it means our value per 
vehicle goes up by anywhere around 3 to 6 times depending on whether 
there is a final drive gear attached or not. And lastly, also, I should mention 
that this program that we won has a start of production in FY24 itself which 
also speaks to the increasing OEM urgency to launch new EV variants.  
 
Slide 11: 
 
This brings me to our net order book. Now we did consume some parts of the 
order book as some programs entered serial production or ramped up and 
that is the key reason for our sequential growth and the addition of 4 billion 
means that our net order book stays at 205 billion at the end of Q2. The only 
change worth mentioning here is the increased proportion of EV going up to 
68%.  
 
Slide 13: 
 
With this, we come to diversification which is one of our key strengths. The 
weakness in European and Asian markets in the first half, and if you 
remember, in Q1 Asia was very very weak because of the zero covid 
shutdowns etc. It means that the revenue share from hybrid and micro-
hybrid has been lower as compared to previous years which is quite natural 
as these are the two markets with the highest proliferation of hybrid vehicles. 
Stepping away from just the first half on a longer-term trend. The increasing 
share of BEV and decreasing proportion from ICE seems to be continuing 
unchanged.  
 
Slide 14: 
 
Geographically, things have been quite volatile as you can see Europe and 
Asia used to be 40% of our revenue in FY22 and this is reduced to only about 
25% in H1. The gaps of course have been filled up by the US and Indian 
markets which continue to be quite robust. They have increased to 42% and 
32% respectively. Now, relative market shares are always a little tricky, 
especially in the times of strong growth, right? Because in a growing thing 
relative has to be seen in the context of absolute numbers rather than just 
relative percentages. So, Europe also, you would notice that if you look at 
Q1, Q2 was better than Q1 at least. So that is an improvement. However, like 
I said initially, it is far far away from how strong Europe generally used to be.  
 
Coming to product mix, the same geographic factor is visible as micro and 
plug-in hybrid starters fall from 26% to 21% in H1. And although just this quarter 
the numbers were reasonable. Again, the other notable trend that repeats 
here in the vehicle segment is traction motors are now 4%, which is also the 
electric two-wheeler percent, which is 4%, which is ahead of our own internal 
estimates so far.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 
 
So with this I will turn the call over to our Group CTO Mr. Deshmukh. He has 
some fairly important progress to report on the technology front. So over to 
you, Sir. 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Slide 15: 
 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
 
Slide 16: 
 
We have been sharing this technology roadmap in every earnings call. And 
since the market conditions are dynamic and the technology landscape 
continues to evolve, we keep tweaking our tech roadmap to align with the 
changed realities. This time, for example, we have fine-tuned one product 
and added as many as six new products in the white area, representing the 
products under development that are being explored.  
 
As I mentioned during our past earnings calls, our vision is to become a 
significant player in electric, autonomous and connected vehicles, offering 
integrated solutions to our customers. We are exploring partnerships and 
acquisitions of technologies such as sensing hardware and software solutions 
that address the burgeoning autonomous and connected vehicle space.  
 
As a tweak to our technology roadmap, we have removed the DCDC 
converter from the chart and introduced an integrated motor controller that 
uses the available resources also to do the function of the DCDC converter. 
This way we believe we can provide a more efficient and cost-effective 
solution to our customers.  
 
To augment our content in the final drive units for EVs, we are developing 
epicyclic gear drives consisting of several Helical Gears. We also have 
leveraged the competencies of our motor and driveline businesses to build 
an Electronic Locking Differential (EDL). This device located in the differential, 
electronically allows both wheels to turn at the same speed, providing 
additional traction should the vehicle become stuck.  
 
We recognize that our metal-forming know-how can do much more than 
the net-formed bevel gears we are known for. We have been exploring how 
we can bring value to our technology while making the products in an EV 
drive train stronger, more durable and cost-competitive. As a result of this 
study, we are now developing three products where the bulk of machining 
will be replaced by forming. Our forming process will save the input material 
and provide additional strength to the products. So we have created two 
essential parts of the EV drive motor using this method: Steel Rotor Shafts and 
Non-Ferrous End Caps. We are also in an advanced stage of developing 
formed Park Gears. So all these products are now displayed into the white 
area, showing what we are developing and as they get developed and 
matured and get commercialized, they will move to the blue area.  
 
Finally, I would like to share a significant breakthrough we accomplished 
during the quarter. Vivek mentioned it earlier. We have successfully 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
 
developed net-shaped spiral bevel gears. Perhaps, for the first time in the 
world, spiral bevel gears made by forming rather than cutting the gear teeth 
have been commercialized and we will soon be supplying these gears to 
global farm equipment manufacturers.  
 
This development is big because it is poised to do to the automotive spiral 
and hypoid gears, what this technology did to the straight bevel gears 
several decades ago. Because net-shaped gears are made with lesser steel 
and have a more favorable grain structure than their machine counterparts, 
they offer an unmatched price performance pressure. With decades of 
expertise in designing and making net-formed straight bevel gears, we can 
now provide the same benefits for spiral bevel gears. Soon our customers will 
be able to get Spiral and Hypoid gears far superior to the current machined 
gears at a competitive cost.  
 
We have always directed our R&D efforts towards creating groundbreaking 
products that give a unique value to our customers. This is one of those 
examples and we will continue to be on that path in the future. With that, I 
hand over to Rohit to cover the financial update.  
Rohit Nanda:  
Slide 17: 
 
Thank you, Mr. Deshmukh. A very good day to you all. It is my pleasure to 
share our second quarter and first half results for the financial year 2023 with 
you.   
 
Slide 18: 
 
This quarter, we have clocked the highest-ever revenue, EBITDA and PAT, at 
657 crores, 166 crores and 93 crores respectively. In terms of revenue, we had 
a growth of 12%, wherein BEV revenue grew by 6% year on year and non-
BEV revenue this time grew by a strong 14%. While our top three geographies 
of North America, India and Europe grew by only 4% in light vehicle sales. A 
large part of this growth has come from the ramp-up of some new programs 
which strengthens the credibility of our diversified business model once 
again.  
 
Our EBITDA grew by 7% to 166 crores. Our EBITDA margin for the quarter was 
25.2% against 24.2% in the previous quarter showing an improvement on a 
sequential basis. Compared to the second quarter of last year, the margin 
was lower by about 1.2% which is largely on account of the arithmetic effect 
of material price increases despite material cost passthrough. Our PAT was 
93 crores, showing a growth of 5% compared to the second quarter of last 
year. 
 
Slide 19: 
 
During the first half of the year, our revenue grew by 15% and stood at 1,247 
crores. Our BEV revenue grew by 33% at 294 cr and it constituted 25% of our 
total sales. Our non-BEV revenue grew by 10% whereas light vehicle sales in 
the three key territories declined by 6% over the same period.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
 
 
Our EBITDA grew by 5% to 308 crores. Though margin percentage was lower 
by 2.3%. But again, this is primarily due to the arithmetic effect from the RM 
price increase despite the cost pass through. Our first half PAT grew by 5% to 
168 crores when compared to the adjusted PAT of first half of the last year. 
Last year, first half PAT, as some of you may recall, had an exceptional 
income on account of reversal of IPO expenses which had been adjusted to 
arrive at a fair comparison of the numbers. There was also an improved 
margin transmission from EBITDA to PAT during the first half, mainly due to 
lower finance costs.  
 
Slide 20: 
 
Moving on to the first half cash flow, the company generated 231 crores of 
cash from operations. An important takeaway from the cash flow summary 
here is that high organic growth of the company has continued to be cash 
accretive so far. As we have managed to generate 65 crores of free cash 
flow during the first half, even after deployment of 166 crores in Capex. 
Besides this, we also paid dividend of 45 crores during the first half.  
 
Slide 21: 
 
This brings us to the last slide of our presentation in which we report the key 
ratios.  
 
The first one being value addition to employee cost ratio. It has further 
improved to 6.2 times which shows that marginal growth and value addition 
continues to improve relative to the growth and employee costs of the 
company. Our return ratios of RoCE and RoE continued to be strong above 
25% though they are a tad lower than that of the last two years, primarily due 
to higher working capital and ongoing Capex expenditure. Return on equity 
also had an inverse base effect due to the primary equity raised in the IPO 
last year.  
 
Our net debt continues to be negative, reflecting the balance sheet’s 
potential to raise debt to support future growth. Working capital turnover 
ratio is also largely similar as earlier periods at 3.8 times, indicating that growth 
in working capital has been largely in line with the growth of the underlying 
business. Lastly, the fixed asset turnover ratio has come down a bit to 3.9 
times, mainly on account of capitalization of our new unit in Pune which we 
have set up to support execution of the growing order book on the driveline 
business side.  
 
This brings us to the end of our Q2 and H1 earnings presentation and I will 
now hand the proceedings back to the Namura team for the Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Wonderful. Thank you very much, management. We will now open the floor 
for the Q&A session. So if you wish to raise a question, please use the raise 
hand function located at the bottom right of the Webex page. We will 
unmute your line and prompt you to speak or you may submit your question 
through the Q&A chatbox addressing to all panellists. Please be reminded 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
 
to keep your questions to maximum of two questions. If you have more 
questions to ask please return to the queue. Thank you.  
 
So first up we have Mr. Garvit, your line is unmuted, please proceed with your 
questions. Hi, Mr. Goyal? 
Garvit Goyal:  
My question is basically from the demand side, actually how we are seeing 
that demand trends going on in Europe and America currently, and in the 
upcoming quarter, specifically from the EV side, Sir. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Although I did mention that; but to add our voices to macroeconomics, I will 
tell you what we see on 28 October at 4:25 pm and it may not be valid even 
a month out because things have become so dynamic. North America is 
quite strong actually demand wise. EV demand, like I said, continues to be 
as strong; India continues to be strong for off highway, passenger vehicles 
and commercial vehicles; Europe has been weak all through this year. I think 
ever since March this year, Europe has been weak and continues that way. 
Obviously, all of us read a lot, and we hear a lot but this is where things stand 
as of today as of now, this is what I see.  
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay, okay, thank you. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Wonderful. Thank you for your question. So next up we have Mr. Jinesh. Your 
line is unmuted, please proceed. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Hi Vivek, so a couple of questions from my side. Firstly, given that 27 programs 
are yet to get into serial production… 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Can you speak a little louder please?  
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Is it better now? Yeah, so given that 27 programs are yet to go into serial 
production, can you give some flavour on how many programs you expect 
to go in serial production in the second half and for FY24 and 25? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So I won't talk about the second half of this year, but a majority of them 
should enter production within the next six quarters, so the full next year, 
because there have been delays, I won't obfuscate that. There have been 
two or three programs that were supposed to actually start this quarter and 
they have not. Maybe they will start by end of next quarter. Maybe they will 
be delayed even further because, although and I think you remember we 
had this conversation, the semiconductor-led supply chain shortage is not a 
shortage anymore, it is a supply-demand mismatch; the right kind of chips 
for the right kind of component to the right kind of OEM. And those kind of 
things still persist. So it is such a weird thing to have that there are places 
where people have everything, all the means of production but demand is 
an issue while there are some people where demand is not an issue, but they 
cannot get the supply chain thing sorted. So it is still a little messy to try to 
pinpoint for extremely short term, but most of them, I think will start in the next 
six quarters. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And second question pertains to the new product, net spiral bevel 
gears. Can you give some color on the size of the opportunity? And you 
talked about some orders in hand. So how big is the order? And by when do 
you expect commercialization of that?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So the first order is not that big. Like I said, we are first starting with a very 
specialized off highway vehicle product. We also want to make more before 
we keep taking it public, and for passenger vehicles, once we make the 
same thing in hypoid then it becomes passenger vehicle and that is where 
the big market is. I would say the market opportunity addressable is as big as 
the differential gear market in total size. However, I mean to get to where we 
are in differential gears to like 7-8% world market share. It took us 20 years. 
Now it won't take us 20 years to do this again because now we are 
somebody at that time we were a startup. But still I mean give us 5-6 years 
minimum to reach something of size. But yeah it is a big enough market and 
value-wise some of these products are fairly large.  
 
And the same, I do not know if you got that point Mr. Deshmukh made that 
exact same rationale and USP or you know right to win what we did to 
straight bevel gears when we made it through the forging route, the exact 
same thing happens to spiral now basically. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right, Right, I got that. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Wonderful, thank you very much. So next up we have Anay. Your line is 
unmuted. Please proceed with your questions.  
Anay Mittal:  
Hello? Mr Vikram can you hear me? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hi Anay, I can hear you loud and clear. 
Anay Mittal:  
Thanks. Vivek, I might go to this topic again on that Europe trend and 
demand, so sorry for that but I need some clarity, specifically one or two 
areas. Right? Are you seeing any trend where a customer has a budget for 
a particular EV project and they are putting those on hold because of 
ongoing whatever? It is like too many things are happening at the same 
time. So are you seeing trends on those lines? Number one. 
 
Number two, when you said that other markets, right, like particularly India, 
you said that demand is strong and we have domestic consumption and 
stuff and infrastructure is booming here in India. So are you seeing any 
demand like those offsetting your near-term losses in other geographies? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So thanks. I will take the second part first. I mean this is the first time we have 
even crossed 600 crore revenue in a quarter, so we are actually at 650 plus. 
So this is the best we have ever done. 
Anay Mittal:  
No no, first of all, I would congratulate you for that, Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Not for congratulations, just to give you the challenge of when you grow that 
much relative share is slightly misleading. So if you look at Europe's share even 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
 
now in absolute terms it is not that bad. It is just that on a relative basis where 
everything else is growing a lot, it has not grown at all. This quarter, so there 
is a bit of actually confusing signal even to us because we also go by our 
customers and what they are telling us and even more importantly, actions 
speak way louder than words. How much are they buying and how much 
are they picking up every month is the biggest indicator. This quarter was 
higher than last quarter for us. Although the commentary and tone seems 
not so optimistic, the numbers are not so bad in Europe. Other markets like I 
said, North America and India are doing fairly well. So nothing to say, but 
even you know the problem that you cannot stick your neck out for too long 
because you do not know what is going to happen in a month or two. The 
best thing we can do is be agile, be dynamic and act with, you know, 
alacrity. So there is no loss to make up because in a sense and I will be more 
realistic and slightly brutal, if sales are gone, they are gone, you know, you 
are not gonna get them back because if a guy has delayed their purchase 
decision by six months, it is not going to come in this time frame and if you 
lose time in pursuing anything as valuable as it may be, time is the most 
valuable commodity. So you have lost that. So I do not think anything gets 
made up because we cater to the global vehicle market, if enough global 
vehicles are sold anywhere we will be okay. But yeah, if something happens 
that affects the whole vehicle production, that is more challenging. 
Anay Mittal:  
Thanks. Thanks, Vivek. 
Moderator: 
Wonderful. Thank you very much for your questions. So next up we have 
Chirag. Let me just unmute Chirag’s mic. Okay, can you try to see if you can 
speak? Yes please proceed. 
Chirag Shah:  
Am I audible?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes Chirag, very much so. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yeah. Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for this opportunity sir. Two 
questions. One, last few quarters, if we see there have been series of 
disruptions happening, you know, be it OEM volumes and higher RMC etc. 
etc. So if we take a step back and if you have to assess where are we today 
in terms of volumes or like to like benchmarking. Where are we today? In 
terms of volumes, say a year back, where we were and where are we today? 
If you can give a ballpark understanding taking into account the geography 
mix issues, the product mix issue that we are going through. So that is the first 
question because we all focus on revenue for the company right there is so 
it helps us to understand where are we in terms of your benchmarking? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So Chirag, that is a very interesting question. I mean the whole presentation 
was the answer to that in one sense. The thing is, it is hard, it is not just the last 
four quarters by the way. I was given charge of this company in February 
2019, so I have never seen a normal quarter, so I do not know what a normal 
benchmark is anymore. I think what that has allowed us to do is build a 
business which handles volatility relatively well. I would not say we are 
antifragile but fragility does not shake us as much as it would others, let’s say 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
 
peers. Again, reasons: very low fixed cost, very high value addition upon 
employee costs. Do not choose products which are very commodity or 
market linked that one market goes down and suddenly you are out of 
business. And you have seen that all of those tests being applied. So I would 
say we continue to be focused on that, that as a business we are strong and 
resilient. Markets have not been great, I mean if you look at it and there are 
enough reports, I mean Nomura, BofA, all of them do a very fine reporting 
line by line of each market on light vehicle etc. No market has really done 
well. If you look into last six quarters, it is just now that we talk about a year 
on year, so we compared this quarter or this half with the corresponding half 
last year. But if we go back to 2018 and you being an auto analyst yourself 
seen all of this. Between 2010-2018 like clockwork the auto motor market 
used to grow by 4-5% every year. I think those days are just not there anymore 
and companies like ours which are fit and built to handle volatility and 
shocks, I think that is more important than just looking at trends and saying 
this market grows, I also grow. What can you do in a dynamic environment 
where there are many moving parts, I think that is what our benchmark is. 
Our benchmark is, how much money did we make? How much returns did 
we make? Did we deploy our cash properly? That is what our metrics is like I 
get the cash balance by the way, everyday we have very extreme metrics. 
We prepare for the worst literally. What is the worst? Your revenue goes to 
zero, absolute zero right? Every day we have a number that the executive 
board gets, which is how many months we can continue like we are today 
without a single paisa of revenue and Rohit obviously knows that answer well. 
We may not want to share it, but it is a long time and that is what we build 
our business for. That what is the worst that can happen and what do we do 
in those times and these are the benchmarks that matter to us, the others 
that we report of course they matter, the metrics that are that help analysts 
commonalize. People compare A to B, but for us, it is this: how strong are we 
because we believe the world will continue to be volatile and uncertain? 
Chirag Shah: 
Thanks, thanks for this. The second question was the new product, the white 
part of the product chart that you have. So I understand that proof of 
concept happens then after that you add a product over there. But if you 
can elaborate more on that, in general at what stage you add a product 
over there and how should we look at the development life cycle? I 
understand that you may have your own set of successes and so on and so 
forth. But internally, how do you look at when you add a product in that 
particular white area, if I use that word and what are your aspirations and 
how fast do you want to make it a commercial product or at least a product 
ready for approval stage from OEMs. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Great question Chirag. So I will let Mr. Deshmukh answer it in detail. However 
you are right the variance is fairly high that there are products there which 
could enter commercial production in a quarter or two and there are 
products which frankly may never also enter. Even the spiral bevel gear by 
the way, like I said, it has taken us more than a decade from starting to 
actually getting it done. So it is a very good question, Mr. Deshmukh sir? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Yeah. So as in every R&D project the success is not assured. So we keep on 
working on it and of course we work on those projects where probability of 
success is quite high and probability of commercializing that product into 
something which will be a commercial success is high. That is what we look 
at. So there are products which in the white area today, which may come 
into the blue area next quarter. There are some more products there, which 
may not see the light of the day. Like, Vivek just now mentioned the spiral 
bevel that has entered the blue area now this quarter, we have been 
working on this for more than 10 years. So it is a long journey and a lot of 
products which we drop and there are a lot of products that will come into 
it. It is a dynamic chart and depending upon the technology landscape, 
how it shapes, depending upon the market conditions. We keep on, we 
have internal discussions regularly, we have strategy sessions and we keep 
on modifying this chart based on these realities. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thank you. And if I can squeeze in one last question. So in general, Vivek, 
your view on demand, especially in China. How should we look at the ramp 
up? Because we read a lot of news flows coming across from China, but you 
are probably the right person to indicate, how should we look at the ramp 
up in volumes happening? What's happening over there? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, I mean, this quarter has been exceptionally good in China as all the news 
flow will indicate. How sustainable it is? We will all have to wait and watch. I 
am not 100% sold that it is intrinsic and structural. I think there are other 
elements, there may be subsidies, there may be incentives, there may be 
other factors that play. Unsubsidized, latent demand, converting to actual 
demand, that's a real thing. Right? When you have a huge class of people 
who want to buy and then they eventually have the means to buy those 
vehicles. So again, I will be like slightly more skeptical about that. 
Chirag Shah: 
But if you look at next few quarters, the next 4-6 quarters, can we assume 
that this kind of run rate that we have seen in the last quarter is sustainable 
in short term, say next four quarters or six quarters, is that the indication that 
you are getting from your OEMs? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So are you talking about us or are you talking about the China automotive 
market in general because we are very small in China and China is a very 
big market. So very different things. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yeah, I was actually trying to figure out for both to be very frank. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Macro and Micro are very different, Chirag, because see micro growth can 
double when you are that small, right, you just have to win one new program 
and you can double. So that is and that is not very consequential to be 
honest. I would focus more on North America, India and Europe, in that order 
for growth. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you Chirag for your questions. So next up we have Nitij. Nitij your line is 
unmuted. Please proceed. 
Nitij Mangal: 
Hi, good evening, Thanks for taking my questions. Firstly I want to go back to 
the technology roadmap, it seems the range of components you are 
working on in current and legacy categories is way more than what you 
have in legacy. So let's say someone has to think of, what is the revenue 
potential from these components on a 3-5-7 year kind of basis. How should 
one think of that? And also in your order book, is there any contribution 
coming in from the current components? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Hi Nitij, so firstly Happy Diwali!. Good to hear you on this. Again, the black 
ones were legacy, this is what we started with when we let's say 2016, 2017, 
right. All the blue ones are the ones where we actually produce and have 
orders for they are in. So these are all products that we have and we offer. 
The white ones are the ones where there is a degree of uncertainty on when 
would they enter or add to our revenue stream? Right. That's the question? 
Nitij Mangal: 
Yeah. And I do not know, I mean is there any way to quantify a bit in terms 
of, you know, you know, obviously there is, there are probabilities of 
successes and the farther you are in the commercialization the more 
uncertain it is. But let's see if you think of the blue part of the chart, is there a 
way to think of what is the total revenue potential and then you know, think 
of probabilities of success. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah. You do not have to think of probability if it is blue, the order book is the 
value. So blue plus black is equal to the order book value.  
Nitij Mangal: 
And how much of the order book is blue? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I would say a large part, right, because the starter motors and differential 
gears would not be that big. All differential assembly is in blue and yeah, I 
mean if you were to look at it, I think about 60 maybe 65-70%, would be in 
the blue. I know what you are asking, Nitij. You are asking in the left hand 
side in the excel sheet, how many rows and then how do I add the columns, 
right? But what I am saying is, probability is not there, that is order book only. 
The white is where probabilities come in because that is where you could be 
zero or you could be hundred and that is hard to predict because as you 
know, I mean we only add to blue when we get a purchase order. So blue 
is certain, probabilistic is all white. But you know if you had met me in 2015, 
2016 and you come to our office, we made one product, differential gear. 
So this is all that blue is just last 6-7 years of work and our revenues would be 
perhaps, I do not know. Pratik, what is the revenue share from differential 
gears? 20%? less than that? 
Pratik Sachan: 
In the orderbook? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, what is today our revenue from differential gears as a product as a 
percentage? It is on the chart. Just go one chart back.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
 
 
Yeah, this is it right, differential gears is white. This is 31% of our revenue. So 
like I said, All of this has been added in the last 5-6 years, so hopefully 5-6 
years later all of the business that is there today becomes again 30-40% and 
that is exactly by the way, I was not being philosophical when I was 
responding to Chirag’s question. That is how you build a business that can 
withstand stresses in a falling market and all of that. That whatever you have 
5-6 years later should only be a portion of the revenue of that time. And that 
is the endeavor that we keep making new things and we keep gaining 
market share and the things we have. That is it. These are the two things. 
Nitij Mangal: 
Okay. Alright, thanks. And secondly what kind of potential benefits you are 
thinking from the PLI scheme. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Large, but we have not quantified it and as we have spoken before, you 
know that the scheme outlay is fixed. the number of claimants and exactly 
what they are entitled to is kind of still up in the air. Right? So all of us, if I were 
to apply the percentage in a lot of our parts which are electrical and high 
tech which will qualify, they qualify them theoretically for the highest 
percentage but I do not think that is possible because that is a very very 
large number of incentive. 
Nitij Mangal: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. So before we open the floor for further questions. I will 
now pass to Sid to address some questions we received from the Q&A box. 
Sid over to you. 
Siddharth Bera:  
On the road map, we had shared in the past on various technologies, like 
Enedym, IRP etc. on the motor side which we had done and we had 
planned to sort of start production in the next couple of years. So any update 
or any progress can you share about where are we in terms of the clientele 
and the plan to sort of start those? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thanks Siddharth. I will ask Mr. Deshmukh to respond to that. I think three - 
IRP, Enedym and C-Motive. 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
IRP, Enedym, C-Motive. With IRP and Enedym the projects are in very late 
stage I mean they are at very advanced stage of development and they 
should be ready for commercialization in next 2 quarters, next six months. 
Again it depends upon the final results, final test results and like I said before 
R&D projects are binary. You succeed, you do not succeed, depends upon 
what results you get. You may have to do some tweaking, you may have to 
take one more iteration, in which case it may take longer time but if 
everything goes fine then we should have products coming from these two 
partnerships which is IRP and Enedym. Both are magnet free motors; should 
be ready for commercialization in the next six months. C-Motive is a third 
company with whom we are working, it is a completely new technology. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I will take that. It is a bit of a moon shot to be honest because it is an entirely 
different way of making motors through electrostatic technology. So that I 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
 
do not think you should consider for any forecast estimates. Even for us, it is 
one of those things that if it works out, changes the way motors are made 
and if it does not, well the option value is not that high. It is like an option that 
we put in about $1 million behind that research. It is trying to eliminate all of 
it, the rotors, even the copper I think will go. So it is a very different way. 
Hence the probability is obviously lower because the closer you are to the 
way things were made, the probability is higher. So Enedym is obviously 
higher because it is a way motors have been made earlier. But they had a 
problem called torque ripple which is that the torque literally rippled if you 
made a graph instead of being a very steady way, which was a rippling way. 
And I think the work we are doing with Enedym is trying to solve that problem. 
And if we do solve that it becomes a very very proficient magnetless motor. 
Hence the higher degree of certainty. Electrostatic means through static 
charge it is trying to develop magnetic current which is obviously much 
further away from how things are normally done right now. 
Siddharth Bera:  
Got it, and for the existing motors like BLDC and PMSM in which we are 
already supplying, and given the strong preference we are seeing for some 
of these electric models, would it be possible to share any numbers in terms 
of capacity? How you are, you have built currently and depending on the 
sort of because you are getting how much do the capacity will touch in the 
next couple of years.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Sat, if you could touch upon installed as well as capacity utilization. 
Siddharth wants to know the capacity that we have for BLDC and PMSM, 
you know 2 wheeler, 3 wheeler motors. 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
So, right now we have a capacity of around 250K for hub motors and around 
75-100K for PMSM motors in our Chennai plant. 
Siddharth Bera: 
And the utilization levels will be? 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Utilization levels as you know, it depends upon quarter to quarter and right 
now around 35 to 40%.  
Siddharth Bera: 
And lastly sir, on the Capex side, if you look at it again for the next couple of 
years what is the number you are looking at, any change in that and broadly 
in which areas you are planning to sort of do the capex. That will be all for 
me.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So Rohit? 
Rohit Nanda:  
So next 3 years we are estimating the capex to be 900 to 1,000 crores to take 
care of the existing order book. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So Siddharth, it only goes up and down depending on, you know if you see 
that in the near term something is not going very high or whatever. Then you 
kind of push out the cash flow. So cash management of Capex is a different 
thing from commitment of Capex. So we are fairly actively monitoring that. I 
think in the second part, Rohit, he wanted to know which areas. So I will 
answer that, most of it is actually towards, I would say, the largest would be 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
 
differential assembly and final gear and other EV transmission parts that we 
also showed in white, some of it will obviously start doing. The second largest 
would be towards the IMCM, the integrated suspension module product. The 
third largest would be towards adding more differential gear capacity which 
also serves by the way the differential assembly business and fourth would 
be the traction motors. Obviously there is zero capex deployed for starter 
motor. 
Rohit Nanda: 
So it will be 80% for the driveline business and about 20% for the rest of the 
business. 
Siddharth Bera: 
Okay thanks a lot sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, Sid. Thank you. So next up we have Basudeb. Just a 
reminder to investors due to limitation of time please refrain to two questions 
per person. Thank you. 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Yeah my thanks. I have a couple of questions sir, one as in your presentation 
also you have explained and earlier also we discussed that the optical effect 
of metal inflation impacting margin, so with metal prices correcting since 
what almost June how much of the revenue is reflecting metal deflation this 
quarter and what part of the potential optical reversal in margin is already 
there in the numbers? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thanks Bhaskar. Not much has happened for alloyed steel actually. Only Rs 
5,000 per ton was the reduction that we got, so not that much as we were 
expecting. But yeah it is already in the margins. Rohit, Vikram, if you want to 
add to that or if you are seeing anything more. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Just expected to understand how much potential of that reversal is still 
pending compared to the 300-350 bps of negative impacts. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Huge, I mean we are still at almost the second highest steel prices we have 
seen, in perhaps a decade. 
Basudeb Banerjee:  
And this Rs 5,000 per ton is on a base of how much, sir? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, Rohit, do you want to share, you have a slide on the build up, on how it 
has kept going up? I mean 5,000 gets us to what the prices were in March 
2022. 
Rohit Nanda:  
In April, we had a large price increase, in fact July price decrease does not 
even take care of the price increase that we had in April actually. So it is 
higher than the March price. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So broadly speaking, with operating leverage not being that substantial 
huge scope for this reversal in the base effect. Definitely, plus PLI being 
unaccounted so the margin has a huge scope to move up, per se. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, and like I said before to you also that the largest variable is steel price, 
that is the biggest variable. If you remember, in 2020 our margins had 
reached almost 30% because the steel prices became quite low and since 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
 
then it just kept climbing climbing climbing to this level. And like Rohit righty 
pointed out, this is actually not even the price increase that happened in 
April has also not been reversed. So this is the 2nd highest price point in the 
last I do not know how many years. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, thanks. 
Moderator:  
Wonderful, Thank you, Basudeb. Next up we have Jay. Jay your line is 
unmuted. Please proceed. 
Jay Shah:  
Hi, can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, loud and clear. 
Jay Shah: 
Congratulations team for a great and a superb quarter and hope you guys 
had a great Diwali. So I want to ask you this question Vivek, as we have seen 
in the last few quarters and even prior to listing, majority of our order book 
used to be you know maybe 6-8 quarters or maybe in that range down the 
line and like you just said FY24 we will see a lot of ramp up. So, in a way can 
you say that you know last 3-4 years the industry itself has been adopting the 
standards to EV and hence now the shift will be much more quicker even 
when you get order like I think in the last quarter, I asked you this questions, 
where from the time you finalize the deal and when it goes to, you know 
production, how much time does it takes and now you see a majority of our 
205 billion order book is coming into production in FY24, so would you be 
able to say that now? Okay, the curve of production can be much steeper? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Jay, look very astute of you, number one and also Happy Diwali, I did not 
have that good a Diwali because I fell ill but still. So yes, in a way if I were to 
kind of to draw a visual analogy, the end time for ICE and the starting point 
for new EV models was actually drawn a couple of years ago. So the people 
who were late to that point, let's say who were launching new models or who 
are starting a new model now, they have very little time to go to SOP. So yes, 
the pressure on us though obviously increases a lot for these customers, that 
I think I mentioned today and good  I think you caught it. I said that there is 
this Program we won they want to start next year. This is not usual, you know, 
18-24 months is the usual time. So I think a lot of OEMs are now under pressure 
to catch up and this trend will accelerate and I think Europe has already 
passed, 2035, is now a hard cut off. ICEs have to drop off if you have to now 
start doing new model launches. Let's say you are a car maker and you have 
a car launch in 2027, how many people would think of launching a diesel or 
petrol car in 2027? Outside India of course. That number is very low, so when 
you know that already and you know that it is inevitable that you have to 
launch only EV variants. Now you are getting into a hurry, so yes, yeah the 
urgency is increasing however and this is a note of caution for the people to 
also read this and other supplier, there is a time period beyond which we 
cannot crash these processes, these are all safely critical things, there is an 
amount of time that one must put in testing, and samples, and validation 
before we go to market, we do A sample, B1 sample, B2 sample, B3, C… 
before we go to production, so it cannot be cut down beyond a point also 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
 
but you are absolutely bang on right, the urgency and the tone has shifted 
to you know, one of those everything is needed tomorrow. 
Jay Shah: 
Got it, got it. And just the last question now that we are seeing more 
adoption, I would not name the OEM, but yeah they have come with 
another variant where the price of the variant is just half of their actual 
variant which was doing so great so would it be that you know your wallet 
share per car as you know if if you if you can say it rightly like if Moore's law is 
applied and if the cost of car keeps coming down, your wallet share per car 
might go down but obviously your product will go into more number of cars, 
can that be a possibility? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
It is right, I mean if you have seen that chart in which we defined our strategy, 
we started with very low volume but very high value and very few number 
of cars, very high performance and then we kept moving down to when EV 
becomes mass. See still whatever saying that EV is not that mass, it is still most 
of the successful EVs are relatively expensive for most markets. It will become 
mass one day, so there is a point which will come, but that is I think 10 to 15 
years later when EV is the vehicle, there is no other power train, there is no 
competing power train. At that time, which sector do you want to specialize 
in etc, because right now for us it is how much value total and how much 
can that be done balancing 2 things returns and profit, that is it. There is some 
things which will have higher EBITDA but lower return some will have slightly 
lower EBITDA but higher return and you got to balance those two. But yeah, 
exciting times, the next 2-3 years will be exciting. Yes, they could be, you 
know, a couple of quarters here and there, with uncertainties and 
geopolitical stuff, but I think the direction is pretty clear and I think it is also 
getting pretty linear. 
Jay Shah: 
Okay. Okay, thank you so much and God speed recovery to you Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thanks. Yeah. Thanks  
Moderator: 
Wonderful, thank you very much. So due to the time concern we will end the 
Q&A sessions here. If you have any follow up questions, please feel free to 
email your questions to your Nomura sales representative or corporate 
access team. So now I will pass back to call to Kapil. Kapil over to you. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Actually, I am okay with more questions by the way. I know some of you have 
to go and attend some other earnings call perhaps but I am okay. We are 
here. It is only five. It is not that we are going home. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay, sure. Gigi do we have any more questions in the queue? 
Moderator: 
Earlier we had a question from Afin, but I think Afin just dropped off. Let me 
see if he is still around. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok, anybody else. 
Moderator: 
I think Afin dropped off just now. So for those who had raised your question, 
who had pressed your raise hand function if you have any follow up please 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
 
just raise it again, so I know you have a follow up question. We have got a 
new raise hand from Deepak. Deepak over to you. 
Deepak Yadav: 
Hello, can you hear me? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes, Deepak 
Deepak Yadav: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. I have two questions. The first is, I 
believe you were looking for some acquisition opportunities for a compatible 
sensor based company, if I am correct. So, how far are we in this endeavor 
or process and what products in your portfolio, I believe in the white region 
would have synergies if such acquisition will ever take place? Is it your 
controller or invertors or next generation motors we are working for? 
 
The second one is we are seeing kind of boom in electric two wheelers 
segment in India. Recently I was in my village where my grandfather, he 
bought EV like electric scooters so it was quite nice. So what Sona Comstar 
is basically doing to proactively capture this opportunity. Thank you! 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you for those interesting questions, Deepak. So first one I will take, all 
M&As are binary till a deal is done, nothing is done, once we do and if we 
do, we will of course inform everyone. You have very astutely already 
observed that the right inverter and the controller we control using inversion, 
so that is why it is an inverter. Basically anything. What is the sensor capability 
we are looking to add or we are looking to develop that capability is around 
the software end. We will not enter the chip or the hardware control of it. It 
will be, how do we get software to control these electronic sensors to 
perform a function that makes vehicles better for their consumer. That is the 
objective here. So yeah, the capability alignment will be more towards 
software driven products.  
 
Second and very interesting one. And thank you for sharing. I have also 
always believed that our rural India has a great potential for electric vehicles 
for one of the biggest reasons obviously electricity being subsidized when 
your TCO goes down dramatically. What we are doing as ourselves we 
cannot do much because you have to understand that we are B2B2C, so 
we cannot solve end consumer problems directly. However, we are working 
with a lot of our customers on electric tractors, electric 2-wheelers and 3-
wheelers, which can be used for both passengers and goods carrying for 
rural India and I genuinely believe rural India has a humongous untapped 
potential for electric vehicle. I mean just think of electric tractors because 
you are not going too far from home range anxiety is not an issue. The TCO 
is phenomenal here. What it does to reduce pollution etcetera is just a 
byproduct, just economically, it makes so much sense. So we are working 
with a couple of our customers on electric tractor products and I think it is 
quite exciting and hopefully all my best wishes to your father and hope there 
are many more who purchase this. I think the problem currently with vehicles 
are they are not made for rural roads. I think you need a much wider tread 
of the wheel, you need better suspensions to take those uneven roads, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
 
etcetera. But it will get that there, there is a great market opportunity waiting 
to be found. 
Deepak Yadav: 
If I can add a small question. So recently there was a company, I would not 
take a name. They acquired an electric tractor manufacturing startup. 
Right? So can I say that in future, Sona Comstar can use their expertise to go 
into this end product or they are only focused on supplying motors or other 
mission critical parts? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Deepak that I will clarify, I know who you are talking about. We will work 
with such people and supply them the parts they need, we are never going 
to invest in or buy a vehicle maker, because that is not our business and it 
provides a direct conflict of interest. We can be in the best intention that 
whatever we do, but our actions must be above reproach, if we want to be 
the leaders in our field. So there should not be an iota of a doubt in my 
customers mind that whatever product that we codesign or we designed for 
them, I am going to use for something else because of a vested financial 
interest in owning a vehicle company. So that that day we will not let arise, 
we will help all our OEM customers develop the best products they possibly 
can but no we will not go and make vehicles.  
Deepak Yadav: 
Thanks and that answers my question. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. So Vivek just want to know if you are okay on time, 
would you like to take one more question? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
100% and actually Kapil has not even asked me a question, which is usually 
used to be the first question so I have to at least answer his question. 
Moderator: 
Okay, so we have Sunil next, Sunil your line is open. Please proceed. 
Sunil Bhojwani: 
Hi Vivek and team, thank you and congratulations for the great numbers. So 
I have two questions. One would be pertaining to China and Europe. What 
difficulties are you seeing in your plants in China and Europe? And is there 
any margin dilution happening because of higher input costs like power and 
other things due to China and Europe and on the overall consolidated basis. 
What capacity utilization are we at? I will ask my second one later.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. So capacity utilization is because we have multiple products and 
multiple processes. Quite a tough one. So what I try to do is give you product. 
I think gears we're running at about 70 odd percent because we just added 
a lot of capacity. That is why the fixed asset turnover also you would have 
seen gone down because we just had a lot of capacity; differential 
assemblies, etc. I think we are running about 80-85% and starter motors about 
at about, I would say 45%, traction motors around 35-40% like Sat said. So 
these are the broad things.  
 
We do not have a plant in Europe actually, we only have warehouses. So, I 
know what you mean by the increase in input prices, etc., but since we do 
not manufacture there, it is not consequential. Our China plant is also not 
very very big. So of course there are challenges, there were challenges in 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
 
the last quarter, but this quarter has been relatively smooth. But Sat, anything 
you want to add on our China plant? 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
No Vivek, I think you covered it very well. Right now we are not seeing a big 
change in our forecast in the numbers. 
Sunil Bhojwani: 
So any lockdowns or anything else is not really hampering the plant in China, 
okay. And my second question was with pertaining to the customers and 
also due to the high growth in the BEV and EV segment, is there any 
cannibalization possible? And do you have a lot of overlapping customers? 
Because what I see is you have close to 37 customers in the Nov EV and 
about 19 odd customers in the EV segment, so is there a lot of cannibalization 
which could kind of take the growth away? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Not that much actually. So if we can, I think I know you're talking about the 
order book slide right? 
 
Not much because if you look at it, passenger vehicle, everyone has an EV 
variant and usually we are there, so that is where cannibalization can 
happen. Off highway and commercial vehicle there isn't much two wheelers 
we were not in and three wheelers, two wheelers are added only recently 
after we made the traction motor. It is not really cannibalization and I think I 
mentioned this trend when I spoke in my opening remarks that for the gear 
guys, we are actually moving up. We have already done so for two 
customers like I said, hopefully we will do it for one more instead of 
cannibalization, it is actually value addition is increasing for us. So that is what 
is happening for us so far.  
Sunil Bhojwani: 
Okay. That helps, if I could just add on one thing. How do you forecast the 
next few quarters on overall basis. I know you do not give out any guidance 
or numbers but a little view of yours, and your management. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I mean it should be good and strong, you know our track record, it should 
continue to be good. We just do not know how the macros would be, 
because what is harder to estimate is, you know, the base that you have 
already, you know which new order books, how much you land, but what 
happens to the base you have not had, does that shrink? And if yes, by how 
much, I mean in just the last three years we have seen the industry go from 
96 million vehicles producing industry to 72 million. So that is the variable that 
we do not know but yeah, growth should be there and it should be robust in 
the near term, in the medium term, hopefully also in the long term, but at 
least we can answer till the near term and medium term. 
Sunil Bhojwani: 
Okay, great, thank you so much. Thank you. That was it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sunil for your question and thank you Sir Vivek. Thank you. Just a 
kind reminder for clients online if you hav e any further questions, please feel 
free to use the raise hand function we will help you to unmute your line. 
Alternatively, do submit your question to us through the Q&A box, we still 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
 
have a short time left before we conclude the call. So do take the last 
opportunity to ask any questions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Hi so Vivek, seems we do not have any follow up questions as of now, would 
you like to end the call slightly earlier with the closing remarks.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure, unless Kapil wants to add anything, we must take our host’s permission 
before ending things. 
Kapil Singh: 
No, I will hand it back to you Vivek for any closing remarks. Thank you so 
much. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Nothing, as always thank you to all of you who attended and gave us your 
valuable time. I know there are many things you would maybe rather be 
doing on a Friday evening but your questions help us understand our business 
also better. We do not look at it the exact same way the outside world looks 
at it. So it makes us better. Learning is iterative and we hope to continue 
learning and continue to do better in the future. So thank you and see you 
again next quarter. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you very much everyone for attending the call and I thank the entire 
management team of Sona Comstar for taking out time as usual. Thank you. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank You 
Moderator:  
Thank you everyone. Thank you again for your time. Happy Diwali and now 
you may drop off the line. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
