 
 
 
 
November 2, 2022 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st  Floor,  New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot no C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/analysts Call – Q2 FY 2022-23 Unaudited Financial Results  
Scrip Code: BSE – 500304; NSE – NIITLTD 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
Transcript of Investors/analysts Call organized on October 28, 2022 post declaration of Unaudited 
Financial Results of the Company (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2022. 
 
The same shall be available on our website i.e. www.niit.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For NIIT Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak Bansal 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encls : a/a 
 
DEEPAK 
BANSAL
Digitally signed by DEEPAK BANSAL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=32f5c0da77342f0bd8f79ffb66
4be17d, 
2.5.4.20=1216E536739FFC0F492230DB780
21D5721F5FA8A12FDBCBA2CB41D5333B6
BFAB, postalCode=110033, st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=fff2c2cd651e10899edbc3db
c92c5db44be46796a9cc000c593547953a3
b6f01, cn=DEEPAK BANSAL 
Date: 2022.11.02 20:59:00 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“NIIT Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIJAY THADANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR & VICE 
CHAIRMAN, NIIT LIMITED 
MR. SAPNESH LALLA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, NIIT LIMITED 
MR. KAPIL SAURABH – INVESTOR RELATIONS & M&A 
NIIT LIMITED 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the NIIT Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Thadani, Managing Director and Vice Chairman 
of NIIT Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Thank you, and good afternoon to each one of you, and good morning or good evening, as the 
case maybe depending on where you are in the world. First of all, thank you very much for 
giving us your time to listen to us and the progress of NIIT over the last quarter. We are 
extremely grateful to you for your interest. And I do know that you have many other meetings 
to attend. So, we will keep our briefing brief and leave more time for your questions. 
 
The agenda of today's call is to discuss the business performance for the quarter ending 
September 30, 2022. And the only opening comment that I would like to make is that despite 
turbulent macro environment, all our businesses, SNC Skills and Careers, including RPS 
Consulting that we had acquired last year, as well as CLG have achieved double-digit growth 
on a year-on-year basis. 
 
As indicated in the Pre-Quarter 2 and during Earnings Update, there was steeper than anticipated 
impact of environment on CLG business, which did impact our Q-o-Q growth, and to that extent, 
Sapnesh would explain that details. But what is important is that the business continue to add 
new customers and maintain this velocity of customer acquisitions and 100% renewal rates. 
 
So, there is a great potential for the company in future in both businesses, and we are committed 
to deployment of the cash in the balance sheet for further investments in profitable growth and 
new capabilities on the back of the investment that we made in a company called KNOLSKAPE 
in last quarter.  
 
So, with this opening comment, I would like to hand you over to Sapnesh to provide details of 
the operating performance. And then I will give a very brief overview of the reorganization 
process that the company is going through and then we will open it for Q&A. Over to you, 
Sapnesh. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Thanks, Vijay, and thanks, everyone, for joining. Like Vijay pointed out, we appreciate your 
time, and we know how busy you are and therefore, really, really appreciate your presence. To 
provide you with the highlights, I'll start with NIIT overall and then get into each business 
respectively. 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Our revenue stood at INR 3,922 million. This was up 24% year-on-year and was down 3% on a 
Q-o-Q basis, primarily due to a steeper-than-expected compression in a large customer at CLG. 
I will cover this detail when I discuss the corporate learning business with you.  
 
The EBITDA stood at INR 560 million. The EBITDA margin at 14%. The EBITDA includes 
impact of wage inflation effective July 1, a steeper-than-expected compression in some 
customers with CLG, product mix changes, as well as a pickup in travel and premises cost this 
quarter, which we had anticipated earlier. We also continued to make some acceleration in the 
growth investments that we started making earlier this year, specifically with respect to our 
business in CLG as well as in SNC. 
 
The net other income showed was at INR 103 million. This includes treasury income of 137 
million and exceptional expense of INR 41 million related to various strategic initiatives that we 
have at play at this time. The tax was at INR 96 million for the quarter. The profit after tax was 
at 396 million, resulting in an EPS of 2.9. 
 
In the Corporate Learning business, the revenue was at INR 3,004 million. It was up 10% year-
on-year. As shared and as pointed out by Vijay earlier, the revenue is down 4% Q-o-Q. And in 
constant currency terms, it was up 5% year-on-year and down 5% Q-o-Q.  
 
The EBITDA was at INR 535 million. The EBITDA margin was at 18%. The EBITDA was 
impacted on a quarter-on-quarter basis based on account of the planned wage hike during the 
quarter, as well as the lower revenue during the quarter, including the steeper-than-expected 
compression in one of the large customers.  
 
During the second quarter, NIIT hosted its flagship annual customer event conference 2022 in 
Miami in the United States. NIIT could not hold this event in person over the last 2 years due to 
the pandemic, but it was heartening to note that the participation in the event was robust and the 
feedback very, very encouraging and seen like a strong endorsement of the trust that customers 
have in NIIT. 
 
The investments in sales and marketing continue to drive new logo addition in Q2. NIIT, the 
CLG business of NIIT signed 3 new customers as MTS customers. And this includes one global 
aviation company, one IT/ITES company and a large multilateral ad agency. In addition, the 
company renewed 3 contracts that had come up for renewal, thereby maintaining its 100% 
renewal record. 
 
We see a robust pipeline for conversion in Q3 and Q4 and see strong velocity of customer adds 
as we look ahead. The MTS customer tally at the end of this quarter stands at 70, and the revenue 
visibility at the end of the quarter is at $305 million. 
 
We continue to see a healthy pipeline, as I mentioned earlier, as well as opportunity for 
expansion of wallet share with our existing customers. The sharp increase in volatility in the 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
macro environment last quarter caused a steeper-than-anticipated compression in customer 
spend. We expect the pace of consumption to pick up as the uncertainty starts to subside. 
 
Despite the near-term volatility in spends, I think it is prudent to continue to invest in long-term 
growth of the company given the significant potential in front of us. We hope these investments 
or actually, we expect these investments would help us increase our wallet share, as well as 
penetrate new markets and customer segments as we look ahead. 
 
In our Skills and Career business, the revenue for the quarter was at INR 918 million. It was up 
119% on a Y-o-Y basis. On an organic basis, the growth was 29% year-on-year, driven by 
growth in the flagship StackRoute and TPaaS products. The StackRoute and TPaaS products 
grew 35% year-on-year and contributed 40% to the SNC revenue in the second quarter. 
 
The EBITDA was at INR 25 million as compared to a loss of 47 million in the previous quarter. 
The business has emerged as a leading digital learning business across domains for both career 
seekers as well as working professionals, leveraging the strength of our brand, deep expertise 
and pedagogy, and the use of technology and learning. This business provides training in 
emerging digital technologies, a segment that is continuing to see a significant war for talent as 
well as high attrition levels. 
 
We continue to see a multi-year cycle for growth and demand for skill talent across our 
customers, which include global system integrators, global capability centers and leading 
enterprises in India. Our B2C go-to-market is ramping up and helping our learners achieve strong 
career outcomes. Learners who join us, have been getting offers that are almost twice the average 
starting salaries for on-campus hires with recent starting offers as high as 10.5 lakhs per year. 
 
In terms of balance sheet, our balance sheet metrics continue to be strong. DSOs continue to 
improve and are now at 46 days versus 49 days as of last quarter and 57 days a year ago. The 
net cash position improved marginally to INR 12,597 million versus 12,593 previous quarter. 
This includes the impact of annual variable compensation that gets paid in the second quarter. 
 
As of September 30, 2022, we have 3,299 NIITians within NIIT, and this was up 59 on a quarter-
on-quarter basis.  
 
During the quarter, NIIT entered into a definitive agreement with KNOLSKAPE Solutions PTE. 
Ltd for an investment of US$2 million. This investment enables NIIT to bring more value to 
customers in the area of leadership, professional and digital skills. 
 
In an increasingly hybrid work environment, KNOLSKAPE's platform and portfolio of AI-
driven immersive simulations coupled with NIIT's managed services approach to help 
organizations prepare for a digital first future-ready workforce. The investment is expected to 
close post completion of certain CPs. 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
While the environment remains dynamic, the company expects the CLG business to get back to 
quarter-on-quarter growth starting Q3 and achieve high single-digit year-on-year growth for 
FY23. Margins are expected to stay at the Q2 levels in the second half of the year. For the full 
year, we expect the margins to be a shade below 20% for the year. 
 
On the other hand, for the SNC business, it remains on track, and we retain our expectation of 
growth of 50% on a year-on-year basis for FY23. During the quarter, NIIT continued to win new 
customers in line with expectations, along with maintaining 100% track record. This points to 
the strong competitive positioning and the trust that the company enjoys with its customers, as 
well as strengthening of the business for the medium to long term. 
 
Despite the near-term volatility and training consumption, the strategy and long-term 
opportunity of its business remains intact. NIIT continues to see a large market opportunity in 
both its businesses and is committed to deployment of cash, as Vijay pointed out, use the strength 
of its balance sheet to make further investments, profitable growth and new capabilities. 
 
Summarizing, we continue to see large opportunity and a strong multi-year growth potential for 
both our businesses, a strong competitive position and the right to win in markets we operate in. 
Our near-term uncertainty has had a short-term impact on our financials. We expect growth in 
CLG to pick up in H2. The growth in SNC business remains on track. We expect to remain on 
track to deliver approximate or a margin of a shade below 20% for CLG and a small EBITDA 
profit for the SNC business for the whole year.  
 
Thank you, and Vijay, back to you for a brief on the reorganization. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay. Thanks, Sapnesh. A very quick brief on the reorganization. As mentioned in the last time, 
we had filed an application with NCLT. And NCLT also had the first motion hearing. And based 
on that, the shareholder and creditors' meeting is scheduled for November 15, for which I think 
the invite was sent in October and the e-voting will open from November 11 to 14. 
 
So, the project is on schedule, and we do hope that based on this, the second motion hearing will 
be filed. And therefore, in one of the quarters next year, in the next financial year, we hope to 
complete the reorganization exercise, which is a demerger of NIIT Limited into NIIT Limited 
and NIIT Learning Services.  
 
So, I'll stop here. If there are further questions, we will be very happy to answer. Other than that, 
we have covered all the grounds. So, now we will open it for Q&A. Operator? 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sapnesh, you did allude to this in your opening remarks with regard to the rundown of the CLG 
business. The understanding was that just ought to come back in Q3. If you just flesh out the 
answer a little bit more, are we on full track for recovery? And secondly, we have been given to 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
understand in the past that H2 sees impact of budget flush in terms of the clients and so keeping 
that flush perspective as well, how are we treating H2? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So, there was a part of your question which I couldn't completely figure out, but let me try to 
restate what you said and see if that's what you were looking for. I think what you wanted to 
know was how is H2 looking and in light of the budget flush that we have had in the past, 
specifically in Q3, most years, is H2 looking any better than H1? Is that what your question was? 
Baidik Sarkar: 
That's right.  
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Okay. So, while there is a budget flush at the end of December with most of our customers, 
specifically most customers in North America. But this year, given the uncertainty in the 
environment, we are not sure whether organizations will be allowed to spend their budgets or 
will they be asked to return their budgets. So, from an overall perspective, I do think we will see 
growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis as compared to where we ended in Q2, both for Q3 as well 
as Q-o-Q growth as we get into Q4. But I am not sure if the impact of the typical budget flush 
will be as significant as we have seen in the past. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure. So, secondly, our order book has now been flat for two quarters. Is there visibility of 
acceleration there? And importantly, is this impact of the steep run-up in order book that we 
witnessed in H2 of last year? Is that already reflected in our reported revenues? Or is there a 
probability of some amount of scale up from last year's order book's scale up? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So, our visibility, you are right, our visibility has been a little flat over the last couple of quarters. 
Part of it is because a lot of our renewals are pegged in our Q3, which is October, November, 
December, and sometimes some of them slip into January. So, that's one. And given that we 
have a number of renewals on deck and we expect to close those renewals in Q3, so you will see 
that adding to the visibility. The second is, like I pointed out, we have a very healthy and strong 
pipeline, and we expect to close the number of contracts in our Q3, which should also add to the 
visibility. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure. On the domestic Skills and Careers business, Sapnesh, while TPaaS and StackRoute have 
grown Y-o-Y, what explains the flattest trajectory sequentially because the domestic hiring 
environment in India is still very robust, right? So, if you could just throw some color on that. 
And importantly, we had a certain expectation of acceleration here in the years to come for 
FY24, FY25. Is there a reason to believe that that revenue acceleration is still on track? Or has 
there been a change in trajectory there? And should that acceleration happen is it fair to expect 
the beginning of mid-level kind of margin starting FY24, domestic skill business? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So, the India business specifically is a seasonal business. So, the best way to look at it is on a Y-
o-Y basis rather than on a Q-o-Q basis. We expect that the India business will return a growth 
of upwards of 50% for the year and continue to be robust in the coming years. But from a hiring 
trend perspective, it is seasonal, and therefore, the onboarding part of our business continues to 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
be seasonal and it reflects the growth or the Q-o-Q growth reflects that. I think you had a second 
question about the likely profitability of this business as we go into the next year. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
As well as the acceleration in revenues in '24, '25. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
And so, we expect the revenues to be on a strong trajectory going forward. We think that the 
India business has a long-term strength, and we are well positioned to capture a lot of that 
optimism, specifically as you look at the shortage of skills, the high attrition rates and so on and 
so forth, and the fact that we are well positioned not just in the career seeker space, but also in 
the working professional space. And we are continuing to make significant investments in our 
digital B2C go-to-market. It should also start to add to the growth potential. 
 
In terms of profitability, like I pointed out, this year is likely to be close to breakeven or a little 
bit of profit for the SNC business, but we expect that that is likely to grow in the next year and 
from thereon. Eventually, this business should become a mid-teens to 20% profit business. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
And are we close to hiring the requisite leadership for this business? Or is that a call you will 
take later on closer to the demerger? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Like I had pointed out, we have a very strong operating management team, and we are 
considering all options from a leadership standpoint both internal and external. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shradha from AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Shradha: 
So, I was talking about expectations of margins in Q3 for CLG business. So, why are we 
expecting flattish margins despite the fact that salary hike impact has already baked into Q2 
numbers? And you are also talking about Q-on-Q growth. So, shouldn't margins look upwards 
in Q3? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I don't get paid salaries in Q2 alone. I get paid salaries in Q3 also. But that having been said, the 
softness in the macro environment and the investments that we have to create growth in spite of 
the softness in the macro environment will keep the margins a little flat for the next couple of 
quarters. But after that, we should start seeing growth in margins as well. 
Shradha: 
And also, can you highlight the kind of investments of close to Rs. 41 million that we did? What 
are the strategic initiatives that we undertook? And what are the kind of results you are looking 
at from these initiatives? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Like we pointed out, we have a mandate to make inorganic investments. You saw some of those 
come through in terms of a small investment in KNOLSKAPE, but we have a basket of such 
initiatives going on. And some of those initiatives are requiring external help against which we 
are spending. 
Shradha: 
And sir, in your Skills and Career segment, if I look at - 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I was saying that as soon as some of these initiatives come close to maturity, of course, you will 
get to know. 
Shradha: 
Sure. And sir, on your Skills and Career business segment, if I look at the revenue excluding 
RPS, that number shows decline both from a Q-on-Q and a Y-o-Y perspective. So, any 
comments there? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I think it showed a growth of 29% from an SNC organic business perspective, and that is on a 
higher base. So, I think that business continues to have strong potential. And like I had pointed 
out, we are investing, continuing to invest in our NIIT digital go-to-market, and we expect these 
investments to start aiding growth as we look ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Basi, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Siddharth Basi: 
Firstly, congratulations on the numbers. One was a little worried when one read the mid-quarter 
update. But I think in a tough business environment, we have done a good job. And I am rather 
pleased with our management that, you know, we are able to wait through such difficult times 
with such finesse. So, firstly, congratulations on that. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Well, thank you. I appreciate your kindness. 
Siddharth Basi: 
So, my first question would be with regard to, you know, this is like dichotomy that I am not 
able to understand. So, whenever the Federal Reserve Chairman speaks, he talks about a tight 
labor market. He talks about the fact that there are enough people still employed in the labor 
force. The hiring is still strong. In such an environment, then shouldn't our growth actually be 
higher because while more people are being onboarded in the U.S. economy in jobs, therefore, 
they would still need training. So, why is it that we are feeling a sort of lack of growth in the 
CLG side of things because the U.S. for all intents and purposes, the labor market in the U.S. is 
very tight, and there are more and more job additions happening on a week-on-week, Q-on-Q 
basis, I understand RECO is a one off events which has impacted margins, but I am talking 
generically in terms of the U.S. job market. And then I will just ask a few questions after this 
one, please. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I think, it's a very good question. I think, there are two forces that are at play, but each is playing 
off of other. While the labor market is very tight, but that specifically, the tightness in the labor 
market means wages are higher and wages are higher and therefore, inflation is higher. And 
therefore, the Fed is trying to pull the economy back by raising the interest rates. And what that 
just doing is telling most large organizations that recession is just around the corner. 
 
Now for recession to hit, the unemployment rate will have to move from the current 
unemployment rate of about 3.5%, 3.6% to about 5%. And so given what Mr. Powell has said 
that he would continue to tighten the supply of money till there is control on inflation because 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
inflation going out of control would mean much worse for the economy as compared to a 
recession. 
 
So, most corporations are expecting a recession. And when they are expecting a recession, that's 
creating uncertainty, and therefore, they are curtailing expenses, which are discretionary in 
nature, as well as capital expenses. So, that's what causing the expense on training to be 
compressed. I know I tried to connect a number of economic factors, but I hope I have made 
some sense. 
Siddharth Basi: 
So, then my next question is like yesterday, everyone saw the numbers of Facebook, Google, 
Microsoft, Amazon, their prices collapsing as well in the market in the U.S. So, if these 
companies are already playing for recession, would there be a certain sanctity to the guidance 
that you are providing now that even if recession hits, we at NIIT should be able to hold these 
margins and these revenue growth even if there is a recession in the U.S. because as you said, 
we are already feeling the impact of the recession because it's already there in the company's 
mind. So, once the news comes out, it almost becomes like a buy the rumor, sell a new sort of a 
thing. So, is there a sanctity to our guidance then that, you know, even if the U.S. does go into 
recession, we should be able to maintain the EBITDA in CLG right now and our SNC growth? 
Or then would they be subject to downward revision again? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
See, no, I don't think anyone can guarantee anything. But what we are seeing, we just, like I 
pointed out, we just had our annual customer event. We are seeing a very strong endorsement 
from all of our customers and their desire to continue to work with us. Nobody can guarantee 
how much training they will consume, but what they are saying is they will continue to work 
with us. That's one. 
 
Second, and currently, their training consumption which had gone up a little bit in the previous 
fiscal year has gone back down to COVID level. So, we expect that the uncertainty ahead of us 
is not a hell of a lot more than the uncertainty that was there during COVID. So, we expect that 
the consumption would be approximately what it was during the COVID time. It will take a little 
bit of time to get back to pre-COVID levels, but it should not drop below the COVID levels. 
That's one. 
 
Second, during these last few years, we have had high velocity in customer acquisition. And we 
are expecting to continue to increase that velocity of customer acquisition. So, that should add 
to or that should create a growth momentum for us, that while the customers are going to spend 
less than we had expected them to spend, but they will still spend at, say, COVID levels and 
therefore, will result in the step function growth. So, that's the thesis that we have used to come 
up with our numbers. Again, like I pointed out, these are projections and the fact that they're 
projections means that they are based on a reasonably robust set of criteria. Of course, in an 
uncertain market, the criteria can change. 
Siddharth Basi: 
So, my third question would now be towards the India business. Since the Indian economy is 
doing recently well, are we seeing further acceleration even say, with respect to our acquisitions? 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Like, for example, we had the EdTech Summit at the NIIT University, and we had some great 
speakers speak. And so there were two things I wanted to ask. Mr. Pawar there mentioned the 
80-20 rule, where he was talking about 80% gross margin and 20% cost on advertising and other 
expenses. So, are our acquisitions going to be like that? Or are we even willing to do some 
companies which are loss-making at the moment, but we are still looking at them from the point 
of view of acquisition? 
 
Secondly, Mr. Sanjeev Bikhchandani was also there, and he has been known to acquire a lot of 
things. Now I am assuming there is a close relationship with management. So, are we, therefore, 
also looking at just putting in money like a sort of a private equity EdTech firm where we using 
our network can accelerate these companies that we invest in thereby getting higher valuations 
and selling them off? So, having a double play of our core business, plus maybe some EdTech 
acquisitions using this sort of a mindset in mind where we are looking to accelerate using our 
network and thereby creating shareholder value. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I think you said many things that could formulate a reasonably complex strategy for acquisitions 
for a company our size. But what I would say to you is that our inorganic strategy is focused 
around profitable growth. We will invest in organizations that are and have potential for 
profitable growth both in the United States as well as in India. 
Siddharth Basi: 
Sir, is there any acquisition which is like at the moment, which we are looking to close within, 
say, this quarter or the next? Or that would be hard to comment on? And secondly, sir, what is 
the impact of dollar appreciation on our EBITDA because see, dollar has gone up to 82. So, in 
this quarter, are we seeing tailwinds to our EBITDA margins because it's already one month, so 
this quarter is also over. So, how are you seeing that impact? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So, I think you have two questions. One was for me to comment on acquisitions that might 
happen with respect to timing. I certainly want to stay out of jail. So, I will let you know about 
it once it's happened. 
 
Then you had a second question with respect to impact of foreign exchange. We have had some 
impact of foreign exchange on our revenues. We had an impact of 4% of foreign exchange on 
the revenues. However, given that euro and GBP has been down, the impact on profitability has 
not been very rapid. 
Siddharth Basi: 
Thank you so much, sir. All the best for the future. And hopefully, we will be again having a 
conversation in better global, globally better times. Thank you so much. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Sounds good. Thank you. And again, thanks for your kind words. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So, most of my questions have been answered, and the management did a wonderful job at 
answering all the detailed questions. So, my question was a bit more about our long-term 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
approach. So, what as I see at in these uncertain times we are investing and purely making a very 
good foundational base. So, what do we see, what is our aim for maybe next 3 years FY25 or 
something that we could share so that, you know, we can get a good favor of our long term? 
Because I think we will be able to achieve a lot of good growth when the environment is in our 
favor. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
You are very right. I think two quarters ago, we created a goal for ourselves for the CLG business 
to reach $450 million by FY27 and a 5-year plan for the SNC business to hit 1,200 crores. And 
we are staying true to that plan. While I know that the soft macroeconomic situation is not going 
to allow us to achieve as much organically as we had expected, but the strong balance sheet that 
we have, we will use that balance sheet strength to be able to achieve that growth. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Just in the interest of time, we are at 4:10, and I think there are a number of people asking 
questions. Just if you can request everybody to keep their questions brief and maybe maximum 
two questions at a time and we can have another round. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nemish Shah from Emkay Investment 
Managers. 
Nemish Shah: 
So, I just wanted to understand the sequential dip in the CLG business that we are seeing. Will 
that be primarily attributable to the large client that you called out in your opening remarks or? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Mostly right, that's exactly how we have guided. But there is some compression with our existing 
customers also. So, it's a combination of a significant compression in a large customer and some 
compression with our existing customers owing to the current economic situation. 
Nemish Shah: 
So, ex of that large customer also, there would have been some decline on a substantial basis. Is 
that understanding correct? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
No. I think, like I pointed out, we saw compression in some of our existing customers. We saw 
a significant compression in one customer, as we have pointed out. And that's really the core to 
the Q-o-Q decline 
Nemish Shah: 
And I just wanted to understand the guidance that’s the sequential Q-on-Q growth that you 
guided for in the coming two quarters, does that include any inorganic acquisition as well? Or it 
is from the current business? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
No, this is organic. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Just one thing. The client addition has been very strong for us. Is there some metrics or, you 
know, if you can share ex of the ramp down of a large account, how the growth has been? And 
I mean, the majority of last 12 months addition in the customers, how could, I mean, if you can 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
share something about how these clients will ramp up? And is there is some slowness in the 
ramp-up of these accounts given the macroeconomic situation? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So, I think like you pointed out, we have had strong new contract additions. The velocity is good. 
We have been adding at about three new customers each quarter. Like I pointed out, answering 
the question of a previous caller, while we had significant compression with one of our 
customers, we did see a number of our other customers hitting COVID levels, which had 
improved in the previous year. 
 
So, a number of customers had increased their consumption in FY22, but they are trending 
towards COVID levels of training consumption given the uncertainty and deferment and 
avoidance with respect to discretionary expenses. 
 
 The new customers that we have added are starting to contribute. It often takes about 5 to 6 
months for a new customer to get to a material level. And for example, currently, we had three 
customers who are in transition, and we expect to see those customers to start contributing to 
our top line and bottom line starting Q3. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Understood. So, two follow-ups here. One is, is there some slowness in the ramp-up for the new 
customers? One is that. And second, Yes, I think, for now that's it. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I won't say there is a slowness in ramping up. Like I pointed out, it often takes 3 to 6 months for 
the customer to transition their work to NIIT, and I think we are seeing that side. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And the other follow-up was, I mean, obviously, we are confident that ramp down from the 
COVID level won't happen, right? That's our understanding. Right? And is there some risk to 
that assumption of ours? How do you see that? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
It's hard to tell. COVID was unprecedented, and what at least I am able to see doesn't seem to 
be unprecedented. COVID saw unemployment levels become very significant. We are not seeing 
that. So, I think while there is uncertainty, we don't see the environment anywhere close to being 
as similar to COVID levels. 
Sameer Dosani: 
So, there can be some more pressure now given, I mean, the situation is evolving, right? So, do 
we expect this to happen? You already have seen volumes going down for some of our 
customers. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I didn't follow your question. 
Sameer Dosani: 
So, I am saying FY22 has seen some recovery in terms of volumes from COVID. Now all these 
customers are again adding back to COVID levels. We are reducing volumes, right? So, do you 
think there is more to come in terms of decrease in volumes? That's it. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
No. Like I pointed out, see, when people see uncertainty, they pull back. But when they see 
continued similar situation, they will start releasing because they have to run their business as 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
well. So, we are seeing a little bit of jerkiness in response, which is human, but as organizations 
start looking at the future and say, okay, this is reality, what are we going to do, they will start 
increasing their spend on training. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Shah from Jeetay Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Aman Shah: 
Sir, just wanted to know the acquisition of KNOLSKAPE that we did. It appears like we will be 
acquiring 5.88% in that. What is our nature of investment in this company? It does not look to 
be strategic given the small stake that we have post conversion. So, is it more of a financial 
investment? Or how are we going to use this as a synergistic way to our growth?  
 
And second is on the consideration that we gave for this company. Based on trailing revenue, it 
appears like 7x of sales multiple that we would pay. So, is that like a fast growth rate that we are 
seeing on sales that that's why we had this consideration paid off? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So, I would want to point out first that it's not an acquisition. It is a strategic investment. Second, 
it is a fast-growth company. Third, their products have synergy with the way our customers 
consume training. They are simulation oriented. It gives us the ability to bring their portfolio of 
products and combine that portfolio with our managed services way of offering training in a 
managed training services form. So, it is synergistic, and that's the reason for the investment. 
Aman Shah: 
And sir, the second was on this MTS customer. Last year that we had 16 customer additions to 
our MTS end. H1, we already have around 7 customer additions. Is there some visibility of the 
-- we will have a growth in the total addition of MTS customers in FY23? Would you think of 
some visibility is there? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Yes, we have a very strong pipeline, and I think we will be ahead of the numbers that we did in 
the previous year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Daniel from Entropy Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Daniel: 
So, this is more of a bookkeeping question. You have 3,300 staff. So, what would be the 
approximate breakup of the staff, I mean, in terms of what kind of work they are doing? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
We are a training company. So, our staff includes people who create training materials, people 
who deliver training, which is instructors, and people who administer and manage training 
programs. That's really a large majority of our staff. 
Jay Daniel: 
And sales and marketing would be? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Yes. I mean, sales and marketing is a much smaller percentage. But the large bulk of our staff 
are around creation of training materials, delivering of training and management of, large scale 
management offering. 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Jay Daniel: 
Because your physical infrastructure has closed down. So, I was just wondering, I mean, why 
do you require so many people? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Because we create and deliver a lot of training. We are among the top 5 provider of managed 
training services in the world. 
Jay Daniel: 
And this project retailer, if I were to look at your block professional and technical outsourcing 
expenses around 75 crores, and they have gone up quite substantially on a year-on-year basis. 
So, is this completely variable in nature? Or how do we look at these costs? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Yes, these are variable in nature. 
Jay Daniel: 
Because it's gone up more than revenue. That's why, I mean, your revenue growth has not been 
to the extent of increase in this cost. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Yes, we have increased variability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential AMC. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Just one clarification. So, we have already pointed out that our CLG business is more towards 
the regulatory side of the service. So, hiring freeze by a lot of these companies globally, is that 
impacting us? Will that affect us? Or how should we look at it?  
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Here's how I would say it. About 35% of our business comes from technology and telecom 
companies. And the hiring freezes are predominantly or at least what we have heard so far are 
predominantly from the tech sector in the United States. And a lot of what we do is to teach 
technical skills to employees of tech companies or telecom companies. And if they hire less, 
then it does impact consumption of training. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And I mean, I don't know whether we can do it or not, but can you discuss, I mean, if you can 
just break down what part would be the reskilling part and what would be the hiring part? Is 
there something that we should look? Or is it like overall, it will impact on an overall level? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I think it impacts on an overall level. Whenever someone joins a company, they get onboarded. 
That's the first training that they get. And then, I mean, the more employees you have, the more 
training you will consume. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And overall, I think there is a trend of moving from customized training to off-the-shelf training. 
If you can speak about how that trend is playing out? And will that trend actually accelerate or 
deaccelerate during uncertain macro? If you can just throw some light around that, thanks. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Actually, I would say the trend in high-performing organizations is the reverse of what we just 
said. The large, high-performance companies try to consume training that is designed for them 
because that's significantly more efficient and effective for them. And most of our customers are 
of the size that they can afford to go to customized training programs, given their size and scale. 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
So, we are seeing a trend amongst high-performing organizations who are consuming more 
customized training programs. And we think that that trend is likely to accelerate and become 
adopted more widely. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Understood. And lastly, if you can just throw some light on competition because the number of 
clients that you are acquiring, and I assume these are big clients, right, the Fortune 1000, Fortune 
2000 clients. For a company of our size, how is the competition faring? Is there some struggle? 
Are we struggling with the volatility in the business? And how are these winning businesses? 
Because the number of client additions that you've done is very good. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
At least my read of competition is that we are ahead of the pack. 
Vijay Thadani: 
From declared results of whatever competition we know, we are ahead of the pack. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Yes, ahead of the pack.  
Vijay Thadani: 
Our win rates also a number of times we bid, a number of times we win, I think better than this 
pack. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Rahul Jain: 
Just wanted to understand the way our guidance and performance have played out over last 
several quarters. We were kind of very conservative in the previous fiscal while we continue to 
do better both on growth and margin. And now it's kind of with worsening macro moving in the 
other direction where we are cutting back to that in terms of guidance for growth and margin. 
So, now when we read your outlook at this point, it's kind of becoming a little confusing from 
the sense that we were very conservative, and now it seems like we were underestimating the 
pain. So, in those light, you know, what could be the stand? Is it like now we are far more 
conservative now in our thought process given that macros are very, very uncertain? Or this is 
just simple plain vanilla, what is the best visibility you have right now is what you are saying? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Look, our goal is to be as transparent as we can be with you. Our goal is not to misguide you. 
So, you should look at it as a projection that we see is viable. 
Rahul Jain: 
And in terms of the growth and profitability of the CLG business, is there any way that you 
could say that okay, now with the kind of the business growth and the kind of a cost base and 
also the mix of virtual versus on-site delivery of the training, what are the ideal growth rate on 
profitability that one should anticipate in this business on a more structural basis? Even if you 
give a band, I think that is also okay. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
See, I think from a mid-term, long-term perspective, this business is a 2020 business, like I have 
said. Of course, there is uncertainty in the market, and that's creating uncertainty in our forecast 
and a little bit of choppiness. But I think from an overall perspective, this is a 2020 business. I 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
have said this many times. even when we were growing at 35%, I said the same thing from a 
long-term perspective, it is a 2020 business. 
Rahul Jain: 
So, basically, like 3 to 5 years CAGR basis, 2020 is an achievable number for this band of the 
business. And just quickly if I could squeeze in one more, in terms of the new customer addition, 
which has been quite consistent for us while we are seeing some softness in existing customers 
in terms of consumption of the payment, so is there any way you are reading that in terms of 
your net new and existing new deal and also some net, like what is the behavior reading that you 
can take out? Is it like people want to outsource and those are the customers that are giving you 
this new opportunity while existing customers, they may have pressure at their own business 
level is where we are seeing the pain? Is there any clear readout out of the customer's behavior 
based on the interaction and also in terms of what kind of business they are asking you for?  
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Look, I have been in this business for the last three recessions. And every time there is a recession 
the outsourcing trend improves. We have seen it the last three times, and we expect to see the 
same thing. Now this time around, our velocity of customer acquisition actually has been high 
through the recession, and I expect it to continue to be high because we have continuously made 
accelerating investments or disproportionate investments in sales and marketing, which we will 
continue to make. 
 
Second, our position in the market has improved successively as well. So, we expect to continue 
to increase the velocity of customer acquisition. But like you pointed out, I would echo what you 
said that as organizations start seeing a recessionary trend, they pulled out, they go towards 
outsourcing as a method of transforming themselves. 
Rahul Jain: 
So, we may see a pent-up. We can potentially see a pent-up like we just saw just after the COVID 
that is a possibility given the situation you are sensing? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Yes, we will see an outsourcing activity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Vijay Thadani: 
If there are no more questions, thank you very much for your time and all the questions that you 
asked. As I have mentioned before, each of your questions give us an opportunity to think. So, 
these are very educated sessions for us. And certainly, we take your suggestions as well as 
comments very seriously.  
 
Sapnesh alluded to that, said it clearly, I am repeating it. Our purpose is to give you a lay of the 
land as we see it. And there are uncertainties in the environment. Within that uncertainty for us 
to be able to say what we want to say is based on facts and figures that are available to us. Can 
these facts and figures change over a period of time? They can, nothing, but we will keep you 
informed. We do have the benefit of getting to understand it a little faster than you get to now. 
So, to that extent, we will remain very transparent with you. But at this point of time, we do 

 
NIIT Limited 
October 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
believe that quarter-on-quarter growth will be possible in CLG as we go forward, and SNC is on 
a strong track. 
 
So, on this happy end, of course, we will continue to look for inorganic opportunities. We have 
put some substantially more effort in recent times as well. And hopefully, those will give some 
results. So, on this note, I thank you once again, and we look forward to speaking to you either 
one-on-one or on other forum. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of NIIT Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
