Date: 03.11.2022
To
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra(E),
Mumbai -400051
NSE Symbol- DATAPATTNS
To
BSE Limited
25th Floor, P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai- 400 001
Company Code: 543428
Sub: Disclosure under SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Rrequirements), RegulaƟons, 2015-
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call
Dear Sir/Madam,
Further to our earlier inƟmaƟon regarding the earnings call to be held on Tuesday, 01st November, 2022 for
the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2022, please ﬁnd
enclosed herewith the transcript of the same.
We request you to take this inƟmaƟon on record.
For Data PaƩerns (India) Limited
Manvi Bhasin
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer
Encl: as above
Digitally signed by MANVI BHASIN
DN: C=IN, O=PERSONAL, T=1378, 
OID.2.5.4.65=f0b27f303e3cc8a6da91f9
5551bd598964aab888271f2e5d3b2d48
d1b2c30046, PostalCode=110085, 
S=Delhi, 
SERIALNUMBER=3c0768b9bf1c50ea6
ce42f252de7b5cceaf6647f293b0599ec
1987d5424166aa, CN=MANVI BHASIN
Reason: I am the author of this 
document
Location: your signing location here
Date: 2022-11-03 16:34:44
Foxit Reader Version: 10.0.1
MANVI 
BHASI
N

Page 1 of 30 
 
  
 
 
“Data Patterns (India) Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 01, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. RANGARAJAN – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED  
 
MS. REKHA MURTHY RANGARAJAN – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATA SUBRAMANIAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MONALI JAIN – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call of 
Data Patterns hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Monali Jain from Go India advisors. Thank you, and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Monali Jain: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Data Patterns (India) Limited 
earnings call to discuss the Q2 and H1 FY 2023 results. We have on the call; Mr. S. Rangarajan, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Rekha Murthy Rangarajan, Whole-Time Director and 
Mr. Venkat Subramanian, Chief Financial Officer. 
We must remind you that the discussion in today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that company faces. Also 
please note that we have uploaded a revised presentation on exchanges. Please refer to the same 
for today's discussion. May I now request Mr. Rangarajan to take us through the company's 
business outlook and financial highlights, subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you, Monali. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today 
for our Q2 FY 2023 earnings con call. I hope you would have seen the results presentation, 
which has been uploaded as Monali just mentioned on the exchanges and on our website. While 
Venkat will take you through the results, I want to briefly touch upon the key highlights for this 
quarter. 
We have delivered the highest ever quarter two and H1 revenue. H 1 revenue increased 1.6 times 
in the last year same period with profit increasing by 1.5 times. When you look at the H1 results 
closely, you will see the gross margins have been maintained at 65%. Another key thing to notice 
is that development contracts contributed higher to the revenue and order this quarter. This is an 
important highlight because development contracts translated into production contracts in future 
and provide a good visibility for our future revenues. 
We have good visibility on our future performance, because of a strong order book. If you 
remember, in our last earnings call, I had mentioned that based on the advanced stages of 
negotiation, we are on track for INR 1,000 crores order book. I'm happy to report that our order 
book stands at over INR 880 crores as on date, highest ever for the company. A large proportion 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
of this is from development contracts it eventually turns into a production contracts, and hence 
we now have a very good idea about our medium-term revenue visibility. 
The order intake of INR 471 crores of Q2 has been much ahead of our expectations. Some of 
the large orders received in H1 were two radar orders from DRDO worth INR 362 crores. These 
are development orders, development and production orders worth INR 30 crores for Electronic 
Warfare. We also received an export order and production order from DPSU, totaling INR 22 
crores in the Avionics Naval systems segment, two more orders from DRDO for EW & 
Communication worth INR 40 crores are also received. 
Today, our order book is well-diversified. I'd like to spend a few moments and share my 
experience on the recently concluded DEFEXPO. Our capability in R&D, engineering and 
execution was well recognized and Data Patterns received Raksha Mantri Award for Excellence 
in Innovation and Technology for the year 2021, 2022. I need to add here that this is the first 
time a Raksha Mantri Award has been constituted in India, and we were the first recipient of this 
award, which has given in DEFEXPO. 
After many years and maybe for the first time in the last 30 years, India's private sector defense 
companies now has a support from the government, which had lacked for many decades. 
Honorable Defense Minister was clear and he said Aatmanirbharbharat in defense R&D 
synergistic approach will help us achieve Honorable PM, Modi’s vision of Make in India, make 
for the world. 
It's a golden period, and it will be a sunrise sector in future. The government has set the target 
of increasing defense production from $12 billion to $32 billion by 2025 and has a reserve of 
68% of the defense capital acquisitions for domestic procurement for the year 2022 to increase 
the participation of domestic industries in the defense sector. This will be worth approximately 
about INR 85,000 crores and 25% of this, INR 21,000 crores has been reserved for domestic 
private industry. A quarter of defense R&D budget has also been dedicated to industry-led R&D 
to encourage private players. 
We are uniquely positioned to benefit from the sectorial opportunity as we develop complete 
systems in-house. We also have the best-in-class manufacturing facilities. We have been 
expanding this facility and it will be ready by this quarter. We have a strong debt-free balance 
sheet and good working capital lines. 
Our strategic priority for the next two years is clearly laid out. We will be focusing on larger 
opportunities in radar, EW and the satellite business. Export markets will grow for us as we are 
working on multiple opportunities there. We will participate in over INR 20 billion to INR 30 
billion worth of contracts for the next three years to four years. These efforts should help us 
achieve our topline growth of 25% to 30% and delivered a strong ROE and ROCE of more than 
20%. I'll now hand over to Venkat for his comments. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We are happy to inform you that we have 
delivered a strong and the highest ever H1 performance. I will take you all through the financial 
performances for the quarter that had gone by. 
Our revenues in Q2 and H1 grew 1.5 times and 1.6 times year-on-year to INR 88 crores and INR 
156 crores, respectively. In H1, revenue from development orders contributed in line with our 
guidance. Gross margin for the quarter and half year have been maintained at 65% and the 
EBITDA margin at 33% in Q1 in line with our guidance. 
PAT during the quarter stood at INR 21 crores at a growth of 64% year-on-year. And for the H1 
it was at INR 35 crores at a growth of 52% year-on-year. EPS for the first half is at INR 6.80. 
We have spent till now for the new facility and the cash in the book is INR 68 crores at the end 
of H1. Working capital is well-managed at 367 days, slightly stretched inventory days due to 
planned buying ahead of time to mitigate delays due to semiconductor shortages and supply 
chain challenges. We will be able to maintain the working capital base in the range of 280 days 
to 300 days in the medium to long-term. Overall, H1 performance was quite strong, generating 
record revenues. Q4 still is a significant quarter, but we can see seasonality coming down 
gradually. 
With this, we will open the floor for question-and-answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone, who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sir first question is pertaining to the future orders that we likely to book in the next two quarters. 
We mentioned in the press release that there are INR 128 crores worth of orders that are 
negotiated, but you are yet to receive LOI. If you can throw some light on these orders? And 
also simultaneously for the Himshakti and Arudhra Radar, BEL mentioned in their call that they 
are likely to get these orders by end of this year. So in all probability, one should assume that 
these two orders will be getting subsequently from BEL in FY 2024? 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Regarding the INR 120-odd crores, which we have negotiated. A large part of it, about INR 70-
odd crores is for the LCA Mk 1A cockpit display, which we developed in 2005, now the 
contracts are being negotiated and we expect the order to come this month. The other one is L1 
or an automatic weapon loading system for tank. That also, I think the budgets have been 
released, so probably the order should come now. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
As regards Himshakti and Arudhra, we are awaiting contracts on BEL. And back-to-back, we 
should get some business from them, yes. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
So that should happen in 2024. And this L1 for tanks, should it be the balance of INR 55 crores, 
INR 60 crores volume? Or is it lower? 
Venkata Subramanian: 
INR 70-odd is nearly, INR 73 crores, INR 74 crores is for the cockpit displays and some few 
orders are there, smaller orders, and then about INR 30-odd crores for the weapon loader. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sorry, actually, it's not very clear, sir. If you can repeat that? 
Venkata Subramanian: 
More than INR 70 crores is for the cockpit display and about INR 30-odd crores is for the weapon 
loader, and then some other smaller contracts, which will add up to the INR 120 crores we talked 
about. 
S. Rangarajan: 
 
All of them are negotiated and finalized. It is only that we are yet to receive the contract on hand. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And second question is on this C-295 Aircraft, I think the initial order on Tata-Airbus JV for 40 
aircraft. But recently, some comments were made that there is a requirements for almost 2,000 
aircraft over next 15 years. So what -- I mean, right now, do we have any play or any component 
that are going into these aircraft? Or what can be the future opportunities, have we done any tie-
ups with this JV, if you can just share your perspective on this one? 
Venkata Subramanian: 
So this C-295 is an aero replacement, some 16 aircraft flyaway, and the rest 40 being produced 
by TSL. This will be built as for the original specification C-295 that is Tata will built. So on 
that, I don't think there is going to be any -- electronic system is going to be modified or changed. 
So that is not going to be there. 
The good thing is that the C-295 platform has been planned, now that it's going to be done in 
India, MOD, air force and navy and other people are planning few other requirements for using 
the C-295 platform other than only as a carrier of people. So there are discussions on clearances 
using it even COMJAM applications, maybe for a navigation like the P-8I, which you've done 
some equations like that, and using it as a follow-on jammer. Matter of fact, the enquiries in 
follow-on jammer has already been issued by headquarters, we are having some presentations 
done on a couple of days at the headquarters. 
So this will be full work with using modifying the aircraft and then building all the equipment 
on top of it. Our interest is to build the equipment, which anybody wants. We are already ahead 
of the curve in terms of building these equipment, the designs already on, a large part is already 
completed. So we're trying to reuse EW systems already what we've designed. So we are really 
working on that. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
We are also looking at collaborating as possible in such opportunities, if both minds meet then 
we should be able to do that. On top of that, we're also working [inaudible] for rental 13:02] per 
se, but other programs of Tata Advance Systems in the submarine [inaudible 0:13:08] got some 
few orders. We expect to build more in India rather than importing everything and integrating 
in India. 
That's what I will be always saying we need to build an ecosystem in India. I think platform 
vendors like Tata, if we can work with them and build other critical censors and equipment on 
board. That is the clearing, which is happening worldwide, and we need to see that this also 
happen in India. So yes, it's a good thing that Tata got this contract and setting up the 
infrastructure here. I'm sure lot of investors, lot more activity will come to India and people like 
us will also participate in the activity. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
So in future, you can have the navigation system and jammers integrated… 
Venkata Subramanian: 
We don't know for sure. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And last question sir, is on the BrahMos, the organization BrahMos Aerospace made some 
comments and there is an opportunity of $5 million of exports of this system itself. And since 
we do the fire control systems over there and some testing equipment, if you can highlight what 
is the typical value of components that we supply in a standard BrahMos Aerospace system? 
How much of this $5 million can be the value of fire control systems and testing equipment? 
And secondly, is this -- again, is there single vendor or are there multiple vendors for these 
systems? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, I don't know what the $5 billion represents in terms of how many missiles, how many 
launchers, etcetera, only we will get configuration idea, we can comment on that. At the present 
moment, we are on the launcher business of BrahMos. We do the fire control system, which is 
what we call a ground-based launcher. We are also only the aircraft-based launcher, which is 
based on Su-30. There is also a discussion that the smaller missile is being planned to be inductor 
or tested. It will go into other platforms, in which case then we’ll be doing automatic choice 
since you have done for a larger missile on a large platform aircraft like Su-30, it become a 
choice -- hopefully, a choice in these requirements. 
So we expect some business to happen there. But we can't tell you for sure on the $5 billion, 
what exactly is our contribution, we will not be in a position to tell you now. But more 
importantly, we are also -- we have done the missile indigenous development that's been 
completed. We're expecting trials to happen – what DRDO is saying is that trials are expected 
in November, December. If the trials happen and successful, hopefully, if that is inducted into 
as part of an India missile program as part of BrahMos then that is also will be exciting if we 
can get back-to-back orders from them. And at the present moment, we need to await trials and 
see how the trials function and whether it really can get converted into business going ahead. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
But yes, BrahMos, we are long-term partners to BrahMos. So we expect the BrahMos growth. 
We also grow with that growth. What quantity percentage, I can't tell you, but yes they will also 
grow with that. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
But you are the single vendor for these systems, right? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Whatever we are doing today with the launcher, yes, we are single vendor both air and ground, 
hence we are single vendor. We also are a single vendor to all the test systems, missile test 
system earlier imported from Russia, indigence we developed this system for the last 10 years, 
plus we are developing the test system and delivering it to all services, Army, Navy and Air 
Force, obviously, through BrahMos. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wishes to ask a question, may press star and one. The next question 
is from the line of Shalini Gupta from East India Securities. Please go ahead. Shalini Gupta, may 
we request you to please unmute yourself if muted from your handset.  
Shalini Gupta: 
 
Yes. Can you hear me now? 
Moderator: 
 
Yes, we can hear you. Please go ahead. 
Shalini Gupta: 
So sir, what I was saying is that I started looking the sector. So I had a few basic queries if you 
could help me. Sir, one is that what is the different landscape, like for example, is it that a few 
companies are given a certain technology to develop, and then there is no further competition 
and no further outside competition, and then you keep supplying to the government. Because 
otherwise, if everybody is working on certain technologies that would be a lot of wasteful 
expenditure it seems to me?  
S. Rangarajan: 
So you see how this works is that look at it from the purpose of the Army, Navy, Air Force, they 
buy equipment, which is fielded for their use aircraft, ships, torpedoes, missiles, radars, 
whatever. So whoever can supply made the requirement, the tender is open, whoever wants 
participate in that requirement, they participate. 
Now early days, obviously, India was not designing anything. So DRDO was given a mandate 
to develop. So they had given budgets and programs, and they were developing the labs, 
developing the products, once it's field tested, they were actually handing over the technology 
to production or PSUs, and the PSUs, like BEL and HAL and BDL were getting direct orders 
from MOD fore execution purposes. This is all within the government perspective. 
And in DRDO when they outsource the development and design of subsystems, people like us 
participated, and once we participate, we've got the orders for the development plan, once 
development is over, then we become the OE for that part, which has been designed by us. So 
when BEL buys, gets order, further quantities from Air Force, Navy or Army, and back-to-back 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
have to necessarily buy these from us, and thus we become the OE has been designed and flight 
tested and qualified, you cannot at that point, go and redo it again. 
So like you said, wasteful expenditure and nobody has time and effort, because -- many years of 
development you can't repeat it. So that is the -- that is where the single tender business comes 
later on, after we go through open tenders, get contracts through the product, then later on 
production we get single tender business, that's what happens. 
So it's not that some people are selected, and you do this and you get single tender and for 
lifelong, you keep getting orders. No. It is a competitive lands way, and you have to win bids, 
developed products. So this is on the DRDO side. 
Now MOD said that we won't import anything now. Every tender will work for the Indian 
vendors, you can back-to-back tie up with foreign OEMs if you want. But mandatory, 50% 
Indian contender is there. So you need to do a lot more in India, and we've been in business, 
once you in business, you do this here. 
So people like us who actually want to build end systems, not gets the competence you’ll be 
doing with DRDO are now addressing the large market, saying that we build the end equipment 
ourselves without going to foreigners and getting this. So we want to build the equipment supply 
to ourselves in India. So there’s a Greenfield kind of market today, where everybody can 
approach anybody and then address the market requirements through proper tender process. 
We believe if it is designed in India, our cost of development and the IT costs, we will be able 
to contract if required and take a view on how to sell it, be more competence, and also meet the 
50% Indian contender as Government of India wants. So that is why the market is. The market 
is very huge and the market is just though started being addressable by Indians. So the market 
opportunity for scaling is enormous. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Yes, sir. Then the next question, obviously, is from where do you get the technology. If it's got 
to be developed indigenously, I mean, do you -- where do you get the technology from? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We have been designing products for the last 20 years or 30 years. The company is about 37 
years old. Ever since the company started, we've been designing products on our own in 
competition with foreign systems. So what we started doing is, if you look at any big box, it 
consist the number of building blocks. The building blocks are being imported by DRDO and 
some of the blocks is customized and done. 
What we decided, first when we entered this market 20 years back, whatever DRDO import from 
the standard parts from outsiders, we will design those systems here. So we started developing 
those systems. Gradually, our competency increased. We do across the stable electronics, we are 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
started building for all platforms space, air, water, underwater. So the competency increased, 
QA process, everything increased. 
Now we start building our own domain, our own radar. So we upgraded some radars non-defense 
applications like ISRO, tracking radar, etcetera. Understood what is we are too, we were what 
10, 15 years back. Now we build our own radars. So though we find it difficult, you have to 
persist in development. It's not an overhead job. It's a hard way up, because you're starting from 
building block onwards, build end systems. 
But the good thing is Internet is there, documents available, our engineers are very bright, given 
an opportunity and leadership and committed research, I'm sure we should be able to build a lot 
of new systems, which is what we're doing now. 
So we have taken a long and large -- long journey of developing from scratch and building 
systems. Today, it is going to augur well for Data Patterns because that is what Indian Prime 
Minister wants, do in India. So while other people are trying to tie up, we are trying to see what 
best we can do ourselves here with limited tie-up can we build more here and be more cost 
effective and support the program for longer ride. 
So yes, it is difficult. But second portion also is yes, we can design it yes, without drawing to go 
abroad and get things done, it is also possible in areas where we have developed over the last 20 
years competency. We can continue to build on those competencies. 
Shalini Gupta: 
 
And most of the -- all the engineers that are working with you, they're all Indian? 
S. Rangarajan: 
In our office, we have about -- as of yesterday, we had about 520-odd engineers working with 
us, all are Indians. We take fresh engineers from college and train them. We have about 1,000 
people working now with us overall, and out of which 520 odd are in design and development 
and QC and whatever. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Yes, sir. My last question is that you, yourself mentioned that about INR 80,000 crores worth of 
defense orders have been given out, where it being given out for the current year that is financial 
year ‘23. Now going forward, say, three years or five years from now, where do you see this 
INR 80,000 crores going up to? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Defense budget on capex today is about INR 1.2 lakhs crores or something, and we do 3% to 
5% to 7% increase year-on-year. And based on our neighbors and the kind of tenders 
negotiations we have, we continue to expenditure on defense, who is going to be bear. So what 
happens is we have early been importing systems, and there are appropriate contracts for 
Dassault, for many other contractors are there. So that also limits the budget, which is accessible 
to Indians today. So as we go along, more and more of this budget, which is the India is spending, 
if there don’t import it then these all directly G2G contracts, it will then be addressed to more 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
tender here. And once more that has done, this will be addressed by the Indian vendor. So I see 
scaling happening on the expense pattern on Indian contribution in all these tenders going up 
substantively as you go along. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
questions from all participants, I will request you to please limit your questions to two per 
participants. If you have a follow-up question, you may rejoin the queue. The next question is 
from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
 
Yes. So just on the working capital, which seems to have got stretched… 
S. Rangarajan: 
 
Yes. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And why we understand the increase in inventory, maybe for semiconductors, but we've also 
seen an increase in receivables. And given that we've had a decent order flow in the first half 
and particularly in the second quarter of almost INR 400 crores plus, the advances for these 
orders don't seem to reflect in your balance sheet to that extent, ideally one should have got at 
least a 15% advance or 10% advance, bur our current liabilities don't reflect the same. 
So in light of that, if you can help us understand what's happening with receivables, why this 
stretch because -- this year, they have -- you mentioned that there is a certain amount set aside 
for domestic procurement… 
Moderator: 
I’m sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Jones, but your voice is breaking in between. The question is not 
clearly audible. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
 
Is it audible now? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I'll explain whatever we could hear, two parts of it. One on the stress receivables, inventory. One 
part of the stress inventory is because we are buying more materials, which you also mentioned, 
material we're buying not only for execution this year, but execution next year also, because 
whatever components we ordered last year, some of them -- some few pieces of those 
components have not been received even at September, October this year. 
So what happens is that puts us in a very great difficulty, because there are some components in 
stock. But one component is not there, so I can't design the equipment. So to avoid these things, 
now what happens, we're taking advanced decision on expected contracts also, because we need 
to keep the delivery mechanism on. We are new to this kind of a market. And we've been -- it's 
a yearly business all along for us, we’re trying to build a quarter-to-quarter business now and 
even out the quarters rather than having 80%, 85% in Q4. 
So in order to do that, we need to see the material availability flow should not be stop. So our 
focus is to see that material availability is there. So consequently, the inventory buildup is 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
happening, but we're not worried about it because this has all changed. And we're buying 
material only for contracts on hand. So it's not a -- meaning expected contract thing. So it’s not 
an issue. 
So we will -- the next two years time, you'll see things is coming down as and when the shortage 
supply in inventory position in electronic parts gets down. All the renewables, see, these are 
during development orders and even the first production orders, the first order always the 
acceptance test system and producers take a long time, because in the development orders, we 
deliver part of the system. We don't deliver a full systems. And they get the rest of things and 
then go through acceptance test and do the field trials, sometimes the trial gets stretched, 
sometimes changes and it's really after they do the trial. So they hold some money to see that we 
can do this. 
This is part of the way India works or government works, and this is a business, which we are 
in. But the good thing is after that is done, it because single vendor contract with a big contract 
come, then there are problems are not so many. We get very clear acceptance processes, and we 
will deliver and the money collection is faster. 
Initial years, the development contracts are major then the development converts merger 
production contracts, you see the working outflow, better time lines, everything will come down. 
And these are actually one stretched with a few contracts, very large development contract, 
actually get stretched. And those are the things, which we see reflecting the value in a number 
of days. 
Having said that, we’ve also now started delivering directly to MOD, but that is also a learning 
business because the first time you're doing with MOD. And these are not contracts, which has 
been developed, designed earlier, and approval has not happened, because MOD is in shortage 
to us. 
And though we have designed it, the acceptance process, MODs way of acceptance, all of them 
is also a bit new to us. They're going through the process. These are all learning curves in early 
days. So I don't -- I'm not too worried, because it's a hug-huge opportunities for us and this is 
the first time anything in India has been designed from scratch and then delivered, and it's a very 
complex radar. 
So I'm glad to say that the first radar we delivered in March, the acceptance is already over. So 
the bill pricing will happen. The second radar is the installation; third is acceptance, factory 
expenses are over and dispatches it. So it's early days, so things will change. So we're not very 
worried about the receivable status for the time being. We will come back to the receivable 
status. The way we plan between 270, 280 period of days in the next medium-term -- short to 
medium-term, we'll be getting very much there. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
Second part of the question was in the advance. The orders we received INR 470-odd crores for 
the last quarter, the bank guarantees have been made and given to them. We expect the advance 
to start coming in. But then those advances are not shown in working account, Venkat can you 
explain this. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Yes. See, advances are not only on the current liabilities, both on the current and non-current 
liabilities are decline. As of 30th September, it is around INR 39 crores, which is reflected under 
other non-current liabilities and other current liabilities in respective sections, because it is 
bifurcated based on the anything of advances based on the delivery period. 
S. Rangarajan: 
And on the large orders we received last quarter, the advances will be coming this quarter. And 
next quarter, you will see those advances or deposits in our bank. You will see that, that will go 
up to a couple of INR 150 crores kind of advances are expected in the next one month, 2.5 
months time. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And how should one think through, sir, because you have a decent pipeline of orders at least for 
the next 12 months, 18 months, clear visibility, so over this period, is procurement of inventories 
largely done in anticipation of those orders or that will further elevate the level of inventories as 
and when those orders come in? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, one thing is, since our gross volume is reasonable, the aircraft components, even if you 
order a bit, it is not really a large percentage of sales. So that is one comfort point we have. Those 
are designed by us in India. But coming back to the question, you said, they're not in very small 
areas where the orders 100% go to come, and they have an accelerated delivery program, which 
the customer has told us earlier, we start buying components. 
But the major orders, production orders, and we have a stretched delivery of one year to two 
years' time or a stage-wise delivery. We do not order the parts, except the first stage when we 
required, that also we don't out of the parts and inventory. The orders for INR 800 crores has 
come, and more INR 300-odd crores in just a new design. So when we have design completions, 
the components are finalized and orders can be place. And this is a two year delivery product 
about 18 months, 20 months. So we have not ordered any material for those. But some 
component orders we have placed, but that is all with from clear understanding of orders 
available components. What needs to be ordered, which is going to be long lead time and there 
can be a problem of pressure only those we order. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And my last question was, sir, if we  build in these orders that you have set in your pipeline, and 
which you've spoken about earlier, say, by the end of FY ‘24 or FY ‘25, all of these orders were 
to come to you, how would the state of the order book look like, today given that we've back the 
massive order on the developmental side, but if you can give us a state of your order book, say, 
FY ‘24 or FY ‘25, how would that look like? 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
I wish, again, say, for certain really. I can only say pipeline exists, but I have no control over the 
timing of the order. There were more than a couple of thousand crores, at minimum INR 2,000 
crores of pipeline created, which is to be signal vendor orders on us. But we had to wait and 
watch when this enquiry is going to BEL or HAL and back-to-back when orders come to us. 
But having said that, we're also working on other contracts where we expect that the some more 
contracts will happen for new areas where we are, again, uniquely positioned in terms of product 
capabilities and development already carried out. So we're not just depending on the pipeline 
stated earlier orders. We're also generating more pipeline for ourselves with unique probabilities 
where [inaudible 0:34:31] contracts were also expected. 
So -- but having said that with an overview, I can't really be specific exact number of orders, 
because I can’t say, and I have no control over it. Pipeline is strong that is all I can tell you at 
the moment. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
 
Sure, sir. This is helpful. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram:  
Hello. Am I audible? 
S. Rangarajan: 
 
Yes. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Congrats on good execution given the challenging environment. Sir, just one thing, which I 
would like to understand is the gross margin, which was lower. So despite there is a cooling in 
commodity prices, and we have executed more of development order, we were expecting the 
gross margins to improve. So what led to this? And what's your outlook there? 
S. Rangarajan: 
On the first part, which your assumption is cooling in commodity prices, that is not true for 
electronics, because of -- actually because of COVID, all component prices have gone up. It is 
not cooling. It's actually gone up, because components are in short supply. And because of short 
supply, there are a lot of in between traders who make money on it. So component price has 
actually gone up. It's not come down. Maybe it will come down again next year or so. But as of 
now, the component prices are not ready to come down. 
But really away from the fact we’ll talk about gross margin. See, gross margin is not based on 
contracts and projects. It is not uniform across projects, because it depends on budget, it depends 
on whether it's a single vendor, whether it's tender, limited tender or open tender, based on which 
on competitiveness we quote. So it varies from contract-to-contract. So we can't really say every 
unit has the same gross margin. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
Having said that, what we're giving guidance is that on an overall year, we should have going 
forward whatever we have already quoted, and we know which contract you're executing. I think 
this year we'll maintain gross margin around 65%, which is what we are mentioning. And we 
have retained that for the first half, we have maintained that, we have achieved 65%. We'll 
continue to do that. 
What you're talking about is countdown from two year to this year, because there are a couple 
of contracts last year, which is much a higher gross margin. So that is how it was reflected. But 
that could be very large contracts, if the same order comes again, maybe the drop size go up, but 
we are retaining guidance of 65% gross margin for this year. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And another thing was the most of the order intake we have got in H1 is developmental orders, 
which are a longer term in terms of execution. And they will still stretch our balance sheet, 
because this will add to our receivables going forward. So, which are all these -- any particular 
color you can put regarding the development orders, which you have got any promising in that 
if you can add some more details on what kind of development orders that we have got? 
Anything that you would like to highlight? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See in the last quarter, INR 400-odd crores orders developmental order we have shown, INR 
360 crores is for two radars. This is a very-very important strategic radar. This is space 
surveillance, where India has to protect it’s space. So we're trying to build the largest radar for 
India will be these two. But what has happened today is for a change, DRDO decided that as a 
radar, full radar we will outsource this as a contract, only software build right. That is including 
generators, building, everything included as a full radar. And we were very keen to do this, 
because what we are doing is a radar, which is downsized 20 times from the actual size of the 
radar. 
So the electronics will be common. Of course, the building facility, power, all those model 
equipment, which you integrate this will be different. But the electronic blocks, which is 
designed for this will be multiplied as is where is, because you will not design it again. It is a 
development contract for that. So we build a radar. We built two radars, one in UHF, the other 
is [inaudible 38:49], and these will be very long range radar about 4,000 kilometers tracking. 
So once this is finished, we expected that 10 to 15 times, the size of radar will be contracted on 
us, because we've done the original development we know what we expect. So the order size 
will be very high, and many radars of that to cover Indian space will be required, which will go 
5,000, 6,000 kilometers inside space to find out. It's a very largest radar developed or design or 
produced or even installed in India. 
So that is the important thing on the radar. And that's why we took this, it’s a very strategic radar 
and launcher can scale substantially after we delivered the first system. And it's supposed to be 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
slated for delivery in the next 18 months or so, 19 months, 21 months. So it's not too long-term. 
So we can do this.  
And also here, we get 30% advance plus on material ordering, we get another 30% advance. So 
cash flow also is taken care of in this contract, of course, against bank guarantee. But yes, at 
least capital is covered and we take care of expenses on this contract. So that's also okay. 
But the other question is development contracts tend to be delayed. Those days, yes, but these 
are now less than two years because a whole lot of development we've done earlier. So we tend 
to reuse a lot of development skills which we have, so we are able to address this. Acceptances 
takes a longer time, but that's okay. That is okay, in the larger scheme of things, where growth 
is going to be substantial, I think we can accommodate all this with the margins available. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So then will next year growth will be kind of limited because most of the orders we are getting 
is developmental. So where is this growth going to come next year? 
Management: 
These orders are not executed this year, no? These are going to be executed next year. So we 
expect very reasonable growth next year. Because these orders we are getting now is going to 
be executed next year. We are not executing this year. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Yes, but sir, it's-- instead of production, it's more of development, right? So if production is one 
year, development will be two years, right? Execution, time frame? 
Management: 
Don't look at it like that rather size is so large, is that the development, so-called development, 
we don't do in one electronic box. There are 3,000 boxes which goes into one radar. So it as 
good as a production contract. We do the development in six to eight months time, go, test the 
subsystems, after we get into production mode because the radar size is very-very large, a huge 
system. 
So, you know, it's as good as production though the parts are being designed first time, but finally 
it becomes a production. But anyway, for this contract to repeat, maybe three years it may take, 
but that time the size of the contract will be INR 5,000 crores or around that. I don't know exact 
value, I shouldn't say that, but it is expected to be a few thousand crores is what this can propel 
itself. 
So this is good. But having said that, this, we have other contracts which we are getting which 
will go into production, whatever we developed earlier days. For example, like Sandeep was 
asking from JM, the Himshakti, Arudhra kind of things, which repeat orders have to come. The 
size of business is not as large. LLTR or Ashwini can be much larger. But all this will come and 
those are production contracts. This will go up to year after next year something will go. The 
pipeline is there to take care of the order flow and the increase which we estimate to scale. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So because this orders of Arudhra and Ashwini is still getting delayed, so that is why we were a 
bit worried. 
Management: 
We are worried about it. Because we have other contracts to compensate. We are getting new 
contracts, some more development contracts are expected and we have already started design 
for the development contracts, so that we are ahead of time we deliver those systems. So that is 
why we have increased our manpower strength. We built up more than 120, 140 engineers we 
recruited. 
So we're doing all lot of things to see that we scale, we deliver on time or ahead of time because 
you want to keep that development team guys there. They look at large-large opportunities, 
MOD is throwing out at us. More than just DRDO, we are looking at MOD tenders and they are 
the system level development has to be done, which is challenging and which is interesting. So 
we want to actually look at that to scale our growth is each order being few hundred corers to 
few thousand crores. This is what we need to really look at. And the scale can happen from there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
There's two questions from my side. Just wanted to check with you, on the RF seekers which are 
developing from BrahMos missile. Are you going to have a competition for these seekers or it 
will be solely being right now developed by you?  
Management: 
There are two vendors selected for this. Data Patterns and the ECIL. So based on delivery 
acceptance, if both are working well, I think we will divide the contracts if it all comes. And 
then based on delivery, both will be delivered depending on how they want to see. They wanted 
to have a public sector also attached or just a private sector when the contract is taken. So ECIL 
also be there as part of this program. The only difference is we design everything in this. ECIL 
has bought an integrated number of subsystems. But competition-wise, yes, we can also work 
with them going ahead is what we think. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Is there a possibility that it could be split between you and ECIL? So let's say you get army and 
air force, which is your concrete base in BrahMos, whereas they may get for ship or submarine 
is that something which is a possibility? 
Management: 
That is not how they will see it, it is a missile part, it goes into the missile. So for that the seeker 
is common, so it does not matter where the application goes, the army or navy, they look at 
number of missiles and see number of units and that is all expected because this is something 
which BrahMos has to decide. 
So I really do not know, first we will await the trials, let the trials get over and then after which 
we will both of us will go and will ask him to see if it's done in India rather than abroad because 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
Indian cost is less than 50% of the foreign import cost. And there is a move to do more in India. 
So it doesn't make sense really to import it, as long as you meet and exceed specifications. So 
we'll wait and watch the trials happen and then see where it goes. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And then as you mentioned at the start of the call in November, December, the trials are 
expected. And how many number of trials will be there and by where the results will be out, any 
timeline that you can suggest?  
Management: 
At the moment, they want a cap two trial on using a Su-30, that will be the first trial. And if that 
is successful, they want to go to a missile trial. The result has been identified and kept. So you 
do one launch. Depending on the trial success, they will say whether more launches are necessary 
or will they say initial some more pieces have been produced and some more launches will take 
place. I really don't know because we have not come to that level now. So we have to do this 
trial. So suppose we have done one year back, there's a lot of delays. So we're all waiting for the 
trials to happen very anxiously. Let it happen and then we'll know where to take it from now.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
And the second question is on the satellite business, how are you seeing the order pipeline there? 
Because earlier you were saying that radar, your EW system and avionics were the three major 
segments where you were seeing growth. Now you have also set satellites as well. So are you 
seeing any activity or anything which happened in the defense sector which you can highlight 
on the satellite side would be helpful, sir? 
Management: 
As of now satellite is in the mind. It is a latent demand in India for different satellites but it is 
not been translated into actual contracts. So we are still working. We have built a capability 
model to build the entire satellite including ground stations. We done the systems on a small 
demonstration capability or a nano satellite. We have launched nano satellites, we have ordered 
nano satellites in delivery, but these are all small things. 
To us, why we took this up is a technology demonstration. We have spent seven years, eight 
years and developed complete competency of building the entire satellite ourselves with no 
imports, including ground stations, the telecommunication, tele-command, and satellites are 
working three years, four years, they are still getting signals all properly. 
So that capability and experience we already gain now, we can build a KMKG satellite but we 
are waiting how government of India will look at other than ISRO. How are they going to 
contract these things we do not know? So we are trying to work with ISRO to see how we can 
do this on a commercial level. So it is still a way in the one, but I think sooner than later it will 
get translated to what we believe because we need to build an ecosystem, we need to do this on 
a system level. 
We can’t do what we are doing and expect us to change substantially. The good thing is India is 
one of the states foreign nations. Very few are there in the world and we have a competitive 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
model which is very-very good. So you should from perspective of competency and capability 
and strength, if you want to build on your strength, we need to do this and industry has to 
participate in a very-very strong way, including design and development rather than producing 
for ISRO. 
So I think the change will happen. And change happens we will be ready. So we are going ahead 
of market curve and building our competency. Matter of fact, the nano-satellites of ISRO, they 
buy all the parts from us, including ground station, rather than single vendor. So there is an 
understanding that we are a reliable supplier, we have a competency model. ISRO also knows 
that. I hope it translates in business earlier than later. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Sir, I wanted to understand on the working capital side. If you could make us understand how 
does the working capital differ in production contract versus development contract? How are the 
advances different and something on that side? So that was my first question. Secondly, on the 
20 million to 30 million kind of orders that you are mentioning, are they largely single vendor 
contracts and across which regions, which areas are we looking at these particular contracts?  
And thirdly on the order book, INR 850 crores order book that we are having, what is the 
execution period over there? You mentioned about the INR 360 crores radars, the strategic radar 
which is there, the majority of that will execute in the next quarter of the year, but if you could 
throw some more light as to how these INR 850 crores will get executed over the coming two 
years? So those were the questions.  
Management: 
I did not hear the second question, we will answer the first and third properly, then come back 
to the second, I want repeat of that. As far as the production contract is concerned, again, it 
depends on contract. -- contracts from production contracts from the PSUs, they sometimes give 
advance, sometimes they don't, but not exceeding 15%. And then MOD contracts also have 15% 
-- 10% to 15% is the advance which comes from those kind of contracts. 
But the good thing about production contracts is who they give value of the contract, they give 
the advance or the whole value. There are deliverables every quarter or every year depending on 
the need. And it is not necessarily all orders are executed in a single year. It probably sometimes 
goes to two years or three years' time, in which case then we can plan our quarter-to-quarter half 
year the delivery. And that as you deliver, you get the rest of the money for the deliverables. So 
part payment under the answer. This is how the advance has worked on the production contracts. 
And in -- okay, the second point is you talk about order book or INR 80-odd crores, what is the 
order book. There are development contracts and production contracts with order book. I think 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
most of the order, except for one order, which is three years, four years old, which is -- no, that 
still not been booked at all in this. 
All the other orders are generally less than two -- or two years ago, except single order, BrahMos 
is about three years, but that's a small part of the overall business, INR 150 crores. So I think 
these orders on hand and what we have now will get executed in the next 24 months is what I 
think, two years, probably a executed. 
And on the development contract, you talked about that radar order is also 21-month delivery 
program. We got the order couple of months back. So let us see over the end of the year, we see 
we can dispatch from beginning year after next. -- the second question, I didn’t hear properly. If 
you can repeat it, I can answer that.  
Mihir Manohar: 
So the second question was on INR 2,000 crore to INR 3,000 crores kind of an inflow that we 
are expecting in the next three to four years. So I mean, are these largely single vendor contracts? 
And in which areas are we expecting these orders to come in? 
Management: 
Yes, whatever orders we say we expect it be only single vendor contract, because I can't talk 
about tender situation. Because we do not know it's a 0 1 situation, either win or lose the contract. 
So we don't talk about it. I'm talking about executed orders, why we say single vendor is because 
already we've executed this an open tender sometime back, delivered the product and repeat 
requirements are expected by MOD business either directly to us are mostly through DPSUs. So 
this is why the pipeline we're talking about? 
And coming to the second part of the question is, it is in this 2,000, 3,000, the large value is 
going to be radar because this is what we've delivered in 2015, '16, which has all been accepted. 
-- and well is the production agencies, Radar order should come to us. So some things are in 
electronic warfare. Again, BEL is a large -- is a final system integrator for -- and the delivery of 
the EW systems for India. So back to back, they should also give back these orders. 
Third area can be again, EW and communication systems. The HAL may be the recipient of this 
because they do their full systems in aircraft, then back to back, we may get the orders from 
them. And fourth is the Avionics, which has been done in open tender with DRDO or with HAL. 
We won contracts in open tender HAL and then repeat orders from HAL is now coming. 
The good thing is that because of Indian program try to do in India and reduce imports, whatever 
HAL imported in cockpit displays and things like that earlier, they're saying can we use data 
product display in those aircrafts also because we want Indian content here and the government 
is pushing for Indian content. So that change is also happening. So unexpected contracts also we 
may get in the years to come as they change from an import centric procurement, to a local 
procurement. Maybe we will get some additional business. But anyway, these are all the kind of 
contracts we're talking and this should be a single vendor.  

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
Mihir Manohar: 
And just a clarification, in the earlier comment, our CFO sir mentioned that you would resume 
INR 100 crores to INR 150 crores kind of advances in the next one to one and half months? So 
the number is INR 100 crores kind of advances? 
Management: 
Yes. These are the radar orders already we got. The bank guarantees have been given, so back-
to-back advance has come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
questions from all participants. Can you limit your questions to two per participant. The next 
question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital. Please go ahead.  
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, just on the single vendor contract, which you mentioned INR 2,000 crores to INR 3,000 
crores of opportunity. So is it safe to assume that your margins on these contracts won't go down 
considering that you had supplied it back then and it is a repeat requirement. So there is a price 
cap, of course, you won't go below that price and would there be any escalation on these 
contracts? 
Management: 
Normally, I would say yes. This is what we want to have. Margins should be there. Then also, 
of course, there is a dollar portion in this. So there is a dollar variation cost, we need to bring in 
and talk to customers. We have to discuss with the customers see when the actual numbers come. 
But normally, it should be is what we would like to have. 
Escalation also happens because supply many years our costs have gone up. Also, the component 
costs, prices also goes up with a number of years newer company will be cheaper, the older 
company can be larger value. So we will have to sit down and discuss this with the some of the 
customer and arrive at a number. But it would be roughly around the same range, if not higher, 
it should be on range, what we would expect. 
But we will wait and watch, because when you go production, there are other costs also involved 
and you do multiply the same system, you need to build in test infrastructure. There are some 
overheads in that, we go some capex would have to come into picture. So these are things we 
have to explain to customers to see that we can make it reasonably -- we can deliver this as we've 
delivered earlier. I can't comment on it I don't think that should be -- at the present moment, we 
can't talk about it, but it should be in similar lines.  
Akshay Kothari: 
And sir, which brings me to the next question on the capex. You had guided that you could do 
around INR 650 crores, INR 700 crores of revenue from the current capex with current existing 
facility. So considering we have got a very good order book are there any plans for further capex? 
Management: 
Already, what we've done now is to double the infrastructure in terms of production capability 
we have one we can place automatic line in now order one more is coming, some more vibration 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
cable, some more thermosetting changes, some more testing. We've added a lot of stuff as part 
of this, which we ordered last year and things have started coming in now. 
So more than INR 100-odd crores of the infrastructure investments being made to double our 
capacity or even take it further. But on top of that, we also have created a different kind of 
infrastructure, where we can do end equipment from a box build or avionics kind of typical 
thing, which you're doing for subsystems with DRDO, today we're trying to mature into an MOD 
business, which is the full systems, full radars. 
So we have a hangar space created where 10 tons gantries there, you can pick in material, we 
can bring in 10 to 15 vehicles inside trucks and outfit trucks -- put our electronic warfare 
equipment, put truck mounted radar, things like that we created infrastructure what we would 
require for future business, that also is being created finally. 
And the idea is that for MOD, we need to have test infrastructure or we need to demonstrate the 
systems as part of contract requirements. So we created infrastructure for all of them also so that 
we can build the systems, take it to remote tenders, see the need in large contracts. 
So on larger capex for infrastructure we already incurred what capex we will do in terms of 
production order happens. When we save parts, multiple times production qualities increase, we 
need some test infrastructure for to see that we can produce 100 and 500 instead of 5 and 10 that 
line has to be set up. For the line, we may have to add some capex that will be depending on the 
project. And depending on the project requirements, the capex will be taken care of. But that 
will be expensed out of the project itself. We will not be -- these around what we're doing in 
general infrastructure. But what we will do there is the projects which we infrastructure, which 
will be part of the cost of the program itself. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. May we request the participant to please rejoin the queue. We have 
participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yellapu 
Santosh from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yellapu Santosh: 
I had a couple of questions. I joined the call a bit late. I would be very thankful if you could 
please share the details of the radar order that we are reporting under order inflow of INR 360-
odd crores for this quarter one? And second, we have shared in Slide 30 few programs like radars 
for NUH, next generation SDR for fighter aircraft, Next-Gen RWR for fighter aircraft and Next-
gen COMINT, where we have developed the prototypes and delivered is my reading. So what is 
the status of these four programs from a mass production order? Thank you. 
Management: 
The first is, we've got two orders for space surveillance. This is given as an order, a contract for 
the entire radar, not just the electronic subsystems. And those are the orders, which is a very 
good order in our mind. Because this is going to scale. It's a very large order. Later, when you 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
go in multiple times the size of the radar. This will be part of the down size radar, which we're 
doing. 
So it's going to be good. So this is an exciting contract for us. So we took this. That is the first 
part. On the second part of question for NUH, SDR, we had a prototype NUH radar it’s been 
delivered last year when they want to try test it on [inaudible 0:60:20] based on which we are 
expecting some more contracts to happen. And here also we have for Air Force, for fighter 
aircrafts, we have delivered the first sets and some additional orders have come for ground 
systems also, not currently under testing. 
They expect more contracts to happen. These are all coming in development mode in DRDO. 
After DRDO really clears this on all flight test, maybe Air Force will consider it, we do not know 
at the present moment, but we have delivered those systems. Similarly COMINT on ground 
COMINT, we have delivered the systems in acceptance trials now. So RWR again we delivered, 
it is flying in the LCA trials, it is successful, more trials are expected and more versions of the 
RWR are also in order. 
We have also delivered a very fast track delivery we did last month. So, we are delivering 
systems with DRDO once and that is all going to go into flight. But flight test and further orders 
is not going to be in the next few months. It will take some time because aircraft trials take long 
time. But yes, these are all world class systems. We expect things to happen positively in all of 
them. The systems are working well and these are world class. Hopefully all this will make sure 
the input production contracts earlier than later. 
Yellapu Santosh: 
And just lastly, on these four orders, is there any other competitor also who has shared or 
developed this or given the prototype to the respective DRDO labs? 
Management: 
For these four orders that I just talked? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Not in India. 
Yellapu Santosh: 
None of the Indian companies you are mentioning? Is my reading right? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participated are requested to please limit the questions to one per participant. The 
next question is from the line of Sahil Sharma from SS Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sahil Sharma: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers, sir. What I wanted to understand is in terms of our 
engagement with the government entities, let's say, we are doing some development contracts. 
Typically, what percentage of such contracts mature into production contracts and typically, 
what is the scale up like? Like if the development contract is for X rupees, then what can the 
production contract be like for in a range terms?  

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, very difficult to answer it in a quantitative way. We also learned with 20 odd years of 
working in this with the DRDO development, we find that very small subsystems which we 
developed really doesn't immediately mature into production contracts. So what we have learned 
with the maturity and engagement with various government entities, try to be selective in what 
you want to do. Where we believe the chances of production contracts where we are scaling is 
going to happen. 
So we've been really selective in the last few years where to go. Second thing what we also did 
is we are not really participating in very small, one-off, you know, PCP level contracts. We 
actually look at a contract or radar, we do a large part of radar, maybe 60%, 70%, 80% of the 
electronic, maybe 100% of the electronic. 
So very large part is being done by us. That also, if the program is successful, then also there's 
a large success probability that this is going to produce in numbers or quantities which are not 
going to be reflected will happen. Because it's not going to go to any, any small things and 
integrate a lot of issues. Actually we integrate and give now. So the probability of failure is very, 
very low. So it will do the end application 100% for sure. 
So that is one way we are trying to see mitigates risk of whether repeat order will happen or not 
happen. Second is we take a large portion of contract, which converts all of electronics, 
mechanical systems, where multi-disciplinary technology is involved, which makes it difficult 
for some other organization to get to do this. But also, see that we solved all the problems 
internally. So that is the way we are doing. 
So we can't give you a reason, but I'm thinking that today as we, in the last two years whatever 
development we've done, I think largely maybe 90% all of them to mature into production 
contracts. When it will do I do not know, but we have done our end of the job, it all works as 
per specifications. So I would expect that it should all go into mature production contract. 
It is more important now that than earlier because government is very clear, that made in India 
solutions available. They're not going to allow imports. So we agree and as long as we have been 
world class and the customer, the user, the Army, Navy, Air Force is happy with what has been 
delivered to them. I don't see why they want to look outside. That's a broad engagement, I can 
tell you.  
Sahil Sharma: 
And sir, in terms of like scale, like how much is the scale up, for example, you mentioned that 
you delivered some radars in 2015, '16. And now we can see as a result of that, you are getting 
large orders. So like how -- what has the scale up being like this?  
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, see this is again, it depends on the program. So to give you the project-based numbers, for 
example, RADAR, NPR, Ashwini, Arudhra, they did one and we as part of it. They are on track 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
for eight radars. If it is Ashwini, then we did a large part of the electronics, which is 18 radars. 
So this depends on project, depending on the requirements. 
The other question is platform specific things. For example, if you say RWR or SDR, if it is 
going to be put in LCA, the number of LCA requirements, Mark 1A, then Mark 2, then MCA, 
then it is going to put in MIG, MIG already let’s say they are importing it, Su-30 which is going 
to come, Su-30 numbers are 250. So we do not know how the upgrade program is going to go, 
but the numbers can be large and it can be varied, it can be more over many years because they 
can’t down all the aircrafts. 
So there are two points, one is project, second is programs like this airborne program where 
numbers can be larger. Otherwise when MOD buys, they buy specific quantities. So it is limited 
to the specific quantities. Though we call it production, because it is not one-off, we call it 
production. If it is radio, for example, maybe radio will be 1000, maybe 140, maybe 2000. So 
that is how the vendors come. But it is not one. So it is duplicates, multiple size of what the 
initial. It will be much larger and it is distributed over many years so it gives you stability..  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, may I request Mr. Sahil Sharma, please rejoin the queue. We have participants 
waiting for their turn. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead.  
Aditya: 
So as the company will be getting into more system integration jobs rather than just being a 
component or sub component manufacturer to get higher value orders. I wanted to understand, 
how is the company be able to compete with players like BEL and other private players who are 
much bigger than us -- so can we manage the capabilities these guys have? And which are the 
areas you think we may fair better against them and secondly, will the margins also see your 
growth… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Aditya, may we request you to please restrict the queries to one.  
Aditya: 
Yes. So this is the second part of the question, what will the margin see a drop? Because these 
players are making 20% to 25% while we are making 40% plus margin. So should we see a drop 
in margins in the future?  
S. Rangarajan: 
See, first is can you compete with players, see we are going to address opportunities where we 
believe we are better players than the competitors. That is when we will try to address the market. 
See, the difference is that we do ground up design and development, whereas somebody does 
integration, the cost of the product is far higher for them than for us. And if you've already 
written-off the development cost and revenue expenses in the previous year -- and that's much 
more confident that we can price it now to worrying what development cost you can do this.  

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
Second what we do is we build the building blocks and build the end systems. Building blocks 
allows us to go and address various different kinds of products, whereas a distribute 
development cost over many things. So we have a different model to do this. This model is 
tough, because it takes enormous number of years to come up with the competency model and 
product model here, but that is behind us. 
So now the opportunity is a large, so we should be able to look at it. Yes, we believe we can 
compete with them. We have a own, it is a multidisciplinary subject which we have. We build 
our own electronics, we build our software, we build our IP, we build our mechanical system, 
the structures, we design everything in-house, we manufacture everything here except 
mechanical. 
We integrate, we test, validate, we have full certification process for all platforms. So we built 
up a competency matrix, we can address the market. So we can do it. As far as margins are 
concerned, I don't know why you say, yes, obviously margins are slightly more, because we 
design everything. If somebody buys, that margin which is buying on from the other companies 
is also ours because we have a raw material cost. 
So our margins will be higher than others. But then I can use this margin to be, as a bargaining 
margin, we can compete better, we can reduce margin and compete. So going ahead if the 
integrated systems come into picture, margins will probably shrink, but revenue will go up, 
bottom line will go up. So we need to do that. But the point, second point he made is BEL is 
making 20%, but I don't know because the bottom line is very high in BEL. 
You know though the turnover is there, look at the bottom line is 18% to 20% which is quite 
high. So obviously they are also making margin somewhere on single vendor contracts. But 
effectively what he is saying is true but we will have a better margin because design IP margin 
also are there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Alisha Mahawla 
Just wanted to know what is the margin differential between our production and development 
orders?  
Venkata Subramanian: 
If the production is followed or developed in contracts, the margins will be same. In the 
production order, the so-called tender contracts or MOD tenders, it is going to be competition 
driven. So the margins vary with respect to contract and the competitive scenario. And how big 
the contract is and what is the appetite to take the contract. So it will be more competitive little 
bit than this. But if it is earlier developed contracts resulting in production contract, price is 
already been fixed, the price discovery process is over. So one would expect the normal course 
of action, similar margins.  

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So the reason for asking this question is that while we've seen almost 60% growth H1 ‘23 over 
‘22, it also coincides with higher developmental revenue and hence a larger shrink in the gross 
margin than the EBITDA margin. And now that the order book is also more skewed towards the 
development contracts, just wanted to understand the margin trajectory and hence the question? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, development contracts doesn't mean margins will be less. Actually, development contracts 
should be more, but we absorb the development costs ourselves. Because we competitive on 
those tenders. So again, it is based on competition and pricing that each contract has different 
kinds of margin numbers. Again, what we say is we attempt to keep this at 60% level this year 
is what we are saying, based on contracts which we will execute this year, we have some idea 
what our costs are. So I am telling you this. 
Going ahead, if you are going to quote for an MOD tender or something else, it is going to be 
very contract specific. One differentiator is that, since we work with others who also buy and 
integrate and we design from scratch everything, our margin should be on a better higher scale 
than the others, subject to everything else being same. That's all I'm saying. So we will drive for 
a slightly higher margin business because we need that margin to push our contracts and do more 
development in India. We are not trading on any parts. So our margins are slightly higher. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
No, I understand that. But when we talk about higher margins at 40%, this is industry leading 
margins. I just want to -- and while for this year, the company is fairly certain of maintaining 
these margins, just wanted to understand going forward, what seems like a more sustainable 
number in light of how our order book is currently scheme? 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Yes, EBITDA margins should be around 40% now, maybe I’ll come to 35%, 37% depending on 
the contract mix of contracts which we do and how we want to scale. Scaling doubling was you 
know 1.5 times, 1.7 times we do and we call it competitive margin. Obviously we need to look 
at how if bought outs are more, then the margins will come down. If it is only electronics, our 
margins remain. But we have to buy power systems, buildings, trucks, etcetera, obviously we 
cannot keep those kind of margins. We need to get the end product so the margins will come 
down. 
So that is why I am saying it will be very specific to contracts, we can't say. Till now we've been 
doing largely electronics, so margins have been there. So integrated margins will come down, 
but it's okay, because the size of the order which we're going to take is very-very large. So it is, 
I believe, it's on the right path and that is how the growth will happen. But we will maintain 
reasonably higher margins than others, because we do a lot of development in-house. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And in Himshakti and Arudhra … 
Moderator: 
Ms. Mahawla, we request you to please rejoin the queue? Thank you. The next question is from 
the line of Abhishek Singhal from Naredi Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
In the second half, 100 people will be hired which are less in compared to first half, any specific 
reason? And the new facility will also start in Q4. And any token order receipt for new facility? 
Thank you. 
Management: 
First question is, what did you say? H2 is higher than H1. What did you say? 
Abhishek Singhal: 
In the second half, 100 people will be hired which are less in compared to first half. Any specific 
reasons and also new facility starting Q4? 
Management: 
No, I don’t understand the first question. In the second half, 150, what I didn’t understand, what 
did you mean? 
Abhishek Singhal: 
In second half, 100 people will be hired, which are less in compared to first half, any specific 
reason? And also we start a new facility in Q4? 
Management: 
See, people hiring is an ongoing activity in the office. It is nothing to quarter or half. We hire 
continuously hire people based on need. We believe we are scaling the company substantively 
and we need capacity building at all levels. So from senior management to hires, to marketing, 
to program management, to at management level, plus engineering level, design level, we are 
going to hire people all around. So this will go on and this is nothing to do with H1 or H2. Only 
thing is what really happens is after June, July, a lot of people join because that is when the 
colleges get over and July, August they start joining. So, but that's the only reason, otherwise we 
keep hiring. 
As far as quarter four is concerned, we are seeing the facilities, already part of the facility we 
started utilizing. The first part, the Precision approach radar, we delivered to, we quickly finished 
that portion of the facility so that I can integrate the facility, integrate the radar there. So last 
March, that is 22nd March, we actually had the first radar installed there in one part of the facility 
and the acceptance test was done by Navy there. And then June, the second part was accepted 
that is done by Navy. 
Third one is done by Air Force in September we dispatch. So some part of the facility on the 
radar hanger already utilizing, rest of the facilities are getting completed and then over a period 
of time we will move because we do not want to upset our existing production. So the equipment 
is coming in new also and we are putting in the existing production facility and then slowly 
change it, slowly move into the other facility in cases. 
Abhishek Singhal:  
And any token order received for new facility? 
Management: 
No, it is not a new thing which where we need to get an order for the facility. Existing contracts 
will also be done in the facility. Actually, we are going to move production from this facility, 
new facility fully in over the next six months. Because that will be dedicated production 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
infrastructure we’ll convert this to, development infrastructure in the existing facility and R&D 
testing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jatin Jadhav an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Good afternoon first of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Based on the presentation, 
you've given on Page number 24, you said proposed expansion of INR 30 crores towards 
upgrading and expanding existing facilities. So the guidance which you have given is including 
this or excluding this? 
Management: 
It's all as per original plan. We're not doing anything which is not part of plan. We're actually 
spending more revenue on the infrastructure. The thing as part of the infrastructure spend, the 
last quarter, we have capital work in progress in the side INR 30 crores  
Jatin Jadhav: 
And the second question is the export turnover. What are the major clients in the export turnover, 
who are the major clients, if you could just share some light? 
Management: 
Major turnover export turnover from UK is for an airborne Avionics, which is designed for them. 
I'm quite happy we displaced some 100-odd system for the last five years. More orders had 
expected. -- and we got some more developed not existing client for an airborne system where 
development is also done in production than the assets. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Okay. And just one final question….. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Jadhav request you to please re-join the queue, we have participants in the queue. The next 
question is from the line of Narendra Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Narendra: 
So you mentioned that the Indian defense market has huge opportunities for our company. So 
my question would be what kind of opportunities do you see in the export market? And also 
what are the restrictions that would prevent us from exploiting these opportunities? 
Management: 
Indian defense is largely import centric, and that has been opened out to Indians. So the 
opportunity is going to be largely Indian now. First you need to prove the systems in Indian 
scenario -- before, we expect end systems to be exported. It would happen and parts of systems 
can export. 
For example, most exports is happening, is on build to print. The design has been done abroad. 
They've come here in India to reduce the cost or get manufacturer reduce the cost or because 
they're obligatory for them to do offsets. So that is the kind of the imports, most of the exports 
you're doing. Some amount of development imports also happening when people like us a little 
bit is happening. 
We expect to scale that as we go along. But the size of business, what we are expecting in the 
Indian market is going to outpace the export by leaps and bounds. But yes, we would want to 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
maintain exports. We have quoted with some location in Europe. We expect an order, radar 
order, our radar also to be exported to the NATO country. 
We expect the contract to happen in the next month or so. It will be declared L1. So it has to 
happen. But then these are one-off systems. We are also trying to work with South Korea, trying 
to do what we are doing in India, can we export to South Korea. We also exported one system 
like that to South Korea, about a $1 million-odd to Korea two years back. 
Some more orders are expected in different configurations. So we are looking at it, but our active 
participation is more on an Indian context because there is a huge-huge opportunity here. And 
the focus is to address an opportunity which is a greenfield opportunity in India, compete with 
the foreigners and build here. That's where we are. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirom Kapur from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please 
go ahead. 
Shirom Kapur: 
I was just wondering if you could give us a split with any production contracts of which ones, 
how much comes from a tender versus what comes from the initial development contract that 
transfers into production? Do you have a split on that? 
Management: 
Yes, if you look at it, I'm not immediately, I'm not able to give you a split, but I'll tell you, the 
large production contract we got on a tender business is precision approach radar, which is about 
INR 40 crores to INR 80 crores including maintenance, or INR 250-odd crores for the delivery 
of radars. That is a large production contract on tender base. But rest of the development 
contracts, what we get is also tender based. 
And what happens based on previous tender development contracts we got, it seems it is 
successful, a variance of that is required for various contracts. DRDO has given us some 
contracts for this adaptation on the aircrafts. Those come on single vendor. So that is really what 
happens. And once that is completed trials, then companies like HAL or BEL who have get the 
production orders of end system gives us single vendor contract which we term as production 
contracts. 
This is how it happens on all of them. So production contracts if it comes from HAL and BEL 
will be only single vendor contracts. If it is MOD, even though we call it production, this is 
against the tender, it will all be only tender contract because MOD will not give a single vendor 
contract. 
Third, mostly development contracts. and DRDO is open tender, open limited tender, but off 
late we are also getting single vendor contracts in development mode also because of a 
competency model which is there, we do end-to-end, we are able to do and there is a time 
constraint for delivery to end users then we are able to get customers are willing to look at Data 
Patterns or single vendor contracts because delivery constraints are very, they are nine months 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 01, 2022 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
delivery, six months delivery and you do that it becomes difficult for them and to split it into 
various vendors and give it because a common capability doesn’t exist in one company. In which 
case they come to us. 
I don’t know the ratios but this is how the contracts come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Management: 
Thank you very much for these interests and the questions asked. If you have further questions, 
which because of lack of time, we could not answer, kindly resend the questions to Go India 
Advisors. They will have them brought to us to give the appropriate answers. We can answer all 
the questions you have. We are very-very happy and grateful that you all participated in this in 
large numbers. Please be in touch and answer all the questions. 
As far as the market is concerned, the Indian market, our defense is growing. Again, I would 
recap. We believe that by doing the right strategy and a little bit of help from God, we should be 
able to grow quite well. We believe that we are in a good position at the present moment, quite 
excited and the opportunities lying ahead of us. Thank you. Thank you very much, all of you. 
Management: 
Thank you very much.  
Management: 
Thank you.  
Management: 
Thank you, Go India for organizing this. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India advisors that concludes  this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
