November 3, 2022 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department. 
PJ. Towers. 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543066 
SECURITY: Equity Shares/Debentures 
Dear Sirs, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex. 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: SBICARD 
SECURITY: Equity Shares 
Re: Disclosure under Re1rulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript - SBI Card 2O'FY23 Earnings 
Call 
In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on October 27, 2022 with analysts/investors, has been made 
available on the website of the Company at the below mentioned link. Further, the same 
is also attached herewith for reference. 
https: //www.sbicard.com/ en/who-we-are/analyst-investor-meeting.page 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Payal Mittal Chhabra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Ltd. 
DI F Infinity Towers, Tower C, 
7 2th rloor, Block 2, Building 3, 
DLF Cytier City, Gurugram · 7 '.22002, 
I laryuna, lndi3 
Tel.: 0124·4589803 
Email: customcrcare@sbicard. co1n 
Website: sbic.:ird .com 
Registered Office: 
Unit 407 & 402, 4th Floor, Aggarwal Millennium Tower, 
E 1,2,3, Netaji Subhash Place. Wazirpur, New Delhi - 110034 
CIN - L65999DL 7998PLC093849 
PAYAL MITTAL 
CHHABRA
Digitally signed by PAYAL 
MITTAL CHHABRA 
Date: 2022.11.03 16:07:06 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
MR. RAMA MOHAN RAO AMARA – MD & CEO  
MR. GIRISH BUDHIRAJA - CHIEF SALES & MARKETING OFFICER  
MS. APARNA KUPPUSWAMY - CHIEF RISK OFFICER  
MR. SANJEEV KHURANA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT-FINANCE  
 
 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
27 October 2022 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SBI Cards & Payment Services Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rama Mohan Rao 
Amara - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of SBI Cards. Thank you and over 
to you, Sir! 
Rama Mohan R Amara: Thank you Faizan. Good evening, everyone! I extend a warm welcome to all of you. Thank 
you for joining us for the earnings call for Q2 FY23 today. Hope you all had a great Diwali! 
It was pleasing to see the full festive fervor this season, after two years of caution-led 
restrictions. 
Buoyed by the festive zeal and driven by better sentiments on general economic situation 
and spending, the consumer confidence in the country has been on the recovery path. While 
the global economy continues to be turbulent, the Indian economy remains an oasis: 
a) Real GDP grew 13.5% YoY in Q1 FY23. 
b) Aggregate supply conditions have been improving. 
c) All constituents of domestic aggregate demand expanded YoY and exceeded their pre-
pandemic levels. 
Supported by these factors, credit card industry has also seen encouraging overall growth: 
a) Credit card spends have been consistently crossing Rs 1 lakh crore value for straight six 
months. 
b) Total industry spends were 53% higher YoY in September 2022 (September witnessed 
over Rs 1.2 lakh crore of spends due to an early start to the festival season). 
c) The total Cards-In-Force grew by about 19.5% Y-o-Y in September, but, recorded 
marginal reduction on a MoM basis as the RBI norms on in-active cards kicked in.  
(d) The industry has, in fact, seen interesting changes owing to new RBI regulations being 
implemented from July 1 and October 1, 2022, respectively. Industry witnessed reduction 
in CIF numbers as millions of Inactive cards got closed. We at SBI Card have always 
maintained and pursued the strategy of ‘fee-based’ cards. Since more than 95% of our 
portfolio consisted of spend or balance active cards, the effect on our portfolio due to this 
new RBI regulation has been limited. Our fee-based model has helped us in maintaining 
our 30 days spend active rate at 50% plus consistently. 
(e) Regulatory changes to OVL charges have come into effect from 1st October, impacting 
the OVL fee from this quarter. We have initiated measures to mitigate the impact of this 
change.  
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
27 October 2022 
In short-term, we will see volatility in industry card numbers, which is likely to stabilise in 
next couple of months. 
The growth story of Indian credit cards industry is intact, and the journey has just begun. 
Just to reiterate: 
a) Credit cards market remains largely underpenetrated. 
b) As per some reports, digital payments are accelerating in a big way and will constitute 
nearly 65% of all payments by 2026. Also, E-commerce continues to grow, it is expected to 
grow at the rate of 25-30% annually for the next five years. 
Most importantly, linking credit cards with UPI will expand the use cases for credit cards. 
According to NPCI, UPI user base is likely to grow from current 250 million approx. to up 
to 750 million in next five years, giving credit card customers more options to spend. As we 
see it today, we have many exciting milestones to achieve as an industry in the coming 
years.  
Let us now look at SBI cards business overview in Q2 FY2023 
I am pleased to share with you that SBI card continuous to deliver a healthy business 
growth and strong financial performance.  
• Our spend growth has been robust. Overall spend share has grown by about 43% year-on-
year in Q2 reaching 62,306 Crores. 
o Our spend market share stands at 18% for the half year, but exited the 
September month at 19%.  
o Retail spends continue to grow strong at 45% year-on-year and stood at 50,895 
Crores.  
o Corporate spend stood at 11,411 Crores in Q2 with 34% year-on-year growth. 
During the past few months, we had undertaken an exercise to calibrate and 
review our corporate accounts portfolio basis which we had exited a few low 
margin accounts resulting in moderation of corporate card spend volumes.  
• The increased e-commerce activities helped our online spends to grow. These now 
contribute a 57.8% share in retail spends, as of Q2 FY23, partly aided by the increased 
festive spends during last 10 days of September 2022. 
• In PoS too, we have seen a healthy growth, especially in categories, such as, electronics, 
hotels, restaurant, entertainment & furnishings. 
• Our revolver balances are rising in absolute numbers. However, the strong festival spends 
during the last 10 days of the September has led to a buildup of transactor NEA, resulting in 
lower percentage share of revolver asset as of September end. We have seen a high 
conversion of these festive spends into term assets similar to past trendlines. 
• We have over 14.8 million cards in force as of Q2 FY23 and we added about 1.3 million 
new accounts during the quarter, the highest ever during a quarter. The market share in 
Cards-In-Force stood at 19.1%. 
• Our customer acquisition has also been aided by end-to-end digital journeys implemented 
for both our ETB and NTB customers, enabling customer acquisition at lower cost as 
compared to traditional channels.  
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
27 October 2022 
• Our sustained growth during the quarter has been on the back of some key initiatives: 
o We expanded our core card portfolio and introduced Cashback SBI Card, an 
industry-first and the most comprehensive Cashback credit card ever.  The 
card witnessed high demand from customers, and we see it as a strong 
addition to our portfolio. 
• We also introduced 1600+ festive offers pan India. Along with national offers, we had also 
extended a large number of regional and hyperlocal offers across 2600 cities.  
Such initiatives have helped us maintain a higher share of active customers portfolio and 
more engaged customers: 
• Our 30 days spend active rate is at 50% plus. 
• Our spend per average card has grown from Rs 1.42 lakh in Q2 FY22 to Rs 1.71 lakh in Q2 
FY23. What is heartening is the increase in the average retail spend per card growing from 
Rs. 1.14 lakh in Q2FY22 to Rs1.40 lakh in Q2FY23. 
• At SBI Card, our customer-centric approach has always driven us to keep enhancing our 
customer’s experience. And our SBI Card SPRINT is the latest example. This end-to-end 
digital application platform enables customers to get an SBI credit card in less than 5 minutes.  
• All these efforts have led to robust growth in receivables.   
o Our receivables grew significantly by 41% YoY reaching Rs 37, 730 crores. 
o Receivable per card has grown to Rs 25, 445 in Q2 FY23 from Rs 21,257 in Q2 
FY22. 
• SBI card has been very active on ESG front. I am extremely happy and proud to share 
with you that we have seen a significant improvement in percentile in Dow Jones 
Sustainability Index Evaluation, leading to an improved performance overall by SBI Card. 
• I would like to reiterate that we have always kept a sharp eye on sustainability of the 
business, ensuring viable business practices throughout. We are committed to enhance our 
efforts in this direction so that we are able to positively impact more and more lives. 
Please allow me to now take you through the financial performance in Q2 FY23 
• Our resilient business model embedded on strong fundamentals have helped us deliver 
healthy profitable growth.  
• The Company has achieved the PAT of Rs 526 crores in Q2 FY23, a growth of 52% 
YoY. 
• Cost to income at 59.4% is driven by investments to drive business growth in terms of 
Higher volume of new accounts and to drive higher spends during festive season. The cost 
to income is expected to remain at elevated level as festive period is continuing in Q3FY23 
and our continued focus on increased new customer acquisition. 
• In Q2 FY23, receivables stood at Rs 37,730 crores with a growth of 41% YoY. 
• Our total revenue stood at Rs 3,453 crores and has grown at 31% YoY during the 
Quarter.  
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
27 October 2022 
• On asset quality: 
o Our Gross Credit cost percentage for the quarter is at 6.2% up from 5.6% in 
Q1FY23. The increase is largely driven by the Increase in stage 1 assets.  
o Our GNPA has come down to 2.14% as compared to 3.36% at Q2 FY22 and 
2.24% at Q1 FY23. Net NPA for the period is at 0.78% as compared to 0.91% at 
Q2 FY22 and 0.79% at Q1 FY23. 
• ROAA for the quarter ended Sept’22 is at 5.4%, which is higher by 41 bps as compared 
to 4.9% for Q2 FY22; and ROAE is over 24%, which is higher by 404 bps as compared to 
over 20% for Q2 FY22. 
• Our liquidity position continues to be strong and capital adequacy is at 23.2% for the 
period ended Sept’22. We maintained the LCR at a healthy 82% through the quarter. 
• Owing to rising interest rates, the COF has increased from 5.1% in Q1 FY23 to 5.4% in 
Q2 FY23. The full impact of higher rates will reflect in the subsequent quarter. 
In conclusion 
Due to global disturbances, external environment continues to be volatile. Though the 
domestic economy has been able to deal with these disturbances, it is still pertinent to be 
watchful. We remain optimistic about the future and believe there is plenty of room to 
expand the company portfolio, generate consistent profitable outcomes, and increase the 
value to all our stakeholders. With the festive season and the upcoming holidays season, we 
hope to also see a good traction in consumer discretionary spends. 
Having said that, we continue to maintain a cautious approach and take calibrated measures 
as the situation calls for in the future. 
So, Faizan now we are open for questions. 
Moderator:   
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Anuj Singla from Bank of America, please go ahead.  
Anuj Singla: 
Good evening, everyone, and thanks for the opportunity. The first question is on the NIM 
outlooks. When we look at the NIM for this quarter 12.3%, this is a multi quarter low, 
obviously reflection of the higher transactor and the higher funding cost as well. So, when 
we look at the drivers for the upcoming quarters, the funding cost is going to rise and 
probably offset by improvement in the asset mix. Can you guide us how should we look at 
the trend in this number maybe over the next couple of quarters? When can we expect it to 
increase to 13% or more in the coming quarters?  
Rama Mohan R Amara: Anuj, you are right. Given the kind of present situation, funding cost to increase further in 
the next quarter and the full impact will be felt in the next quarter. During the quarter, of 
course, there will be an opportunity to transmit the increase in the funding cost to the extent 
possible and there will also be some correction in the base or normalization of the base will 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
27 October 2022 
also happen with the festive spends maximum lasting up to end of October and some 
repayments will be there, so some base normalization will be there. We are confident that it 
(NIM) will be more or less may be with 10 to 20 basis points here and there it can be 
around the same range that is what we are expecting. 
Anuj Singla:  
Okay, in terms of cost of funding is it possible to give what kind of number increase we can 
see in the next quarter? 
Rama Mohan R Amara:  I did not get you Anuj can you repeat? 
Anuj Singla:  
Sir, cost of funding, what kind of increase can we see in the next quarter, sequential 
increase in the cost of funding. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: Cost of fund can increase by up to 40 to 50 basis point minimum, but what is shown in the 
deck perhaps is also colored slightly by the base effect also. Base also has a bearing, while 
we have actually seen 50 to 60 basis point as guided in the last quarter, full impact is not 
felt. It looks like 5.1% is increasing to 5.4% because of base effect, some of this effect will 
fade away so we are expecting another 40 to 50 basis points increase minimum in the cost 
of funds. 
Anuj Singla:  
Okay got it Sir. Second question is on the SBI cash back card, obviously very great product 
and some of the best cash back available in the market right now, so two things there, one, 
is there a number in mind on absolute side or percentage of outstanding cards where you 
would like to tap the contribution from this card as percentage or number of cards 
outstanding? And secondly, again the question to Girish on the economics of this card that 
is one of the key concerns that is going to be ROA dilutive so any colour you can provide 
on that. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: I think we are in the early stage. Our attempt is to first iron out all the kinks which are there 
in the journey and smoothen the process.  And of course, we also need to figure out what is 
the right way of reaching out potentially to the new customers, NTB kind of customers. I 
think it is too early to speculate like, what is the percentage, but definitely we would like 
the volumes to increase and that is the reason we put it on scalable platform like a digital 
platform, but Girish will update on the ROA dilution. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
First of all, the numbers have just started. We already have a base of almost 1.48 Crores 
cards so 14.8 million is already there. This number for Cashback card, as of now not even 
hundred thousand so it will take its time to grow the portfolio. Second thing is, as we had 
updated last time also when we were looking at the overall profitability of the product, we 
have put the product purely for customers who come through digital channels only and do 
straight through processing. We are seeing the benefits of that also. The monthly active rate, 
even though this portfolio is very new, is upwards of 70% plus for these customers. These 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
27 October 2022 
customers are very active, they are using the card. We are seeing better spends per card so, 
once we build the portfolio of at least 200-300 thousand we will be able to see the behavior 
and accordingly take, whatever if there is required, any action which is required, we will 
take but as of now as are as per plan and whatever we are saving in the cost of acquisition, 
we are putting it back as customer value proposition. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilanjan from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Nilanjan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Couple of questions so first one is on the ECL, while you 
mentioned about the higher transactor leading to the stage1 but there is also a foot note 
which talks about some impairment, if you could explain that and the quantum of that. The 
second is, if you can talk about revolver balance on a quarterly average basis so basically 
trying to exclude the last 10 days of spends and how would that be when compared to let us 
say the 26% that we reported in the first quarter. Also, if you can briefly touch upon how 
the spending in September and early October, is converting between EMI and revolver and 
finally, if you can talk also about lower employee cost sequentially and if there has been a 
change in the head count numbers? 
Rama Mohan R Amara: As I said initially in my speech also, the last 10 days of September witnessed a very good 
growth in the spends on account of our campaign with Amazon. If you take out the kind of 
spends over and above the normal run rate, we see that the revolver share will almost be 
equal to what we had at the end of June quarter so, in a way it is stable. We have seen a 
kind of growth in the absolute amount also, but obviously the growth is not in tune with 
overall asset growth that is the reason for decline in the share. Some ballpark estimate does 
indicate that the percentage of customers who are revolving is more or less stable, so that is 
not a concern. Revolver being slightly stagnant is a kind of industry phenomenon, but in 
terms of taking necessary steps whether we have taken necessary steps or not, we have 
taken all necessary steps. You would have seen from the investor deck also that we are 
permitting more of a self employed and CAT B kind of customers who have better 
propensity to revolve. We are hopeful, but the pace at which we were expecting obviously 
is the not the actual case. It is taking longer time like the entire industry. ECL question will 
be taken by Aparna. 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
If you are referring to the footnote on the asset quality base, that a small number of 2 Crores 
odd that relates to other assets, which are not credit card receivables. It is some other 
operational assets that we get. 
Nilanjan: 
There is also de-recognition. 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
So, these are security deposits. 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
27 October 2022 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
These are other asset related provisions so if you look at our overall impairment losses, out 
of Rs.996 crore for first half year, Rs.994 crore is related to credit cost. 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
It is a small number. It is for some other operational assets that we get. 
Nilanjan: 
The final one on the employee cost and the head counts if you can... 
Rama Mohan R Amara: I think employee cost if you are comparing quarter on quarter, the marginal reduction is 
perhaps pay out of PLP perhaps in the first quarter slightly would have... 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
I will just add to what Sir is saying. There is no change in headcount. In fact, it is 
marginally higher. The reason you are seeing that a little lower is our C&B cost is largely 
flattish. There is a change in actuarial estimates on long term employee benefits which is 
causing this to come lower versus last quarter. 
Nilanjan: 
Any quantification if at all possible. 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
10 Crores versus last quarter. 
Nilanjan: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dhaval Gada from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhaval Gada: 
Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions, first is relating to revolver book, it has 
been like almost one month from the quarter end. If you would give initial perspective of 
conversions into EMI and revolver that would be first question. The second is on the 
sourcing, could you just provide some colour on how the September sourcing was and in 
terms of contribution of direct sourcing in that since we just break it between BANCA and 
open market just if you could split that into direct as well that would be useful. So, what 
kind of run rate we ended the quarter and your commentary on how it is likely to move 
forward and the sourcing mix between direct and other sourcing. Thanks. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: Dhaval I will take the question on sourcing. I think we exited the quarter particularly in 
September with a gross issuance of more than 4 lakh 70 thousand cards. Contribution from 
SBI channel was around 40% in the month of September. As we guided in the past from the 
month of July onwards the BANCA sourcing started improving. We have been seeing 
improved traction in both August and September at around 40%. Now it is actually trending 
at 43% to 44% in terms of share in the overall sourcing. Of course with regard to what is the 
kind of number we are looking at going forward, our stated stance is we want to target a net 
growth of 300,000 cards which we almost achieved in the month of August when he 
reached 296,000 net growth, but later it is colored by some kind of attrition where we ended 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
27 October 2022 
up reporting like roughly minus 3000 kind of growth in the month of September due to 
closure of inactive accounts, but again October onwards we are expecting the volumes will 
continue and our expectation that we will continue to have a net growth of 300,000 
minimum that aspiration is there and we are confident of reaching that. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Festive season started somewhere September 23rd, 24th when the season sales started, and 
we have seen very good spends continuing in the month of October so festival season has 
been very strong till Diwali. The percentage of spends converting into EMI is higher than 
normal because, earlier as we had said that we would see a 10% conversion into the EMIs. 
This time, because it is festival season as well as more discretionary spending and more 
consumer durable spending happening, so we have seen a higher conversion into the term 
balances. Revolve, we will get to see in the month of November only, because it takes 40 to 
45 days and our payment cycle plus payment due date to be able to figure out how the 
payments have come back so we will be able to see that by mid of November to be able to 
report how much of that is going to revolve and, as MD Sir mentioned even in absolute 
terms from June to now the revolve balances have actually grown. It is because of the 
denominator impact that the percentages are looking. 
Dhaval Gada: 
Understood. thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajit Kumar from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Ajit Kumar:  
First question is on the attrition rate. Your attrition rate in both set of portfolios whether it is 
open market or SBI portfolio has gone up significantly in this quarter and as you said earlier 
impact of RBI circular on inactive cards have been limited for you so what is driving this 
high attrition in the portfolio. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: From the quarter you can make out for the kind of volumes what we have given versus what 
was the cards outstanding between both the quarters, last quarter and the current quarter, we 
have more than 7 lakh card kind of attrition is there out of which around 3.6 lakhs cards, the 
cards inactive for more than 12 months and closed is at 3.5 to 3.6 lakhs. The remaining is 
normal BAU attrition what we have, on account of both voluntary as well as involuntary. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Okay thank you. The second one is on the interchange fee, so interchange fee as percentage 
of spends has marginally gone down in this quarter to 1.38%. It used to be in the range of 
1.5% to 1.6% pre pandemic so when the large ticket size spends such as travel is back why 
is interchange fee not going up. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: Interchange fee as aggregate, is also a function of share of corporate spends which typically 
have a higher interchange and as you would have seen like quarter on quarter basis the 
share of corporate cards spends have come down so that majorly explains. 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
27 October 2022 
Girish Budhiraja: 
But on retail, the interchange has gone up because the travel component is stable in Q1 
versus Q2 and e-commerce has grown, so on the retail the interchange has actually gone up. 
The impact, as Sir said, is primarily because of the lower corporate spends. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Okay and any reason why corporate spends have come down? 
Rama Mohan R Amara: We said in the past also that competition intensity is very much there and is impacting the 
margins also, so we are revisiting our strategy for the last few months. We exited a few low 
margins, or a kind of negative return relationships and we are recalibrating our strategy. In 
the long term or at least the medium term we would like to take the share back to 22% to 
25% of the overall spends, but in a very calibrated manner we will improve the share of 
corporate spends. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Okay thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Hi Sir, good evening. My first question is on slide 10. If I look at the spend category 
especially the POS spend, category 2, 3, 4 are all lower on Y-o-Y basis Also category 4 
which is travel agents, hotels, airline again that is lower 5%. The total spends in that is 
lower 5% Y-o-Y. Why are these lower? the basic understanding was that spends are picking 
up across the board and also add the POS so can you explain this. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
First I will come on the travel. April, May, June is typically where the travel season is there, 
so the seasonality typically is that you will get higher spends in April, May, June quarter 
and then again in the November, December, January period. That is the standard 
seasonality. What we have seen however is that the decline in travel has not been what it 
used to be pre COVID numbers so actually travel is going fairly strong in terms of both 
lodging, airlines and all these categories so 5% change is what I would say is more or less 
stable in this category. On the point of sales spend...  
Abhishek Murarka: 
Sorry to interrupt but this is Q2 FY2023 over Q2 FY2022 so this is not a quarterly 
comparison right so there would not be a seasonality impact here. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
I think there is typo error we will have to correct it. It is I think over Q1 last quarter. This is 
total spend on each category. It is typo error. Thanking for pointing that out. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Okay sure and what about POS spends again that has come down Q-o-Q if this Q-o-Q data  
Girish Budhiraja: 
So overall if you look at it, POS spends has gone up. In the category, which is consumer 
durable, apparel because travel is mostly online category but in consumer durables and 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
27 October 2022 
apparels most of it has moved to online so if you look at online growth in consumer durable 
as in 39% and 212% because whole lot of e-commerce spends also gets categorized as 
apparel so online spends is increasing there. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Right. And just as a clarification the interchange between online and POS would be the 
same because it is on a MCC basis. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Yes absolutely. MCC as well as kind of card which is being used. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Yes perfect, so that explains it. The second one Sir is on yield. Now the drop on yield 
partially it would be explained by the mix of transactor revolver and all of that but there was 
also a regulation which said that you cannot charge penal fees, late fees etc., from the date 
of making the purchase if you have to charge it from the date it becomes overdue have those 
regulation also impacted your yield overall. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: The measures which have some potential impact on the revenue, have come into effect only 
from 1st October, I think. As RBI has given slightly extended timeline of 3 months for those 
measures so, September quarter will not reflect any of those changes. We may see the 
impact, in the quarter, October, November, December quarter. We will not be able to 
comment on to what degree this impact will be there but definitely there will be marginal 
impact, and to what extent that impact will be, quantification will take time. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Sir you would have done some sort of analysis or some sort of estimation of the kind of 
impact because if you are to offset it you would need to know what kind of impact is going 
to come so any kind of ballpark indication would be helpful. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: Materiality wise we have called it out clearly because the OVL fees the one where we saw a 
kind of impact. In fact, it accounts for 5% to 6% of the overall fee based income where now 
there is additional step involved before you permit over the limit of taking an explicit 
consent from the customer. So, in the initial days any such kind of measures I think unless 
the customer is aware, or consumer is aware they will not be able to exercise option so this 
one we have actually taken note of and called it our very clearly. It will take time to plough 
it back, rest of the things it is too early to comment. At least we did not consider them to be 
very material while definitely some negative impact will be there, but the ones which stands 
out is the OVL. There also we are looking at how do we create convenient customer journey 
where giving this consent or taking the consent from the customer becomes easy, we have 
been exploring so we are confident of plowing back most of it over a period of time. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Got it and Sir just one quick question in opex is there any kind of one off? 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
No nothing. No one offs. It has an impact of higher sourcing which is there versus last 
quarter. Our sourcing of newer accounts has gone up however the impact is not in similar 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
27 October 2022 
range because of the utilization of digital channels, our overall COA is trending lower 
versus last quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please 
proceed. 
Piran Engineer: 
Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple of ones, firstly you mentioned a 10% of 
your spends convert into EMI, can you give a similar breakup for how many convert 
into or what percentage of spends eventually revolve and also what percentage of your 
customers have ever revolved? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
On a percentage of spends going into revolve, there is no specific way to close that 
number because, the customer keeps changing from transactor to revolver on a month-
on-month basis. these days because of lot of EMI options are already available in front 
of the customer till payment due date so customers revolve as a short term funding 
requirement for themselves. The movement between customers changing from revolver 
to transactor and transactor to revolver is quite substantial. We have not declared ever 
revolve customers or the fully transactor customers but there are set of customers who 
are continuously transactors and there are a whole lot of customers who revolve 
occasionally. You can call it one time, two times, three times. There are some sloppy 
payers also who will forget to make the payment and end up revolving and come back 
in the next cycle so some of that continues to happen. 
Piran Engineer: 
Sir the next question is very basic? If someone has SimplySAVE or SimplyCLICK SBI 
Cards and wants the Cashback Card, do you then lower the credit limit on SimplySAVE 
or do you simply have to cancel one of the cards? Just want to get a sense of whether a 
lot of your existing customers itself in a way upgrade to the cash back cards. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
The customer will have an option of flipping it, if he feels like he is better off closing 
the existing card and then opting for new Cashback card or otherwise we can split the 
existing limits or at the time of exercising this option if the customer is eligible for a 
higher credit limit, he will get that incremental limit on the new card. So, it all depends 
on the customer profile actually. 
Piran Engineer: 
So, broadly if you can give a sense after 100,000 or so customers you have given this 
card how much are just from our existing base and how many are truly like open 
market? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
No, first of all there is no 100,000 number at this point of time so, let me clarify. We 
have not given the numbers out, as of now. The point made initially was that this cash 
back card portfolio is not substantial enough at this point of time for making impact on 
the overall portfolio so, that is point number one. The second point here is that, as Sir 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
27 October 2022 
was mentioning, it is the choice of the customer. Also, you have to note that Simply 
SAVE and Simply CLICK cards are at Rs.500 annual fee and cash back card is at 
Rs.999 and the spend base annual reversal is also at a higher value so there will be 
customers who will be switching over and taking it, but whatever trends that we are 
seeing for the initial lot of customers we do not see more than 10% to 15% of the 
existing customers coming in. Most of the customers are new customers, which are 
coming in and that was the whole idea. We were targeting customers who have 
ecommerce specific cards with other banks, and they are taking one card with one bank 
and another card with another bank and third card with third bank. It is to that 
population, younger segment that, we are targeting to start that with one card you 
should be able to utilize this benefit across the ecommerce platforms. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Karthik Chellappa from 
Buena Vista Fund Management HK Limited. Please proceed. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity, Sir and belated Diwali wishes to the 
management team. Two questions from my side. Sir my question is basically on the 
revolver, even if we normalize for the spend increase towards the end of the quarter, 
when you look at the cohort of the revolvers those who revolve once a year or three 
times a year or five to six times a year at which cohort do you think the deterioration 
has been the steepest? 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
It is even across all. There is no one particular category where it is high. It is in line 
with the overall distribution. There is no particular one that we call out in between any 
more than normal decrease or increase in that. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Okay got it, and to the point on the new sourcing mix where you are actually seeing a 
category B rising as well as self employed rise, if I couple that with let us say your 
2.14% gross NPA and a provision coverage north of 60% can we say that your credit 
risk appetite is actually improving at the margin? 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
If you recollect that is something we have been saying now for the last one or two 
quarters that whatever cushion that we have built up on the credit cost we are using that 
to test the different segments and that is evident with the increase in self employed or 
the category B that we see, that is a conscious decision. However, I think it is important 
to note like we have said earlier this will always be calibrated. We will test the 
segments, see how it does and only then move forward. We are not going to do 
anything in a very rash manner. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Agarwal from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
27 October 2022 
Pankaj Agarwal: 
Sir what explains this Rs.200 Crores jump in operating expenses on Q-o-Q basis? It is 
roughly 19% Q-o-Q and if we look at any other parameter whether your spends or 
whether your new card origination that is not increased by the same margin so from 
where this extra opex has come in this quarter? 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
As we said earlier it is driven by two things broadly. One is our new account sourcing 
has gone up. It is up about 44% versus last quarter and second is, our spend based cost 
is running higher because we participated in the festive campaign with e-commerce 
partners so those two are the factors which are driving the cost to be higher versus last 
quarter. 
Pankaj Agarwal: 
Okay and right now I think we are at 59% cost to income in this quarter. Right? 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
Yes. 
Pankaj Agarwal: 
So, once we see your new additions comes down and all these festive offers are over do 
you think we can manage your cost to income at roughly 55% to 56% which was like 
pre COVID level? 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
As MD Sir indicated initially that, the festive period this year is continuing from Q2 and 
extending to Q3 so the cost to income will remain elevated that is what he initially 
mentioned. However, as the festive period gets over our cost to income should come 
down because our spend based cost would come down. However, our focus on new 
accounts sourcing will continue and those costs will come in. We will see efficiencies 
coming in because our new accounts sourcing is coming at a lower cost compared to 
past due to our focus on digital sourcing. 
Pankaj Agarwal: 
Thank you and one more question about your credit cost it has gone up by roughly 
50:55 crore Q-o-Q, though your overall mix of revolvers are still down Q-o-Q though it 
is up on absolute basis but as a percentage it is down, right so what explains this extra 
credit cost during the quarter? 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
You have to look at two or three numbers together. Credit cost is only one of the 
indicators and yes, the credit cost has gone up quarter-on-quarter. The way to look at it 
is two things. One is, the new book that comes in the stage one, we will obviously 
provide for it and the repayments will obviously come only over a period of time 
however, we will be booking the stage one provision. The other piece is that, as we 
have recalibrated our risk appetite, we have seen some increase on the stage three also 
however, please read that number in conjunction with the NPA number as well as the 
ECL rate. If you look at our ECL rate which is a better indicator of what we are 
expecting in the future, the quality of the portfolio, the ECL rate has been stable at 3.3 
now. Pre COVID, that number used to be in the range of 3.5 to 3.75. Like I said, we 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
27 October 2022 
have been taking steps in terms of expanding our risk appetite, however nothing has yet 
impacted the quality to that extent. The way to look at credit cost is more on a range 
basis and not at a number at a particular quarter. That is the point we have been making. 
We used to operate at 6.5 pre COVID. We will see the number move in a particular 
range over the next two quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from Macquarie. 
Please proceed. 
Param Subramanian: 
Thanks for taking my question. My question is actually is an extension of the last 
question that was asked. On provisioning, on percentage basis why has the credit cost 
increased quarter-on-quarter? Basically, I picked up some explanation on stage one 
assets but that has inflated your denominator as well, so I did not understand why the 
5.6% has moved to 6.2% quarter-on-quarter. And also, 6.5% was your pre COVID 
credit cost but that was on a revolver base of like 27% to 28%, considering it is at 24% 
now this will be much lower so that is my first question?  
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
Thank Param. The stage one is provided at 1.7% even though the stage one is a kind of 
transitory. Some part of it may revolve, some part of it may convert into some kind of 
FlexiPay EMI based loans and most part of it may get repaid during the quarter, still we 
provided 1.7% which in annualized terms has an effect of almost 6.8% over a base rate 
of 5.6% in the previous quarter, so this has an effect of momentarily increasing the 
gross credit cost. 
Param Subramanian: 
Sir, if I understood correctly this should reverse over the next quarter right, because we 
have seen a very abnormal last 10 days, right? Is that the right understanding? 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
Absolutely so to the extent stage one NEA comes down, we will automatically get 
relief. 
Param Subramanian: 
Got it. Sir, my next question is on the over limit fee? You touched upon that, saying it is 
5% to 6% of the fee income. but any analysis you have done on how much could be the 
EPS impact that we could see or because of this coming into effect from Q3 onwards. 
Also, on the opex trajectory, how much of the increase in the opex trajectory that we are 
seeing is more structural, considering we have moved to a higher run rate of net 
issuance, those are my questions? Thank you. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
We have not computed anything on the EPS front. You were talking about impact on 
the EPS, I gave a kind of quantification based on the current run rate what we see as a 
monthly which we did not disclose earlier so that is the reason we wanted to clarify that 
5% to 6% kind of OVL is there. This is not permanently lost. As I said earlier, we are 
creating a right journey which is convenient for the customer to express or convey his 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
27 October 2022 
mandate so we are confident of plowing it back but of course we will also be 
consistently looking for other opportunities to realign our pricing in line with the 
competition, wherever opportunities are there. You would have seen that we have 
already come out and communicated to the customers around charging some fee income 
for the rental, which is in line with other players also. So, those opportunities anyway 
we will explore. Overall, we do not feel it as a complete loss or anything, but it will take 
some time for a complete plow back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. 
Please proceed. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Good evening, everyone. Sir I have a question around the revolvers on the self 
employed segment? Now as a strategy we have been increasing the mix of self-
employed. This segment share is at 30% for the quarter versus 17% at the portfolio 
level so just curious to know what the proportion is of the revolve rate in this segment 
so as to better understand how this approach can help. 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
The self employed portfolio tends to revolve higher and that is something what we have 
noticed and that is generally the case. So, whether it is the second tier salary or the self-
employed, the propensity to revolve is higher and that is continuing and that is one of 
the reasons why, when we have said we have gone back and recalibrated the risk 
appetite, we have brought some of these in just to be able to see how they perform. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
I understand that but sorry if you can just indicate some range as to what is the typical 
revolve rate in this self employed category that you have seen over the last couple of 
years? 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
We have not given the segment level revolve rates. Like I said, it is higher than the 
salaried and again within salaried, obviously the government is lower and the second 
tier salaried is higher. Self employed is higher than that, so we have not really given the 
segment level revolve rate. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Okay and secondly a very small question is on the economics of the newly launched 
Cashback card. How do you really see that? Will this product take longer time to scale 
up on the profitability curve? Any thoughts on that? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
So, as we have stated earlier, when we looked at the economics of coming out with the 
card like this, in the present scenario we look at the cost which had to be incurred. So, 
for example, cost of participating with the co-brand partner, pay out to the co-brand 
partner, cost of acquisition. We took all that and decided to convert it into a customer 
value proposition, okay. So, that is why this card is only available when the customer 
applies on their own through digital channels so, thereby we save a majority of our Cost 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
27 October 2022 
of Acquisition. We are also saving money which could have been a potential partner 
payout, which is quite substantial in these days. The third part is that it also gives us 
strategic freedom to be able to tinker with the product at some date looking at the way 
the consumer behavior is happening. Given these three parameters we came out with 
this product. When we look at internal parameters, we see that the profitability is 
similar to what we see on a SimplySAVEor a SimplyCLICKcard. Now you have to also 
note that SimplySAVE and SimplyCLICK card are Rs.500 product. This product is now 
available, at this point of time first year free till March 31, at an annual fee of Rs.999. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Good evening Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir could you share what was the fresh 
delinquencies in this quarter and also the provision number if you could share between 
stage one, stage two and stage three? 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
If you could just go to the asset quality page, we have actually given the provision 
number also on that, so I am not sure I understood the question. The question is on what 
the delinquency is. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Fresh NPA delinquency during the quarter, fresh slippages? 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
So, the increase in the stage three is largely made up of mostly fresh slippages only. We 
have not given the split. If your question is on the slippages, then we will get back to 
with the specific number. It is not part of this however overall if you look at the GNPA 
the number is at 2.14 which is down slightly from last quarter. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure, I will touch base separately for the fresh delinquency number and the provision 
that we have done in this quarter how will it split between stage one, stage two, and 
stage three? 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
We have given the rates if you look at it. The stage one book we normally provide at 
1.7% and stage two is about 5.2% and stage three is at 64% so that is the breakup, and it 
is already available. If you look, we have given you the breakup of the stage of the 
receivables as well as the provision rate so that break up should be very easy to 
calculate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shweta Daptardar from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Sir my question is on subscription bills fee share, we share which is standing stagnant if 
I compare both sequential as well as on annual basis so any color on this vis-à-vis your 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
27 October 2022 
new account company sourcing or should we attribute this to any spends based reversal 
that might have happened? 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
Shweta, I think we have answered this earlier also in the last quarter, so this is linked to 
the higher share of spend based reversals which is coming in due to which subscription 
based fee is marginally low. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Sure, and Sir if I might squeeze in the second question. You have mentioned because of 
the new RBI norms, 95% is where you are standing in terms of active portfolio so 
would you see the CIF improving month-on-month basis and that impact is almost 
behind? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Yes, so in the month of September if you have noticed that we reported a decline of 
almost around 3000 cards so as MD Sir mentioned 4,70,000 plus new cards in the 
month of September itself, we have taken the complete impact of the RBI guideline and 
closed all those cards. From now onwards, October onwards we should an increase and 
we are targeting at least 300,000 net growth on a monthly basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from Phillip 
Capital. Please proceed. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Could you please split out the revolvers into accidental 
revolver, periodic revolver, and chronic revolver with their loss rate and the second 
question is on the category four where your travel, hotel and airlines has come off even 
on a Q-o-Q basis? All these rates have actually gone up and if you look at the Airport 
Authority data the domestic arrivals and international arrivals and departures have all 
increased on a volume basis? All the hotels across the travel websites are at their peak 
so it seems quite out of that but the category for spend should come up even on a Q-o-Q 
basis because the growth has also gone up so the travel tickets have escalated even on a 
Q-o-Q basis so if you could throw light on these two questions? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
I will first answer the travel category. Category four travel agents, hotels, airlines, 
railways, entertainment, and restaurants. We club this all together more as a travel and 
entertainment as a category however travel itself and lodging itself are the large 
components of these. Now while in April, May, and June quarter the travel bookings a 
whole lot of travel booking happen at least 30 to 45 days prior to when the people are 
travelling so this seasonality what we have seen is what you see actually on the ground. 
The booking happens slightly earlier on. In the past what we have seen is pre COVID 
that May and June and November and December are the high seasons of ticket booking. 
Ticket bookings start on April or so and by the end of May and early June most of the 
ticket bookings get done. Similar trends you see by November also. Regular travel and 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
27 October 2022 
emergency travel all that stuff will continue, but the children’s holidays and the leisure 
travel typically follow these patterns. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Right the first question? 
Aparna Kuppuswamy: 
We have not really shared that split of revolvers into those categories in the past also. 
We only share it on a total basis. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Thank you. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit from BOB Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mohit: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question was the active rate so if you look at the 
active rate for the quarter was 50% which was the same as the previous quarter so 
because of the festival season we have not seen any decent active rates so any 
expectations on that which have not been met? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Active rate in September has gone up but because we have given this quarterly number 
and we saw higher activity in the last seven to eight days in the last quarter, but if I talk 
about July, August and September, August was better than July and September was 
better than August so that has been the trend line. 
Mohit: 
The share of retail and corporate effect if I talk in terms of spends it used to be around 
75% to 76% retail and the balance 23% to 24% corporate but now that your certain 
corporate spends have come off the ratio looks very skewed at 82% retail and 18% 
corporate so going forward should we expect that this ratio will continue? 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
As I have said earlier, we are targeting a kind of improvement and taking it back to the 
earlier levels but in a calibrated fashion. As I said because of the competition intensity 
some relationships are not working, they have become more like a cash burn, and we do 
not want to be in that game so that is the reason we have actually exited some 
relationships but at the same time we are building the pipeline. We are confident of 
taking the share back to the earlier levels over a period of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to check on your cost of funds which you have 
said that you are expecting 40 to 50 basis point rise? Is this your total cost of funds or 
you were saying about the cost of funds from banks and specifically Sir would it be fair 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
27 October 2022 
to assume that all your bank loan would this be on MCLR, or you would be drawing 
from T-bills or may be EBLR? 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
As per liability sourcing profile, 34% to 35% is from long term and the remaining are 
short terms. Short term is the bank lines which are linked to external benchmarks. It can 
be a treasury bill, or it can be REPO kind of rate also, but short term is mostly linked to 
the treasury bill so depending on the movement and depending on the tenure at which 
they are availed they will get reset. With regard to your other question on the cost of 
funds which we have given at 5.4% is the cost of borrowing on an average for the entire 
portfolio. 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
Just to add what Sir said, 5.4% also is little colored because of the base effect of 
borrowing in the last one week in the quarter. It should be in the range of 5.7% for this 
quarter and from next quarter Sir already said that it will be higher by 50 to 60 basis 
points. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Surana from CLSA. Please 
proceed. 
Mohit Surana: 
I just have one question is how has in your open market sourcing what is the percentage 
of customer that are new to credit and if you can also comment in terms of how it has 
trended over time? 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
It will be very low because generally we get more of NTCC and NTC from the Banca 
channel where we have the comfort of looking at their financial transaction profile, etc. 
In case of open market, it is negligible. Mostly it will be to some extent it will be NTCC 
but predominately it will be like a credit kind of customer. 
Mohit Surana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Dhaval Gada from DSP 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Gada: 
Sir thanks just two clarifications. One is relating to the full year cost to income so I 
remember in the Q4 call you mentioned that this 57% kind of zone is where we target 
and then there could be quarterly volatility in the cost to income is that the same 
thought process that you have at the moment, or you will take some percentage point, or 
it could be meaningfully higher just some clarification around that. And the second one 
is, on cost of funds again just to be a bit clearer in terms of where we ended this quarter, 
we should see another 50 to 60 basis points increase in the next quarter is that correct? 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
27 October 2022 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
Yes, coming to your cost to income, when we guided in the past may be a couple of 
quarters back obviously the kind of increases what we have seen in the interest rate 
scenario and the NIM compression was not even there in the reckoning at that time, so 
we were confident about the NIM. But it (Cost to Income) will have an upward basis. I 
think 58% perhaps 57.5% to 58.5% kind of range we can think of that to over a period 
of 12 months. I am not talking about quarter-to-quarter because as I said like festival 
spends are again are spilling over to the month of October, November, and December 
quarter as well so obviously we said it will continue to remain elevated but that will not 
be the case coming to Q4 when it will be lower so over a period of 12 months when you 
average it out it will be hovering around may be 50 basis points here and there around 
58%.  
Dhaval Gada: 
Understood and on the question of cost of funds 50 to 60 bps Q-o-Q increase is that 
correct? 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
No, I think what Sir said was that 5.4% which you are seeing is getting colored. The 
number after taking out the last weeks’ borrowing from the denominator, it would be 
5.7%. So, on top of that it will be 50 to 60 basis points. 
Dhaval Gada: 
Okay so sequentially you could see like around anywhere between 80 to 90 basis point 
increase Q-o-Q that is the kind of magnitude we could see? 
Sanjeev Khurana: 
Dhaval, you have to think from the perspective that in Q4 of last year, we were at 4.9%. 
What you are seeing right now is 5.4%. This is just a 50 basis points higher in six 
months however, the rates have gone up by 190 basis points already so the impact is not 
visible and it is colored as we are saying because of the last weeks borrowing. The full 
borrowing cost impact has not come in the quarter. That is the reason it is 5.4 however 
it should have been in the range of 5.7 for the quarter and in the next quarter it will go 
further high. 
Dhaval Gada: 
Understood and you are saying NIM to be stable because of the optimization on the mix 
to offset the cost of fund impact hence NIM could be plus or minus 10 to 20 bps on a 
sequential basis? 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
Yes what I alluded to is more like say we are confident of managing it around 12%, 
confident of keeping it around 12% but definitely it will be lower than 12.3% given the 
kind of pressure what we are seeing. 
Dhaval Gada: 
Got it very clear. Thank you and all the best. 
OSBI Card 

 
 
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
27 October 2022 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Rao, MD, and CEO of SBI card for closing 
comments. 
Rama Mohan R Amara: 
I would like to thank my colleagues at SBI card for their continued commitment, hard 
work and support that have contributed greatly to our continued success. I am also 
grateful to our shareholders, investors and business partners who have believed in us 
and supported us throughout. Lastly, I would like to reiterate our confidence in our 
agility and adaptiveness which has helped us ensure sustainable and profitable growth. 
Wishing you all a wonderful festive season. Thank you and good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SBI Cards and Payment Services 
Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
OSBI Card 
