
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Satia Industries Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                        
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. 
R.K. 
BHANDARI 
- 
JOINT 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SATIA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. RACHIT NAGPAL - CFO, SATIA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED                              

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference 
Call of Satia Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Diwakar Pingle from EY Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Thank you, Stephen. Good afternoon, good evening friends. Welcome to the Q2 and 
H1 FY'23 Earnings Call of Satia Industries Limited. To take you through the results 
and answer your questions today, we have the top management team from Satia, 
represented by Mr. R.K. Bhandari, who is the Joint Managing Director; and Mr. 
Rachit Nagpal, who is the CFO. Please note that we have sent out the press release 
and the financials to all of you. The presentation link for the present quarter has 
already been uploaded on the BSE website. In case, if you don't have it, you could 
write to the IR team at EY and we would be happy to send it over to you. Before we 
start, I'd like to say that everything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook 
for the future, or which can be construed as forward-looking statement must be 
viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These 
uncertainties and risks are included but not limited to what we mentioned in the 
prospectus and subsequently in annual reports, which you can find on our website. 
With that said, I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Bhandari. Over to you, Mr. 
Bhandari. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. Mr. Rachit, I think will give the introduction. 
 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. A very good evening, and I welcome all the participants. Hope 
you have gone through our financial results earnings updates for Q2 and 6 months 
ending financial year '23.  
 
 
 
Our company is an agro and wood-based paper pulp paper producing company, and 
it's fully backward integrated. Our locational advantage is in the wheat belt of India, 
ensure year around availability of raw material and our in-house state-of-the-art 
clean energy production capability ensures cheap power availability throughout the 
year. Further, the caustic soda recovery facilities and eucalyptus plantation based on 
Karnal technology helped us in lowering cost and managing their water discharges in 
a clean and efficient way. 
 
 
I'm happy to announce that we delivered strong performance for Q2 FY'23 with our 
highest ever quarterly revenue and EBITDA and healthy growth on both Q-on-Q and 
year-on-year basis. Revenues for the quarter was at INR4,593 million, up 146% 
year-on-year on the back of increase in sale realization and sale volume, which has 
grown at almost 50%. We continue to realize the benefit of our new plant, which 
went operational in Feb 2022. The demand looks strong, evident from our robust 
order book. Despite of the external headwinds faced by the industry, we were able to 
steer through these challenges and the company continued its growth trajectory and 
made steady progress by focusing on customers. EBITDA margin has improved to 
20.14% during the quarter from 16.74% in the last quarter on back of better sales 
realization, stable raw material pricing environment and advantage of our increased 
capacity. PAT grew up by 151% in Q2 financial year '23 at INR508 million as 
compared to Q2 financial year '22. For H1 financial year '23, income from operations 
stood at INR8,763 million, an increase of 132% year-on-year. EBITDA for the 
period grew by 89% to INR1,623 million. PAT grew up by 92% to INR 811 million. 
During the period, our debt equity has also improved to 0.51x from 0.57x in previous 
period, which is at a very comfortable situation. With this, I request the floor for any 
questions on the same or about the company. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:                                           The first question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal from Mittal Analytics. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, sir, thank you for the opportunity. I hope I’m audible. 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, my first question is on our CapEx that 
we had done as 300 tonnes per day capacity, including pulping and everything. So, 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
what is the status on the pulping capacity given that our material cost is still very 
high, where are we in the pulping expansion? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
The CapEx that we had done is complete. The only part that is left out is the 
expansion in the wood pulping capacity. So, the additional wood pulping capacity 
will be operational by January 2023. Rest all is complete. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Given that earlier we used to use most of in-house pulp and right now, because wood 
pulping hasn't expanded yet, so we are using wastepaper, right? Is that why our 
material cost is higher than our past gross margin? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. Slightly, yes, that is one of the reasons. Yes, you are right. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Okay. So apart from wood pulping, everything has come online. So sir, when we 
look at our balance sheet for H1, we see that we have done a large expansion in the 
last 6 months. So we have spent around INR90crore in H1 of this year. So what has 
this expansion been towards? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
That has been more or less on the wood pulping capacity only because earlier we 
were planning to take it from 160 tonnes to 250 tonnes. But later on, that capacity is 
now planned to go to almost 300 tonnes because the raw material prices of even 
wheat straw, which earlier used to be in the range of INR5,000 to INR6,000 per 
tonne have increased exorbitantly. And to reduce dependence upon wheat straw pulp 
alone in a major way, we have planned to increase our wood pulping capacity to 350 
tonnes. So other element, I think, Rachit will tell you what else is there. 
 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Yes, sir, almost INR45 crore to INR50 crore-related to the CapEx towards this 
pulping capacity. INR10 crore is for some paper machine parts and rest is the routine 
Capex. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Understood. So including this, what is our total CapEx that we have done on this 
expansion? And what can be the benefit of this INR45 crore, INR50 crore that we 
have done on wood pulping capacity? 
 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Yes, the total CapEx is around INR67 crore for this pulping capacity. The payback 
period of this capex is around 1.5 to 2 years. Currently we are using batch system for 
our existing pulp making and after this capacity extension, there will be continued 
digesters which will allow continuous pulping. So our wood capacity will increase 
from existing 160 tonnes to 300 tonnes from this technology of pulping. Our wood 
capacity will increase by this new advancement. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. I would like to add here that it will, number one, reduce steam consumption on 
the wood pulping from existing 3 tonne to almost 1, 1.5 tonne, which could lead to 
savings of almost to INR15 crore to INR20 crore every year, number one. Number 
two, with increase in wood pulping capacity, we would be saving that additional cost 
of almost INR10,000 per tonnes on wastepaper cost. So that will be second major 
advantage. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sir, congratulations on a very good performance. So sir, my first question is on the 
average selling price in second quarter? And what was it in the first quarter? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Our average sales price in the second quarter was almost INR87,000 per tonne, while 
it was INR78,600 per tonne in the first quarter. The main reason for the lower 
realization in the first quarter was, as we have been telling on our previous calls also 
because we do government business. So we were carrying certain old government 
orders with us, which we executed in the first quarter, mainly. So that was one 
reason for the lower average utilization in the first quarter. 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sir, what will be our sales breakup between such tenders where the pricing is slightly 
sticky and fixed? And maybe outside of those tenders, which is more market-

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
determined pricing. Is there a rough breakup of our sales so that we can understand 
how the pricing will move for us in the coming quarters? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes, like in the first 6 months, we did almost 100,000 tonnes. So we supplied almost 
36,000 tonnes to be exact to the government sector. So normally, as previously, it is 
in the range of 40% to 60%. 40% is government business 60% is the open market 
business. 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And typically, what is the pricing difference between the two? So is it a fixed supply 
rate of time in a government tender? And what is the tenure of the tender typically? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Normally, tender tenure is 1 year, but practically, all supplies once the order is 
placed happens within 4 to 5 months. So whatever is the existing price at that 
moment when we file that tender, normally, we have to carry that in the tender to 
win any order. Because if you think that yes, okay, today we will buy INR5,000 
unnecessary and then quote a tender from the present existing price level. So that is 
difficult to get. So sometimes you win on that, sometimes you lose on that. So you 
average out. Like in COVID period, we had very good time while others even big 
players were running at almost 60%,70%, we were running at 117%. And our 
margins were still intact because of this only. So it plays both ways, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir, my first question is on the current capacity utilization. Sir, what is the current 
capacity utilization for quarter 2 financial year '23? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. Our total installed capacity as on date is 205,000 tonnes. Overall, we will be 
saving almost 105% in this year. But if we look at the previous year, we have been 
doing on the old capacity almost 135,000 tonnes. And the new capacity that we have 
added of 100,000 tonne, that capacity will be using 75% to 80%. So next year, there 
is a margin of using that 25,000 to 30,000 tonnes additional production coming to 
the total volume. 
 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is, what is the export percentage in quarter 2 financial 
year '23 and the earlier quarter, quarter 1? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Our export direct and indirect is in the range of 10% of the total sales, and it is likely 
to continue in the future also. 
 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay. My last question is, sir, we have seen trends of increase in demand from 
Europe due to financial crisis they are going on because paper manufacturing is also 
an energy-intensive business and the prices in Europe are impacting energy in terms 
of businesses. So are we seeing any trend of demand from there? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Will you repeat the question once again, please? 
 
Anika Mittal: 
There are energy crisis going on in Europe. And due to the high energy intensive 
manufacturing facilities have been shutting down. So I think, as per my knowledge, 
paper manufacturing is also an energy-intensive business. So are we seeing any 
export demand from Europe side due to this ongoing crisis? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually, enquiries do come from Europe, but normally they do not mature. And 
energy crisis like you said it's energy intensive so coal definitely is high price at the 
moment. But since we are using rice husk and rice straw. Rice straw is the cheapest 
fuel at the moment available, which is costing us almost INR2,000 per tonne only, 
where husk prices is in the range of, as on date, INR7,000 to INR8,000 per tonne. 
And so that is why, as far as energy cost effect is there, it is minimal on our unit 
because of the use of rice straw to that stand to 50% of our fuel cost. 
 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir, I'm asking about export demand actually. 
 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
That's what, yes, I told you that there are queries from Europe, but they are not 
maturing. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal Analytics. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir, and congratulations to the team on a great set of 
numbers. Sir, a question on your pulp mill. So we have put in a pulp mill of 550 
tonnes TPD, right? Out of which, in the initial question, you mentioned that wood 
pulp is still in the ramp-up phase. We're still setting it up. So what about the 
remaining, sir, is that pulp mill fully operational and contributing to our margins in 
terms of margin saving, I mean? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually, we have three sections in the pulp mill. One is the agro-based. So agro-
based, our average for the first 6 months was almost 220 tonnes per day that we 
consume. Now in the next 6 months, we will be increasing this 220 tonnes to almost 
270 tonnes per day. So this 220 tonnes was commissioned long back and was 
operational already. We only increased this to by 50 to 70, 80 tonnes. So average 
should be coming around 270 tonnes of wheat staple. That is number one. 
 
 
We already had wood pulping capacity operational for 150 tonnes to 180 tonnes per 
day. It was already operational. So already, we were having 220 tonnes of agro pulp 
and 180 tonnes of wood pulp, which was already operational. So that capacity of 
agro is being increased from 220 tonnes to 270-280 tonnes, number one, and wood 
pulping from 180 tonnes to 300 tonnes plus. So 180 tonnes is already operational. 
We are planning to increase this to 300 tonnes plus. Since our machine has already 
started in February, so that additional production, we are meeting with the 
wastepaper deinking plant, which is the third section of the pulping unit, yes. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Okay. Understood. Sir, I also wanted more clarity on like now we already have some 
pulping, right? We have a well-integrated plant in terms of power, in terms of pulp 
and everything, right? So now our efforts to bring the pulping unit, so when this 
pulping unit is fully operational can our margins improve more like in the past we 
have done 25%, 26% kind of operating margins. So when our pulping mill is fully 
stabilized and will run with the new plant so can our margins, these 20%, 21%, will 
that grow to 25%, 26%, 28%? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually, this is like since this new machine, PM4 which runs at almost 1100 meters 
per minute that meets a strong furnish for which this pulp expansion in wood pulping 
is being done. So once that is done, then we should be able to feed that machine with 
100% in-house wood pulp or 10%, 20%, some supplementary pulp. So with that, we 
should be able to make good quality surface size Maplitho paper, which was the 
original plan for the kind of machine we did put up as PM4. So once this wood 
pulping starts, so that quality will be produced and then we try to place that product 
at par with JK, TNPL, Andhra and all these mills. So the real story for PM4 should 
begin almost 2 to 3 months thereafter. Number one, this will increase the sales 
realization of that paper. Number two, as on date for PM4, the kind of orders that we 
are getting are in the range of average grammage is almost 54 to 55 GSM. So once 
we establish a product in Maplitho segment, the average grammage will go up to 65 
GSM, which will help us achieve 100% or 100%-plus capacity utilization for that 
machine. So this new pulpmill will contribute both in quantity terms, number 1, and 
in value terms also but that will happen once the pulping starts in January. And, it 
will result in cost savings also because presently, we are using 10% to 20% of 
imported softwood pulp also. For which if we cost it today, it costs anywhere around 
$1,000 to $1,100 landed in-house, which is INR90. So if you take 90% yield, the 
pulp cost would be anywhere around INR100. So once you have your own in-house 
wood pulping cost it cannot exceed under any circumstances, even at today's teak 
wood raw material price is on INR60,000 a tonne. So that saving of INR40,000 per 
tonne for whatever imported softwood, hardwood we use will be the cost savings. So 
it will have multiple effects in times to come. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nairit from TSG Capital. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Nairit: 
Hello, sir, and congratulations on a wonderful set of numbers. It gives me great 
pleasure to see that. I just wanted to know what is the reason for the higher ‘other 
expenses’ the quarter 1- results, if you can shed some light on that? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Rachit, I think you will be able to explain better. 
 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Yes, there is a commission that we have paid to our dealers through procured sales. 
So this is the reason, this is a little higher. With the PM4 coming up there is an 
additional sale, which shall be like procured through the dealers. So this is a 
commission amount, which is on a higher side. So this is the reason that the other 
expenses shoot up. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually, if you look at the percentage-wise margin wise, last year, it was total 7.8%.    
And today also if we look percentage wise it is more or less same. If we look at last 
quarter, utilities, stores and spares is just 5%. Earlier, this used to be 7.7% in the last 
year, selling expenses in the last quarter was 6.3%. Last year, average was 7.8%. So 
value-wise, it looks more than that because the prices have almost increased more 
than 50%, 60%. Sales price has increased, yes. 
 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Also we have included fuel in these other items. So fuel costs have also increased. 
So this is another reason for this hike. 
 
Nairit: 
Okay. That answers my question. The next question I wanted to ask is, so we work 
to achieve 100% capacity utilization of the new capacity of 240,000 tonnes by next 
year FY'24? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
No, our installed capacity is 205,000 tonnes at the moment. So this year, we should 
be doing 210,000 tonnes almost, achieving more than 100%. But previously, our 
record is we have been continuously doing almost 130% to 140% of capacity 
utilization. The new capacity, which we should be doing almost out of 100,000 
tonne, we should be meeting almost 70,000 to 80,000 tonnes. So that 20,000, 30,000 
tonnes is likely to come additional next year. That's what I said. 
 
Nairit: 
And after that, so if the demand scenario looks stronger since, is there any greenfield 
CapEx possible? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. We are looking to some probability of increasing speed of our PM3, which is 
now running at almost 650 meters per minute. So management is evaluating all the 
factors, what kind of increase we can have with what kind of CapEx. So that exercise 
is already owned. So once we finalize that, we shall come back to you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Mulchandani from KRIS PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Sir, a follow-up question to just ask that I wanted to understand that where do we 
want to take our capacity after the current expansion like I understand that demand 
scenario, et cetera, in the PM3, you look to increase the speed. But do you look at a 
3-year time horizon that we still want to grow aggressively from the current 2.05 
lakh tonnes to 3 lakh tonnes in 3 years or some ballpark number or vision you have 
in terms of capacity to be grown over slightly longer periods. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually, with our increase in pulping capacity of wood from 150 tonne and grow to 
almost 280 tonnes. So that means we have 580 tonnes of pulp with us. So with 580 
tonnes pulp, one can easily make with pulp to paper ratio of 0.85, anywhere around 
680 tonnes paper per day. So 680 tonnes with 350 working days so we could easily 
go up to 240,000 tonnes. So management at the moment is thinking, can we remain 
within this ambit of 240,000 to 250,000 tonnes in the coming 2 to 3 years. So that is 
the target at the moment. But at some stage, there could be a possibility of going in 
for some tissue machine. That is not decided at the moment. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aneesh Shah, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Aneesh Shah: 
Thank you for providing this opportunity and congratulations for a good set of 
numbers. I have a few questions. One is regarding what is the general trend on the 
paper industry regarding demand versus supply and export versus import and also 
regarding the price trend for the paper industry? My second question is regarding the 
cutlery business. What is the current status on that? And are we planning any further 
expansion on that, which is linked with Zume of U.S.A.? And third question is 
regarding, do we have any plan for the debt repayment in this year or in FY'24? And 
one more last question is regarding new education policy. Is there any plan by 
government to implement it in next year, this new education policy? Any news on 
that? These are my few questions. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
The new education policy is already under implementation. They have made it basic 
which is suggesting new syllabus, new curriculum and new course structure, which 
is still to come, but it is being implemented in steps only. The first stage of changed 
syllabus has come this year only. And that was the reason for slight dent in demand 
last year, but with the new syllabus coming this year being released by NCERT, the 
private publishing should go in full swing this year. So that demand is likely to be 
come in full swing in next 2 to 3 years.  
 
 
So debt repayment, we are already reaping every year, almost INR65crore to INR70 
crore. So our long-term debt is in the range of almost INR280 crore. So within 4 
years, the old debt should be clear, unless management comes up, as I said, on PM3 
or some other activity which directly give returns to the company and to the 
shareholders, but we will explain at that appropriate time.  
 
 
 
And in cutlery, we have more or less disengaged with Zume because their machines 
were not operating at the desired level of production. They had given us machine just 
2 tonne capacity, but they were making only 600 kilogram per day. So they are now 
taking back those machines. And in place of those machines, we have ordered six 1 
tonne per day machines from a new Indian supplier. So that is likely to be 
commissioned by 31st March. So first, we'll have 2 machines and second lot of 2 
machines and then third lot of 2 machines. So we would put up 6 machines, for 
which order has already been placed. But once we clear the space of these 2 Zume 
machines, maybe we can add 2 more Indian machines there. So we'll be operating 
next year with minimum 8 tonnes to 10 tonnes capacity per day. So that is the plan 
for cutlery segment. Order advances everything is already in place and first machine 
is likely to come in December itself. 
 
 
So as far as your first question, the general trend as far as other segments of paper 
industry are concerned, which is newsprint and packaging and craft paper, the prices 
of that have come down by more than 30%, 40%. And similarly, raw material 
imported wastepaper is like OCC has come down by more than 50%. But similarly 
in duplex packaging grades, the prices again are on the lower side and demand is 
quite weak also. But in writing and printing fortunately, the demand is very strong at 
the moment. And from 1st November after the weak normal Diwali season, mills 
have already started increasing the prices, which have gone down slightly in the last 
2 months. So already even we have announced a first hike from 1st November. And 
the demand in writing printing segment is very strong at the moment. We are already 
booked for more than 45 days, and we are likely to be placed with almost another 
30,000 to 40,000 tonne orders at very good price, almost INR90,000 tonne plus sale 
realization from government segment in the next 1 or 1.5 months. 
 
 
So our order book is more or less planned till 31st March. So for writing printing, the 
demand is very good. So export earlier first 4, 5 months of this financial year, export 
demand was very strong. But now the prices have come down by almost 10% to 15% 
in the export market. We can still do the exports, but the prices are down by 10% to 
15%. That demand remains there, but the prices have come down in the export part. 
But in Indian market, in indigenous market prices till 30th of June next year are 
likely to remain bullish. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dinesh Kumar Jain from Coard Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Dinesh Kumar Jain: 
Sir, I just have one question. I wanted to ask like what do you expect the coming 
quarters, like we have increased the capacity to 15% to 20% more than that we have 
increased our capacity and also our EBITDA margins are around 20% to 23%. So 
what do you see because the demand is on the stronger side and the supply is also 
able to match. So what do you expect the coming year to be for the paper industry as 
such because that is our main segment? Your views on the paper industry as such in 
terms of turnover and as well as in terms of EBITDA margin. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. In paper industry, as I explained earlier, other segments are weak. Even 
newsprint is weak which starts to almost INR80,000 tonne price is now at below 
INR60,000 but writing and printing is going strong. And looks to be going strong in 
the coming 1 to 2 years. Still all things are in place like new education policy another 
3 years, as I explained earlier, number one. Number two, the literacy rate, as we have 
been explaining time and again, country like Brazil, these are having 94% literacy 
and their per capita consumption is 50 kg while in India, we are at 17 to 18 kg only. 
So with our government focus on literacy, writing and printing segment should not 
go weak in another, I would say, 5 to 10 years. That is our view. 
 
 
Number 3, is the GDP growth. So presently, we are anywhere around INR2.5 to 
INR3 trillion economy. So with growth and the size of GDP and with the increase in 
standard of living that leads to direct increase in the demand of writing and cultural 
paper. So demand is good. But as far as we are concerned, we should be if the prices 
remain plus/minus 5%, 10% in this segment. So we should be doing this year 
anywhere around INR1800 crore and next year, we should be doing almost, we 
could do INR2,000 crore plus also. And margin, definitely as we explained earlier, 
with in-house pulping in good increasing and the cost benefit accruing because of 
that and by replacing imported costlier pulp, so all those things should add to the 
margin and it should be consistent positive growth in the margin in the coming 
quarter. So that is how we see as far as this year is concerned, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal from Mittal Analytics. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity once again. I have two questions. One is that you 
said that we are trying to take up capacity to 2.4 to 2.5 lakh metric tonnes in the next 
2, 3 years. But given our very strong execution that we have seen in PM4. So sir, is 
this volume of 2.4 lakh metric tonnes can easily be done in FY'24 itself. Correct me 
if I am wrong, so how are we planning to increase our volume beyond that, like 
you're mentioning that demand is very strong for writing paper segment and we are 
developing higher-grade products as well. So how will our volume increase beyond 
FY'24, something on that will be helpful. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually, I related it with the pulp that we produce because one of you just pointed 
out, that with the use of high cost wastepaper pulp and imported pulp, the margins 
are definitely affected. So if you go by an ideal combination, so that is why I told 
that the best scenario is if we use the 580 tonne to 600 tonne in-house wood pulping 
or/and agro pulping capacity and plan accordingly, so then 250,000 tonnes looking to 
the pulp capacity that we'll be building. We are going to build within the next 2 to 3 
months is now ideal thing. That is number one. And if we want to go beyond that 
and if the market scenario permits, we always have 150 tonnes of pulping capacity 
also. We can any day use that also to increase our production capacity. But that is not 
the focus at the moment in the next 2 to 3 years. The idea is to achieve this 250,000 
tonnes. And in the meantime, see that whether to go in for additional capacity in 
writing and printing only or in tissue segment also. So tissue could be the second 
option that management is considering at the moment. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Understood. And sir, last question is on currently what percentage of wastepaper and 
softwood imported pulp you are using of the total pulping that we have? You said 
10%, 20% is softwood pulp and how much would be wastepaper? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Wastepaper is almost 15%, Agro is 45%, wood is 30%. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Okay. So currently still 35% to 40%? 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
45% is the agro pulp and 30% is the wood pulp, 15% is the wastepaper pulp and 
10% to 12% is the imported pulp. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Okay. And once our wood pulp comes online or is operational, roughly 90% to 95% 
will be in-house pulp, right? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
No. As I said earlier, in last quarter, we used 215 tonne agro pulp, which will be 260 
tonnes to 270 tonnes per day in the next third quarter. And wood will be almost 160 
tonnes to 170 tonnes in the third quarter. So whatever increase comes in agro pulp 
will be the reduction in imported pulp and wastepaper pulp. And in the final quarter, 
maybe we reduced the imported pulp to 4%-5%. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Badjatya from Honest and Integrity 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
I just have two questions. One is on the Europe competition from imports. So as we 
all know, I mean, last year, 1.5 years has been clearly tough from the import I mean, 
imports have really dropped because of sharp rise in the freight rates. But now the 
freight rates are significantly going down, so do you think that there can be increased 
import of writing and printing paper from countries like Indonesia? Do you think 
that this can now happen that can put some pressure on prices? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. It is already happening. They are already booking large tonnage from the big 
consumer in some sectors. Actually, the issue is in imported paper, you are restricted 
with using only one size. So the big consumer, they can definitely place their orders 
on them who have standardized their products, standardized the grammage and 
standardized the reel size and who can invest in the lead time also. Because if you 
place order today, the imported paper comes within a period of minimum 2 to 3 
months, in today’s delivery scenario. So once you order one thing today, you cannot 
change the size and grammage. But in the market, with the competition, there is 
always a chance that if one person is making 54 gram reel, the second person asks 
for 53 gram, third person instead of 55 gram he will ask for 54.5 gram reel. So that is 
the kind of cut-throat competition is there in the market at every level. So then you 
are left out as you don't have that flexibility. Due to this reason a majority of the 
consumers, which are more than 90%, they use only indigenous paper. 
 
 
But secondly, the price factor, even today the imported paper, anybody who is away 
from the port city of Bombay, he gets cost landed INR91, INR90 near at home, today 
our realization, that is also INR87,000 per tonne. So our cost is almost the same and 
quality is the same. So unless our prices go up exorbitantly number one and number 
two, their prices come down another 4%, 5%, 10%, so that people are able to carry 
the inventory and carry the risk of stock-outs also. So that is the kind of tension 
because of which imported paper is not working in the small consumers. Big 
consumers were already doing it when prices were fitting them well, and they are 
doing it today as well, anybody like Navneet Prakashan who buys big volumes, 
1000, 1500, 2000 tonne, they have already placed orders for imported paper so that 
kind of paper has always been coming to India and will keep coming. So the major 
problem in times to come could be in the copier paper. Earlier in copier paper from 
government there was some protection, but now Indian mills, they have to compete 
with their quality and their costs. So time will tell, but we have to live with the 
competition and survive. 
 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Right. Got it. Sir, thanks for answering that question. Last one was on the pricing for 
agro residue, we keep hearing different things about the agricultural produce and 
hence the agri residue and also because of the energy crisis, coal shortage, there is 
some diversion of agri residue towards power. So what's your sense on the pricing of 
agri residue going forward? If you can give your views that would be great. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually, if we look at the agro residue raw material, which was being used for pulp 
and paper making as you rightly said with the crisis in the coal prices and other 
energy inputs raw material, so people have even started using the bagasse as fuel in 
so many states. So that has led to increasing pressure on the supply side of the wheat 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
straw, which used to be the first major agro input and second used to be the bagasse 
but earlier, we were using a lot of grasses also which come in the bamboo category 
only. And we had stopped using sarkanda since in the last 2, 3 years though, this is a 
very good pulp material. But once the pressure on agro has started coming, we have 
started using now sarkanda also from this year. We are becoming aggressive on that 
raw material also. So naturally, as the market dynamics change, one has to find ways 
to save wherever one can. So that is the way one has to work. 
 
 
So as far as fuel is concerned, we have explained earlier also we had three boilers 
running. One is running on rice husk alone. And the second boiler is running on rice 
straw alone. So now we are putting up a new boiler, which will be able to run off all 
kind of biomass available, which could be leaves of the sugarcane, which could be 
mustard straw, which could be mustered husk also, which could be rice straw also. 
So all those materials pricing is below INR3,000 per tonne. So we may be replacing 
our existing rice husk based boiler also in the coming year to other biomass-based 
which cost us anywhere between INR2,000 to INR3,000 per tonne of fuel. So that is 
going to be the major savings in the coming year as Satia is planning. In paper 
industry at the moment, nobody is using that kind of quantity that we are using for 
rice straw. We are using in these 2 months, today, we are getting almost 5,000 tonnes 
to 6,000 tonnes of rice straw, which used to be burned in the fields daily into our 10 
different locations, open stock grounds. So we will be storing 1.5 lakh tonne of rice 
straw in this 2 months, which will be burned in the next 10 months. So there is no 
other way around to survive in the market. You have to save where you can save. So 
that is how Satia is working. That is why you see sometimes, there is a lot of capital 
expenditure also. So capital expenditure coming with growth and lots of cost 
economics, I think it is always good. And you can see it in our return on capital 
employed that is a very good percentage. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Rishi from Cascade Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Prashant Rishi: 
Sir, once agro pulping capacity improves to, like you said, 280 tonnes per day and 
wood pulping capacity increase to 300 tonnes per day, after that the present 
wastepaper pulp capacity, what is the plan? Will it lie idle after that meaning, post 
January '23, like you said? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually that capacity, we always keep even when we were earlier making 300 tonne 
paper per day, we used to have 60 to 80 tonnes wastepaper pulping capacity. 
Sometimes there is a situation that your soda recovery boiler is under maintenance. 
So that period is normally 15 to 45 days depending upon the work that you do unless 
you have standby recovery boiler. So in that period or in times of difficulty in any 
kind of raw material or in case of any plant maintenance or plant shut off, any of the 
wood pulping or wheat straw pulping, we always get the import of the wastepaper 
pulping. So that our total volume of production doesn't suffer. 
 
Prashant Rishi: 
Okay. All right. Sir, your agro pulping capacities which is expanding, 280. This will 
happen by next quarter, by sure, no? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
No, No, actually earlier we had done certain modification in the wood pulping 
capacity. So with that modification, I think we already told that we had put up a DD 
washer, which is 5th or 6th installation in India in any pulp mill that washes the pulp. 
Normally, you must have seen paper industry so pulp is washed in 4, 5 stages so that 
single washer does 3 washing in itself. So from that our one pulp washing line was 
vacated and we had a standby wood cooking apparatus available with us. So we 
shifted that line to agro, and it is already operational. 
 
Prashant Rishi: 
280 tonnes per day already turned to agro? Agro pulping capacity? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes, it has been done and today, we are using almost on average in this month, 
almost 260 tonnes to 270 tonnes per day of agro pulp, yes. Last 6 months, earlier half 
year in that average was 215 tonnes. That is what I explained earlier. 
 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sir, what will be the structural outlook for pricing because you limited your 
comments on pricing, saying that till June it looks good. And I think you also spoke 
about having taken some price hikes from November. It's a 2-part question. Do you 
see your Q3 realizations being better than Q2 in terms of average for the quarter? 
And what can structurally keep the pricing at these levels for a longer period there 
beyond June also? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. I just said we are certain till June because of the orders that we are getting from 
the government sector. If I'm getting, today I have 20,000 tonnes in hand, and I'm 
getting good-priced orders from government sector, another 40,000 tonnes, 50,000 
tonnes in the next 1.5 months. So that means I have in hand orders of almost 70,000 
tonnes. So that leaves me with the additional production capacity available for open 
market just another that's 30,000, 40,000 tonnes. So I said based on that, I'm 
confident till June my prices will be good even in market prices go plus/minus, it 
will not affect us. That's what I said. Otherwise, if that momentum remains in the 
market, I think the cost level which is for everybody. Fuel prices are high for 
everybody. Caustic prices going around INR60,000, INR70,000, it's for everybody 
for a site and all kind of other chemicals, same for everybody. Wood prices they are 
increasing, agro raw material increasing for everybody. So that cost effect is for 
everybody. So that kind of price is likely to sustain in the longer run also. But my 
comment was in view of the orders that I'm getting. 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And my second question is whether Q3 realizations will be better than Q2. Is 
that possible? And one more thing is on whether the other capacity, so as you spoke 
that for craft paper and for other kinds of paper, which other players are into, their 
prices have corrected by 30%, 40% or 20-odd percent. Can they change their 
capacity to writing and printing? Is that a fungible capacity or it's not possible for 
them. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Actually, only some of the newsprint manufacturers, they can change to writing 
printing, but they won't change because the raw material part in newsprint has 
corrected by more than 40%, 50%. So at the moment, even at INR60,000 a tonne, 
newsprint manufacturer, they won't shift to writing printing, who are the only ones 
who could shift to writing printing, but they don't match the quality that we make. 
They affect the lower end of the writing printing manufacturer who make paper only 
from indigenous paste. Yes. And craft people or duplex people, they cannot shift, 
yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aneesh Shah, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Aneesh Shah: 
This is regarding Zume machine, which we are now no longer doing business with 
them. So can you please advise what was the CapEx done on that? And what is the 
CapEx plan for the new machine, which we are going to install, I think, 6 or 8 
numbers? And last question regarding renewable energy certification. So what was 
the revenue from that part in this quarter or for the half year? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Rachit, I think you will be able to take that. 
 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Yes, to renewable energy, we have received almost INR2 crore in the first half year 
of 2022. We are expecting another INR6 crore to INR7 crore in the next 2 quarters. 
So on an average, we are expecting around INR8 crore in this year from RECs. 
 
Aneesh Shah: 
And what was the CapEx done for the Zume machine.s 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
CapEx was almost INR20 crore, INR10 crore, INR12 crore was on the supply side of 
pulp to the machine, number one. And INR6 crore, INR7 crore was the cost on the 
machine itself. Building was already there. So there was total CapEx was in the 
range of INR15 crore to INR20 crore. Out of that, the machine cost will be 
reimbursed by the Zume, whatever we have spent. So they are repaying us that back 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
because they could not deliver and they are placing those machines somewhere else. 
So we don't stand to lose on that. The only loss that we are making on this is idle line 
capacity for the pulping section, which is INR10 crore to INR12 crore. So once the 
new automatic machine starts coming from December, so we will slightly start using 
that capacity and by the first quarter next year, total capacity of that plant will be 
utilized. 
 
Aneesh Shah: 
Okay. And what would be the CapEx for that? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Yes. The cost of these 6 machines is again in the range of similar same price INR 7 
crore to INR 8 crore. 
 
Aneesh Shah: 
It is per machine or total cost? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Total. Total cost installed will not exceed more than INR10 crore. 
 
Aneesh Shah: 
Okay. And what will be the revenue potential for this business? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
So if they operate as has been committed by the supplier to be at 70% capacity. So 
704 tonne per day and 330 days if we take, it should be anywhere around INR30 
crore to INR40 crore, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dinesh Kumar Jain from Coard Investment. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Jain your line is in talk mode, kindly go ahead with your 
question please. As there is no response from the current participant, we move to the 
next question from the line of Ayush Mittal from Mittal Analytics. 
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Yes, sir. First of all, thanks a lot for the detailed discussion and insight and 
congratulations on a good performance. Sir, between the discussions, if we carefully 
observe at one hand, you are saying that our performance will get better now as we 
start using more of wood pulp and it became more integrated in coming quarters and 
maybe already that we are doing. So what I can understand is that our margins are 
bound to go better and operationally, we'll be much better off. So have we started 
benchmarking ourselves to the leaders in the industry or something like that because 
we have several benefits in terms of cost structure, like you are saying that we are 
one of the few who are using so much of cheaper cost power sources and all those 
things? So how is the thought process at the management and to leverage from here 
the company to the next level? 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
If we see at the performance of the company, so our performance has been more or 
less quite consistent in the last 3-5 years if we look at as well. So our efforts, all the 
time is to do what best we can do at this point of time. And results are definitely 
bound to come with time. Nobody could earlier think of using a rice straw boiler in 
the process industry, which were used only in the power industry in Punjab. Because 
in power it happens that today if you have to close the boiler for 2 days for cleaning 
so you can manage that. But in process industry you cannot shut down the boiler 
even for half an hour or 1 hour forget about 2 days.  
 
 
So we have been putting efforts only and results are coming. And as you rightly said, 
with the full backward integration with increase in agro pulp, with increase in wood 
pulp and with fuller utilization of the capacity to, let's say, 240,000 tonnes plus 
minus in the next financial year and with the installed commissioning of the new 
boiler, which could use 100% other than rice husk, biomass-based fuels. So results 
could be extraordinary also. Yes, I would comment only that I won't go beyond that. 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference back to the management for their closing remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
 
Rajinder Bhandari: 
Thank you, everybody, for your keen interest and your interesting questions. You are 
always welcome. If you have any queries, you can contact our CFO, Mr. Rachit and 
myself also. So thank you. Thank you for your interest once again. Thank you. 
 

 
Satia Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                      October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Satia Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
