 
 
 
DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES LTD. 
Knowledge Centre, Plot 58, Street No. 17, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 093. INDIA | Tel: +91 (22) 6102 0000/1/2   
|  Fax : +91 (22) 2834 3669  |  CIN: L72200MH1987PLC045205 | business@datamatics.com | www.datamatics.com 
November 4, 2022 
 
  To,  
Corporate Communication Department
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers, 
Dalal street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
  BSE Scrip Code : 532528  
 
    Symbol : DATAMATICS 
 
 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript for Q2FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, we would like to inform you that the 
Company has hold a conference call with the Analysts / Investors on Monday, October 31, 
2022 at 04:00 p.m. IST for management discussion on Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter and six months ended September 30, 2022. 
 
Please find attached transcript of the call on Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
and six months ended September 30, 2022. The same can be accessed on the below 
mentioned link: 
 
https://www.datamatics.com/about-us/investor-relations/earnings-call. 
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Datamatics Global Services Limited  
 
 
 
Divya Kumat 
EVP, Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary 
(FCS: 4611) 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
DIVYA 
KUMAT
Digitally signed 
by DIVYA KUMAT 
Date: 2022.11.04 
16:26:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
“Datamatics Global Services Limited  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL KANODIA - VICE CHAIRMAN & CEO - 
DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP MANTRI - EVP & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. MITUL MEHTA - EVP & CHIEF MARKETING 
OFFICER - DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA GUPTA - EY LLP, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
PRACTICE 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Datamatics Global Services Limited Q2 FY23 
earnings conference call. As, a reminder, all the participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and 
then "0" on your touch-tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Asha Gupta from investor relations, EY LLP. Thank you and 
over to you, Ms. Gupta. 
Asha Gupta: 
Good afternoon to all participants in the call today. Welcome to the Q2 FY23 earnings call of 
Datamatics Global Services Limited. The results and investor presentation have been already 
mailed to you and it is also available on our website, www.datamatics.com. In case anyone has 
not received a copy of the press release and presentation, please do write to us and we will be 
happy to send it out to you all. To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, 
we have with us the top management of the company represented by Rahul Kanodia – Vice 
Chairman & CEO, Sandeep Mantri – EVP & Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Mitul Mehta – 
EVP & Chief Marketing Officer. Rahul will start the call with a brief overview of the quarter on 
business, which will be then followed by financials which will be reviewed by Sandeep. We will 
then open the floor for Q&A session. As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is 
said on this call which gives any outlook for the future or which can be construed as a forward-
looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. 
These risks and uncertainties are included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the 
prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual report which you can find it on our website. 
With that said, I now hand over the call to Rahul. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thanks Asha. Welcome and thank you everyone for joining our Q2 FY23 Earnings Call. We are 
glad to have you all with us on this call today. I hope each and everyone of you had a great 
Diwali and I wish you a very happy and prosperous new year. We announced our Q2 FY23 
Results on October 28th detailing out our operational performance. I will touch upon some of 
the key business performance and Sandeep will update you on the financials, and post that, we 
will get into the Q&A. 
On the business front, I am happy with the overall performance of the business. We have 
continued our revenue growth momentum from Q1 FY23 and saw a growth of 14.2% on a year-
on-year basis. The year-on-year growth was broad based across all the 3 segments of Digital 
Operations, Digital Experiences, and Digital Technologies. Our EBIT margins on a year-on-year 
basis reduced marginally from 12.8% to 12.3%, primarily due to the increased cost of salaries 
and some cyclicality in our business. We are seeing a drop in margins across the industry this 
quarter; however, we are confident that our margins will be stable during the rest of the financial 
year. Our margins in the Digital Operations and Digital Experiences for this quarter remain 
healthy at 22.7% and 25.4% respectively. We expect these operations to continue giving healthy 
margins in the same range. Our margins in the Digital Technologies improved marginally from 
a negative 4.3% to a negative 2%. This improvement was driven by stabilization in a large 
shrinking account, growth in new customer acquisition, renegotiating prices, and de-weeding 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 7 
low-margin customers. In parallel, we continue to focus on the US and European markets. We 
are confident that we will further improve our margins in this financial year. 
Our attrition stood at 20% which is in line with the industry. This is the result of efforts we have 
put in into retaining, training, and upscaling key talent, as well as the market environment is 
cooling off a bit. We expect this to further come down in the coming quarters. 
While there are recessionary feelers on the horizon, we are not experiencing any shrinkage in 
demand. In Q2 FY23, we signed a new business worth $29 million which is about 50% more 
than Q1. In H1, we have signed a total contract value of $48.3 million and our deal pipeline 
remains healthy. 
In conclusion, going forward, we are optimistic about our overall demand environment and are 
confident of maintaining a growth of 15% in the coming year. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Sandeep Mantri. Sandeep over to you. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
Thank you Rahul. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us in the Q2 FY23 earnings call. 
I hope everyone had a wonderful time during the festive season. 
Let me take you through the financial performance for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. 
Our Q2 FY23 revenue stood at Rs. 343.4 crores which is up by 5.1% on a sequential basis and 
14.8% on a year-on-year basis. Our consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 51.7 crores 
which is up 8% on a sequential basis and 3.6% on year-on-year basis. Our EBITDA margin for 
the quarter was 15% compared to 14.6% in Q1 which is a slight increase from the last quarter. 
Our consolidated EBIT for the quarter was Rs. 42.9 crores which is up 9.1% on a sequential 
basis and 2.4% on year-on-year basis. Our EBIT margin for the quarter was at 12.5% compared 
to 12.1% in Q1 and we aspire to maintain this double-digit healthy margin in the coming quarters 
as well. 
Our Other Income on a consolidated basis stood at Rs. 9.6 crores compared to Rs. 13.2 crores in 
the last quarter. The primary reason for drop in Other Income was a one-time export incentive 
which was booked in the last quarter. 
Our tax rate for this quarter was at 23.8% compared to 17.3% in the last quarter. The primary 
reason for the increase in tax rate during this quarter is the change in profit mix of various legal 
entities. However, we expect our tax rate to be in the 20% to 22% range on a yearly basis. 
Our quarterly PAT after NCI was at Rs. 40 crores which is a growth of 13.2% on a year-on-year 
basis, however, there is a decrease by 7.9% on a sequential basis. 
When we come to our segment-wise performance, we have 3 segments which are Digital 
Operations, Digital Experiences, and Digital Technologies. Our Digital Operations revenue was 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 7 
at Rs. 143.2 crores which is down 2.9% on a sequential basis but has grown 12.6% on a year-
on-year basis. Digital Operations EBIT margin remains very healthy at 22.7%. 
Coming to our Digital Experiences, the revenue was at Rs. 52.4 crores which is up 13.4% on 
sequential basis and 39.9% on a year-on-year basis. Digital Experiences EBIT margin remains 
very healthy at 25.4%. 
Our Digital Technologies revenue was at Rs. 147.8 crores which is up 11% sequential basis and 
9.8% on a year-on-year basis. Digital Technologies EBIT margin for the quarter remains 
negative at 2% compared to 4.3% negative in Q1. Hence there is a recovery in profitability. As 
explained by Rahul, we are confident that we will further improve the margins for the Digital 
Technologies segment in this financial year. 
Coming to the half yearly financials, our revenue was at Rs. 670.3 crores for this half, which is 
a growth of 14.2%. Our EBITDA was at Rs. 99.5 crores which is up by 9% compared to H1 
previous year. Our EBITDA margin for H1 was at 14.8% compared to 15.6% in H1 of previous 
year. Our EBIT was at Rs. 82.1 crores, up by 9.2%. Our EBIT margin for H1 was at 12.3% 
compared to 12.8% in H1 of previous year. 
Our Other Income was at Rs. 22.8 crores as compared to Rs. 8.5 crores last year, which is a 
significant growth of 168%. This is primarily due to increase in investment income, exchange 
gain, and export incentive. Tax rate for H1 was at 20.6% compared to 20% in H1 of previous 
year. So, our tax rate is stable at 20% to 22%. Our PBT before exceptional item was at Rs. 103.1 
crores compared to Rs. 82.8 crores which is up by 24.5%. Our H1 PAT after NCI was at Rs. 
83.4 crores compared to Rs. 74.9 crores which is a growth of 11.3% over the previous year. 
If we see segment-wise results for the first half of FY23, our Digital Operations revenue was at 
Rs. 290.6 crores, up 15.3%. Digital Operations EBIT margin remains healthy at 23%. Our 
Digital Experiences revenue was at Rs. 98.7 crores which is 29.2% growth over the half of 
previous year. Digital Experiences EBIT margin remains healthy 24.4%. On Digital 
Technologies revenue, we were at Rs. 281 crores which is up 8.7% on YoY basis. EBIT margin 
for the H1 remains at minus 3.1%. 
Coming to the balance sheet, our balance sheet continues to remain at a very healthy position. 
As on September 30, 2022, our total cash & cash equivalents plus current investment (net of 
debt) stood at Rs. 375.9 crores. Talking about DSO, as of 30th September, we were at 62 days 
compared to 74 days as on 31st of March in the previous year. 
In terms of geographical perspective, US is the largest geography with 54% of our business 
coming from the US; India is 28%; rest of the world including the UK and Europe is 18%. In 
terms of industries, BFSI continues to remain the largest segment for us which is 24% of our 
revenue followed by Education & Publishing which is 23%, then Technology & Consulting 
which is 18%. Manufacturing, Infra, & Logistics is at 13%; non-profit or non-government 
organization at 11%; Retail at 7% of our business; rest all are 4% of our total revenue. Our client 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 7 
concentration remains very healthy with the top 5, 10, and 20 clients contributing to 26%, 35%, 
and 50% respectively. We added 26 new clients in this quarter. 
With this, I will now pass on the call to the operator to open the floor for questions. Thank you 
for your patience and continued interest in Datamatics. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. We will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. Our first question is from the line of Yash Patel 
from Choice International. Please go ahead. 
Yash Patel: 
May I know the total headcount for this quarter or any net addition for this quarter? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Total headcount for this quarter – we are running at about 11,300. Last quarter we were at 
10,900. So, we have had a net increase of about 400. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from RatnaTraya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Sir, how is the progress on our ticketing project revenues from Indian Metro? And what is the 
kind of scale-up we can expect in terms of domestic revenues going forward? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
I had mentioned in our earlier call that we have recently been awarded 2 contracts; one is Kolkata 
Metro which has been kicked off, the other one is NCRTC which is the Delhi-Meerut segment. 
Both these contracts have been awarded to us. We have started work on it. However, we have 
not accrued any revenues because it is still in the initial phase. But certainly within this financial 
year, we will see an uptick in the revenues from the AFC business. We have got a healthy 
pipeline. We have bid for several projects. But obviously, we cannot talk about them until we 
don't win them or lose them or until there is a clear decision. As those contracts materialize, we 
will certainly bring it to the notice of all the investors and analysts. Right now, the pipeline is 
looking healthy and we have got 2 large contracts recently, which have just about started. 
Pavan Kumar: 
How would the accounting be? In the sense, I am assuming the expenses part until now for that 
work on project would already have been done through P&L, right? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
Yes. 
Pavan Kumar: 
But the revenues not recorded? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
We account for the revenue based on percentage completion method, which is basically mark 
up over cost. So, estimated cost and estimated revenue and whatever is the markup, basis that, 
we recognize revenues. There is a very insignificant recognition as of this quarter, but from, I 
think, this current quarter, we will start accruing revenue for NCRTC as well as Kolkata Metro, 
both the projects. 
Pavan Kumar: 
From which quarter you said, sir? 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Sandeep Mantri: 
From this October quarter – Q3. 
Pavan Kumar: 
And once these particular revenues start kicking in, is there a chance if the global revenue growth 
also remains constant that we might overshoot our growth projection? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
As explained in the last call also, we are maintaining our guidance for revenue growth at about 
15% as of the moment because of many uncertain factors which are playing in the market. But 
having said that, it may grow beyond that as well. But as of now, we are mostly maintaining a 
guidance of 15% revenue growth. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
But our confidence remains high. 
Pavan Kumar: 
What can be the incremental expenses that should come on the cost structures going forward, 
especially on the employee front from the next quarter? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
On the employee front, the cost structure One is that we do see the market cooling off a little bit. 
So, we do see a reduced attrition, I mentioned in my address that it is running at 20% which is 
very much in line with the industry. Having said that, the attrition factor is still there. We have 
been able to renegotiate prices with several customers anywhere between 5% to 20% hike and 
that has offset some of the hike in salaries that we have had to give. So, I don't think the hike in 
salaries or the cost associated with that will be very high because we see the market cooling off 
a little bit and we have been able to adjust it with the price hikes that we have got from the 
customers. 
Pavan Kumar: 
What would be our outlook in terms of margins going forward? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
As we explained in the last call as well, our margins are likely to remain in the same range which 
is if we talk about EBITDA which is 15% to 16%; if we talk about EBIT, it is between 12% to 
13%. That's what we are maintaining. And if you see the last 2 quarters, we are in the expected 
range. 
Pavan Kumar: 
But we are not seeing any kind of deceleration there? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
No, not really. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shreya Bhivalkar, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Bhivalkar: 
My question is about moonlighting. I just wanted to know what are your views on moonlighting. 
As I see, industry views are kind of divided. So, just wanted to know will you allow it at 
Datamatics or how it is. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We do not encourage moonlighting. As it is, there is a shortage of staff and the attritions being 
high, people are working extra hours anyway. A few cases that have come to our attention, we 
have parted with those employees. We have had an honest conversation with them and then 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
when it was established that they were two-timing or three-timing, we did separate from them. 
As a company, our policy does not encourage moonlighting. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Asha Gupta. Please go ahead. 
Asha Gupta: 
I would like to ask that given the macro concerns are going on like in the US there is a fear of 
recession and Europe also is struggling on the macro levels like energy and gas things, do we 
see any pressure coming on our business due to these macro issues in the US as well as in the 
UK or Europe? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
No, we don't see any major impacof the uncertain environment in the world, but as I mentioned 
in my address that our pipeline is very strong – the number of deals we have signed – we have 
signed $29 million in Q2 which is almost 50% higher than Q1. So, we are not seeing any 
slowdown in our business. Having said that, there is this uncertainty that remains with the war 
with Ukraine and the China economic war that you see, oil prices, fear of Europe going into a 
recession. America fortunately seems to have bounced back. This quarter, they are showing a 
positive GDP growth, so that's looking positive. So, they seem to have turned the corner 
hopefully. Europe still is very uncertain and on a tightrope. But as far as our business is 
concerned, we don't see any major impact. 
Asha Gupta: 
In terms of industry-wise, do you see any pressure on any of the industries like BFSI or 
Education & Publishing or Technology? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
No, we see an even growth across the industries and no, we don't see anything. We have not 
been very heavy in the hospitality and transport segments and those were the ones that were hit 
quite badly by Covid. They seem to have bounced back but it is not impacting our numbers 
because those are not very large segments for us. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you everyone for being on the call with us. I once again wish you a very happy new year 
and hopefully we will meet next quarter and share some good stories about our performance. I 
look forward to engaging with you again in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Datamatics Global Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
