 
 
 
 
 
91 40 27840104 
 
 
 
 
 
Website: www.tciexpress.in  
Corporate Office: TCI House, Plot No. 69, Sector 32, Institutional Area, Gurugram - 122001, India  
Tel.: +91-124-2384090-94 • Email: info@tciexpress.in • CIN: L62200TG2008PLC061781  
Registered Office: Flat Nos. 306 & 307, 1-8-273, Third Floor, Ashoka Bhoopal Chambers, 
                                                                                                                                            S. P. Road, Secunderabad – 500003 • Tel.: ++91 40 27840104 
 
Date: November 05, 2022 
 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
  
Scrip Symbol: TCIEXP 
Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
 
 Scrip Code: 540212 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investors Conference call 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated, November 01, 2022, please find enclosed the text transcript of Investors 
Conference call, with regard to financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022, in 
compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
The transcript of the call has been hosted on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://www.tciexpress.in/investor-analyst-corner.aspx?invid=16. We request your good office to take the 
above information on records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TCI Express Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
Priyanka 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
 
PRIYANK
A
Digitally signed by 
PRIYANKA 
Date: 2022.11.05 
16:12:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“TCI Express Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Results Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. CHANDER AGARWAL - MANAGING DIRECTOR - TCI EXPRESS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. MUKTI LAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - TCI EXPRESS LIMITED 
 
MR. PABITRA MOHAN PANDA - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER - TCI 
EXPRESS LIMITED 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TCI Express 
Limited Q2 FY23 Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private 
Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company 
and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” 
on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi 
from PhillipCapital. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Thank you Inba. A good evening and a very warm welcome to everyone. 
Thank you for being on the call of TCI Express Limited. We are happy to 
have the management with us here today for question-and-answer 
session with the investment community. The management is 
represented by Mr. Chander Agarwal – Managing Director; Mr. Pabitra 
Mohan Panda – Chief Operating Officer and Mukti Lal – Chief Financial 
Officer. Before we start with the question-and-answer session, we’ll 
have opening comments from the management. I will hand over the call 
to Mr. Chander Agarwal for opening comments. Over to you sir. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and welcome to Q2 FY2023 earnings 
call of TCI Express Limited. I would like to thank you all for joining us 
here today. To start with, I will give you an overview of the Industry and 
Business for the quarter and then will hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. 
Mukti to brief on our financial performance for the quarter. Our 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Earnings Presentation has been uploaded on our website and stock 
exchange; and I hope you all had a chance to peruse it..  
The first half of the FY2023 continued to see recovery in our overall 
macro-economic scenario guided by strong government initiatives to 
stimulate the economy. The recovery trend was visible in many 
economic indicators like Index for Industrial Production, GST collection, 
stock market indices and report from external rating agencies. During 
the quarter, we saw an overall improvement in the output for the 
month of July with marginal decline in August primarily due to decline in 
manufacturing and mining sector. The E-Way bills generation is another 
factor that indicate the performance of the logistics sector. Overall, the 
E-Way bill generation for September ended on a strong note, reaching 
7.6 crore driven by ensuing festive season demand ie., a growth of 152% 
over pre-Covid period (October 2019-February 2020). Given this strong 
economic environment, the logistics sector continues to experience a 
recovery trend. TCI Express, being the market leader in express logistics, 
delivered highest quarterly revenue of Rs. 312 crores, registering a 
growth of 13.2% y-o-y and 6.8 % on sequential basis. The top line 
growth was primarily driven by SME customers, higher volume across 
the services. Automation of the sorting centres substantially increasing 
the daily capacity by reducing parcel handling time, vehicle halting time 
and labour involvement resulting enhancement of overall operational 
efficiency and strong sustainable margin. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 
54 crores with strong margin of 17.2% as compared to 15.3% previous 
quarter. The EBITDA and margins growth was primarily on account of 
higher capacity utilization and operational efficiencies. Coming to 
business update, during the first half of the year, we have incurred a 
total capex of Rs.50 crores which has been primarily spent towards land 
purchase in Kolkata for setting up automated sorting centre and 
network expansion by adding 22 new branches to serve a growing 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 22 
market. The ongoing automation and digitization will enable us to be 
much more efficient in delivering superior customer experiences and 
enhance operational efficiencies in the long run which enable us to 
deliver industry-leading performance. By leveraging our asset light 
structure with automation and digitization, we continue to enhance our 
competitive position as a leading provider of logistics services. Our 
newly launched services are going strength to strength. We expect the 
service offerings to contribute productively to the top line in the 
forthcoming quarters enabling us to deliver higher margin levels..  
From a balance sheet perspective, we continue to maintain strong 
capital structure providing us the financial flexibility. We continue to 
focus on balanced capital allocation and strengthening of our network. 
In view of our strong performance in the first half of the year, I am 
pleased to announce that the Board of Directors have recommended an 
interim dividend of Rs. 3 per share with a pay-out of 150% on the face 
value. Looking ahead, the industry remains poised to grow strong as the 
growth of the logistics sector is fully aligned with India’s economic 
growth potential. The recently launched ‘PM Gati Shakti National 
Master Plan’ by our Prime Minister for multimodal infrastructure 
connectivity to economic zones will get further boost with the launch of 
the National Logistics Policy. The policy will help significantly in 
transportation, warehousing, and inventory management. With major 
policy push aided by strong economic recovery, we remain confident in 
our ability, and our superior product offering will further help us to 
benefit from the growing opportunities. With our customer first focus, 
and innovation-driven asset light business model, we remain confident 
of our superior value-added service offerings and to retain our 
leadership position. With this, I would now like to hand over the dais to 
Mr. Mukti to talk about our financial performance for the last 
quarter.Thank you. 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Mukti Lal: 
Thank you Chander Sir. And now, I would like to discuss 
the financial performance of the company. During the last quarter, our 
Revenue from operations stood at Rs. 309.9 crores for Q2 FY23 as 
compared to Rs. 290.4 crores in Q1 FY23 and Rs 273.4 crores in Q2 
FY22. The Total income for the quarter was Rs. 312.2 crores as 
compared to Rs. 292.4 crores in Q1 FY23 and 275.8 crores in Q2 FY22 
translating into a sequential growth of 6.8% and 13.2% year on year. 
This significant growth is attributed to multiple factors like growth in 
demand from SMEs, improvement driven by automated sorting centre, 
higher capacity utilization, increased demand from rural areas, and 
festive season. Overall, the Total Income for the first half of the year 
stood at Rs. 604.8 crores as compared to Rs. 500.4 crores last year 
posting a strong year on year growth of 20.8%. We witnessed a strong 
improvement in EBITDA and margins as well and, the EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 53.7 crores with margins of 17.2% (15.3% margins in previous 
quarter). I am happy to report that for the first half of the year our 
EBITDA was Rs. 98.5 crores as compared to Rs. 81.3 crores for the same 
period last year. The Net Profit for the company in Q2 FY23 was Rs. 37.8 
crores with margins of 12.1% as compared to Rs. 31.0 crores and 
margins of 10.6% in Q1 FY23 and Rs. 34.0 crores and margins of 12.3% 
in Q2 FY22. Overall, the Net Profit for the first half was Rs. 68.8 crores 
with margins of 11.4% registering year on year growth of 19.0%.As far 
as our future focus is concerned, we will continue to invest in 
technology and automation to drive a more efficient operation and 
provide a superior customer service. We invested a capex outlay of 
Rs.50 crores during the first half of the year, towards the above. The 
ongoing automation and digitization will enable us to be much more 
efficient in delivering superior customer experiences and enhance 
operational efficiencies in the long run which enable us to deliver 
industry-leading performance. By leveraging our asset light structure 
with automation and digitization, we continue to enhance our 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 22 
competitive position as a leading provider of logistics services Going by 
the festive demand trend, government’s push in improving the overall 
connectivity across the country, I am highly optimistic of higher capacity 
utilization, better contribution from our new offerings like Pharma Cold 
Chain, C2C Express and Rail Express. The impact of these changes will be 
reflected in our financial performance in the forthcoming quarters.. 
Thank you very much and now I would like to open the floor for 
question & answer. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Amit 
Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have couple of questions; the first one is on the tonnage, what was the 
tonnage in Q2 FY23. And the second question is on working capital, so 
net working capital days if we see they were higher in this quarter, 
possibly due to higher receivables, do you see the possibility of the 
reversing and if so, what could be the net working capital days by the 
end of FY23. These are the quick questions sir. 
Mukti Lal: 
Well, so tonnage numbers in this quarter is 2,47,000 tonne. And in half 
year it is 4,77,000 tonne. And second question, you asked for the 
working capital days, yes, that has increased by almost nine days. And it 
is a very temporary because what happened in the last month of this 
quarter was the highest revenue we have achieved. That’s why it is a 
temporary impact on that and other aspect of that, in sundry creditors, 
we have paid some vendors  early due to this festival season. So one 
schedule we have made on some early payment to them. So that’s why 
it’s like a temporary impact in sundry creditors days and debtors’ days. 
So it will be normalized and in Q3 it will be normalized, back to kind of 
like 48 to 50 days in receivable days and 35 days in creditor side. So net 
working capital cycle will be back to 14 to 16 days. 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, basically Rs. 29 crores was locked up in receivable in this half year. 
So you’re saying that as the year goes by this also will be normalized? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, this will be also normalized, it may be like, your rightly said this is 
increased by Rs. 29 crore, it may be increased by year end and maybe 
Rs. 10 crore, Rs. 15 crore max in overall basis over last year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Alok Deora: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on the volume trend, how it has been 
and how is the festive season shaping up for us, looking at the numbers 
it seems it has been pretty good. Just because in some sections of the 
logistics segments, we have been hearing of some slowdown in 
September so just your thoughts on that? 
Chander Agarwal: 
I don’t see there’s a slowdown as such compared to other sectors, but 
in general the economy is doing quite well. And, in fact, most of the 
sector & verticals that we are in, we have not seen any sort of like a 
complete slowdown anything of that sort. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure. And also just wanted a sense on how is the Gurgaon sorting center 
has been coming up, because I understand that first couple of quarters, 
after the commissioning would have been more of a testing period type, 
so just how’s the feedback been? 
Chander Agarwal: 
So, coming up, it is already up and it is  running. We have already done 
the maximum, the impact has already been seen of labor reduction of 
trucks, that the time it takes for the trucks to, it used to take earlier, the 
halting period. But this has to be now extended to other locations to 
really get another set of benefits coming in. So, if you look at location A, 
B, and C, if you only do this from location A, and then you don’t do it in 
B, so you get only half of that benefit. So it’s very imperative that we do 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 22 
that location B also going so that, if the vehicle is halting say 24 hours on 
each side. And then that means it’s like almost 48 hours, and we were 
able to reduce it to 8 hours. So we had a substantial savings right there 
and then. So that sort of benefit will come as we keep going further into 
expanding automation into other sorting centers. This Gurgaon has 
been performing very well. And I invite all of you whoever can visit 
these plant and so you can really see what we are talking about. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure. And just last question. So how are we looking at deploying the 
automation at other centers like Pune and, how are we going to 
replicate that to other centers, any update on that, or any strategy we 
are about to have? 
Chander Agarwal: 
So, of course our goal is to cover major 10 to 11 in the next four to five 
years. And of course, the learning curve comes down with every sorting 
center that we automate. But the bureaucracy with the land and with 
the land acquisition and all of that, it is something that takes it’s own  
time. So and then, of course there’s construction, like our Gurgaon 
sorting center was slowed for two years unnecessarily, because of the 
pollution, norms, and construction has been halted again in Delhi NCR  
area. So, these sort of challenges are, it’s always going to be here in 
India and we have to deal with that. So looking at that, the four, five 
year plan that we have is kind of like quite alright to achieve it. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure. Just last question, so these margins of 16.5%- 16.6% that’s how 
are you looking at that in the second half, would it be at similar levels or 
could it further improve from here? 
Chander Agarwal: 
It will 100% further improve and there is no denial in that. There has to 
be always, there is no reason for it to come down. Because, like as I 
mentioned the economic conditions and everything, abide the inflation, 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 22 
everything seems to be in order and with that, there’s no reason for the 
margins to come down. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krupashankar NJ from 
Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Just couple of questions from my side, on the automation front, 
challenging you have mentioned that the turnaround time of course has 
improved with automation coming through new sorting centers, but 
with respect to margin improvements so given that our trucks are paid 
or vendors are paid on a per kilometer basis. So, the margin 
improvement, what would be the key drivers, if I were to understand? 
Chander Agarwal: 
Sorry, can you repeat last line what you said? 
Krupashankar NJ: 
So, what are the margins levers  for example, you do highlight that the 
margins will expand because of automation and that is more or less 
translating into a shorter turnaround time. So, what are the key drivers 
given that we are paying our vendors on per kilometer basis so the 
turnaround time should not matter which will restrict to margin profile. 
So, can you explain a little bit more detail on that front? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, well so, basically as Chander Sir mentioned we had a halting time 
right now in the range of 20 to 24 hour on both hands, like origin sorting 
center and destination sorting center, so supposing they are making a 
kind of like seven trip in a month from particular A location to B 
location. Now,  we have reduced the halting time on location A, that 
means their trip will be increased in a particular month. So, they will be 
saving on their fixed costs like  driver salary, insurance and truck cost, 
depreciation and everything they will be saving, and their inflow will be 
increased. So, whatever they will be saving,  they are sharing with us 
like they have done in the time of  increase in the axle load in these 
trucks and whatever saving they have because then they are fair with 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 22 
us. So, same way we are doing for this one, this is the one aspect. 
Second aspect obviously we also are able to reduce the labor 
component on these centers so that is also a part of direct cost and it 
will be also reducing on that one. Apart, we are enhancing company 
customer satisfaction level and is a low turnaround time, so itself low 
turnaround time is doubling the capacity of this existing center, we can 
be like process of double, triple cargo in the same centers by managing 
the speed of machine because it’s now completely automated one. So, 
in a  sense it is giving a high efficiency to us like you will be wondering, 
we can adjust the speed of  cargo  supposing on a lien time we can 
reduce the speed and in high time we can increase the speed. So, 
accordingly cargo will be processed on that. 
Chander Agarwal: 
In this sense, it is giving a very good kind of efficiency in this system 
overall, in the part of like efficiency improvement and also like 
reduction in cost also.  
Krupashankar NJ: 
So Mr. Mukti, order like on Gurgaon is done, then next would be Pune, 
then followed by Chennai and then can you just list down what are the 
key sorting centers which will be coming up the next two years if at all in 
commissioning itself by FY24? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, so basically we are trying to negotiate for now for Pune, then it will 
be come for Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, these are in line, and obviously 
Ahmedabad. I think by 2025 like three years down the line, we will be 
having a five more centres.  
Krupashankar NJ: 
Understood sir. And with respect to the truck utilization can you just 
elaborate your growth step for the quarter? 
Mukti Lal: 
The load factor in this quarter is 85%. 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Okay. And is there a guidance with respect to or are there a revision in 
the guidance with respect to revenue and margin for FY23 and if at all 
for FY24? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, whatever guidance we had given in inception of this year we are still 
on the same path, we will certainly achieve 18% to 20% revenue for the 
full year and same way we are also looking for FY24, and we obviously 
want to improve the margin level. So, margin level in this year, we are 
planning to have on full year basis is 17.5% and then next year again in 
the range of +18%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sagar Bhatia from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Bhatia: 
Quickly just want to understand the cold chain business and what 
margins are you looking at over there going forward for the next year? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, so in cold chain business we are just doing the pharma cold chain 
business we are not doing other businesses of food or other grocery 
items through refrigerated truck. Other thing we are also not doing the 
warehousing, we just doing the trucking of refrigerated truck.. So 
margin level in these trucks is also in the range of 18% to 20% and we 
are doing for the only pharma customer. Next year onwards it will also 
the same, we are looking for the same margin level because again if you 
see if we carry  perishable item we may not have that much margin but 
we are just carrying  high value medicines, high value vaccines 
everything we are carrying high value, that’s why margin level we are 
able to intact to in the range of 18% to 20%. Other aspect of that 
because we had a big branch network across India. So that’s why again 
same way like if we are doing in a surface truck, we are able to fill these 
trucks back , supposing one truck has moved from Pune to Delhi, then  
we have the cargo for the Delhi to Pune. So that’s where we are able to 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 22 
generate the good margin level, it is also same way asset light model. 
We are not owning or not planning to own any truck on our balance 
sheet. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from 
Naredi Investments. Please go ahead.  
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir our market share is 7% in India, which you show in investor highlight, 
where we can see in next five years this 7%. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Thank you for your encouragement. Now, I can tell you one thing that 
the market is so vast and 7% to 10% is what we say. Now, with the new 
policy coming up, this can easily go up to 15% to 18%, but the fact is 
that how do we determine that because government doesn’t give the 
data for GST collection of 18% versus 5% and all that. So, if you really 
see the expectation of course, logically it would mean that we are 
getting market share, larger the portion of the economy is becoming 
formalized is coming into the GST ambit is when we will see our market 
share also increasing in the organized segment. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. But, you will not be able to quantify, right? 
Chander Agarwal: 
See, it’s very early because we have to see COVID just got over, the war 
just started, war is one year going on. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir war impact is not on India at least. 
Chander Agarwal: 
But we are getting affected right, by the high fuel prices and that has 
also led to inflation not just here but globally. So it’s only and weird, if 
India had not done the deal with Russia, then we would be looking at 
absurd prices, all prices and inflation. So, there are multiple factors that 
we can watch out for. 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Ravi Naredi: 
And sir in Q2 how much volume growth and how much price growth? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, so, volume growth year-on-year basis was 12.5%. So, price increase 
hardly is 1% of that. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. And in buyback we are not offering any share in the market right? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, we are buying a share from the market regularly. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Yes, that I know but, promoter is not going to sell any shares, right? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, promoter is not participating in this buyback.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Radha from 
B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
So, my first question was, so we have reported around 7% Q-on-Q top 
line growth, so I believe that auto, pharma and truck goods are the 
primary sectors that we deal with. So, what are the underlying sectors 
that have shown highest growth in the demand? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, Radha you rightly said so, auto is a major contributor, auto and retail 
sector because this is a festival season, the pre Diwali month has gone. 
So, retail and lifestyle products and electronic items, they are major 
contributors in that and pharma is slightly kind of flat. 
Radha: 
Alright. Sir, my next question was that in FY23 we were estimating to 
take around 3% price hike and Q1 maybe we were not able to take, but 
how much price hike have we taken in this quarter and how much can 
we expect more for full year? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, we have till time we have taken almost 1.5% price hike and by year 
end we are targeting to have at least 2.5% to 3% price hike for the 
whole year. That is we are planning. So, again it is a very systematic 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 22 
process, these agreements with the customers is renewing in each year, 
annual basis it is rollover and wherever it come for the renewal we are 
asking for a hike from the customer, and we keep doing that. Radha:
 
Sir, with respect to price hikes during that we are in an 
inflationary scenario and all, so what do you see, how are the peers 
performing in this area, are they able to take price hikes as well as you 
or is there a gap? 
Mukti Lal: 
No, so you rightly said sometimes customer is pressurizing not to 
increase the price due to  their cost has also increased abruptly. So 
that’s why we are also very cautious and don’t want to be unnecessarily 
pressure the customers. So wherever it’s possible, we are seeing various 
aspect, their business volume and which sector they are giving the 
volume, whether they are fulfilling our return loads and all, so after 
seeing various factors, then we  have emphasized price hike. 
Radha: 
And how much revenue is from value added services for first half  FY23? 
Mukti Lal: 
It is around 16% of overall revenue. 
Radha: 
And my last question was, previously we were of the thought process 
that we will not increase revenue from e-commerce given that they are 
not that profitable. So are we still on the same stance or is there some 
changes seen in the sector given that some of the peers have raised 
concerns with respect to growth in e-commerce, so what is your 
perspective on e-commerce as of now? 
Chander Agarwal: 
Our stand is the same, we will not touch it because we know that it is 
not profitable, and it will ruin our B2B business. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Prit 
Nagersheth from Wealth Finvisor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Prit Nagersheth: 
So, Chander one question I wanted to ask you is that, you have given 
quite an update on the Gurgaon sorting center, but one aspect is that 
have you finished all the complete implementation of it or is there 
something remaining on the Gurgaon side? 
Chander Agarwal: 
It’s all done, it’s all complete, the study is done, everything is done. The 
opening is for all the investors, there’s a big group coming to see it. 
Mukti has a details that will be coming. So you can join them.  
Prit Nagersheth: 
Okay, would love to. But my question is that have you achieved all the 
key objectives that you had with that sorting center? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, And that’s  why we have taken a long time because the first time 
we have launched this automation in B2B industry in India, so we make 
a lot of studies and then finally, we are able to stabilize everything 
August onwards. We have stabilized the process of vehicles moment for 
like branch to this centre and then this centre to destination sorting 
centre, their timings, everything like labor reduction or labor 
optimization we had done. We also put a weighing scale there so now 
we had a kind of weight management also we had done. So, everything 
whatever we have put a component to be made there and we have list 
out and then everything has been achieved now. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Established our ESG goals with it, it is 100% solar light, it has got the, 
now we are getting that green certificate for it. So it’s like one of the 
most important sorting centers that has come up and we will make 10 
of these like that. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
Okay, that’s great. So, Mr. Chander the reason I was saying, setting this 
up was because basically this means that this was your first launch. So 
now that all your SOPs are in place, and all the learnings are in place, 
would you say that the next center that you’re building for Pune, you 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 22 
would be able to achieve what you did with Gurgaon in much lesser 
timeframe?  
Chander Agarwal: 
What will be sorry? 
Prit Nagersheth: 
Whatever you’re looking to achieve in Pune, you will be able to achieve 
it in lesser timeframe than what you did with Gurgaon? 
Chander Agarwal: 
No, because it’s not Gurgaon it’s Pune, it has its own challenges. It has 
its own micro and macro environment. So everything is vary  our 
country is very dynamic. So East is different, West is different, North is 
different, Central is different. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
Sure. Chander any insight on the C2C and the Rail Express, how is the 
traction on these two?  
Chander Agarwal: 
No, B2C is average, there’s nothing we are doing in that, there are 
better companies than us in B2C who are doing and Rail Express is doing 
very well for us.  
Prit Nagersheth: 
I meant C2C, like how are we doing with the C2C side?  
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So, C2C it is again a niche segment and we are doing well and this 
business is increasing, like if you talk about in this quarter so it is 
increasing around 14% and this is growing well and it is also like giving 
the similar kind of margin to us. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
Okay. And what about Rail Express, is the attraction going, have you 
started new routes as you’re planning to? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, so we have actually given the update in our earning presentations 
also. So that route has increased, number of customers has increased. 
Now various number of customers are repetitive in the nature, so they 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 22 
are again and again using this service, so this is getting attraction, and 
it’s going fantastically well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take our next question from the line of Ash Shah from 
Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ash Shah: 
So, first question was that Chander Sir you had mentioned that we have 
added 22 branches in this quarter. So, how many branches are we 
planning to add in FY23 and 24. Also, if you could provide any particular 
geography that we are concentrating on? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, so basically in this half year we added  22 branches in North and 
West, majorly one in the West and then North and the remaining six 
months we are planning to be open in the range numbers around 50. In 
FY24 again we want open 100 number. So, basically we are expanding 
wherever we can. Before opening up any branches we do the study 
there whether  it is a viable  to open the branch and oversee  another 
aspect like we had to  see it has to be on a particular route where our 
existing truck is going go so additional cost should not be incurred on to 
carry the material from that branch to nearby sorting center and vice 
versa. So, these various aspects we are seeing and then opening up the 
branches. 
Ash Shah: 
So, basically we are going to add 72 branches in FY23 which is lower 
than 100 that we were targeting. So, any reason for the deviation or 
something? 
Mukti Lal: 
No, nothing is, it’s a as usual thing we making the study and then 
opening up some time is not possible, sometime it’s possible. 
Ash Shah: 
Okay. Next on, can you just give us the contribution of retail SMEs and 
large accounts for this particular quarter, and what are the targets that 
we are planning to achieve on that front? 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Mukti Lal: 
Basically, in this quarter particularly it is a 52% to 48% ratio, 52% is from 
SME and 48% from the big customer. And for the whole, this half year it 
is around 51% and 49%. So, always our endeavor to be maintained to 
50% though, it is very easy to increase the business from the big 
customer because they’re giving the big volumes, but we have to be 
balance out both thing to maintain our margin level and fulfill   factor in 
trucks. So that’s why we are taking a very balanced approach always. 
Ash Shah: 
Okay. And last question, so after this Gurgaon center we are planning to 
build a Kolkata center. So, how long will that take, the land acquisition 
has been completed and could you give the timelines for the other 
sorting center also like Nagpur, Chennai and Mumbai? 
Mukti Lal: 
Because Kolkata we just bought the land it will take the time to start the 
construction because Eastern sector there still has some more 
challenges than other parts of India for approval and everything. So, 
Chennai will be first come to that, and then subsequently Kolkata will 
become and then Mumbai, Ahmedabad and Nagpur will be 
operationalized. 
Ash Shah: 
Okay. So Chennai will come in FY23 or FY24? 
Mukti Lal: 
It will be mid of next year, FY24. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mayur Parkeria from 
Wealth Managers (India) Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, again on the Gurgaon center actually, when I joined there was a 
question already going on. So, I may have missed a part of it, I had the 
question on the same side. The parameters which you must have said 
earlier, so some of the benchmarks and milestones. Is there any major 
changes in which where your expectations have not been met as per 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 22 
what we had earlier anticipated in terms of either efficiency or in terms 
of cost structure, just as an experience? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, not really but we are facing challenge, because this is a vice-a-versa 
also like we sending the truck to other destination there, they do not 
have any automation. So, sometimes they get delayed the things to 
unload and load the things. So, subsequently this truck will also then 
reach late. So, we are putting a parameter that what time they should 
reach and must be carrying like priority there on these center, so it will 
reach back to my this center back. So, these challenges we are just 
testing and putting some strict SOP to fulfill by all the other centers 
basically, that’s the challenge we have otherwise we already met all 
parameters and it is running very smooth. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. Sir, I know it may be a little directional statement, but just to we 
want to get a little more clarity on that, FY25 we said around Rs.+2,000 
crore turnover is our target, we are at a Rs. 1,200 crore run rate on an 
annual basis, you said FY24, we can still target 20% but the ask rate then 
for FY25 would be substantially higher at 40% is that the best way to 
read or because from Rs. 1,200 to Rs. 2,000 is a +30% ask rate whereas 
for FY24 if we are at only 18%, 20% then FY25 ask rate will be much 
higher is it because more centers will come up or is there a directional, 
just a clarification that’s it.  
Mukti Lal: 
Basically  this is not the correct numbers what you are saying. In this 
year this run rate in this quarter was Rs.310 crore and next six months 
we’ll be getting around 675 crore kind of revenue we will get in next 
two quarters. If you see the trend we had the Q4 is the highest revenue 
quarter. So we are targeting like Rs.1,275 crore or Rs.1,300 crore 
revenue and that subsequently you will be that rate will get reduced like 
20% in next year then it will become 1600 crore and then obviously 
20%, 25% will become Rs.2,000 crore and why we are saying because 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 22 
we already have, we are ready for the next growth level. Like we 
launched the services in last year only and they are maturing now, 
customer we are finding new customer we already for the different, 
independent team to we get businesses in this new streams or new 
services we have launched like Rail, C2C, and cold chain pharma and we 
are also like adding up the branches. Now, this automation is also 
obviously helps us to get the good customers experience on that. So, if 
you put together all things we are on right path obviously and apart 
from that we also will be taking the price hikes also from customer, 
supposing in next year inflation is not so high. So, we will be able to take 
slightly more price hikes from the customer. So all depends, but yes we 
sincerely making the effort to become a Rs. 2,000 crore company by 
2025 with the EBITDA margin level of 20%. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
So, I had just one last question for Mr. Agarwal, little a strategic 
question from a broader term. Sir we have increased our total services 
now if you look at whether it’s a normal B2B Express, C2C now added, 
Rail added, cold chain added, Rail, so many the segments are, more and 
more segments are increasing. So from a management perspective, do 
you think that it will be from a customer standpoint is it an integrated 
service offering and hence there is no need to add segment or SBU level 
precedent kind of our senior management or do you think that at some 
point of time we will have to require key heads to lead each vertical 
because they will have an independent offering and need to be driven 
independently. From a structure perspective how do you foresee as the 
scale is also improving? 
Chander Agarwal: 
You got that right. As the business volume and the business itself grows, 
there will be definitely independent head running their business.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. And do you see that foreseeing in the next two years or will it be 
faster on it?  

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Chander Agarwal: 
See, we are not the kind of company that we will just add man power 
just for the sake of adding it. So we will see how the business grows and 
then you will do it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Sumit Jain from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Jain: 
Just wanted to know what is the margin differential between our SME 
business and large corporates?  
Mukti Lal: 
So, it is actually significant difference  in retail and big customers.  It is 
almost a gap of 25% to 30% in general sense I’m saying though, because 
again depending on sector-to-sector, segment wise like, engineering 
goods is giving higher margin in comparision to retail business. So, 
various dynamic factors are also there but in general sense yes, it is 
almost 25% to 30% difference is there. 
Sumit Jain: 
Okay. And when you said 58% is the mix, this is by volume or by value? 
Mukti Lal: 
I said it’s 52%. 
Sumit Jain: 
52% by value? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman that was the last question. I now hand 
the floor back to the management for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Thank you all for participating in tonight’s event. And we are really 
excited about the opportunity that awaits us in the next half of the 
financial year. And I look forward to speaking to everyone again, 
accordingly. Thank you very much, and have a pleasant evening. 

 
 
 
TCI Express Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Management: 
Thank you everyone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of PhillipCapital 
(India) Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
For more information please contact: 
 
Mukti Lal 
VP & CFO, TCI Express 
+91 124 238 4090 - 4094 (Extn. 606) 
mukti.lal@tciexpress.in  
Anvita Raghuram / Bhushan Khandelwal 
Churchgate Partners 
+91 22 6169 5988 
tciexpress@churchgatepartners.com 
 
 
