  
 
 

 
November 4, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498
 
 
Ref.: Transcript of the Investor call 
 
 
Dear Sir (s)/ Madam(s),  
 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated October 31, 2022, for Audio of Conference Call with 
the investors on the financial results for the 2nd quarter ended September 30, 2022, in this 
connection please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company www. 
mswil.motherson.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
 
 
 
Encl:a/a 
 
5HJG2IILFH
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited
8QLWė&:LQJ21(%.&*%ORFN%DQGUD.XUOD&RPSOH[
%DQGUD(DVW0XPEDLė0DKDUDVKWUD,QGLD
Corporate Office: 11th Floor, Plot No. 1, Sector-127, Noida-201301 (Uttar Pradesh) 
7HO)D[
&,11R/0+3/&
(PDLOLQYHVWRUUHODWLRQV#PVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
ZHEVLWHZZZPVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed by 
POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2022.11.04 
18:05:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
(Unedited Transcript of the conference call held on 31st October 2022) 
 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL  
CHAIRMAN,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL  
DIRECTOR,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT  
COO AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. G. N. GAUBA  
CFO,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
COO AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR,  
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL) 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY23 Results Conference Call of 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal. Thank you and over to you, Mr. 
Sehgal. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you very much. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. We are here to answer your 
questions on our results. A brief about this year it is a work in progress kind of a quarter, good 
indication will be available at the moment you see the half yearly results with the first quarter. 
The turnover is up almost about 31% with cost net figure of Rs. 1,800 crores which is very 
heartening. We have 2 new branches that have been started in this quarter, so the results on the 
quarter might look damp but we are very sure that the things would be mitigated very soon with 
the customer because most of the costs have been done in consultation along with the customer. 
With this, I hand this back and would be ready for your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Kindly proceed. 
Kapil Singh: 
My first question is on the onetime cost that you have talked about in the presentation, would it 
be possible to explain in slightly more detail on both of these bullets that we have, the initial 
startup costs, ideally if you can quantify both of these initial startup costs and additional costs to 
meet increase volume because at least on a Q-on-Q basis, what we have seen is about 10% 
increase  in revenues, so was there some element like excess capacity requirement which led to 
higher freight cost or manpower cost and also how will these onetime costs shape up in the 
coming quarter, will they be mostly eliminated in the coming quarter itself or it could take some 
time? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Gauba, can you answer this question along with Anurag? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Kapil, as Mr. Sehgal said in preamble and we have also explained that we have begun two plants 
which are at a final stage, one in Chennai and another one in Bangalore, while we have employed 
the manpower who are being trained and in certain reasons as you might be aware there is a 
significant increase in the minimum wage cost from this quarter, so while it may be possible to 
quantify some part of it, but not all because these costs will get offset in two ways, number one, 
when the volumes come, the matching revenues will come more likely from next 2 quarters, 
more so in quarter 4 as well as the efficiency level was up, whatever is the front uploading of 
the resources that got reduced as well as the support from the mother plant in the other region. 
So, this is how this cost will get neutralized. The second question, in terms of the excess capacity 
or those things, that is also in relation to the other customers where we had a demand and in 
order to meet the demand we had to ensure that we will meet the customer demands for which 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
we have to incur additional cost on the manpower as well as both incoming and outgoing freight 
expedited cost. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sir, will it be possible to quantify this, the costs that we have incurred ballpark what range it 
would be? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Let me see if we can share it in some form or the other, but we would like to, because it gets 
distributed from the support coming from the other plants also. That is the reason we are not able 
to put it in one cost bucket, but surely we will try if we can put it in some form, but on a ballpark, 
you can say between Rs. 30 crores or so plus minus. 
Kapil Singh: 
And sir, one question, the second question was on the commodity cost as well, we have seen 
copper prices dropping by 15% for the quarter, but we have seen an increase in raw material to 
sales for the company, so if you could just help us understand how does the pricing work with 
the customer and when will we see the benefit of lower copper price? 
G. N. Gauba: 
As you are aware, we have a passthrough arrangement with the customers which could be 
different for different customers, I mean it is mostly quarterly, but that quarterly need not be a 
calendar quarter. When we are talking about a comparison either with the previous quarter as 
well as from the last year, while there is a decline, but there is also a Japanese Yen movement 
which is also impacting the sales price or the material consumption. At the same time, we do 
have purchases in the US dollar which will have adverse impact on the raw material cost, but I 
would say Kapil, it is in our given the number of child parts what we do and the number of 
customers which we are adding, the new products, which we have added in the last quarter, it is 
almost difficult to do comparison 1:1 from the previous quarter or same period last year, but yes, 
on an overall basis, the impact of these factors would get neutralized because we have always 
said that copper is a passthrough arrangement. Surely, there will be some additional cost which 
goes including the raw material when you are training the people or when you are setting up of 
the units. 
Kapil Singh: 
So, sir, can we at least say that the cost has peaked for you and if directionally things should 
improve going ahead? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Yes, we hope the prices become stable and then there is always a condition that future is 
something which is neither you are aware nor I am, but if the things get more stabilized, then the 
things should do better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. Kindly 
proceed. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Just a clarification first, this Rs. 30 crores impact which you mentioned that is for both the items, 
right, startup cost as well as higher cost to meet demand? 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
G. N. Gauba: 
No, these cost would be more in the nature of the manpower costs which are not being fully 
utilized, expedited cost as well as in terms of certain costs which go into a new unit in the initial 
setup including some of the assembly boards or tools which we have to develop for the new 
plants. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And secondly, with respect to commodity side, so would it be fair to say we saw some increase 
in commodity cost in this quarter because of reasons like sale purchase effect which is there and 
which may normalize the cost stabilizers going forward? 
G. N. Gauba: 
I mean it is a factor of many aspects, I mean you are right, there could be a cycle, there could be 
also foreign exchange which could have an impact as well as the product mix because you are 
not producing the same set of harnesses which were produced in the previous quarters, so this 
will always remain into a broader range rather than being specific, but as we have always focused 
on how we can improve upon what the current business is, so this is where the focus of the team 
is how we can going forward, a, mitigate some of the cost escalations which has actually 
happened or will continue or get a compensation from the customer, b, improve upon internal 
efficiencies as we stabilize on the new units. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
The customers have been asking us for lot of increase on the supply side and that has also helped 
us to actually negotiate with them in a much faster pace the compensation of the same that can 
be there_ but go ahead for the second question, please. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Second question is on the CAPEX side, so first half we incurred close to 85 crores of CAPEX , 
would you expect similar run rate for second half or last part of this CAPEX for Bengaluru and 
Chennai plant is done, so second half would be much lower than that? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Jinesh, as we had given a guidance for Rs. 125 crores plus minus 25 plus or minus, but so we 
have Bangalore and Chennai, most of the CAPEX is already over, but as we are seeing a good 
robust demand coming from the customer, so there we will always we need to balance more and 
more capacity, but we should remain within our range what we guided originally. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So, primarily between Rs. 125 to Rs. 150 crores is what it should be for FY23? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandan NL from Emkay Global. Kindly 
proceed. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Sir, with reference to the new projects company has been focusing on high voltage wiring 
harness for EVs and earlier you had indicated that supplies have commenced to customers in 
EVs, two-wheelers and buses, if possible can you provide some color in terms of how the 
customer additions are proceeding and what portion of revenues or future order books will be 
EV related projects? 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
These are early days definitely we can give some more color, but still differentiation of EV as 
the percentage there is more, but Pankaj, Gauba, Anurag if you can add some color to this. 
Pankaj Mital: 
Ragunandanji, this is Pankaj, so on the high voltage side, of course as Mr. Sehgal said the 
penetration is not so big at the moment, but then as we had mentioned earlier, we are 
continuously  engaged with the customers and adding on more customers in the three areas of 
be it pass cars, two-wheelers or the buses as well and even on the smaller segments like the small 
trucks and other things, whatever and even the machine maker, so wherever the customers have 
required that, you company is at the forefront of providing solutions to the customers. 
Raghunandan NL: 
On the high voltage part, would it be possible to indicate what would be the current level of 
localization, how do you see this localization increasing in future over the coming quarters or 
years? 
Pankaj Mital: 
It is depending on the customers and some of the customers, there is good amount of localization, 
although most of the connectors are imported as of now, but some localization is going to take 
place even on the charging side and we all are working together with our customers to provide 
more and more localization as the time passes, be it the cables or some of the connections. As 
you know that there is a huge variety at the moment and as things stabilize a step by step 
approach between us and the customers together. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinod Malviya from Union Mutual Fund. 
Kindly proceed. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Sir, my first question was regarding the raw material, so was there any inventory loss during the 
quarter when I say inventory loss and the copper price have fallen by 15% on quarter-on-quarter 
basis, so where you are holding any copper inventory which led to inventory write-offs during 
the quarter? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Sir, we are not holding any stocks of the copper, what we buy wire and then based on the MOQs 
or the economic order quantity, there could be some stocks, but normally even the wires that we 
buy from our parent company, SAMIL as you are aware of MSEW, we buy just for next 2 days 
or 3 days, so the inventories of wires would also be limited, I mean it is such a bulky item, you 
can't stock of it either and we do not do any hedging or those things, because it is a passthrough 
with the customer. 
Vinod Malviya: 
The second question was on the employee cost, as you said that there were two new facilities 
which have started and there was an initial startup cost, should the Rs. 17 crores are employee 
cost in this particular quarter what we have seen, should we see this as a normalized run rate and 
from here onwards we should see a very normalized growth in the employee cost or there could 
be some further increase in the employee cost in the coming quarter? 
G. N. Gauba: 
I think there are two parts to it, number one we are talking about the new units which we have 
set up and where we have not yet got the matching revenues coming to that. Secondly, growth, 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
one of the important aspect which you have seen is that there is a robust growth which is coming 
and there is a demand, so if there is a demand and we are expanding the capacities and adding 
more lines even in the existing capacity, so the direct manpower cost in absolute amount can 
vary, but surely our endeavor would be to achieve the ramp-up and the efficiency sooner, so that 
we are able to bring down these cost as a percentage to sales, but we do see a good growth in the 
market. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Any number which you would like to quote over here as a percentage of sales, employee cost 
should ideally in what range currently it is 17.5%, what should be the ideal numbers which one 
should work with? 
G. N. Gauba: 
That would be too micro guidance for me to give because product mix as well as the ramp-up of 
the new programs or those things, so as of now, we have not been guiding on a quarter or for a 
year basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan from Bank of America. Kindly proceed. 
Gunjan: 
I just had two quick followups, I am not very clear on this copper contractual passthrough, I 
understand it is the passthrough and I shouldn’t focus too much on the percentage, but would 
you give some sense on what is the typical time lag, is it 6 months, is it 3 months for the copper 
correction to start reflecting in the contracts? And the second question, I think you mentioned is 
that there could be various moving parts in terms of mix in terms of currency, if you can give 
some color on mix, by mix you mean the vehicle categories or how should I be thinking about 
the mix, is it OEM mix, is it segment mix, what is it that really dragged the gross margin is what 
I am trying to understand? 
G. N. Gauba: 
One, as far as the copper contractual is concerned, as you might be aware the wiring harness part 
numbers are too many, too large, no two harnesses go into one model, so you have given the 
number of path numbers where the copper is being used and one needs to carry out the 
adjustment, there is normally a quarter lag, so something like may be in a simple word this 
quarter will, average copper price will apply to the next quarter. In some cases, the calendar 
quarter may not be followed by the customer, it could be a different basis which may be adopted 
by the customer, so when we talk about a lag, that is what we talk about a lag and that lag is not 
only for copper but also for Japanese Yen, particularly when we talk about the moving parts or 
the product mix, we are talking about there are many new part numbers, new models which have 
been introduced recently and which are also in the pipeline, so the harnesses or the products 
which we were supplying a year ago or 2 years ago are not the same as today. Some of these 
product mix has also necessitated because of the supply chain issue, for example, when the chips 
are in short supply, some of the customers have focused on supplying those models where the 
uses of the chips is lower. So, the point which we are making within a customer, there could be 
a change in the part numbers, which we are actually supplying which could have a varying local 
content, which could have a varying copper content as well as the varying contribution levels. 
So, this is what we talk about. On the foreign exchange, as you know the Japanese Yen has been 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
at a historical lowest level, in fact it touched the US dollar to Yen is 150 whereas US dollar has 
been strengthening, so in terms of if we have imports also child parts which are coming in US 
dollar that will have adverse impact on the cost whereas on the Japanese Yen, it will get 
neutralized till the time the customer had to adjust these prices is over. 
Gunjan:  
This is clear, just one quick if I can add on, just these new plants, the Bangalore and the Chennai 
one, these are both in the high voltage segment, right, these were to address the EV segment if I 
recall, so the ramp up as it flows through from these two plants should be at higher margins, is 
that a fair assessment, particularly the Chennai one? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I don’t think we ever mentioned that, but these are for both, the EV and the ICE engine, also for 
the hybrid engine, so I don’t think Pankaj, have we advised on what the harness we will be 
making because that is contrary to Motherson? 
Pankaj Mital: 
No, these are not the plants, as these are as you rightly said, these are for both low voltage and 
hybrid vehicles and ma'am may be referring to the earlier discussions we had in the previous 
discussions that we had set up EV facilities also in our current plant in Chennai, because in 
Chennai we have multiple plants, so this is not about the new plant, but the earlier plant where 
we have mentioned that we have EV harness processing in Chennai as well as Pune as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. 
Kindly proceed. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
It can be a repeat question, in the initial part when you said the Rs. 30 crores cost incrementally 
for ramping up the new facilities which got distributed between staff cost and other expenses, so 
does the percentage of sales that will come down with revenue ramping up or this absolute cost 
will go out in subsequent quarter, so if you can help out to understand that? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Yes, I think I had also answered in the previous question, the cost in relation to the manpower 
cost or those will come down as the revenues will come from these facilities. There could be 
some front ending of the resources also, so that efficiency levels it gets more evened out. Certain 
costs which are onetime cost like if we are spending on the assembly boards or some tools or 
fixtures, these get eliminated altogether, so it is a combination of the two. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, out of the Rs. 30 crores, how much is for those oneoff which will get eliminated? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Sir, I think that would be too micro details. We can get it more as the revenue growth in that 
case. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And second question as a continuation of the last couple of questions, so like because of product 
mix, currency moves and all those reasons that we mentioned in this gross margin further 
deteriorated and overall margin is at the single digit level, so as an external percentage of expense 
how to look at the gross margin volatility down the line, how one should look at the factors 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
which will deliver the stability of the gross margin down the line, how to look at that from our 
2-4 quarters perspective? 
G. N. Gauba: 
I think this is the reason why we don’t guide you on the margins and we say our focus is on 
return on capital employed because I think the moment we get into more discussion on the gross 
margins which can vary because of different factors and MSWIL business is  now very focused 
on the domestic market business depending upon the import content, localization and all those 
things, it can actually put us into the same mode, so that is why we have been since 90 we have 
been guiding on the return on capital employed. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And from gross margin perspective, any preventive headwinds till persisting or remaining which 
can potentially impact in subsequent quarters or largely you see as today's rate that cause 
dynamic moving parts, gross margin would have bottomed out? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
You are assuming that we can predict the future, but we are grateful that you think we have that 
confidence that we can do that, but Gauba I am sure you can answer this question as like you are 
looking at magic ball. 
G. N. Gauba: 
I think we have already said this in our presentation as well as in Chairman speech that whatever 
we had the change in the cost structure whether current, so we are ongoing discussion with the 
customer, so that we can mitigate some of these cost escalations. So, to that extent, there is a 
change in the cost structure and that is for all, so that gets offset from the price and rest of it is 
internal efficiency improvements, setups and all that so it is like all the 3 parts. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Kindly proceed. 
Kapil Singh: 
So, can you talk about these new facilities, Bangalore and Chennai by when can we expect a 
reasonable level of ramp-up at this time, this is going to happen in the current financial year 
itself or it could take a year or so? 
Pankaj Mital: 
This is Pankaj here. We expect ramp-ups happening and we can’t give a specific date because 
these are all car maker related volumes, but maybe we would see Q4, Q1 of next year, so not 
like another one year or something, but may be next 2-3 quarters. 
Kapil Singh: 
And if you could also elaborate a little bit, you mentioned that we are in discussions with the 
customers for alignment to new cost structure, if you could just elaborate a bit what do we exactly 
mean by new cost structure? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Kapilji, it means that whenever there are some unprecedented costs which have been increasing, 
then that is what we mean by the new cost structure, so if the human resource costs have gone 
up beyond normal levels with which it goes up, then that is the thing we are discussing. That is 
anything which is because that is the way it is a very transparent working with our customers. 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Kapil Singh: 
So, this is mainly referring to the human resources cost which we had to incur because of 
minimum wages? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Yes, as well as like freight cost or during the ramp-up if there are certain things, so all those 
things are part of our discussions with our customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonal Gupta from L&T Mutual Fund. Kindly 
proceed. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Just continuing with Kapil's questions, like I am just trying to understand he asked, like we have 
passthrough for the raw material and related costs and I would imagine that like may be some 
cost like you are pointing out that may be there is a sudden beyond minimum wage increase etc., 
which is impacting you, but is there a new cost element here or is it because RM etc., of course 
FX you have been passthrough, right? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Sonalji, we have a passthrough only for the copper that was the past because historically, we 
have never seen component makers asking for price revisions and all that. So, there is a 
passthrough for copper as well as for Japanese Yen, so when it comes to certain other inflationary 
trends as you have seen, globally component manufactures, supply chain issues or those were 
the costs which were historically at the same level, similar level, they have changed quiet 
substantially. So, that is something which is a change in the cost structure or cost scenario, just 
to answer your question at a broad prospective, but surely, some of the factors which you talked 
about on a product mix or those things can vary the raw material cost, but that can change our 
value addition and all that depending upon the localization level, import contents, etc. 
Sonal Gupta: 
But just to clarify, so you only have for Japanese Yen, is it because you don’t have much of US 
dollar imports or you don’t have a passthrough for US dollar imports? 
G. N. Gauba: 
These are very specific details. It can vary from customer to customer here, Sonal.  
Sonal Gupta: 
At a general level we don’t have a large US dollar imports, would be correct assumptions, is it? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Car makers are not here anymore, so on the lighter side, but Gauba, you can answer that. 
Pankaj Mital: 
Sonalji, wherever we do have now a large, if there are projects which have large US dollar we 
do, undertake also for those projects to cover ourselves up on that is the volatility which is there 
in the US dollars, but like Mr. Gauba said, it is true that in the past the major imports were from 
dollars and then we had a good localization content and it is not just a currency, but it is also as 
you mentioned about the inflationary tendencies globally which have impacted the component 
makers which led to the cost increase as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priya Ranjan from HDFC. Kindly proceed.  
Priya Ranjan: 
Just one thing, what is the imported content in your raw material? 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
The tough questions, there are so many important new models, old models, very difficult to 
quantify, but Gauba, can you give the answer to this. 
G. N. Gauba: 
Normally, we do this exercise at the year-end as part of the requirement, but let us see if we can 
take that data separately, but as of now, I don’t have this number available with me. 
Priya Ranjan: 
Has it changed dramatically with more of a hybrid etc., models going on stream? 
G. N. Gauba: 
I mean as a percentage, hybrid and EV will not be a larger percentage, but from model to model, 
it can vary as Mr. Sehgal already said in the preamble that it is very difficult to describe on that 
with it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal for closing comments. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you very much. It is a work in progress kind of quarter because we had huge expansion 
on the same side, the plants are almost ready for production, so I think you would see the efforts 
of team to mitigate whatever pressures for last quarter and it happened very soon and I think you 
would see that the company comes up very strong in the coming quarter and the quarters. So, 
thank you all very much and thank you very much for attending this. Good bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Safe Harbour : The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for grammatical, 
punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at 
website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the 
management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can may include forward-looking 
statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, 
which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially 
from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company 
disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, 
accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the 
relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
