 
 
HOUSING DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION LIMITED 
www.hdfc.com 
Corporate Office: HDFC House, HT Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai 400 020. 
 Tel.: 66316000, 22820282. Fax: 022-22046834, 22046758. 
Regd. Office: 
Ramon House, HT Parekh Marg, 169, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai 400 020. INDIA. 
Corporate Identity Number: L70100MH1977PLC019916 
Ref. No. SE/2022-23/213 
 
November 7, 2022 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P. J. Towers,  
 
            
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 001. 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai 400 051. 
 
Kind Attn: – Sr. General Manager                     
 
Kind Attn: Head - Listing  
 
                       DCS - Listing Department 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of earnings call – financial results for the quarter/half-year ended September 
30, 2022 
 
We refer to our intimation dated November 3, 2022, informing that the Corporation has uploaded the 
audio recording of the earnings call hosted by it on November 3, 2022 to discuss the financial results 
for the quarter/half-year ended September 30, 2022, on its website. 
 
In this connection, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2021 notified by SEBI on May 5, 2021, please 
find enclosed the transcript of the said earnings call. 
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Corporation and can be accessed through 
the link: https://www.hdfc.com/sites/default/files/2022-11/transcript_of_earnings_sept_2022.pdf 
 
Further, please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed by the 
Corporation during the said earnings call. 
 
 
We request you to take note of the above and arrange to bring this to the notice of all concerned.  
 
Thank you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Agarwal 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl. a/a 
 
AJAY 
GIRIDHARILA
L AGARWAL
Digitally signed by AJAY GIRIDHARILAL 
AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=400012, 
st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=df6fa28f0ebcbd0b235468562f30f680e
d255edb5e0aa03b39666ff0b19a233a, 
pseudonym=CF8A997C242608F6C8C337B6B1D
83B1FE0805091, 
serialNumber=1BF1D7F7AF65B60DA7A5156E58
38C579562187D5D08667416A94E3B6585668E6, 
cn=AJAY GIRIDHARILAL AGARWAL 
Date: 2022.11.07 18:04:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“HDFC Limited's Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KEKI M. MISTRY – VICE CHAIRMAN & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MS. RENU SUD KARNAD -- MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. V. SRINIVASA RANGAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. CONRAD D’SOUZA – MEMBER, EXECUTIVE 
MANAGEMENT & CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
MS. ANJALEE TARAPORE – ADDITIONAL SENIOR 
GENERAL MANAGER 
 
 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to HDFC Limited's Q2 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
We have with us HDFC's Vice Chairman and CEO -- Mr. Keki M. Mistry; Managing Director -
- Ms. Renu Sud Karnad; Executive Director -- Mr. V.S. Rangan; Member of Executive 
Management and Chief Investor Relations Officer -- Mr. Conrad D'Souza; and Additional Senior 
General Manager -- Anjalee Tarapore. 
I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Keki M. Mistry. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Good Afternoon Everyone.  
At the outset, I would like to welcome all of you to HDFC’s earnings call for the second quarter 
of the current financial year.  
The Board of Directors at its meeting held earlier today approved the financial results for the half 
year ended September 30, 2022, which were subjected to a limited review.  
Let me start with outlining a few developments in the economy over the last three months which 
have a bearing on the Corporation: 
The Monetary Policy Committee at its meetings held in August and September 2022 increased 
the policy repo rate by 100 basis points in aggregate, mainly on account of the uncertainty in the 
inflation trajectory. As a result, there has been an uptick in interest rates consequent to which we 
have increased deposit rates as well as rates on loan products. 
As we had mentioned in our previous earning call too, the interest rate actions have had a short 
term impact on both Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin during the last six months.  
Over the last few months we have seen rate action by RBI and we have correspondingly passed 
on the rate increases to our customers. There has however been a transmission lag between the 
increase in the interest cost on our liabilities and asset repricing. I will explain this in detail later. 
 In July 2022, the RBI had increased the limit of External Commercial Borrowings under the 
automatic route from US$ 750 million to US$ 1.5 billion per financial year. In August 2022 we 
have raised US $ 1.1 billion under this window. The ECB is the largest social loan globally and 
the first social ECB loan out of India.  
 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 The momentum in the economy was strong through the first half of the current year. This is 
reflected in a sharp pick up in individual loan disbursements and a 20 percent growth in the 
individual loan book on an AUM basis. Similarly, collection efficiency has continued to improve 
with over 99 percent collection efficiency during the quarter. 
Over the next few minutes I will give you a summary of the key highlights of the performance 
for the half year and the quarter ended September 30, 2022.  
Let me start by quickly summarising the progress of our business through the quarter. 
Our individual loans approvals for the half year ended September 30, 2022, were higher by 35 
percent compared to the corresponding period in the previous year.  
For the same period, individual loan disbursements grew by 36 percent over the corresponding 
period in the previous year.   
Housing disbursements constituted 93 percent of individual disbursements in the current year  
Growth in home loans was seen in the affordable housing segment as well as in the middle and 
high income groups.  
92 percent of new loan applications were received through digital channels. 
During the second quarter, we sold individual loans aggregating to Rs 9,145 crores.  
The individual loans sold during the last 12 months amounted to Rs 34,513 crores. 
The total loans sold during the six months ended September 2022, amounted to Rs 18,678 crore. 
These loans were assigned to HDFC Bank pursuant to the mortgage sharing agreement with the 
Bank.  
Individual loan book growth on an AUM basis was 20 percent. If the loans amounting to Rs 
34,513 crores had not been sold during the preceding 12 months, then the growth in the 
individual loan book would have been 28 percent. 
On a Balance Sheet basis our individual loan book increased to Rs 4,65,752 crores - a growth of 
19 percent over the previous year. In addition to this, the individual loans sold by the Corporation 
and outstanding as on September 30, 2022 amounted to Rs 93,566 crores. HDFC continues to 
service these loans. Individual loans outstanding on an AUM basis amounted to Rs 5,59,318 
crores. 
As at September 30, 2022 our non-individual loan book grew by 1 percent on an AUM basis 
compared to the previous year.  

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
Whilst we continue to have a pipeline of non-individual business, over the last twelve months 
we have also seen repayments/prepayments of earlier facilities and resolution of some stressed 
assets and this has resulted in a lower growth in the non-individual segment.  
We currently have a pipeline of construction finance loans as well as in the lease rental 
discounting segment and we expect non- individual AUM growth to accelerate in the coming 
quarters.  
Construction finance loans unlike lease rental discounting loans have a longer disbursement 
period as they are disbursed based on progress of construction and after the developer has 
brought in his equity.  
The total Assets Under Management (AUM) as at September 30, 2022 amounted to Rs 6,90,284 
crores as compared to Rs 5,97,339 crores in the previous year - a growth of 16 percent. 
If no loans had been sold during the preceding 12 months, then the growth in the total loan book 
would have been 21 percent. 
Prepayments on retail loans, on an annualised basis, amounted to 10.3 percent of the opening 
loan book.  
The average size of individual loans for the period ended September 30, 2022 stood at Rs 35.7 
lacs as compared to Rs 33.1 lacs in FY22.  
The contribution, in value terms, from the Higher Income Group - defined as customers with an 
annual family income of Rs 18 lacs or more  has increased during the year to 50 percent from 
43 percent during the corresponding period in the previous year. 
Our thrust on affordable housing loans has continued.  
During the half year ended September 30, 2022, 23 percent of home loans approved in terms of 
number of customers and 10 percent in value terms were to customers from the Economically 
Weaker Section (EWS) and the Low Income Groups (LIG). 
The average home loan to customers in the EWS segment amounted to Rs 10.9 lacs and to 
customers in the LIG segment amounted to Rs 19.7 lacs.  
If we break up the loan book outstanding on September 30, 2022 on an AUM basis into different 
categories then individual loans constituted 81 percent of the total loan book, as compared to 78 
percent in the previous year.  
Construction finance constituted 9 percent, of the total loan book, Lease rental discounting loans 
constituted 6 percent of the total loan book while corporate loans constituted 4 percent.   

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
If you were to look at the incremental loan book growth, then for the half year ended September 
30, 2022, the entire growth is from individual loans.  
98 percent of the loans were sourced through distribution channels - however this is largely 
through HDFC Sales, a 100 percent subsidiary of HDFC Limited as well as through HDFC 
Bank.  
HDFC Sales accounted for 51 percent of the loans sourced, while HDFC Bank accounted for 30 
percent. Third Party DSAs accounted for 17 percent. 
Thus, 83 percent of HDFC’s individual business was sourced directly or through our associates. 
The Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS) was extended to mitigate the economic 
distress caused by the COVID pandemic. 
Under ECLGS 1, 2 and 3, the Corporation has disbursed an aggregate amount of Rs 1,783 crores 
till September 2022. Amounts disbursed under this facility are guaranteed by the Central 
Government. 
The Reserve Bank of India permitted a one-time restructuring of loans under its resolution for 
COVID-19 related stress.  
As at September 30, 2022 the outstanding loans under OTR 1 and OTR 2 amount to Rs 4,244 
crores which is equivalent to 0.7  percent of the loan book - as compared to a peak of 1.4 percent 
in September last year.  
98 percent of the OTR loans are in the individual loan book. 
The overall collection efficiency for individual loans has continued to improve and is now better 
than pre-Covid levels. The average collection efficiency for individual loans on a cumulative 
basis over the last six months is over 99 percent.  
RBI had on November 12, 2021 issued guidelines on harmonising NPAs across the financial 
system. Subsequently, RBI had deferred the effective date of the applicability of these guidelines 
and the NPA reporting under the revised guidelines was deferred to the quarter ending December 
2022. 
The Corporation, however, had continued to report NPAs in accordance with the revised RBI 
circular of November 12, 2021.  
There has been a significant improvement in asset quality over the last 12 months. 
 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
To facilitate comparison on a like to like basis, we have compared the Non Performing Assets 
based on the old method of computation.   
As of September 30, 2022, calculated under the old norms, Gross Non-performing individual 
loans stood at 0.73 percent, (down from 1.10 percent in September 21). This is a 37 basis points 
reduction or a 34 percent improvement in percentage terms. 
The overall gross performing loans stood at 1.44 percent (down from 2.00 percent in September 
21). This amounts to a 56 basis points reduction or a 28 percent improvement in percentage 
terms.  
Let me now come to Non Performing Assets calculated as per the revised RBI norms. 
December 21 was the first quarter when we were required to report NPAs under the new norms 
brought in by RBI. 
As of September 30, 2022, calculated under the new norms, Gross Non-performing individual 
loans stood at 0.91 percent - down from 1.44 percent in December 21. 
Similarly, gross non-performing non-individual loans stood at 3.99 percent, down from 5.04 
percent in December 21.  
As per the new regulatory norms, the gross non-performing loans as at September 30, 2022 stood 
at Rs 9,355 crores. This is equivalent to 1.59 percent of the loan portfolio (down from 2.32 
percent in December 21).  
As at September 30, 2022, the Corporation carried a provision of Rs 13,146 crores. 
Under Ind AS accounting, both asset classification and provisioning have moved from the 
incurred loss model to the Expected Credit Loss model for providing for future credit losses. 
Based on the model, the total EAD of Rs 5,94,788 crores is broken up as under : 
Stage 1 
 
   94.2 percent 
Stage 2 
 
     3.9 percent 
 
Stage 3   
     1.9 percent 
We have seen a 3.4 percentage point reduction in the aggregate of Stage 2 and Stage 3 assets 
from the peak of 9.2 percent in June 2021 to 5.8 percent of the Exposure At Default over the last 
five quarters. 
During the quarter, we have charged the Profit and Loss Account with a sum of Rs 473 crores 
towards provisioning. 
 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
The aggregate charge to the Profit and Loss Account for the six months is Rs 987 crores. 
The ECL to EAD Coverage ratio for Stage 2 assets is 23 percent and for Stage 3 is 55 percent. 
The provisions carried as a percentage of the EAD amounted to 2.21 percent. 
Annualised credit cost for Q2 was 29 basis points compared to  33 basis points during Q1 in the 
current year.  
Credit costs for the six month period is 31 basis points. 
As stated in our earlier earnings calls, as asset quality related issues get resolved we should over 
the next few quarters be in a position to further normalise the credit costs to pre COVID levels. 
This in turn will have a positive impact on the Return on Equity. 
We continue to hold all our investments in HDFC Bank, HDFC Life, HDFC Asset Management 
and all our other subsidiary and associate companies at the original cost of acquisition, which is 
the price we had paid whilst making those investments. These investments are not accounted for 
on a fair value basis.  
During the quarter we invested an amount of Rs 2,000 crore in the equity of HDFC Life. 
If we were to mark to market the listed investments as at September 30, 2022 the unrealised 
gains, (which is the difference between the market price as on September 30, 2022 and the 
carrying cost), would be Rs 2,24,781 crores.  
This unrecognised gain is not part of our net worth, nor has it been considered in our capital 
adequacy calculations. 
Our capital adequacy ratio on September 30, 2022 stood at  22.5 percent of which Tier I capital 
is 21.9 percent and Tier II capital 0.6 percent. The capital adequacy is well above the regulatory 
requirement. 
At this stage it is important to talk about the Return on Equity.  
Under the IndAS accounting requirement, Net Worth includes certain items which do not form 
part of Tier I capital under the prudential regulations. 
These include - 
1] IndAs Transition Reserve 
2] Deferred Tax Liability on Special Reserve 
3] Fair value gains on investments through OCI 
4] Investments in Subsidiaries and Associates in excess of 10 percent of NOF 
5] Securitisation gains recognised upfront in accordance with IndAS requirement 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
These items aggregate to Rs 22,043 crores. Hence, Tier I Capital is Rs 1,01,398 crores as against 
the Reported Net Worth in September 2022 of Rs 1,23,441 crores. 
A more appropriate way of calculating the ROE would therefore be on Regulatory Tier I Capital 
as against the conventional method of computing it on total Net Worth. 
Annualised ROE based on Tier I Capital for the half year ended September 30, 2022 is 16.3 
percent.  
As at September 30, 2022 the Corporation’s total borrowings amounted to Rs 5,29,034 crores. 
Term loans including the External Commercial Borrowings of USD 1.1 billion equivalent drawn 
in August 2022 and Refinance from the National Housing Bank accounted for 27 percent of 
borrowings. 
Market borrowings i.e. NCDs and Commercial Paper accounted for 42 percent of the borrowings. 
Deposits as at the quarter end amounted to Rs 1,62,884 crores and constitute 31 percent of the 
borrowings. 
I will now move to the Statement of Profit and Loss Account.  
The first two quarters have seen a volatile interest rate environment and therefore some of the 
numbers of the current year are not strictly comparable with the previous year. 
Firstly, as mentioned earlier NII and NIM were impacted by the increases in the repo rates of 
190 basis points over the last two quarters and the consequent transmission lag between the 
increase in borrowing costs and the increase in lending rates. 
Let me talk of the NII impact. 
Before I get to the Net Interest Income let me detail issues which have had an impact on the NII. 
1] In the first half of FY23 we have had rate actions which have had an immediate impact on 
borrowing costs, which in turn, have not been simultaneous with the transmission of rates on the 
asset side. 
Secondly, in the first quarter of the previous year there was a disruption in the business activity 
due to the second wave. As a result of ample liquidity in the system during most of the first half 
of last year, the Overnight Interest Swap (OIS) rate on which some swaps are benchmarked 
delinked from the reverse repo rate and was lower by upto 40 basis points during that period. 
This led to us benefitting from the lower swap rates which resulted in an expansion in NIM. At 
that stage itself we had indicated that the higher composite level of NIM reported in the first half 
was not sustainable. This delinking corrected in the second half of last year. 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
2] Thirdly, RBI increased the repo rate four times since May 2022 aggregating to 190 basis 
points. The last increase of 50 basis points was on September 30, 2022. In the run up to the 
expectation of the rate hike, market rates and swap rates increased and this has had an impact on 
our borrowing costs. We have increased our lending rates in response to this hike by 50 basis 
points with effect from October 1, 2022. Therefore, the benefits of this hike will be received 
over the next quarter 
As you are aware each individual loan has a quarterly reset mechanism and is based on the 
original month in which the loan is disbursed. Thus, in the event of any interest rate change the 
entire loan portfolio reprices over a three month period i.e. roughly one-third of the portfolio 
each month.  
Thus, whilst we have had an almost immediate impact on borrowing costs, the lending portfolio 
will reprice over a quarter.  
This transmission lag has had an  impact on the NII growth for this period. As we have passed 
on the increase in rates by increasing our PLRs, there was a slight short-term impact on NII 
growth during the period. This should be regularised over the next few months. 
In July 2022 we have revised the reset norms for our incremental individual loans from a 
quarterly cycle to a monthly cycle to reduce the impact of transmission of rate changes. This 
should minimise the risk of transmission in the event of any future rate hikes for new loans  
3] Lastly, the proportion of the retail loan book has increased to 81 percent over the last few 
quarters.  
The Return on Equity on both the retail and the non-individual business is the same. The spreads 
on the Non-Individual loans are however higher due to higher capital allocation and higher credit 
costs  
Net interest Income (NII) purely on the basis of interest without taking cognisance of the profit 
on sale of loans during the quarter ended September 30, 2022 amounted to Rs 4,639 crores 
compared to Rs 4,110 crores in the corresponding period of previous year - a growth of 13 
percent 
For the half year ended September 30, 2022 amounted to Rs 9,086 crores compared to Rs 8,235 
crores in the corresponding period of previous year. 
If we adjust for the one time impact of the transmission lag in passing on the rate hikes to the 
customers as well as the impact of the swap benefits in the previous year, the NII growth would 
have been 16 percent compared to an annualised AUM growth of a similar 16 percent 
 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Secondly, as a result of volatile equity markets the gain on fair value of investments through the 
profit and loss account was Rs 151 crores in the first half as compared to Rs 548 crore in the 
corresponding period of the previous year. 
Thirdly, the expense ratios are higher as we incurred expenses upfront on staffing, loan 
processing and branching to meet the significant increase in demand for housing loans. There 
was also an increase in legal expenses as we saw an increase in business as well as resolution of 
some stressed assets. Needless to add, whilst these expenses have been incurred upfront the 
benefit of the expenses incurred will accrue over the next few quarters. 
On the positive side, it is important to note that credit costs are lower on a sequential basis as a 
result of improved asset quality. 
Dividend in the second quarter is higher than the corresponding quarter of the previous year 
primarily on account of dividend received from HDFC Bank Limited.  
We have always targeted a NIM of between 3.3 and 3.5 percent. 
Net Interest Margin for the quarter and the half year ended September 30, 2022 stood at 3.4 
percent. 
The spread on loans over the cost of borrowings for the half year ended September 30, 2022 was 
2.28 percent. The spread on the individual loan book was 1.91 percent and on the non-individual 
book was 3.65 percent. 
The spread on loans during the first half of the previous year was 2.29 percent. 
Income earned from Deployment of surplus funds in Cash Management Schemes of Mutual 
Funds and Government Securities was much lower at Rs 95 crores as compared to Rs 228 crores 
in the corresponding period of the previous year.   
This was due to average level invested this year in liquid funds at Rs 4,185 crores as compared 
to  Rs 12,800 crores in the corresponding period of the previous year.  
With introduction of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) in December 2021 the Corporations 
liquidity is largely held in Government Securities. The Government Securities holding is around 
Rs 45,000 crore. 
The average level of liquidity held during the period was Rs 41,000 crore as compared to Rs 
25,000 crore in the corresponding period last year. 
There was no profit on sale of investments during the second quarter.  

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
There was a profit of Rs 184 crores on sale of investments during the half year compared to Rs 
263 crores in the same period last year. This was on account of the Corporation’s 10 percent 
stake sale in HDFC Capital Advisors during the first quarter.  
Dividend received during the quarter was Rs 1,360 crores compared to Rs 1,171 crores in the 
second quarter of last year.  
During the half year, we earned Rs 2,046 crores by way of dividend income as compared to Rs 
1,188 crores in the corresponding period of the previous year. 
Dividend during the year was received predominantly from our group companies - HDFC Bank, 
HDFC Asset Management, HDFC Life, HDFC Sales and HDFC Credila.  
During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, for investments classified as Fair Value Through 
Profit and Loss Account (FVTPL), the Net Gain on Fair Value Changes stood at Rs 142 crore.  
For the half year for investments classified as Fair Value Through Profit and Loss Account 
(FVTPL), the Net Gain on Fair Value Changes stood at Rs 151 crore, as compared to Rs 548 
crore in the corresponding period of the previous year. This is largely on account of the volatility 
in the equity markets during the current year. 
Under IndAs Accounting Standards, the stock options granted to employees are measured at the 
fair value of the options on the date of grant.  
This fair value is accounted for as employee compensation cost over the vesting period of the 
options. 
Accordingly, Employee Benefit Expenses for the half year includes an amount of Rs 145 crores 
compared to Rs 268 crores during the same period in the previous year. 
For the period ending September 30, 2022, the cost income ratio stood at 9.5 percent.  
The cost income ratio is relatively higher during the period on account of the increased retail 
business over the last year, as well as the increase in the branch network. The benefits of these 
cost increases will be derived over the next few quarters. 
Increased legal costs also contributed to the increase in the cost income ratio.  
We expect the cost income ratio to remain in single digits for the year. 
For the half year ended September 30, 2022 the standalone profit before tax was Rs 10,004 crores 
(compared to Rs 8,576 in the previous year) a growth of 17 percent.  
 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Tax provision during the 6 months ended September stood at Rs 1,881 crores compared to Rs 
1,795 crores in the previous year.  
The tax rate for the 6 month period during the current year was 18.8 percent - compared to 20.9 
per cent in the previous year  
The standalone profit after tax for the half year stood at Rs 8,123 crores compared to Rs 6,781 
crores in the previous year - a growth of 20 percent.  
For the quarter ended September 30, 2022 the standalone profit before tax was Rs 5,414 crores 
(compared to Rs 4,671 crores in the 2nd quarter of the previous year) a growth of 16 percent.  
Tax provision for the second quarter amounted to Rs 960 crores compared to Rs 890 crores in 
the 2nd quarter of the previous year.  
The standalone profit after tax for the 2nd quarter stood at Rs 4,454 crores, compared to Rs 3,781 
crores in the 2nd quarter of the previous year, resulting in a growth of 18 percent.  
Pre Tax return on average assets was 3.1 percent. The post tax return on average assets was 2.6 
percent. 
The basic and diluted EPS (on a face value of Rs 2 per share) was Rs 44.7 and Rs 44.5 
respectively. 
The consolidated profit before tax for the half year stood at Rs 14,765 crores as compared to Rs 
13,075  crores in the corresponding period last year.  
After providing Rs 2,148 crores for tax the consolidated profit after tax for the period stood at 
Rs 12,617 crores as compared to Rs 10,981 crores - a growth of 15 percent.  
The profit attributable to the Corporation was Rs 11,862 crores as compared to Rs 10,299 crores 
in the previous year - a growth of 15 percent.  
As at September 30, 2022 the Corporation had 3,869 employees.  
 Total assets per employee stood at Rs 169 crores. (compared to Rs 167 crore in the 
corresponding period of the previous year). 
Annualised Net profit per employee was Rs 4.2 crores compared to Rs 3.9 crore during the same 
period of the previous year. 
Let me now spend a few minutes to give you an update on the merger.  
 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
As you are aware on April 4, 2022, the Board of Directors of HDFC Limited and HDFC Bank 
Limited approved a composite scheme of amalgamation of HDFC with HDFC Bank, subject to 
requisite approvals from various regulatory and statutory authorities, respective shareholders 
and creditors.  
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the subsidiaries / associates of the Corporation would 
become subsidiaries / associates of HDFC Bank.  
HDFC Bank will then be 100 percent owned by public shareholders and existing shareholders of 
HDFC will own 41 percent of HDFC Bank. 
Pursuant to the “no objection” for the merger from the stock exchanges, NSE & BSE, Pension 
Fund Regulatory and Development Authority, SEBI, IRDA and RBI, the Competition 
Commission of India has approved the proposed amalgamation.  
Further the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench has passed an order in the matter 
of the amalgamation pursuant to which a meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation has 
been convened on November 25, 2022.  
HDFC’s distribution network spans 709 outlets which include 212 offices of HDFC’s wholly 
owned distribution company, HDFC Sales Private Limited. HDFC covers additional locations 
through its outreach programmes.  
We continue to engage deeply with all our stake holders on ESG. 
Our disclosures and reports are on our website. 
For further information on ESG related queries, you may engage with our Investor Relations 
team Anjalee and Conrad. 
The Corporation’s Corporate Social Responsibility activities focused primarily on Healthcare, 
Education, Persons with Disabilities and Environmental Sustainability.  
CSR activities were conducted either directly or through the H T Parekh Foundation. The CSR 
spend during the half year was Rs 107 crores. 
Under the  National CSR Awards 2020, instituted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), 
Government of India, HDFC was awarded ‘Overall Excellency in CSR’ for large companies and 
‘CSR in National Priority Areas - Supporting Technology Incubators’.  
The above are some of the highlights of the results for the period ended September 30, 2022. 
Before I conclude, I would like to wish each one of you good health and all the very best. Please 
stay safe. 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
We may now proceed to Q&A. I would request you to kindly introduce yourself and be brief 
with your questions. The questions will be answered by me or any of my colleagues. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Suresh 
Ganapathy from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Keki, just a couple of questions. One is, the margins, of course, they have been flat QoQ. the 
thing here is that all the banks, specifically ones which have had large mortgage portfolio have 
seen a very sharp quarter-on-quarter increase in margins, whereas your margins have remained 
flat. Now, of course, we understand that the quarterly to monthly reset was done last quarter. So, 
I think this quarter would have seen at least three months and still we have not seen any margin 
expansion. So, what explains this flat margins even on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Let me answer that question, Suresh. And Conrad or Rangan can answer further. See, what 
happens is every time there is an increase in interest rates, our lending rates get revised over a 
period of three months, so you get the effect 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, whereas the borrowing costs increase 
immediately. So, whatever the increases in the repo rate prior to June, the full benefit of that 
passed on to the customers, benefit has been received during the course of the current year. But 
the increase in interest rates made during the course of the quarter, again, we have increased 
interest rates simultaneously for our customers, but the benefit of that will come over a period 
of three months. So, for example, if interest rates increase, let's say theoretically at the end of 
September, then the benefit of that rate increase on the asset side will start coming in from 
October, whereas on the borrowing side, the debit starts hitting us from the month of September 
itself. So, in a rising interest rate environment, this lag is there for roughly about one and a half 
months, which results in roughly I would say 10 to 12 basis points compression in margins. But 
as interest rates stabilize over a period of time, that will go away. The same happens on the 
reverse side, when interest rates go down, you get the immediate benefit straightaway and then 
over a period of one and a half months, it neutralizes. Now, in case of banks, it is different 
because banks do not reset the assets or reset the loans every three months, they reset the loans 
every month. So, the moment the repo rate goes up, their lending rates go up immediately from 
that month itself, whereas for us it comes with a one and a half month lag. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
So, to understand this a bit better, let's assume hypothetically that in the October-to-December 
quarter no rate hikes happen by the Reserve Bank of India, nothing changes. Because of the fact 
that there is a lead lag issue, logically speaking October-to-December should see a margin 
increase for you, because the asset repricing lag will happen? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
That is absolutely correct. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
And if the rates were to go up in October-to-December quarter, then this issue is going to persist 
even in October-to-December quarter because you will see the liabilities also getting repriced 
upwards? 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Right. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
The second issue is on growth, I mean, it's not an issue, it’s a good thing, I mean, you're talking 
about eight year high loan growth. Now, we are seeing some slowdown in the IT sector, rates 
have gone up. How do you look at it, is this growth sustainable, is it broad based, I mean, just 
any qualitative comment on growth, would be great. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, Suresh, the growth is broad-based. It is happening from every part of the country. The 
metros, which is Mumbai, the Delhi, the Bangalore --, these were the places which were not 
really contributing much to business two years ago. And we have explained the reasons time and 
again. And if you're interested, I can get into more details on why two years ago, the Mumbai’s 
and Delhi’s were growing at a slightly lower rate. Now, over the last one and a half years or two 
years or so, business in Mumbai and Delhi and Bangalore have been growing at a much more 
brisker and a much more faster rate. The value of a property in Mumbai or Delhi is obviously 
going to be a lot higher than the value of a property than a Tier-2 or a Tier-3 town. Therefore, 
consequently, the average loan amount goes higher. Our average loan amount last year was 
Rs.33.1 lakhs, our average loan amount in the current year is Rs.35.7 lakhs, which reflects the 
increase in business from the metros. So, whilst the growth is broad-based, the Tier-two, Tier-
three towns which were a larger contributor to growth two years ago, their contribution to growth 
has come down slightly, not because they have slowed down, but simply because the metros 
have grown at an even faster pace. 
Renu Sud Karnad: 
Even in the metros, the higher value loans have seen a lot more traction in the last few months 
than they were earlier. So, people have gone back and started buying say four or five crore homes 
in a greater manner than they used to do earlier. I think  within a Mumbai, within a Delhi  we've 
seen that happen. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
But having said that, it's not that the affordable housing segment has not grown, that has also 
continued to grow and 23% of the business we did in number terms came from the economically 
weaker section and the lower income group. 
Conrad D’Souza: 
Just to clarify on your first question on the fact that we have moved from quarterly to monthly, 
these are only incremental disbursements since then. So, the earlier discussion on how the rate 
hikes would play out over a quarter will continue for most of the book, it's only on the 
incremental that we have moved to monthly resets. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
As you said, if RBI theoretically does nothing on interest rates in the coming quarter, then 
obviously, the full benefit of the rate hikes till 30th September will flow through to the P&L 
account. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
One last question I will squeeze in regarding the merger. Now, you of course have Rs.5 lakhs 
crores of borrowings and deposits put together. First, to begin with your deposits of course are 
at a higher rate. Now, is there a worry that… it's a difficult question for you guys to answer, but 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
the fact that once it moves on to the bank and it gets repriced at a lower rate, some of these 
depositors will move either an engagement which is being carried out with the depositor network 
that, no, this is with the corporation, and maybe they will stay on, so something on that any 
qualitative? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Let me start by answering that question and then Rangan if you're on the call you can add to 
what I'm saying. See, the point is that as far as HDFC itself is concerned, when a depositor has 
placed a deposit with HDFC, let's say for a period of five years, and that rate is theoretically, 
let's say, (25 is a theoretical number), 25 basis points higher than a bank’s rate, then that higher 
rate will continue through the life of that deposit. So, if it’s a five-year deposit, it will be for five-
years, if it’s a one-year deposit, it will be for one-year. On maturity at the end of that period, 
which may be five-years or one-year or whatever it is later, then the deposit will get repriced to 
the current rate. But till that time, it will continue at the old rate. We have come out with a new 
product recently, which we call ‘Sapphire Deposits’. Rangan, you may want to just talk about 
how much money we have mobilized in a matter of a short period of time. 
V.S. Rangan: 
We launched this for medium-term deposits. This is basically, we call it as ‘Sapphire Deposits’. 
And it's done quite well actually. I must say that we launched it just about three to four weeks 
ago. It's basically garnering almost close to Rs.5,000 crores and there is a lot of good demand in 
the medium-term segment. On the deposits they will actually migrate into the bank, and on 
maturity, they will obviously get repriced at whatever is the current rate at that point in time in 
the banking system. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
What about the borrowings front, are you booting long-dated borrowing so that you get some 
breathing space for the bank when the merger happens, incrementally we are seeing in the market 
a lot of 10-year NCDs being played, so, is there any colour on that, Keki? 
V.S. Rangan: 
I think, on the longer term, one obviously is the fact that the book being longer, there is a good 
growth on the retail side, which are obviously longer-term loans. So, therefore, you need to 
augment it with long term money which they are doing it in any case. And if you really look at 
the way the interest rate curve in the market is concerned, obviously, you will have to swap these 
liabilities into floating rate for appropriate duration. You may have to swap it for a one year, two 
year, three year period, depending on where interest rates are. And accordingly, you then come 
back to a floating rate where you start matching it to the lending rate on the retail. That's what 
we're doing as far as this is concerned. So, obviously, it also in a way helps in terms of what 
you're saying about in terms of elongating them, eventually probably having lesser maturities as 
you get into the bank. But that is more incidental, I would say, but from a business perspective, 
as a standalone balance sheet, it makes sense to do it this way because the assets are actually 
growing on the longer side. So, we will have to build up the liability on the longer side. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, as you're aware Suresh, we have always kept a matched balance sheet, we do not take 
mismatches on maturity. And therefore, since the duration on individual loans is longer than the 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
duration on non-individual loans, we have to necessarily marginally increase the duration of our 
liabilities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
I just wanted to know the stock of SLR investments. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
We have Rs.45,000 crores of investments in government securities at HDFC. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
The LCR is? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
79%. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
You did mention about the slow growth in lease rentals and in the non-individual segment. But 
if you could give some more colour, it's only largely driven by pre-payments or -? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
I explained this in the last call also, but I'll do it once again. If you look at it historically, 
construction finance loans used to constitute roughly between 13% and 14% of our total loan 
book. If you go back to pre-COVID days of if you go back to 2017 or '18, you would have seen 
that proportion. Over the last three or four years, construction finance loans as a component of 
total loans has come down from 14% to 9%. The lease rental discounting loans and broadly 
remaining the same match, will be roughly 6% to 7%, current level is 6%. So, that has not 
declined, it's the construction finance component, which has largely declined. The reason for the 
decline in the construction finance component was that the period from 2017 to 2020 saw some 
degree of stress in the real estate sector, in areas like Mumbai and Delhi, in the metros. And we 
can go into details on why that happened if you were interested, but we discussed this time and 
again. Now, because of the stress in the real estate sector, there was a lot of media talk and 
analyst reports about unsold properties, which were ready but had not been sold. And because 
of this unsold property, there were not too many projects that were launched during that period. 
Real estate sector particularly in the metros, in the Mumbai’s and Delhi’s and Bangalore’s started 
picking up from around October of 2020 with the reduction in the stamp duty rates and many 
other things which happened at that point of time. So, after 2020, a number of new projects have 
got launched. We have a very healthy pipeline in terms of customers who are taking loans, we 
have a very healthy pipeline of construction finance loans, which we've approved. But here you 
must understand that the disbursement for a construction finance loan is much lower and much 
more back-ended than the disbursement for lease rental discounting loans. In a lease rental 
discounting loans, the disbursement is made upfront because the property is ready, the property 
is leased out, there is rental being received and therefore the disbursement is made up front. But 
in a construction finance loan, the disbursement will be made progressively over a period of time 
based on the progress of construction. And in that also, the developer has to first put in the share 
of the equity before we start making disbursements. And if you take a project in a Mumbai or a 
Delhi, typically it would take anything between three to five years to do the project, depending 
on the size of the project. So, disbursements tend to be back-ended. Now if we had a pickup in 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
the new projects being launched in the latter half of 2020, the disbursement for these projects 
would largely happen in the coming quarters, whereas what we would have disbursed now in 
this quarter would have been a loan, which would have got approved in 2018 or 2019, when in 
any case, the launch of new projects were slower. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
So, firstly, on the non-individual portfolio, as we get into the entire merger process, is there any 
portfolio which has been earmarked which might not be acquired by the bank and there is a 
resolution or maybe the repayments, which are being assured in that portfolio, and if any, what 
would be the quantum of that?  
V.S. Rangan: 
On the non-individual portfolio, we've not actually gone into the items which will not go into 
the bank and so on and so forth. Because as part of the merger, we have asked RBI for certain 
forbearances on the assets and liabilities which are moving into the bank, that is number one. 
Number two is as far as some of the loans, which may not qualify in the bank, which in the final 
event, if they get the forbearance and they can- sort of be paid out later.So we don’t think that 
amount is actually going to be very substantial and it’s going to be very, very manageable, few 
1,000 crores of rupees, that’s all. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
In reality, the answer to your question is that generally the loans that we do are loans that banks 
would do. We don’t do anything which a bank would not be able to do, except just two things. 
One is acquisition funding, which may have been done occasionally in the past and the other is 
loans against shares for corporates, which again we may have done occasionally in the past. To 
my mind, these are only the two broad categories of loans which we could have done and which 
banks can't do. And the value of those loans, as Rangan said, will not be material at all. 
Kunal Shah: 
Any reason for increasing the spreads apart from maybe the overall pool of NPA coming down, 
and that would have helped in terms of interest accrual. But otherwise, we see that spreads on 
quarter-on-quarter basis would have been up by almost 35, 40-odd basis points 
Keki M. Mistry: 
The reason spread would have gone up was what my answer to Suresh's question was, that when 
interest rates go up, the increase in cost to us is immediate, the benefit of that increase, which is 
in terms of the increase in lending rate, that comes over a period of three months. So, whatever 
were the increases in interest rates in the first quarter, when we saw some pretty sharp increases 
by RBI, that benefit which would have flown in the second quarter which was not there in the 
first quarter. That probably explains that. 
Kunal Shah: 
On non-individual side? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Yes, both individual and non-individual. Non-individual would also be because of the resolution 
of some of these loans. 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, it would be primarily because of the resolution no, because there is almost like 35, 40 bps-
. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
The spread change on individual loans will be because of the rate increase impact and non-
individuals will be because of resolution. 
Kunal Shah: 
During this entire repricing, do we offer any discounts to the existing customers so to ensure that 
the repayments and pre-payments are low? And would that have any impact on the spreads on 
the individual loans or that's the normal course of business? 
Conrad D’Souza: 
No, Kunal, there is no discount. Since it's based on a term extension method, you retain the 
installment and extend the term. And there would be few cases which will go beyond a certain 
threshold term which we negotiate and get a part prepayment or whatever or increasing the 
installment, but there are no discounts given. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, so maybe a strong relationship with a particular corporate salaried accounts, particular 
developer, maybe we would have sourced loans for them or so and then trying to see that if they 
come with some price bargain, do we do that after the hikes which have been there? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
No, we have not done in a single case. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jignesh Shial from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Shial: 
On the spreads and margins, detailed explanation you have already given. I had two things to 
have just more clarity. Incrementally, we are seeing that if the rates are consistently going up, 
definitely, somehow the demand is likely to get disturbed out here. So, going forward we will 
be taking a bit of a hit on our spreads, just to make sure that the overall demand momentum 
remain pretty decent? And along with that, is it easier for us to pass on the rate hike to affordable 
segment side compared to premium segment or a mid income level segment side, is there a 
difference in passing it on or it remains more or less same? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
The answer to the second question is, it makes no difference, whether it's in an affordable 
housing segment or in higher income group, the change in interest rates is always passed on 
immediately to the customer. Your first question on how higher interest rates will impact 
demand, my answer to that would be as follows, let's take a comparison of a housing loan, which 
is over a 15-year timeframe, even though the duration may be shorter, original term is 15-years, 
and let's say a personal loan, which has a 15-month term. When you're taking a personal loan 
for buying some expensive equipment, for example, you want to borrow that money at a time 
when interest rates are at the lowest, because for the entire 15-month period, you're not going to 
see any dramatic reduction in interest rates in the next 15-months. And therefore, you would 
want to borrow money at a time when rates are low, because then those rates will more or less 
sustain during the next 15-months. However, in a housing loan, it is very different because a 
housing loan is a 15-year loan. Interest rates in India will go up and interest rates will come 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
down. If you take the last 15, 20 years, in my experience, we have seen so many, many, many 
innumerable cycles of rates going up, then stabilizing for some time, then rates going down, 
stabilizing, going up and going down. So, when you're taking a 15-year loan, it really does not 
make so much difference, where interest rates are at the point of time when you take a loan, 
because over that period of 15-years, if rates were low, they will become higher at some point, 
if they were higher, they'll become lower at some point. And everybody in India mostly gets 
floating rate loans, no one gets fixed rate loans. In a floating rate loan, you will get the benefit 
of falling rates when rates come down and you’ll have to pay the higher costs when rates go up. 
So, it makes a much lesser difference from an economic standpoint in a long-term loan as 
compared to a short-term loan. 
Jignesh Shial: 
So, basically, we are seeing that initially post-lockdown the momentum had been pretty decent 
in the housing loan on the demand side specifically. Initially, definitely some benefits coming 
up from the government in the case of stamp duty reduction and all. But according to you being 
on the ground, what basically is driving this demand specifically in the metros and the Tier-one 
cities, the key reason why you think that the demand is pretty heavy, and do you see this 
sustaining over a period of next six or 12 months or so? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
My sense is that the demand will sustain. It’s very early to talk about the current month, for 
example, but in two or three days that we’ve seen in November, has seen a fairly healthy number 
of new applications that we’ve received, but it’s too early days, so I don’t want to make a 
commitment on it. But my sense is that strong demand will continue. Housing is a basic necessity 
in India. And as long as people are comfortable with their jobs, they believe that the jobs are not 
at risk, the salaries are being received, people will need to buy a house. So, it’s a requirement, 
it’s a necessity, it is not something that you are buying a house because just they want to make 
an investment, you're buying a house because you need a house to stay. 
Jignesh Shial: 
My second question was on the developer portfolio altogether. How you are seeing that 
particular portfolio shaping up in coming three years? We have witnessed sort of consolidation 
happen within the developer segment altogether, many of the large developers taking over, the 
smaller ones or not. How is your experience into developer lending portfolio side and how do 
you see that demand going forward? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
I responded to that in detail in the question which I think Mahrukh had asked. Just to quickly 
recap, in the period of three years between 2018 and 2020, slowdown in the launch of new 
projects, because of that disbursements that we are seeing today are lesser than what they would 
otherwise have been. However, post the second half of 2020, project launches have increased. 
As project launches increase, the demand for construction finance loans also increases. But as I 
said in response to the earlier question, construction finance loan or like lease rental discounting 
loan, disbursement is made gradually slowly over the life of the loan, because it is linked to the 
construction of the project. as the developer has to first put in his equity, his construction has to 
come up to a certain level, then he comes in for additional funding, and at that stage, our 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
inspectors go and look at what construction has happened and then disburse. So, the point is that 
the disbursements tend to be back-ended unlike a lease rental discounting loan. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bunty Chawla from IDBI. Please go ahead. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Just two data points if you can share. First is the absolute disbursement for the quarter as well as 
restructured assets as of September 2022? 
Conrad D’Souza: 
The retail disbursements are around 44,000 crores and restructured assets are 0.7% of the book. 
So, there is no increase from the September numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shweta Daptardar from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Just two questions. The first one being what is the interest rate differential between our LAP and 
home loans? 
Conrad D’Souza: 
The rough interest rate differential would generally be between 1.5% and 2%. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
What is our incremental cost of funds? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Incremental depends on where you're borrowing, what term you're borrowing, which instrument 
you're borrowing from, we can't give an incremental number, like that. 
V.S. Rangan: 
If you were to look at incrementally what we borrowed in the month of September, for example, 
the incremental cost was around 7%. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Let's understand, that this 7% that he is talking about is annualized cost, whereas the lending 
rate that we are talking of is a monthly rest. So, comparison in this context is not correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
Keki, just a question on let's say, the incremental number of loans that we would have done in 
the last six to nine months from the newer centers where HDFC Bank was not operating or the 
relation was not happening, any color what those incremental loans, ticket sizes roughly would 
be, whether this will be more salaried or more self-employed, any color of the incremental loans 
that we are doing? 
Renu Sud Karnad: 
I really think there is not much difference at all in that. I think what has happened is that HDFC 
Bank has extended acquiring for some of the smaller branches, some of newer locations. So, the 
average ticket size maybe in some of those cases, a little lower. But I think in terms of self-
employed, employed, we have not seen any change. Self-employed has been reasonably good in 
the last few quarters and so, hasn't been any great hike or any differences yet. 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
The point of asking is, there are so many newer affordable housing finance companies, which 
are thinking about growing bigger. We are obviously trying to get into that space, but – 
Renu Sud Karnad: 
As Mr. Mistry already said, we've 23% of our loans are in that segment and we continue to grow 
in that segment. When you say affordable, these are basically lower cost homes also as you go 
into smaller geographies. As he mentioned earlier, the costs also come down, right. So, in terms 
of what we're seeing right now, is that the middle income, low middle income, they're all actually 
coming back into the market in the last three, four quarters. And I think that is what you're seeing 
the growth in. But employed, self-employed, the mix continues to be the same. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
What percentage of our individual loans would qualify the RBI priority sector norm? 
Renu Sud Karnad: 
I wouldn't have that number off hand immediately, because there're also a value limit as far as 
the RBI priority sector is concerned, because there's a difference between what is in metros and 
otherwise. Maybe we'll get back to you. On our incremental loans, I won't have that number to 
give you right now. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
Outstanding also, if you have it? 
V.S. Rangan: 
Outstanding will be about Rs.1,20,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
Two questions. One is, what percentage of customers would opt for a term increase versus EMI 
increase? And secondly, will it be fair to assume that the market share in LRD would have 
remained, I mean, you would be holding on to your market share in LRD, and even in project 
finance? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Yes, we would certainly be holding on to our market share on LRD. As far as construction 
finance is concerned, even though you may see that the construction finance book has come 
down as a proportion of the total book, our market share would actually have gone up. Because 
if you see in that 2016-17 period, when a lot of new projects were being launched, at that time, 
the biggest lenders in the construction finance business used to be the likes of Indiabulls, and 
Dewan Housing, and Piramal and people like that, who have become significantly slower in the 
construction finance lending. So, our market share would have gone up. It's just that as I said 
between 2017 and 2020, not many new projects were launched, very, very few projects were 
launched, and the disbursement for these loans would only happen now or over a period of time. 
Sorry, what was your first question? 
Saurabh: 
What percentage of your individual customers would opt for a term increase when rates go up 
or EMI increase? 
Renu Sud Karnad: 
What happens, when the rates go up, default option is that the term goes up, if you've got a 15-
year loan, it will become 15-year and a few months. It's only when we are not able to cover the 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
interest and negative amortization sets in. At that point in time is when we get in touch with the 
customer and tell them that now what you're paying is not covering interest, so it's in your interest 
to either increase the EMI or maybe pay back a little portion of the principal if you're able to do 
that. So, I think that how it works. Default option really is the term goes up. And I would say 
90%, 95% of them are like that. It's only the negative amortization cases that we actually call 
them and counsel customers. Because you see what happens, very soon maybe next year, the 
rates of the interest will come down and then again, we'll be able to reduce the term. So, because 
it's a long-term loan, as you know, that is the default option that we thought of because of the 
interest rate variability. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Kapoor, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Kapoor: 
I have a couple of questions. One question was regarding the RBI in-principle approval on the 
merger. We haven't heard anything from RBI you had requested on the statutory requirements. 
As to what is the view and thinking on that, given the fact that we are having a shareholder 
meeting later in the month, would we have some indication from RBI as to what is the thought 
process? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
We have not heard anything from RBI either saying yes or no. We would be obliged under 
regulation to disclose it to the public the moment we get it. At the moment we have received 
nothing. But when we envisage the merger and we did our computation about the viability of 
the merger, I repeat we did not take into account we would receive any forbearance. 
Deepak Kapoor: 
Would you think that information from RBI would be important for the shareholder meeting in 
terms of the approval to exactly know as to what -? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
I think by and large more shareholders of either HDFC, HDFC Bank have already factored in or 
have made their assumptions or their calculations on the basis that the RBI approval does not 
come. If the RBI approval comes, it would be a bonus, it would be something which would be 
even more positively viewed in the market. But at the moment, I guess they would have assumed 
that it is not there, because nothing is there in public domain, I mean, I think they have not told 
us what their views are. 
Deepak Kapoor: 
My second question was regards the news we just recently heard about the NIFTY index, where 
HDFC might be removed in December or January - 
Keki M. Mistry: 
I would suggest you please look at the newspaper articles closely because this has been very 
clearly subsequently clarified by NIFTY that that is not the case. We can talk to you separately 
on that. It has been reported in the newspapers also, that we will not drop out of the NIFTY as 
you have indicated. That was some analyst view at that point of time. This was discussed both 
with SEBI and with NSE, and they have come out with a clarification. 

 
HDFC Limited 
November 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, I would just like to say thank you to everyone. We've had a good quarter. We hope and 
expect that the momentum we've seen in housing loans now for the last nearly 16 to 18 months 
will continue unabated in the period ahead. The economy is on strong wicket, job certainty is 
very high at the moment, and consequently consumer confidence is generally very high. And as 
I said, interest rates have gone up, but the impact of interest rates on a long term loan is a lot 
lesser than on a shorter term loan from an economic standpoint. 
Conrad D’Souza: 
Thank you very much. And should any of you all have any follow on queries, please get in touch 
with us, and thanks Steven. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of HDFC Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank 
you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
