Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
  
8h November, 2022 
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
BSE Ltd. 
Limited 
Phiroze Jecjeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol- DIANUKA 
Scrip Code 
: 507717 
Sub: 
Transcript 
of Conference 
Call 
held 
on 
1% November, 
2022 with 
Analysts/ 
Investors to discuss Un-Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results 
of the Company for the Quarter and Half Year Ended on 30'" September, 2022. 
. 
Dear 
Sir, 
In pursuant 
to Regulation 
30 
of Securities and 
Exchange Board 
of India 
(Listing 
Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed the 
Transcript 
of Conference Call 
held 
on 
1s November, 2022, which was hosted 
by 
Antique Stock Broking Limited through virtual mode with Analysts/ 
Investors 
to 
discuss Un-Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for 
the Quarter and Half Year Ended on 30! September, 2022. 
Please take above information in your record, 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
ae 
Digitally signed 
jitin 
by jitin sadana 
Date: 2022.11.08 
sadana 
15:14:18 +05'30' 
Jitin Sadana 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
FCS-7612 
  
  
Registered Office 
: 82, Abhinash Mansion, 1" Floor, Joshi Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi-110005, Ph. 
: +91 011-23534551 & 23534557 
Corporate Office 
: Global Gateway Towers, Near Guru Dronacharya Metro Station, MG Road, Gurugram -122002, Haryana 
Tel. 
: +91-124-434 5000, E-mail 
: headoffice 
@ dhanuka.com, Website 
: www.dhanuka.com 
CIN: L24219DL1985PLC020126  

anu 
“Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
Q2FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 01, 2022 
® 
A 
R 
00 Qe 
ce 
anu 
ANTIQUE 
ANALYST: 
Mr. MANISH MAHAWAR 
- ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. M. K. DHANUKA — MANAGING DIRECTOR — DHANUKA 
AGRITECH LIMITED 
Mr. RAHUL DHANUKA — CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
- 
DHANUKA AGRITECH LIMITED 
Mr. 
V. 
K. 
BANSAL 
— 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
- 
DHANUKA AGRITECH LIMITED 
Page 
1 of 14

anuks 
Moderator: 
Manish Mahawar: 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome 
to Q2 FY2023 earnings conference 
call 
of 
Dhanuka Agritech hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in 
listen-only mode and there 
will 
be 
an opportunity 
for you 
to 
ask questions 
after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock 
Broking. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Thank you Rutuja. 
I welcome all the participants to the 2QFY2023 earnings call of Dhanuka 
Agritech. From the management, we have Mr. M. K. Dhanuka — Managing Director, Mr. Rahul 
Dhanuka — Chief Operating Officer; and V. K. Bansal — CFO on the call. Without any delay, 
I 
would like to handover the call to Mr. Dhanuka for opening remarks. Post which, we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you Mr. Dhanuka. 
Thank you ManishJi. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Myself M. K. Dhanuka, Managing 
Director of Dhanuka Agritech Limited. I hope all of you are doing well and keeping safe. Thank 
you for joining us in the conference call for results of Q2 FY2022-2023 of Dhanuka Agritech. I 
have with me Mr. Rahul Dhanuka — Chief Operating Officer and Mr. V. K. Bansal — CFO of the 
company. 
Dhanuka Agritech is a leading Agrochemical Company in India focusing on branded sales in the 
market. The company’s strength lies in manufacturing and marketing of formulated products. 
The product portfolio 
is spread across insecticides, herbicides, fungicides and plant growth 
promoters. Dhanuka Agritech 
is 
working 
with 
the 
vision 
of transforming 
India through 
agriculture. Our belief 
is that when we transform the 
lives 
of farmers 
by enhancing their 
productivity and quality in turn enhancing their income. We are making a small contribution in 
transforming India. We work in all major crops in India and have implemented the best in class 
technology to ensure a smooth and efficient supply chain. Dhanuka has a pan India presence 
through 
its 
marketing team 
and warehouses 
in 
all 
major 
states 
across 
India. 
With three 
manufacturing units and 41 warehouses across India we cater to around 6500 distributors and 
dealers and around 80000 retailers. Through this extensive network Dhanuka reaches out to 
approximately 10 million Indian farmers with its products and services. Dhanuka has more than 
1000 techno-commercial staff supported by the strong sales and marketing team to promote and 
develop new products. Dhanuka’s 
strong R&D 
division has world-class NABL accredited 
laboratories, 
as well 
as 
an excellent team 
for new products registration and development. 
Dhanuka has international collaboration with 
10 leading global agrochemical companies from 
US, Japan and Europe, which helps us to introduce the latest technology in India. This year the 
rainfall has been very uneven and although the overall rainfall is above average east and north 
region have suffered from very less rainfall whereas south and west have seen unprecedented 
rains resulting in flooding in many regions. 
Page 2 of 14

anuks 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
Coming to the financial performance for Q2 of FY2022-2023 revenues from operations stood at 
Rs.542.9 Crores in Q2 of FY2022-2023 versus 438.82 Crores in Q2 of FY2021-2022. EBITDA 
stood at Rs.97.52 Crores in Q2 of FY2022-2023 versus Rs.82.16 Crores in Q2 of FY2021-2022. 
Profit after tax was at Rs.72.02 Crores in Q2 of FY2022-2023 versus 63.37 Crores in Q2 of 
FY2021-2022. The zone wise percentage share of turnover for Q2 FY2022-2023 
is as under 
north India 26%, east India only 8%, the growth and the topline has suffered majorly in east zone 
because of the deficit in rainfall, west zone 37% and south zone 29%. Products category wise 
share of turnover for Q2 of FY2022-2023 insecticides 37%, fungicides 21%, and herbicides 31% 
and others 11%. The Board of Directors of the company in its meeting held today has approved 
the proposal 
for the buyback of 
10 lakh equity shares 
of the company for an amount not 
exceeding Rs.85 Crores at a maximum price not exceeding Rs.850 per equity share of Rs.2 each. 
The buyback 
is subject 
to 
all applicable statutory approvals. We are happy to inform that 
company has setup the Dhanuka Agritech Research and Technology Centre at Palwal, Haryana 
on 6 acre land equipped with all laboratory facilities and a training hall with a capacity of 100 
farmers. The R&D center will also be able to facilitate the demonstration of package of practice 
of various crops as per the season for increasing their quality, yield, and income. The Honourable 
Chief Minister of Haryana Sri Manohar Lal Khattar Ji has very kindly given his consent to 
inaugurate our R&D center 
at Palwal on November 4, 2022. After initiation of the exports 
department in September, we have started receiving queries from international market for our 
current product portfolio and we expect these leads to be used for export of products coming 
from Dahej plant as well. Further we are ready for launching our new range of biological 
products in the month of November with an initial portfolio of six products. These products are 
currently being sourced from the best third party vendors in the industry. Setting up of Dahej 
plant is progressing as per the scheduled time and we are expecting production to start from 
March end 2023. The company has obtained the registration certificate in CIB & RC under 
section 9(3) for the product Decide 31% WG for the control of various insects in Chilli and 
launched the product in Q2. We are getting very good response and unfortunately we were not 
having the technical which was not planned and we could not able to supply the material in the 
market as per demand. 
I am happy to inform the company was awarded in ABSA 2022 in the 
category “the Most Innovative Campaign on Horticulture.” Further myself received Zee Business 
award for the contribution in agriculture sector conferred by the Honourable Sri Manohar Lal 
Khattar, Chief Minister of Haryana at MDU, Rohtak on September 15, 2022. The Ministry of 
Agriculture has issued notification restricting use of glyphosate through pest control operators 
only. The industry associations are approaching to the state governments to discuss the effect, 
implementation, strategies and challenges of implementation of this order. Being India’s leading 
Agrochemical Company we are at the forefront of introducing digital solutions and innovations, 
streamlining 
policies 
and 
collaborating 
with 
various 
entities 
to 
boost 
the 
integration 
of 
technology across business segments. In the same endeavor we have tried to boost our reach 
through online farmer interactions and aggressive use of TV advertisement 
for all our key 
products. We are focused on expanding our market coverage through our network of distributors 
and our digital platforms where we engage with the end consumer. Also Dhanuka has tied up 
Page 3 of 14

anu 
Moderator: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
V. K. Bansal: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
V. K. Bansal: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
V. K. Bansal: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
with upcoming online platforms like Agrostar, Dehaat, Gramophone, and Plantix for online sales 
of Dhanuka products through their platform. We consider ourselves responsible to us securing 
the farmers welfare and preserving food security of the nation. We continue to strengthen our 
association with the farmer producer organization that is FPO, Krishi Vigyan Kendra KVK and 
other critical institutions to increase our business expertise and boost our market presence. Thank 
you very much for your kind attention. We would now take the questions from you which you 
may have. Thank you very much. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Hi, thank you 
for 
the opportunity and congratulations 
on 
a good 
set 
of numbers 
in 
the 
challenging environment. Just had a few questions, first is on the overall sales growth for the 
quarter and for the first half, if you can just provide some perspective in terms of how is the 
volume price mix being for us and a related question is if I look at our contribution margins last 
quarter it has been trending considerably lower and this is despite the share of ITI increasing in 
overall mix, so I think in the first half it is overall revenue mix and it is highest in the last three to 
four years 
so 
in that sense just want to understand how should one understand the overall 
contribution margin behaving for the next couple of years 
for us so that 
is one and second 
question is largely in terms of the operating cost which we have kind of been able to manage it 
much better despite the challenges in terms of the RM headwinds so in which areas or avenues 
we have been able to continue the cost? 
So the first question is with regard to the value and volume growth am I right? 
Yes and relatively on the contribution margins. 
The difference of value and volume is 7%. The volume growth is 16% plus in Q2. 
So out of 24% 
, volume growth is 7 and the rest is value? 
Value growth is around 24% and volume is around 16%. 
Okay sure. 
Your second question was regarding the ITI index, so we have introduced new molecules Decide 
Comex and Zanet and terminal so we are getting very good response in three molecules out of 
four and that is why the ITI index has increased to 14.75% in comparison to 9.8% last year so we 
have around 50% growth over last year in the ITI index and we do hope that we will be able to 
get much larger share of these molecules in the coming year and definitely if the molecule share 
will increase then definitely it will have impact on the margins also. 
Page 4 of 14

anuks 
Viraj Kacharia: 
V. K. Bansal: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
V. K. Bansal: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
The contribution margins in new products is always higher while they take time to mature and in 
the initial years one typically invest a lot in brand building and all so maybe the contribution at 
EBITDA level is not much but in terms of contribution level the margin in the new products is 
always higher so in that perspective 
if we see the increase in share of ITI despite that our 
contribution margins in the current quarter has seen a moderation, we have seen almost 300 basis 
points moderation in gross margin compared to last year so any perspective you can share, what 
has driven this, is it purely under recovery of RM or the base business itself has seen an erosion 
in terms 
of margins any perspective you can 
share, how should one look 
at gross margin 
behaving for next couple of years? 
Right your question is absolutely okay. Gross margin largely on account of liquidation of high 
value inventory as you know the prices were increasing on material in the month of April, May, 
and June 2022 and after that the declining trend was started so there is a hit on the margin on 
account of liquidation of high value inventory and to some extent on account of the product mix 
in Q2 percentage share of institutional share and the bulk sales also increased from 2% to 5% but 
because of that the hit in the gross margin and that will continue in Q3 as well this year but going 
forward after you see in the next year or in the couple of years our gross margins we should be 
able to maintain around 35% to 36% gross margin level we should be able to maintain. You are 
right that in new molecules which are under section 9(3) are the margins, levels are always 
higher but in 9(4) molecules or “Me Too” product the margins are lower so this year we have 
launched four products so terminal is one product which is a “Me Too” product and the share in 
ITI index for terminal is higher so since it is not a 9(3) molecule so margins in terminal were 
lower that is the reason that overall it has also impacted the margin. 
Again sorry to harp on this and this is a followup on the contribution margin. Historically we 
have done close to 37% to 38%. There have been years where we have gone above 40% also in 
terms 
of contribution margin. 
I understand this year we had impact 
in terms 
of high cost 
inventory but if you have to look in the next 3 to 4 years your communication is that it should be 
around 35% to 36% so just trying to understand where is this disconnect as share of ITI improves 
over a period of time this should in a way kind of aid your overall contribution margins but what 
you are saying is 
it will still largely be around 35% to 36% so just trying to understand the 
disconnect? 
When we are producing new molecule margin is good but at the same time our new products that 
were introduced four or five years ago we are losing certain margins so overall we are confident 
to deliver gross margin around 35% to 36%, 38% yes we delivered in the past 38% or 39% at 
times it is because even the trend has increased in size if the price increase in a particular year 
that particular quarter we can deliver much more because we always get advantage of the carry 
over inventory that point of time, but largely on sustainable basis I think 35%, 36% appears to be 
realistic. 
Page 5 of 14

anu 
Viraj Kacharia: 
V. K. Bansal: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Moderator: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
In terms of operating cost which elements we have seen savings or lower cost inflation so again 
last couple of years both in terms of employee cost and other expenses we have done a fairly 
good job in terms of containing this cost so just trying to understand how we have gone about 
achieving those savings if you can elaborate’? 
In terms of cost after COVID this year was absolutely normalized year therefore increase was 
there. I think cost this particular year I think we will be able to maintain our cost in terms of the 
same percentage going forward. 
Okay fine Sir. I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
The next question is from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 
My question was on China, so there were news of lockdown in China so is there any supply 
disruption similar to what we had in Q1 and what would be our exposure to China in terms of 
percentage? 
The supply disruption in China is actually a new norm and we have now seen it happening in 
2020 in COVID then that continued in 2021 and 2022 also every month the disruption has 
showed up itself in a different form and now the supply disruption is not a Chinese factor alone 
the supply disruption is because of logistics, because of the supply chain disruption at the back 
end 
in many manufacturing 
units, 
availability 
of key basic 
materials 
so many things 
are 
impacting the supply chain in different form. A new update on China every morning sometimes 
talking about disrupting microchip or sometimes disrupting 
I phones or sometimes disrupting 
chemical plant we have to take that in stride. Normally this means a delay of 15 to 20 days and 
nothing else. 
As you told that there is delay of 15 to 20 days for raw materials from China so is this relating to 
any cost increase because of this delay? 
Cost increase I do not think so is much there because of the delay it is the opportunity loss which 
sets in. 
My second question is on the upcoming season, how do you see the demand for the upcoming 
season given there was erratic rains and uneven rain, so how do you see the demand? 
Widespread rains across the country has actually elevated the ground water as well as the soil 
moisture so this is really favorable for the favorite crop wheat right now so we are quite hopeful 
of wheat acreage is going up significantly across the country. Demand of oil seeds means that the 
mustard acreage will also remain high so these are the two crops certainly going to take a pace. 
In south India kharif and paddy acreages were lower which now due to availability of water 
Page 6 of 14

anu 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Resham Jain: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Resham Jain: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Resham Jain: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Resham Jain: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
should come up aggressively in south India as well as in east India. Crop damages in kharif 
prompts the farmer to go for his earnings protection through Rabi planting so again we are 
hopeful of Rabi planting and Rabi acreages to be overall the higher. 
In the last quarter basically the last 15 days of September there was heavy rains and flooding in 
north India basically Uttar Pradesh and we have a huge exposure in north India so where there 
any sales affected because of this erratic flooding in the last half of Q2. 
Erratic rains especially it is heavy then they do impact this consumption at the farmer end. These 
opportunities is lost that is one and standing water in the fields means that opportunity even if the 
rain has stopped that is impacted so yes this heavy rain has certainly impacted consumption for 
the farmer and for the industry. 
The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Hi good afternoon. So few questions first one is on inventory levels at the industry level for 
agrochemicals what is your sense given that the kharif season has not pan out as expected how 
are the inventory levels in the situation currently at the market place ? 
I would feel that the inventory levels would be substantially higher relatively higher for sure both 
at the channel 
as well 
as the industry end 
so industry would be holding relatively higher 
inventory. 
What is the situation for us at Dhanuka? 
So in channel we normally do not hold high inventories but at our end yes our inventories are 
relatively higher. 
Okay got 
it Sir and do you think because of the better outlook of Rabi things should get 
normalized in six months or some of the molecules may get used only in the next kharif season 
now? 
Some of the molecules are very specific but as of now I do not see which one would be impacted. 
In fact most of the products which are specific are Rabi is specific, kharif products will still have 
opportunity and Rabi also, so most of the kharif products will have Rabi opportunity in south 
India as well as in east India. 
Understood and the second part is on the technical plant at Dahej you mentioned that from March 
23, 2023 onwards it will commission and production will start, but anymore further insights on it 
compared to what you were envisaging let us say six months or a year back is the overall in terms 
Page 7 of 14

anu 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Resham Jain: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Moderator: 
Anurag Patil: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
of expectation of the kind of product you were thinking about manufacturing and any other 
opportunity which is emerging there’? 
Actually this plant will open up many opportunities in the new world order and huge attraction 
on China plus One overall chemical demand so we are banking on all that attraction around us. 
As of now our narrative is that we start production, we go live in March and then play from there. 
Okay perfect. Thank you Sir. 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir first question is in terms of 
the high cost inventories, which impacted our H1 performance so have we exhausted all the 
inventories and now we have come to the low cost inventories in Q3? 
Actually it is not because the declining trend will continue, the inventory which was procured in 
the month of June largely liquidated but whatever we procured in July or in August, it is liquidate 
in Q3 there will be impact on high cost inventory as well. 
Sir second question is in terms of exports so we have recently started in the month of September 
our export unit so have we started feeding the market based on the products that we plan to 
manufacture in our new facility or the products where we have got enquiries from the export 
markets 
so have 
we 
started 
sending 
the 
samples 
and 
getting 
those approved 
before 
the 
commercial supply start? 
So we are exploring the export markets from all these angles and we are really hopeful to catch 
some elements there very aggressively and more so once our technical plants comes up. 
Right Sir got it. Just one clarification on the guidance so we have said that revenue guidance will 
be double digit growth and as I understand the EBITDA margins will be at the same level as it 
was last year so effectively our topline growth will also reflect absolute EBITDA level growth as 
well, is the assumption right? 
You see in terms of percentage there would be decline in EBITDA margin. 
Okay fair enough got it. Thank you so much Sir and best of luck. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. For our Dahej plant 
is there any upward revision in the total 
project cost? 
Page 8 of 14

anu 
V.K. Bansal: 
Anurag Patil: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Anurag Patil: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Anurag Patil: 
Moderator: 
Rohan Gupta: 
M K Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
M K Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
Not significantly, earlier we were expecting we will invest till March around 210 Crores now as 
per our estimate it is going to be 225 Crores. 
What will be the revenue potential from this plant? 
We are working on it we will say in the next quarter call. 
What is our glyphosate revenue contribution is it material enough to affect us? 
No glyphosate contribution in our portfolio is hardly 2% and as such there are two parts to it. 
One the contribution in our portfolio is hardly 2%, two the order does not stop us from selling 
glyphosate so we continue to sell and as we see it and as we interpret it we will continue to sell 
going forward also and the regulation does not stop us from selling. The regulation only says that 
it is to be used by PCO. So which is an ecosystem which the state governments are working on, 
industry is providing all the required support to the state government to create a PCO network 
and ecosystem so that the Indian agriculture is not deprived of glyphosate application. Just to add 
to it is another dimension. This could be an example of how two different departments work but 
eventually they will converge, the recently GM mustard has been approved genetically modified 
mustard and the genetic modification there in the mustard 
is weed control, weed control by 
application 
of glyphosate 
so that opportunity very much 
exists. The 
scientific community 
acknowledges that so 
it 
is there to stay. 
It 
is only that the relevant ecosystem has to come 
together to make it move. 
Okay Sir, that is it from my side thank you very much. 
Thank 
you. 
The 
next 
question 
is 
from 
the 
line 
of Rohan Gupta 
from Nuvama Wealth 
Management, please go ahead. 
First one clarification. You mentioned the volume growth for the quarter is 16% right while the 
balance 7% is guideline growth? 
Right. 
Is not 
it that the price increase has been much higher and much sharper given the increase in 
chemical prices or it is that in our value added product basket or specialty product basket the 
price increase has been very limited and most price increase has been in 
a generic product 
category? 
Yes the price increase mainly happens in generic category, as shared earlier the prices for the 
specialty molecules are fixed usually for one year. In one year the price 
is not increased but 
unfortunately because of the devaluation of rupee our imports are in dollars so ultimately our 
costing increase because of the forex losses so that is the reason that it has impacted the margins 
Page 9 of 14

anu 
Rohan Gupta: 
M K Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Anika Mittal: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Anika Mittal: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
apart from the high cost inventory the increasing of the dollars rate has also impacted the margins 
of the company. 
Sir second question is on our buyback so I understand and you have also earlier mentioned that 
the company will be on a capex mode given this Dahej plant and how we want to go ahead in 
terms of adding the capacity and also have few more intention to cater to the export market given 
that you still have decided to go ahead with the buyback of up to close to Rs.80 Crores so 
I 
thought that the company may go slow on this distribution of income to the shareholders do not 
we have any aggressive capex plans over next couple of years beyond this during the approval of 
capex which we are already putting on manufacturing? 
After some investment in Dahej unit immediately we do not have any plans. For the bio division 
and the export division we do not need any capex, so except Dahej for immediate capex plans are 
not there and then every year we are going to basically on profit of around 200 Crores so that 
way we do not need any funding and we will be able to manage our capex from the internal 
accruals only. 
I was saying that there has been significant increase in receivables in debtors’ levels in first half 
any particular reason for that’? 
You see there was basically cash flow was little tight in the Q2 because of which the debtors 
levels increased but if you see overall outstanding is little bit control which means the collection 
is better now in November and December we are expecting good collection by the end of Q3 
debtors will be in line with the growth of the company. 
Okay Sir that is it from my side thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research, please go 
ahead. 
Hello, 
Good 
evening 
Sir. 
I have 
only 
one question 
can 
you provide 
the 
overall 
Indian 
agrochemical companies outlook towards the ongoing energy crisis in Europe due to which many 
agrochemical companies in Europe have been curtailing their production so how are you seeing 
this situation will this situation benefit the Indian agrochemical companies and how are you 
seeing this as an opportunity not only in terms of exporting to Europe but also to other territories 
where earlier Europe are exporting? 
Your question kind of trailed out for me. I understand you are asking about the opportunities but 
in reference to what? 
Opportunity due to energy crisis in Europe. 
Page 10 of 14

anuks 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Anika Mittal: 
Moderator: 
Ayush: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Ayush: 
Moderator: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
Europe is in a completely different situation, it has various challenges to deal with right now in 
terms of energy required for keeping the houses warm and in terms of their own food supply 
coming from Ukraine and Russia, which were the large suppliers of wheat and sunflower for sure 
but lot of other food items as well. So Europe has to struggle through their food supply, their fuel 
supply and for running their chemical plants both in terms of basic raw materials as well as the 
energy. So this does open up opportunities in many ways for Indian agriculture as well as Indian 
chemical manufacturer. This is still opening up these dimensions. So this is not very clear as to 
how this opportunity will shape up but certainly India will have a big role to play both in terms of 
global food security and supplying basic raw material and key manufacturing chemicals for 
pharmaceutical as well as for agrochemicals. 
Okay thank you Sir, that is it from my side. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush from Nuvama, please go ahead. 
My question is for the gross margin we have seen six consecutive quarter of gross margin decay 
earlier on in the call you alluded to some mix change towards bulk sales 
I would just like to 
understand how that or the quantum of impact that 
it may have going forward on the gross 
margin, secondly on the Dahej plant which is coming up if the bulk of production is for captive 
consumption can we not see some gross margin advantage coming from that and thirdly how are 
we placing ourselves when it comes to exports I am really sorry to bunch up all my questions but 
then I would appreciate if you could take them? 
You see the impact on gross margin is basically because of two, three reasons. I will only share 
the major impact in this financial year first half is because of the high price inventory liquidation 
one. Second the impact of the rupee depreciation and product mix. As far as the share of increase 
in institutional sale in bulk the impact is not significant the overall impact could be 20 to 30 basis 
points 
in 
the 
first half of the 
financial 
year. 
Second 
question 
is 
with regard 
to 
captive 
consumption of Dahej production. We cannot share this thing now because we are evaluating of 
making this program but probably we will be in a better position to share this thing during the 
concall to be held in the month of April. 
Sure alright. Thanks a lot Sir. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SIMPL please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity again. Just had two questions first is on the export part you said in the 
earlier part of the call that you have started receiving enquiries both in terms of existing portfolio 
where you are receiving enquiries where are we in terms of registration on those, so just trying to 
understand that come March 2023 when we are commercializing the production we would be 
having the registrations for these in place or the registrations will be owned by the customers just 
Page 11 of 14

anuks 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Viraj Kacharia: 
M K Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
trying to understand where are we in terms of registration both for this and second is in terms of 
the pipeline for new products for exports so how is that taking shape? 
That is absolutely very industry specific and insightful question I would say. So registration has 
three dimensions mostly there are countries in export opportunities where registration 
is not 
required or based upon Indian registration we get access to those markets. So to begin with we 
are exploring these markets where the registration process is not long drawn or complex. Then 
our easy registration markets where we have applied for registration and we will get probably 
access to those markets in the next few months so those will be our next target. Third one we are 
working on the investment in registration in different countries which we will expand towards the 
end of this financial year. So these are the three ways in which we are exploring the export 
market so we already have opportunity with some of our existing products, existing formulated 
products as well with which we are going for the export market access. Meanwhile we are 
working for developing products and formulations and recipes relevant for export market and we 
are working on that aggressively. 
I think what you mentioned right now is that we are looking at exports of formulation and I think 
earlier communication was largely in terms of exports of technical? 
This is very interesting. As we ventured into exploring the markets for technical grade what we 
discovered is there is huge opportunity available to us for export of formulations also for which 
we already have capacity as well as capability so we are just leveraging that. 
Okay so irrespective of Dahej we can actually look to scale of exports in a material way just 
commercialization of Dahej itself does not restrict us in scaling of the formulation fees right for 
exports? 
That 
is right. Irrespective of Dahej we have 
a plain export market 
is what we realize and 
understand. Yes the export market which is more of a B2B market we will certainly need specific 
levers to stay strong where Dahej comes into picture. So our in-house production are some of the 
key levers which we will use to get bigger in exports. Formulation export we feel and still we are 
discovering is not long term or independently sustainable without a technical backup but we are 
still learning. 
Okay and usually when we talk about formulation exports also 
so typically these are two 
distributors and say countries which have less regulatory barriers or these are primarily to the 
MNCs just trying 
to understand because idea was over 
a period 
of time 
to leverage the 
relationship which we have with some of the MNCs eventually cater the time for specialty 
molecules? 
At this stage I would just say that exports is a good opportunity. We have just recently learned 
and are getting into it. 
Page 12 of 14

anu 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Moderator: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
Okay sure good luck thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant Capital Markets 
please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity again. I just wanted to understand on glyphosate. I understand it is 
only 2% of the revenue but the prices had gone higher in the last few quarters so are the prices 
still higher or is there any correction you can see in glyphosate? 
For 
last 
3 months prices have been correcting down 
side. 
The prices have been moving 
downwards. 
Yes sure and the other one is on a patent which we have received and the commercialization is in 
FY2023 the herbicide which has a base in Metribuzin so it will be helpful if you can share what 
would 
be 
the opportunity from 
this 
patent 
what 
are 
the demand dynamics 
in 
India 
for 
Metribuzin? 
Well the patent that we received is for an herbicide and it will find its application in sugarcane. 
Given the current global scenario sugar prices are up and also sugarcane factor has ethanol 
opportunity so these are the two specific dimensions which will keep sugar market buoyant and 
our product will find huge opportunity in weed management in sugarcane so that is where we see 
to have a place. 
Yes but this will be like domestic focus. 
Mostly domestic focus yes. Most of our focus is domestic here. 
Lastly on the insecticide portfolio so if I look at the split this time the proportion of insecticide 
has declined compared to the same period last year so is there any softening of demand related to 
insecticides in India? 
No not really. 
I would say that it was due to heavy rains that the insecticide application did not 
find adequate opportunity which also translated conversely into more of herbicide consumption 
thereby both in absolute terms as well as relative terms insecticides have not come down and this 
is just specific rain dependent pattern and this is a not a long-term pattern in the Indian market. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Thanks for the followup. Just one question in terms of the capex and buyback so we have 225 
Crores of capex for Dahej in FY2023, there is 85 Crores of buyback and maybe 15 to 20 Crores 
Page 13 of 14

anuks 
V.K. Bansal: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Moderator: 
Manish Mahawar: 
M K Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
November O01, 2022 
of maintenance capex so effectively 325 Crores of investment just wanted to know how we are 
planning to fund this entire investment based on the current cash on hand and the cash flows that 
we will receive in the second half? 
You see in terms of Dahej investment of 225 Crores to be happened in 2021-2022 and 2022-2023 
so effectively in the year 2022-2023 it would be around 160 Crores and rest happened in the year 
2021-2022 and with regard to the investment of Dahej and buyback that we will manage from 
internal accruals plus we are holding in the beginning of the year treasury around 300 Crores so 
out of treasury plus internal accruals for this year that will be managed. 
Right got it. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Manish Mahawar for closing comments. 
Thanks Rutuja. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to thank the team of Dhanuka 
Agritech for providing us an opportunity to host the call. DhanukaJi, would you like to make 
closing comment? 
Yes sure. First of all 
I would like to thank all the participants to participate in this concall 
organized by the Antique Broking. To summarize at last Dhanuka continues to demonstrate our 
ability to overcome challenges and emerged stronger despite uncertain business environment. We 
will aggressively roll out new formulations in the upcoming quarters and would ensure that 
it 
reaches to the consumers. 
I reassure our shareholders that we are committed to the task of 
transforming the landscape of agriculture in India and will play an integral role in rewriting the 
future of a better and new India. Recently Dhanuka has started campaign “India Ka Pranam Har 
Kissan Ke Naam.” We presume that farmer has not got that respect which he is entitled to, 
because he is working hard in the field in 50 degrees temperature and 0 degrees temperature, 
because of his hard work we are able to get the food and we are not only self sufficient in food 
now but we are in a position to export. Lot of countries are suffering from the shortage of food 
supply. Recently we learned about Lanka and now in Europe also the inflation rate has crossed 
10% more than that so we are thankful to our farming community and I salute them that because 
of their hard work we are able to get the food so this corporate theme “India Ka Pranam Har 
Kissan Ke Naam we are basically made an ad which we are playing on various TV channels and 
newspapers and magazines, etc., so we hope that this will continue in times to come. Wishing 
you all the health and safety. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 14 of 14
