 
 
 
 
 
SIS Limited  
(Formerly Security and Intelligence Services (India) Limited) 
Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka 
Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar 
Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com 
CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083 
 
 
Date: November 8, 2022 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Company Symbol: SIS 
 
 
 
Company Code: 540673 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call – Q2 FY23  
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earning call conducted on November 3, 2022.  The 
transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.sisindia.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 For SIS Limited 
 
 
 
 Pushpalatha K 
 Company Secretary 
 
PUSHPA 
LATHA 
KATKURI
Digitally signed by 
PUSHPA LATHA 
KATKURI 
Date: 2022.11.08 
14:11:08 +05'30'

 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call                                                                                                         Page 1 of 11 
 
SIS Limited 
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript       
November 3, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies, and gentlemen, and welcome to the SIS Limited 
Q2 FY '23 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then zero ‘0’ your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bharat Bakhshi, 
President M&A, Investor Relations and Ventures from SIS Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Bharat Bakhshi. 
Bharat Bakhshi: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to 
our Q2 FY23 earnings call. Along with me, I have our Group 
Managing Director, Rituraj Sinha and our Group CFO, Devesh 
Desai. I hope everyone has had a chance to look at our results and 
the earnings note, which has been updated on the stock 
exchanges and also on the company's website.  
 
So, for this quarter, we are happy to report that the India business 
is showing extremely strong growth in revenue and improving 
margins. This quarter, we recorded our highest ever revenue of Rs. 
2,678 crore. The India security business grew 8.8% quarter-on-
quarter and 21.7% year-on-year. 
 
The Facility Management business grew 10.1% quarter-on-quarter 
and 40.1% year-on-year. In fact, this is the second quarter in a row 
that the Facility Management business has grown at almost 40% 
year-on-year and is now run rating Rs. 500 crore a quarter.  
 
On the margin front, as we had indicated earlier, India margins are 
on an upwards trajectory. In India Securities, margins, which had 
moved from around 3.8% to 4% in the previous quarter, have now 
moved to 4.4% this quarter, which we find very encouraging.  
 
On the International side, as we had indicated earlier, margins will 
now be returning to pre-COVID levels with higher-margin COVID 
contracts coming to an end. And this quarter, margins were further 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 2 of 11 
depressed due to an unusually high minimum wage increase of 
4.6% in Australia, which is quite unprecedented. However, this 
impact is a temporary phenomenon. The wage increase gets 
passed on to clients for our contracts, but there is a timing lag. So, 
we expect this to be compensated in the next two quarters. In fact, 
this large wage hike is actually better for us as it will help boost 
absolute revenues and earnings as it gets passed out to the client. 
So, on an overall basis, we are very happy with the business 
momentum. 
 
We will now turn it back over for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Aditya 
Khandelwal from SILTS. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Sir, we have seen good growth in Facility Management business, 
and it is back to more than a pre-COVID level, but the margins still 
seem to be lower. So, any particular reason why these margins are 
lower? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think the most notable fact that I want to bring to your attention 
is that our Facility Management business, we had called it in the 
midst of COVID that this business will be the greatest beneficiary 
from the fact that COVID has brought greater impetus on hygiene 
and sanitation. And that clearly seems to be playing out, for the last 
two quarters the business has maintained almost 40% growth over 
same quarter last year. And now the business is run rating Rs. 500 
crore per quarter. Mind you, this business was barely Rs. 300 crore 
in the pre-COVID time. So it's almost doubled, close to doubled in 
this period. 
 
Your concerns around margins are very well understood. Margins  
(inaudible) seem to  hover around 4.5%. A large part of that is 
because of onboarding of a large number of contracts, new 
contracts. And there are start-up costs of those contracts, but rest 
assured, the Facility Management business' gross margin is very 
much intact. We are operating at ballpark 12% range gross margin. 
And we believe that we will be back towards the pre-COVID level 
of 6% EBITDA within one or two quarters. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
And sir, I read an article regarding Government has allowed private 
security operators to man the airports as well. So we are doing this 
business in Australia. So do you think there is an opportunity for us 
in India as well? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Yes. The aviation sector opening up for private security is a mega 
opportunity for the entire sector. I think this opportunity will evolve 
over the coming years. As of right now, the standards are yet to be 
defined and most of the airports have gone for the lowest cost 
agencies to undertake some basic work like boarding pass 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 3 of 11 
checking, etc. But as the sector opens-up more like in Australia, like 
in US and other parts of the world, there will be more stringent 
qualifying criteria for who can be the private security provider at 
an airport facility. I think in the long term, this augers very well for 
us. We have the necessary expertise and the credentials to run 
aviation security, complex staff, including people and baggage 
frisking. We are waiting for two things: No. 1, the regulations to be 
clarified and additional roles beyond just boarding pass checking 
to be handed over to private securities. At which point in time, we 
will enter the aviation security market at the right price points. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
And sir, we are providing Security, Facility Management and Cash 
Logistics services in India. So just wanted to understand, do you 
think there are cross-sell opportunities to clients where we are 
supplying only one service? So, do you have any data points 
regarding this, or we are tracking this? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, we've had this question in the past as well. If you reach out to 
the Investor Relations team, they will be happy to share the 
percentage of Security clients who use Facility Management 
services and the number of Facility Management clients who use 
security services from us. That data is available and please reach 
out directly to the IR team.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vidit Shah 
from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vidit Shah: 
My first question was on this acquisition of SDS. Could you just 
elaborate on the sort of market opportunity that is there in 
Australia and what sort of market share does SDS command? And 
just broadly what the EBITDA margins and profitability is for this 
Company? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
SDS is operating on a 5% EBITDA margin line, as of right now. But 
as we integrate that with our strategic medical services and 
synergize the cost, I think the EBITDA margin line will move up 
further. And this is a strategic acquisition for us because apart from 
plain vanilla security services, this is a higher-end service with 
paramedics and other such health and safety-related services, 
which are in high demand now in evolved markets like Australia. 
And combined with our organically built strategic medical 
business, plus SDS, we are roughly $65 million per annum in this 
segment. And post synergies, we think the margins will also move 
up. So, this is quite an attractive deal for us, especially because 
we've acquired this asset at marginally below 5x EV/EBITDA. 
Vidit Shah: 
 
And it's profitable as well, right, SDS? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
 
Yes, it is 5% EBITDA. 
Vidit Shah: 
 
On the PAT level, I asked? 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 4 of 11 
Rituraj Sinha: 
 
Yes. 
Vidit Shah: 
And in the opening remarks, I think you have mentioned that the 
wage hike will help boost revenues and EBITDA. I understand how 
it’ll help boost revenues, but could you elaborate on how would 
wage hike in Australia will help boost our profitability in the long 
run? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So what we said is that 4.6% is the highest minimum wage hike in 
Australia for the past 10 years. If this entire wage hike is passed 
through, it will translate to roughly 4% to 5% revenue increase on 
an annualized basis. As regards to EBITDA impact, this will 
obviously increase the absolute value of the EBITDA. Further in 
contracts, which were lower margins and operationally more 
complex, we are pushing an incremental 1% to 2% price increase 
on top of the 4.6%. And a reasonable chunk of clients so far seem 
to be supporting the idea. Therefore, we are very bullish that even 
as Australia has reported its worst quarterly numbers in a decade 
at least, this development of 4.6% wage hike and incremental price 
hike on select customers, which are relatively lower margins will 
more than adequately cover up for the revenue gap, which exit of 
COVID-related contracts have resulted. 
 
I would like to also share with you that in this quarter, we had new 
order wins worth $25 million annualized in Australia on top of the 
price hikes. So I guess, even as the Australian result or the 
International business results sort of clouds over the good 
performance in India in the quarter, this is a transitioning phase. So 
you will see better numbers hopefully. 
Vidit Shah: 
And in Australia, are most contracts, annual contracts, where the 
revision happens at the expiry of the contracts? So what is the 
average duration of contracts? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So like I have said this in the past, in security industry globally in 
India, Australia, Singapore, New Zealand, contracts are generally 
signed for one year to three years, but most of these contracts roll 
over for longer periods. For example, in Australia, more than half 
our revenues, more than half our contracts have been continuing 
for 10 years or more. So these are all rollover contracts. It’s a very 
sticky business. That is the reason why in this annuity business 
model, you have a very predictable revenue growth. I mean, for 
example, if you look at the last five years of the 20 quarters as SIS 
listed, we have maintained a 15.1% annual CAGR. Over the last 20 
quarters of 15.1% annualized CAGR, despite COVID and all the 
things that have happened in this duration. So the stickiness of 
contracts is not the issue in this industry. 
Vidit Shah: 
Understood. And do we still maintain our Cash OCF to EBITDA 
target of 50% going forward with this level of growth being 
achievable like I mean, if, let’s say, India business grows at around 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 5 of 11 
25%, 30%, would we be able to achieve the 50% target that we set 
up? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So look from the day we have listed, we have indicated to the stock 
market that SIS benchmarks itself against three metrics: 20% 
growth, 20% return on equity and 50% OCF to EBITDA. This is not 
to say that this is how you should model our forecasted numbers. 
This is the metrics on which the compensation structures of my 
CXO’s are set up and Profit Center Head is set up. So, what I want 
to explain to you is that we are hoping to go back to the high teens 
or 20% range growth this year. And mind you, that is not coming 
off a low base in FY ‘21 and FY ‘22, both COVID years, SIS has 
maintained 7% growth in the first year, 10% growth in the second 
year, despite zero acquisitions and with little to none minimum 
wage increase. So, basis absolute volume growth, we have 
delivered 7% to 10% growth in FY ‘21 and FY ‘22. Despite Australia 
and International business going to look slower this year in FY ‘23 
because of the fact that the COVID, 45 million contracts are exiting 
the system despite that, in the Indian side, you will see close to 20% 
growth. Return ratio-wise, we have maintained 19% odd return on 
equity throughout the five years. I mean, again, a statistic I want to 
share with you. In the five years since SIS is listed, we have 
maintained an average return on equity of 19.7%. So, we see 
ourselves, despite good years of growth and COVID time years, the 
return ratios are pretty much stacked up, like we have indicated. 
As far as your exact question about OCF to EBITDA, during COVID 
years, what we witnessed was exponential OCF because growth 
was slow. Now as growth increases, working capital requirements 
in the business will increase, OCF to EBITDA will come down, but 
we still track ourselves against 50% OCF to EBITDA as a metric.  
Vidit Shah: 
Just one last question from me is on the annual report, there’s like 
this Rs. 20 crore computer software and development asset that is 
being there. Could you just highlight on what sort of computer 
software is being developed and the capabilities that come with 
it? 
Devesh Desai: 
Yes. So this is basically largely centered around two core platforms. 
One is to redevelop and reorient our core business software of 
invoicing payroll contract management, make it scalable, cover all 
businesses in the group and create one uniform system across the 
India businesses at least. That’s one part of the core platform. The 
second part of the core platform is to introduce and implement a 
common financial accounting platform across the group. We have 
just completed that deployment across the group in India, 
Australia, Singapore and New Zealand in the last quarter, that is 
Oracle Fusion. And the next step is to live the two platforms, 
integrate them and complete the deployment in India for the core 
business platform. 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 6 of 11 
 
Apart from that, there are various enhancements going on to the 
different existing systems like the SalesMaxx, the iOPS, the mobile 
and antenna and different applications also, which have been put 
in to capture daily attendance, facial attendance of our guards, 
manpower through the MySIS App. So there’s a whole host of 
technology and tech-enabled initiatives going on to streamline our 
operations, make ourselves more efficient and provide more 
granular detail into the business to enable us to take better 
decisions going forward.  
Vidit Shah: 
So these are largely to aid decision-making? Or will there be any 
some substantial benefits to our fixed costs in the future? 
Devesh Desai: 
So we will get more visibility into our cost structure, our contract 
structure, our site profit structure, we’ll get more visibility into that. 
It has enabled us to take the right decisions and improve our 
margins and profitability going forward and also make up is more 
efficient in our operation. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mukul Garg from 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
First of all, good performance in the India business, both on 
Security as well as Facility Management and especially seeing that 
finally, the minimum wages are moving up to something which 
was pending for a while. Just two questions regarding that. First, 
while you guys are saying that you will take about two quarters for 
the impact of minimum wage increase in Australia to pass through 
the contracts. How should we think about the impact in India as 
this minimum wages kind of start getting into your costs as well as 
your contracts, will these duration be slightly longer as contracts 
for some of our renewal or how should we think about the timeline 
from a pass-through perspective? And second, again, this is 
something which puts a bit of an incremental pressure on the 
formal side of the cost for enterprises. So do you think in the near 
term, this can have some adverse impact of the utilization of formal 
versus informal services at your clients? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So on the India minimum wage issue, I think you must first 
understand that between 2010 and 2020 pre-COVID, the average 
minimum wage increase in this country was ballpark 10%, 11%. And 
this happens State level and Central level combined. During 
COVID years, this went down to sub 3%, with high inflation and 
pressure on the Governments, both State and Central, it is highly 
likely that the Governments will come up with significant 
minimum wage changes. I can sight some examples, large States 
like Karnataka had gone for 23% minimum wage increase in one 
shot. That’s a 23% rise in minimum wage to compensate. States like 
Bihar, which are traditionally very low minimum wage area where 
they don’t increase minimum wage generally, they have gone for 
17% minimum wage hike one shot. Even smaller States like Sikkim, 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 7 of 11 
it's not a big market for us, but even smaller States, just to illustrate 
my point, Sikkim has gone for a 67% minimum wage hike one shot. 
Now these are just some States that have moved. We believe, large 
portion of the States will have to take similar action. When it will 
happen, cannot be forecasted, whether it will be 15% or 5% or 45%, 
again it’s not for me to predict. What I can see clearly is that 
minimum wage revision is due, there will be catch-up minimum 
wage revision across the States. When that happens, in the 
immediate term, there will be catch-up impact on us, numbers will 
take a hit for one to two quarters, but the long-term implications 
will be extremely positive because higher minimum wages, means 
industry consolidation, when people have to pay higher prices, 
they tend to move towards larger and more compliant operators 
because they don't want to pay a higher minimum wage to the 
local agency, that makes no sense. So that is a trigger for 
formalization. It's a trigger for attracting better talent and retaining 
talent in the industry. So, more people join the industry, more 
people stay back in the industry. And number three, it has an 
immediate yield of higher margins on an absolute basis, and it also 
allows us to squeeze out incremental price changes from low-
margin contracts. So macro level, it's great news, but whenever this 
happens, it will upset the numbers for that one quarter. 
Mukul Garg: 
And in terms of any past experience of shift for like maybe a near 
term move towards the informal economy from the formal sector 
because the people generally intend to push back on paying 
higher prices for availing services. Is that something which can be 
a slight near-term hit, or I think those things are unlikely to happen 
given the new compliance regulations? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
It's quite unlikely. It can happen in remote certain situations, but 
very few. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shalabh 
Agarwal from Snowball Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
Sir the first question is on the India side. Our annual report 
mentioned that we had won couple of contracts, both in VProtect 
as well as Tech SIS for certain PSUs. So wanted to understand 
whether these will be all tender-based businesses in which case 
would profitability be lower given these PSUs would have selected 
the lowest bid? That's the first question. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So VProtect does a service called alarm monitoring and response. 
It is basically a service where you provide security with negligible 
manpower involvement. The contracts we've taken on are both 
tender-based contracts from the likes of State Bank of India, 
Canara Bank, etc. But a large share of contracts are also direct 
contracts, which are not particularly tender-based. They are 
negotiated contracts. Then add to that, there is also direct sales, 
which is into homes and small businesses that want to replace 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 8 of 11 
guards with a more sophisticated electronic security solution. On 
a combined basis, if you look at even State Bank of India, which is 
a tender-based contract, it generates an EBITDA of double digits. 
And the contracts which are non-tender-based generally ballpark 
in mid-teens to high teens in terms of EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, your voice broken. Can you please repeat your 
last line? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So I was saying that even State Bank of India type tender contracts 
are double-digit EBITDA contracts. And the negotiated contracts 
are ballpark in mid-teens to high teens in terms of EBITDA. So 
overall, because this is not a manpower-based service and there 
are great economies of scale because the same monitoring center 
actually services all the lines, and we've already made those initial 
investments. This is a higher-margin business. I must share with 
you that by the end of this year, this business will be run rating 
close to Rs. 75 crore, Rs. 80 crore on an annualized basis. And we 
believe that as the share of such type of services goes up in our 
overall mix of security solutions in India, this will also help with 
margin uptick just like ManTech Solutions that Tech SIS provides 
basically equipment rental business, where we provide electronic 
security as a service, that plus alarm-monitoring both are margin 
drivers for us in the long term. And it's great that both businesses 
are developing well. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
How do these businesses fare in Australia, given that's a developed 
nation and one would expect a higher demand in that part of the 
geography, the ManTech, which is what Tech SIS does and what 
VProtect does? 
Devesh Desai: 
So in Australia, of course, they are, again, specialized service 
providers who provide this kind of business and service in our 
Southern Cross Protection business. We have a similar kind of 
alarm monitoring and response services. We have some level of 
electronic security business over there. And that is why the 
Southern Cross Protection business delivers a higher margin than 
the traditional guarding business. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
How much would they contribute to our International sales these 
ManTech kind of solutions that we are doing? 
Devesh Desai: 
That would be approximately maybe around 8% to 10%. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
And the second question is on International. Are you also exploring 
having  FM in International markets where you are already present 
and you know we have expertise in that area? Is that something 
that you are exploring or is that possible? 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 9 of 11 
Devesh Desai: 
So in the International business, we will be focusing on the core 
Security business and Security-Related services. We do not intend 
to get into the FM kind of business in our International segment. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
Any reason why is that business different over there? Or is it done 
differently and doesn't make sense for us? Or any particular points 
that you would like to highlight? 
Devesh Desai: 
So we want to focus on the Security business and the Security-
Related services in International segment. That's the strategy 
we've adopted and we'll focus on this only over there. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
And sir, lastly, on the International side, I think last quarter also, 
Rituraj mentioned that Henderson acquisition hasn't really gone 
that well. Given Henderson was one of our biggest and most 
expensive acquisition in terms of the absolute amounts probably 
that we would have spent. Just wanted to understand what, where 
we went wrong and we always have this structured approach to 
our, whatever we pay to the seller, so where you went wrong and 
why, which needed to face this kind of a loss in Henderson? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So I don't think that I'd say that Henderson is money down the 
chute and it's a deal that's gone wrong. I won't say that as yet. Let 
me remind you of the facts. So we acquired a business in 
Singapore, just barely half a year before COVID struck. We were in 
the process of changing management and putting in place our 
systems and protocols when COVID started. Now that led to a 
contraction of demand. It also resulted in several things, which are 
just beyond our control. Physically, we had no access. Net 
summary, COVID sort of disrupted our post-acquisition integration 
plans in a very severe fashion. Net result was that we lost a bunch 
of contracts. We came down severely on the EBITDA line. But the 
business is under redevelopment or rebuilding phase. 
 
What you must remember is that the upside of COVID was that we 
received close to SGD 30 million as grants from the Singapore 
Government under the Job Keepers Act in order to ensure that 
nobody loses his job. Out of that 30 million, we have rarely used  3 
million, 27 million dollars remains parked in Singapore, which is 
basically more than adequate to rebuild this business back to 
where it was. It is just that rebuilding will take time. 
 
So two things I want to call out today. Number one, that Henderson 
is not down the chute. It's just a business where we got caught in 
the midst of COVID. Number two, to rebuild Henderson, we have 
adequate funds parked, which is Henderson money, and 
Henderson would not be needing to lean on our International or 
Indian operations in the rebuilding phase. So what Henderson 
needs is some patience. 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 10 of 11 
 
Having said that, SIS over the last many years has acquired more 
than 14 assets, 14 different acquisitions in India and overseas. We've 
done joint ventures. We don't have a failed case on our hands to 
date. And sometimes you take good decisions. Sometimes you 
take decisions that have gone wrong. But what we need to then 
do is to stand by your decision that is seemingly going wrong and 
fix it. So we are not abandoning Henderson in any way. We believe 
it's the right market. It's a good asset. We put in good leaders. Now 
it will take some time to turn this around. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
How is Henderson trending currently in terms of top line and 
EBITDA for this year or where you are targeting it for this year? 
Devesh Desai: 
So at this point, Henderson is run rating at a revenue of almost 30 
million. And we believe that on an EBITDA basis in Q3 or Q4, we 
should reach the EBITDA breakeven there. So we had all our SG&A 
costs over there. We have deliberately not reduced our SG&A costs. 
We haven't deliberately reduced our people because we are 
invested in them. And they will be required when we are doing the 
rebuilding phase. So at this point, there is a conscious decision we 
have taken to keep that investment in the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rituraj Sinha 
for closing comments. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Thank you very much. I think it's been a pleasure to talk to all of you 
today. I know that the results for this quarter are clouded by the 
situation in International business. But I would encourage all of you 
to look at the business in India and the significant development on 
the Indian side. The Security business in India has reported a 9% 
quarter-on-quarter growth and our Facility Management business, 
has yet again reported 10% quarter-on-quarter growth. 
 
And if you look at the margins on the Indian Security side, there 
were 3.8%, which went up to 4% last quarter, which has gone up to 
4.5% this quarter. So we are tracking well on the Security margin 
recovery as well. If you look at our Cash Logistics business, even 
they have done fairly well reporting, not just group, but also a 
record 17% EBITDA in this quarter. Like I explained, the 
International business has more to win as the minimum wage 
catch up, etc., plays out by Q4. So I guess that’s my summary take 
on the results.  
 
And I also want to underline the fact, before I conclude, that apart 
from the organic development, our M&A engine is back in action. 
Post-COVID, we have acquired SDS, albeit a small deal, and we 
hope to get the second engine of our growth also up, even as SIS 
group will remain predominantly organic, strategic acquisitions 
that we have been making pre-COVID that trend will continue, and 
we hope that we bring it back on reins for FY ‘24 transactions 

 
 
  
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 11 of 11 
mainly. But we are in the process of developing some interesting 
discussions.  
 
So thank you very much once again. I wish you all the best. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SIS Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
