Registered & Corporate Office 
Redington Limited 
(Formerly Redington (India) Limited) 
Block3, Plathin, Redington Tower, Inner Ring 
Road, Saraswathy Nagar West, 4th Street, 
Puzhuthivakkam, Chennai -600091 
Email: investors@redington.co.in 
CIN: L52599TN1961PLC028758 
www. redingtongroup.com 
 
 
 
 
 
November 7, 2022  
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.  
 
Symbol: REDINGTON  
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
 
 
Scrip: 532805 
 
Sir/Madam,  
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript 
This is further to our letter dated October 27, 2022, intimating the details of Investor/Analyst 
call on the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call hosted on November 
3, 2022. 
 The same is available in the Company’s website https://redingtongroup.com/india/financials-
and-reports/  
We request you to take this information on record.  
Thanking you.  
For Redington Limited 
 
 
 M. Muthukumarasamy  
Company Secretary 
 
 
MUTHUKU
MARASAMY 
MUTHUKRI
SHNAN
Digitally signed by 
MUTHUKUMARAS
AMY 
MUTHUKRISHNAN 
Date: 2022.11.07 
17:08:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Redington Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
DISCLAIMER: E&OE - THIS TRANSCRIPT IS EDITED FOR FACTUAL ERRORS. IN CASE OF DISCREPANCY, THE AUDIO 
RECORDINGS UPLOADED ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE ON 3RD NOVEMBER 2022 WILL PREVAIL 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV SRIVASTAVA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
REDINGTON LIMITED 
 
MR. S.V. KRISHNAN – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – REDINGTON LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Redington Limited Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Srivastava, Managing Director. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Thank you so much. Good morning, and I hope you all can hear me clearly. And thanks so much 
for participating and joining early morning today on our conference call. On this call I've got my 
Global Chief Financial Officer and my Finance Manager on the call. Global Chief Financial 
Officer, S.V. Krishnan and Finance and Lead Analyst, it's Deepika on the call. I just wanted to 
give you a sense on how the quarter went by, what we see in the market as a preamble, and then 
we can open it up for question and answers from each one of you. 
Just as a precursor or a statement, I just wanted to reiterate that we are really pleased to report 
another strong quarter of sales and operating margin growth. We closed the quarter with a growth 
of 25% on revenue, EBITDA grew by 23% and PAT grew by 26%, all strong numbers supported 
by solid execution across businesses and geographies. And because of that Redington continues 
to gain share and secure new opportunities in the markets that could really compete there. This 
is despite an evolving macroeconomic environment, despite of that, we remain well positioned 
to continue to grow our business profitably by helping our customers and suppliers navigate an 
increasingly complex market. 
Redington achieved record revenue and operating margin for the second quarter of the year, as 
our continued investment in improving our technology capability, in building deeper 
partnerships with our vendors and partners and Tier 2 and Tier 3 partners making our breadth of 
offerings far more comprehensive than ever before. And also the weighting in business models, 
and all of these investments in these four areas have strategic playoff. This is the highest ever 
quarter two for us both from a topline and bottom-line perspective, first time ever that we've had 
two consecutive quarters of 25%-plus of growth. And just as an additional information, this has 
been the highest-ever growth, half yearly growth since the time we went public. 
Now I just wanted to also let you know that this delivery has been really broad based with all 
our operating regions and various business units contributing to growth. All our theaters, India, 
Middle East and Africa, Turkey and South Asia have seen pretty robust growth and all the 
business we are in value categories and the volume categories, cloud, storage, etc. have all seen 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
very-very broad-based, very fundamental, very solid growth. The business benefited in the 
quarter as in next. You have seen global technology reports and global reports and the mobility 
consensus that said demand related to work-from-home and learn-from-home has been coming 
down, it has been subdued. In fact, the work-from-home and learn-from-home, which is a 
consumer market, a reflection of how the consumer trend is shaping up, has de-grown. And that 
has got balanced out by demand from enterprises, from mid-market, from SMB, and those three 
segments of enterprise mid-market and SMB have more than made up. 
Back to office, the procurements related to data center, migration to cloud had been the new 
catalyst here, and in the area of data center migration, cloud, back to office, new technologies 
have been leading. New technologies of the nature of artificial intelligence, technologies around 
data capture and data analytics and data analysis for various companies, how you manage and 
utilize your data for insights, those are things which have been really leading the way and the 
thing that that will be the trend for us as well.  
Our geographies, in which we operate in the Middle East, Africa, Turkey and the countries of 
South Asia, they are largely consumption and investment-driven. Most of the GDPs have shown 
a positive trend, though we have seen a slight softening going forward. And by virtue of the 
GDP showing a positive trend, one of the major spenders have also been government. And, like 
I said, it has been consumption-led, but clearly there has been some parameters which are not so 
favorable but very stable business environment that we've been operating at. 
You're also aware of the financial situation across the world, it is highly volatile and there are 
obvious headwinds. And let me call out a few. We've seen a very high inflation regime, high 
commodity prices, increase in interest rates, which means the cost of capital has gone up 
significantly. These impact demands because it makes less money in the hands of consumers 
and buyers and they also impact margins. We have seen currency devaluation in some of our 
operating countries; Egypt, Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana and some of the other ones, even India, for 
instance, and we've seen that happen in many countries, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh, all of it. 
While there has been a delay in delivery of networking products, which has impacted the 
execution of large project business, shipping situation of technology products has eased 
considerably. It continues in the mobility products, but in the rest of the core information 
technology, which is PCs, servers, storage, it has eased significantly. And the networking 
products of the variety such as Cisco, Aruba those are the ones which continue to be impacted 
by the shortage and supply chain disruption. 
We have seen a hardening of oil prices which possibly impacts a lot of countries we are operating 
in. So obviously, there have been some good and some not-so-good financial indicators and we 
expect because of the geography that we are covering, we expect these to balance out for us. We 
will continue to be extremely watchful and cautious over the next few quarters, because how the 
world is globally connected completely, but I think these are balancing out for us. 
Let me also give you a peek into the future. As we project ourselves into the future, we do see 
or anticipate a continuation of a constrained demand environment in certain categories. 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Categories would be access products, which are PCs and printers at home, work-from-home, 
learn-from-home, like I said earlier, but it will be better, the demand environment will be better, 
and categories like data centers, clouds, services, accessories and some mobility products will 
see an upswing. We therefore, expect to sustain a reasonable revenue and margins from our 
recently implemented operating environment improvements that we've created for ourselves, 
amidst the backdrop of whatever is going on in the world from a geopolitical and financial 
perspective. 
So net-net, I think our strategic initiatives, our ability to execute in a tough market and that 
makes us extremely optimistic about the future. And one of the business; I didn't talk about 
earlier was on the Proconnect our logistics business and that has seen a good turnover and the 
good stabilization and growth. So we can discuss in detail about all the numbers through the 
questions that we might have, but this is just a commentary I wanted to paint to you, so that you 
get a context on what's driving our performance and how we foresee ourselves projection into 
the future. 
So let me stop over here and open it up for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. Anyone, who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Shalini Vasanta from DSP 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
This is Vivek Ramakrishnan. My question is on two issues. One, has the working capital cycle 
normalized? And it seems to be stable at this number. So is this the number that you expect to 
see continuing? The second question is, do you get a sense that there's still a lot of latent demand, 
in the sense that you really well laid out the shift from working from home to MSMEs and so 
on. Do you still feel that there is still latent demand and how do you read the situation? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Let me answer both the questions and I can ask Krishnan to add to your working capital question 
also, but let me take it in reverse order, so that we can just get Krishnan also into this discussion. 
Look, like I said, demand of work-from-home and learn-from-home has come down, it's not 
gone away, it's come down, and it will get balanced over the short run through a refresh cycle 
that is bound to happen very quickly because of the migration of operating system from 
Windows 10 to Windows 11. 
So there is that interesting dynamic that is going to play-out that people will love to or try to 
upgrade the systems from a technology perspective, from Windows 10 to Windows 11. That will 
create one cycle of demand, may not be latent but it will force a demand towards the access 
products. The demand that is there on the hiring technology, because we are seeing a very rapid 
and aggressive moves made by MSMEs and by enterprises, government, education, all kinds of 
sectors, to shift their operating working styles to a more digital environment. I am refraining 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
myself from calling this as a digital transformation, that has many context, many connotation, 
but every company is trying to move towards a more digital working environment. 
So that demand will continue. That demand will continue towards the creation of data centers at 
the back end. It will accelerate towards putting more applications and workloads on the cloud, 
it will continue towards more cybersecurity to be created for companies and far more capabilities 
to be created by more companies. We are seeing that interesting dynamic play out. And that part 
of the business will continue to be very-very robust. 
So the drive updation that companies are seeking towards converting their environments to be 
more digital, and everything in digital in all the journeys with the customers, employees, 
partners, I think that journey is irreversible. And some companies will be faster on that curve 
than others, but that really is the one which is fueling the demand today in the enterprise, MSME, 
government and public sector markets. So that's something which is a good demand environment 
which we are seeing constantly and consistently across. 
The working cycle, if you recall, on the last call we had guided you the working cycle will be 
stabilized somewhere in the range of 27 days, 28 days to 35 days, which is higher than the 
COVID times, but lower than the pre-COVID times, and that exactly is the way in which the 
working cycle has played out in this quarter. We are at 27 days which is right at the lower range 
of our guidance that we've given and that's how we see it. The working capitals do have a 
tendency to increase because, like we said, the financial markets are the way they are, and that's 
basically went up to this level. But our guidance continues to be in this zone of 27 days to 28 
days and 35 days. And Krishnan if you want to add something. 
SV Krishnan 
Yes, Rajiv. I think you have explained it clearly Rajiv, just to supplement that, see, what we 
have observed while there is an increase in the AR, there is a good increase in AP which 
neutralizes the AR increase. So primarily the working capital increase is in the form of inventory 
days increases. And this again, if you go back to our last call, we had mentioned there is a very 
unique situation that's happening in the market, where in enterprise products, particularly where 
we are, we have got part shipments, we couldn't get the complete shipments because of some 
shortage of products or supply chain issues and we are not able to bill the customer and that's 
one of the reason why we have excess inventory. 
Second, in the consumer business, specifically, where there is a softer demand, it has resulted in 
higher inventory getting build up, which we think over a period of time, I mean, both these issues 
will get resolved and we are quite confident we should be staying well within the range Rajiv 
mentioned. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
Sorry, if I can just sneak in one more question. Are the margins the same regardless of which 
channel, whether it's going into working from home or enterprise solutions, are your margins 
the same across both these channels? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
No, look, margins are driven by many things, not just the channel you're selling to, or the 
segment you are selling to. They are driven by the category of products you buy, whether you 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
buy it as a product or as a service or you buy as a capex or an opex, or what kind of integration 
you're acquiring. So depending upon the type of sale you make, the margins will get driven by 
that. Whenever there is a larger integration required, the margins are better. Whenever the 
products are high risk, the margins are better. Even when you sell to home, for a product that 
costs INR 30,000 will provide lower margin than a product that costs INR 60,000. So I think it 
is driven by a variety of factors. Our margin regime has stayed very consistent over the last 
couple of quarters and has turned out to be very well. So that's the way you'll have to think of 
how margins play-out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Kshatriya from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
My first question is regarding the sustainability of the growth. I mean, you did give some color 
on there are few moving parts, which are going up and going down, but we have not really seen 
this kind of growth for a long time. And so can we expect this 25% kind of a growth sustain, 
because historically we have typically seen the low to mid-teen kind of a number on the growth 
side? So that's my first question. And if you can comment a bit on what led to 40%-odd growth 
in the RoW Consumer segment? And secondly, I would also like to understand how should we 
see the tax rate going forward. These are my two questions. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
I think a bit of the answer was there in your question, the sustainability of growth, whether you 
will sustain 25% or not is something that is hidden in your question that you're saying where 
there are world markets which are a little uncertain right now. And that's the way we see it. In 
the last quarter, there was a significant drop in the PC industry across the world, the industry 
dropped by 15% and our volume business was much better than that. Our volume business was 
up 24%. The way you think about growth, the way we think about growth for ourself, because 
we also distributed in our operations . We think of growth across two or three dimensions. One 
is we obviously try and gain share in whichever market we are present in. So a bit of revenue 
growth in these kind of products come from share gain. 
The second thing is, we expand the products to newer geographies, new countries, which is what 
we benefitted in the last quarter and that starts to help and deliver for the new products. And the 
third we do is we add new categories of product in the same geographies and new geographies. 
All of these are starting to work out for us. I think there is a very concerted and a very focused 
growth strategy that placed out. Now, can we sustain 25% kind of a growth even if the markets 
dip a lot more and just by virtue of that everybody becomes that much more effective in the 
market. I think that's a moot question. We'll see how it plays out. But the only thing I can tell 
you is, two points. One, we are very focused on delivering a double-digit growth and we are 
focused very-very focused on outstripping the market growth by a factor. We will continue to 
grow faster than the market. And this should obviously deliver a double-digit growth. If the 
market turns out to be better, we will do much better than the market. 
So, in that one you have to play hard, as it is we have a very intact no matter what happens to 
the market, I'll continue to grow at 25%. That's a very hazard for us all and I won't be going in 
that zone, in that direction. But I can only tell you, the way we are trying to operate for ourselves 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
and execute our plan, we will do extremely – we will outstrip the market growth and we are 
focused on delivering double-digit growth. I think that's from a growth perspective. 
 
The second point of yours is about, what led to consumer growth in the market in Middle East? 
Look, Middle East has been a very different dynamic, quite often they have behaved differently 
versus the rest of the market and clearly this quarter was a revelation for us from the perspective 
of how the growth has been placed in Middle East. There are two or three things happening. 
Middle East, if you see, UAE is one country which is really focused on modernizing itself and 
growing all the cities.  
The second country which is similar and focuses on growing everywhere is Saudi Arabia. Africa 
has got a country like Nigeria, a country like Kenya and Ghana which are very focused on 
growth. We don't play in South Africa, which is also growing, but I'm just talking of the countries 
we are focused on, those are the countries which are growing very fast. And then there was an 
event, which obviously is happening right now in Qatar, which is the Soccer World Cup which 
is fueling a huge amount of demand for all kinds of technology and all kinds of non-technology 
products as well. 
So I think, if you net it out in the way in which I am trying to talk to you about all the countries 
which are really, really focused on changing themselves, transforming themselves, there is a 
country transformation which is at play in a lot of countries in the Middle East and Africa and 
that really helped us.  
So I think that's what led to our consumer growth being so high -- there. Turkey turned out to be 
better than what we had expected it to be earlier. So all those factors led to growth in the 
consumer in Middle East and Africa and like I said, our growth sustainability I already explained 
to you how we look at it. 
SV Krishnan: 
For your third question Pranav, with respect to the tax rate on a sustainable basis, we have 
mentioned this before, I think on a sustainable basis you should take about 21%, 22% at a 
weighted average rate. This I would say from a short to medium-term, from medium to long 
term it could be at about 25%, 26%, the reason being the global minimum tax rate is expected 
to come up in about two years time from now.  
So if you look at in Q1, we were at about 21%. This quarter it is down, it's primarily because of 
the mix and also I mean, what we have seen in Turkey when we have a very significant 
depreciation of the currency, it impacts our tax rate, that hasn't happened in the current quarter 
and which is also one of the reasons why the tax rates have been down in the current quarter. 
But otherwise, on a sustainable basis, for the next one to three years, you can take about 21%, 
22%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Rajiv, your voice is very muffled. I don't know if it's only for me, but it's very muffled on the 
call. So this is one. The question is on the -- and if you could just give some color on the 
enterprise segment, what proportion of the IT business right now is the enterprise segment and 
how that has sort of -- I think almost 100% of the incremental revenue is from the IT side on a 
sequential basis. So just wanted your thoughts on how that business is doing and how it will do 
going forward? 
The second is, some data points on provision for inventory and provision for receivables, how 
that has sort of moved on a sequential basis. Your thoughts on how the cost of debt is sort of 
playing for us. I'm sure we do a lot of commercial paper, 45 days, but how are the interest rates 
sort of moving for us and how do you anticipate the impact on a going-forward basis? And how 
much of that do you think will really flow through into the gross margin for an offset? Those are 
the questions. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
All right. There’s been many questions. Thanks so much. Let me start with the first one on how 
the IT and how the segments split of IT is working out and I'll let Krishnan talk about the 
provisions, cost of debt, interest rate, okay? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Rajiv, your voice is very muffled. I don't know if it's only for me. But very muffled. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. Is it any better now for you? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes, it is very clear now. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. All right. No problem. So let me do this. I was using hands-free. My apologies. And in 
case you guys want me to repeat anything I can do that, but let me give you a certain -- a bit of 
color on the way the enterprise segment is working up. See, our split of our revenues in Q2 is IT 
portion, which is volume, value, cloud is about 74%. And within that, enterprise comes within 
that.  
Our enterprise segment grown 15% and I'm just talking about -- and I'm splitting the enterprise 
segment into two now. The first enterprise segment for us is pure-play products of server, 
storage, network and software, those kind of varieties. And the second enterprise segment as I 
am treating is and I'm hoping going forward we can put more emphasis on that is going to be 
cloud because the whole world, the buying of technology, the way technology is getting 
consumed by people, it's so dramatically different from just a couple of years, it mandates us to 
have a segment like that.  
Our value business in Q2 has grown 15%, our cloud business has grown 67% and both are fairly 
demarcated in the geo context. India has grown and so is Middle East, so is Africa and so is 
Turkey, okay, for both of these -- both enterprise products and the cloud products. Going 
forward, and to the earlier question that Pranav had asked about sustain and the question about 
latent demand in the market from Vivek, I had mentioned to you that there are many, many, 
many digital migration projects which are on right now.  

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Companies are focused on becoming more capable, on becoming more friendly and more 
consumer and customer-centric and they have realized that the only way you can manage this 
dynamic is by adopting more digitalization as opposed to putting more people behind processes. 
So that shift or transformation or conversion towards more digitalization, more capability leads 
us to believe that the value part of the business, which is products of the nature of server, storage 
and network and software will have a good run, and the cloud, because a lot of capabilities for -
- and cloud has got many of the reasons why people are adopting cloud, will continue to get 
accelerated and adopted.  
So I think those are the things -- that's the way in which we see the enterprise part of our 
technology play out. Now, there is the volume products which go into enterprise. Okay. PCs and 
laptops, they are also fine, they are volume products, but they have a consumer segment, learn 
and work from home, and they have a commercial enterprise, government and that kind of a 
segment where people are buying for their offices that demand of refresh of technology. 
See in the last three years what happened was when people go home, the technology refresh was 
drift, it did not happen at all. But now when people are coming back to the offices, they now 
suddenly realize that the equipment bought three, four, five years ago is no longer current and 
so they need to transfer that equipment to a more current technology. So there is a refresh cycle 
which is playing out. And the other one which I said earlier was there is a refresh cycle of the 
operating system from Windows 10 to 11. So I do anticipate fairly, stable fairly robust enterprise 
IT buying cycle. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure. Just a follow-up on that, quick one see, whatever you mentioned, both on products and on 
the cloud, for us it's slightly different, right. The cloud is more MSME and SME, right, mid-
market, whereas the product, server, storage, volume products, enterprise, you could have a lot 
of large procurements there. So on the large procurement side, just wanted your thoughts on – 
is that because of the shortages that were there, are you basically seeing elevated order books 
and that sort of continuing in that space or -- and how long do you see that continuing? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. Look, like I said earlier, the shortage situation has got hugely moderated over the last two 
quarters. We saw shortages in chip and a whole range of supply chain disruptions in servers and 
storage and networking. So all of those elements, all of those product categories were impacted 
by shortage, and all of those product categories are not anymore impacted by shortage. So server 
and storage and server, storage has gone out of the shorter cycle. The only product that continues 
to be in the shortage cycle or supply chain constraints is the networking products, products of 
the nature of Cisco, products of the nature of Aruba and those kind of products which continue 
to be on short supply.  
Now in case you have a project which necessarily includes all the elements, those projects, and 
by virtue of that, those large procurements will undergo a delayed execution cycle, okay. But in 
case you have projects which do not require every single component to be done simultaneously 
those projects are going through and there are many, many, many such projects which are still 
continuing to go through and some projects are obviously impacted, because of the mismatch, 
imbalance in the complete offering, bill of materials of a particular project delivery. So that 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
dynamic continues on the networking side, but otherwise, largely, like I said, it's been taken care 
of and addressed in server storage and also in PCs and printers. 
Krishnan, you want to address the questions on provisions and cost of debt? 
SV Krishnan: 
Yes, I'll do. I mean, provision for debtors perspective for the current quarter, we are at about 
0.03%, I mean, much lower than our long-term average of about 0.1%, so it's about 3 bps for the 
current quarter. The provision for inventory has been slightly at an elevated level of about 0.24%, 
which would normally be at about 6 bps and this increase is primarily on account of the factors 
which I had said for the earlier query. On one hand, we have received part shipments and we are 
yet to bill. It is taking time for the rest of the BOMs to come in.  
And since we have a very consistent provisioning methodology, we thought we should continue 
to provide for it. Second is the inventory buildup in consumer, which also had impacted this 
provision percentage, which we think once the situation gets normalized, because eventually all 
these will get sold and there will be a reversal happening at future quarters. 
For your question, Nitin, on the interest rate, yes, interest rates have spiked across the board, 
across the markets and some of these increases are quite steep and I mean, we are able to manage. 
To answer you in terms of our interest rate increase, we have seen about 2% interest rate increase 
overseas and about 1.5% interest rate increase in India. And these are weighted average. I mean 
we have multiple products and some of the loans we had – they closed it before, which is also 
helping us.  
But when we approach the CP market, as we speak now, we are still able to get at about 6%, 
sometimes even sub-6%. So that's something which – I mean, as we are now, we are quite okay. 
The challenge is in Turkey where there is a significant increase in the interest rate. So this is the 
actual market interest rate. If you go by what is declared by the central bank, it wouldn't be so, 
there is a big divergence between what was declared by the central bank and what's the real 
market rate and you'll be surprised, it's about 33%, 34%.  
So that's where we have a challenge in terms of interest cost. But having said that, we are trying 
our best to realize it in the form of better margins and whatever profit that we have declared is 
in spite of that. Does that answer you, Nitin? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes sir. It does answer. And, historically, your ability to sort of pass this through and get it on 
the gross margin level has been quite consistent. There may be lags but you usually do it. So that 
should sort of continue, right. That's a fair assumption. 
SV Krishnan: 
Absolutely, you're perfectly right. Immediate passing on is not possible because some of these 
transactions, contracts will get structured before, but with a lag we will be able to recover. That's 
why I said we have not too highly missed out, but this is something which we need to be 
watchful, Nitin, considering our P&L is highly interest-sensitive. 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure sir. Perfect. Just one quick last one. The question that Pranav had asked on the tax rate, 
actually our standalone tax rate has also gone down, right. Our effective tax rate on a sequential 
basis, it's around 8% TTR. Is there anything specific one-offs out there or? 
SV Krishnan: 
Okay. I just need to check. Sorry. I mean, I don't know is it because of -- one second. I mean, 
I'm just thinking, but definitely I will come back to you. See, during the current quarter, we had 
the dividend income from overseas subsidiaries and whatever dividends that we received from 
overseas and declared to our shareholders, it isn't subject to tax. So since it is part of the 
standalone listing profits, maybe the tax rate could be low. And generally, you will find about 
24%, 25% being the tax rate in standalone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen in order to ensure that management is able to address 
questions from all participants, please limit your questions to two per participant. The next 
question is from the line of Sanjay Parekh from Sohum Asset Management. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of number. So one in terms of 
character of the business, generally what I see is that we have 2% net margins, we've turnaround 
almost as of now on this first half, almost 12 times… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Parekh, may we request you to speak a little louder? 
Sanjay Parekh: 
Yes. Now is it fine? 
Moderator: 
Yes. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
Okay. So in terms of character of the business, we have 2% net margins, we turn around 12x, 
13x. So we make 24%-plus ROE, which is great. But when we see the cash flow right, for a 
business of the scale at which we are, let's say, we do INR 80,000 crores this year, cash flow 
also would be very important. And first half, broadly, we've done 800-plus cash profit, but 
working capital need has been INR 3,000 crores.  
So what I'm trying to say is when you look at the business and in your presentations you've 
emphatically say the ROE, ROCs are good, which is very good. But free cash generation as a 
part of your business at this scale, let's say, you go up INR 20,000 crores more I was just seeing 
-- and if your working capital needs are this, then yet you will not can raise -- I mean, generate 
cash flow. So how do you think about this business in terms of cash flow generation is the first 
question? 
And the second question is -- I mean, you did allude in your initial remarks that globally there 
is a huge slowdown in this space. So a little more elaboration of how do we think about our -- I 
mean for us how do we pan out in the second half? That's it. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
SVK, you want to take the first couple of questions and I can… 
SV Krishnan: 
Sure. I will do. Okay. See, Sanjay, I think your point is very valid. I mean, considering the 
operating profit, the churn that we have in terms of working capital. Obviously, it is a very highly 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
working capital-dependent balance sheet. I'll tell you, any growth rate north of 10%, 12% with 
the same working capital days in this business results in additional debt. So if the growth rates 
are more than 10%, 12%, we have to reduce the working capital days to generate the cash flow. 
That's the model, because it's working capital intensive.  
But what I want to tell you here, in spite of the dynamics of this industry being what I have said, 
for the last six years we have consistently generated cash flow and quite significantly. You know 
very well, and I'm sure you'll appreciate what I'm saying, when you have in the last two years 
about INR 3,600 crores, INR 3,700 cores of free cash flow generation, and I need to tell you, 
our calculation of free cash flow is after payment of dividends which generally many people 
don't do. That's the way we calculate the free cash flow.  
When we have made a total profit of about INR 2,000 crores in this period and out of which 
about INR 1,000 crores or about INR 900 crores has been declared as dividends, you can imagine 
there will be a bounce-back, that was because of the steep working capital reduction which we 
had said is more one-time on account of what had happened during COVID period.  
Now it is getting normalized and this is something which is expected. But moving forward, I 
mean, from a sustainability perspective, if the growth rate is north of 12%, either the working 
capital days has to come down or there will be an incremental dip, that's the nature of the business 
unless and until our operating profit percentage goes up, which in our view is unlikely in this 
business. Not sure whether I have answered your query, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
Yes sir. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. So thanks Krishnan. And I can -- look, I won't be repeating a lot of what I said to the 
earlier question on growth and how we're thinking of our growth from Pranav when he just 
asked, sustained growth of high levels or what it will be. There is a global slowdown, we see 
that and we mentioned then if you see all the reports of all IT companies across the world today, 
whether it is HP or it is Microsoft or Dell, whoever you see, everybody is guiding in a certain 
particular manner.  
The PC industry, like I said, in calendar Q3, which is our fiscal Q2, PC industry went down by 
15% and the whole industry went down by 9%. So you see a global slowdown, but the way we 
manage our business of trying to expand categories, expand geographies and expand and gain 
share is the one that has helped us in the last couple of quarters despite a slowdown. And we 
hope to stay the course of navigating these environments to create strategies, which will help us 
to continue to grow, and these are the strategies where we have got to be stronger than ever 
before, customer centricity has to better than ever before.  
Your experiences that will deliver to your partners and your customers have to be absolutely 
very differentiated. So we've got a few things lined up in our arsenal which help us to continue 
to grow and that's the reason I said that earlier, we will grow faster than the market come what 
may and I'm hoping that's the way we see the market in this quarter. We will be in a double-digit 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
growth rate. So that's the way we position ourselves and that's the way we structure and strategize 
for our growth. 
SV Krishnan: 
Yes. Sorry, if I can pitch in. For the earlier question, Nitin, I had checked in parallel and lower 
tax rate in standalone is only because of dividend. Otherwise, the normal tax rate is maintained. 
Moderator: 
Thank you; The next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from Sameeksha Capital. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Thank you for opportunity and congrats on the good set of numbers. Just two data points, 
because most of the questions have been answered. On the Brightstar, if you can provide first 
half and second quarter revenue number because that won't be a part of the base last year? 
And second, on the ProConnect profitability, if you can share some inputs on, the growth seems 
slightly muted, if you can comment on ProConnect and how we think, because given the 
enterprise is growing, we believe ProConnect will be complementary or beneficiary if the 
enterprise is firing up. So if you can address this? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. Okay, no problem. We can address both those questions of yours. On the first question, on 
the Brightstar side, Chintan, Brightstar you know we acquired in December last year, so 
aggregate results of Brightstar from December last year, which is calendar year 2021, we started 
to aggregate/integrate as well. And this quarter, Brightstar is about INR 750 crores to INR 800 
crores, Krishnan, are you can give that number but… 
SV Krishnan: 
Yes. About close to INR 800 crores, Rajiv. And first half about INR 1,500 crores. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. So in that range, it is about less than 5% of our overall sort of revenue from that perspective. 
And going forward, from next year onwards, obviously, it will become a regular thing, which is 
differential this year, but it will be a regular thing from going forward as we go. And I'm hoping 
that -- sorry? 
Chintan Sheth: 
Sorry. I was just asking how it is growing from its base previous year or is it growing or it has 
been flat on a YoY basis? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Brightstar in Turkey -- I mean if you understand Turkey a little more, you will -- Turkey has got 
many other interesting dynamics at play, inflation being 100% and the capital and the interest 
rate has been 33%. You've got to manage the business in a manner that you can stay afloat and 
you can still continue to make money in Turkey. So I think the Brightstar business for us has 
been stable, steady. We are not focusing on excessive growth there. It's very minor, it is a single-
digit growth, so it is a very small sort of a growth number that we have from that side. So that's 
the way we are trying to manage that. 
The question on ProConnect is also an interesting question. I think it's important for us to get 
you -- now, ProConnect is a very, very strategic part of Redington. It has delivered a revenue of 
close to INR 140 crores in the quarter gone by which is a 7% growth over the previous -- on a 
Y-o-Y basis. We believe ProConnect will become at least a 1,000 crore company in the next 
three years. 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Okay, let me tell you why we're so bullish about it. One reason for bullishness is that the entire 
logistics and supply chain market globally is in focus and you're finding that a lot of such 
organizations are having very, very strong business cycles right now because of supply chain 
market is so, so stressed and strained and the disruption that logistics companies are having a 
very -- could have a very good thrust.  
So that's one thing which is there. But more from our perspective -- that's a market thing. More 
from the way we see ourselves in ProConnect and where we are trying to meet our investors. in 
ProConnect is very strong working on the fundamentals of the company, and those fundamentals 
are three or four.  
One fundamental for ProConnect is building the highest levels of automation and technology 
intervention to make sure every part of the operations and business in ProConnect is digital and 
automated. You link your supply chain with the customer supply chain. Link your supply chain 
with your partner supply chain, so that you can map on both sides and you can be absolutely, 
absolutely automating. So we are shifting our game in ProConnect from a logistics provider to 
a logitech provider. Okay? Logistics technology provider. That's one very strong thing. 
The second thing that we're focused on and building out is harmonizing our operations and 
automating our operations, so whatever we have, from a customer experience perspective, make 
sure that every single metric or measurement, every single scorecard that we create in the 
logistics industry and you would know that logistics industry works on scorecard, it works on 
experience and that's something that we're very focused on and building it out as we speak. 
The third thing that we are doing is we are creating niche for ourselves by becoming a very 
strong and very capable solutioning for logistics. Now logistics is not simple. If somebody wants 
to move some equipment from China to India, it can have multiple types of journeys and it will 
have multiple types of documentation, management, handling, CHA all kinds of things. So you 
need to have a very strong capability of being able to build right solutions for a complex logistics 
process end-to-end, from manufacture to delivery, or even pre-manufacture to delivery and 
consumption is something additive too. 
And the fourth thing that we're building out is on a very strong sales input. So I think we're 
creating a sales team. We've invested a lot on creating and building out leadership in sales 
leadership across the country and that's what we do, are very bullish about it ProConnect and we 
see that as a very, very strategic part of continuing strategic part of the business. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Sure. And lastly, if you can elaborate, because we were also hoping that 5G will be likely to roll 
out maybe by end of this year, there are trials happening. So do you foresee this demand from 
5G will start picking up from this year and that will also support some consumer demand further? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes, I would caution you to think of 5G as a consumer demand. We always create 5G in a 
headset, handset. And so if my handset is 5G enabled, I will get a handset and that's something 
which is there, which will happen. Handsets which are 5G enabled will find favor to sell more 
than handsets which are not butthat's the overall mobility procurement demand, much less than 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
anything else. Right? You got to be thoughtful about 5G from an applications perspective. The 
applications in 5G will create a very-very unique demand environment. 
5G is a network, which is almost a zero, it is a zero legacy network, allows you to do things in 
real-time. So your innovation cycle, your creation cycle, your manufacturing, your training and 
development, your health care, hospitals, remote diagnostics, and remote operating procedures, 
all of those will be enabled by 5G in sometime to come in India and I've seen that operating 
across the world. We've traveled to many countries wherever it is working right now. I've seen 
it firsthand. So you have a very-very disruptive sort of a 5G environment, so an application play 
which will play out in some time, that will fuel a very strong demand for technology, both IT 
and mobility. So we're obviously very bullish as it plays out over the course of the next couple 
of quarters or years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krish Mehta from Enam Holdings. Please go 
ahead. 
Krish Mehta: 
I have two questions. The first is if you could provide the revenue number for your cloud 
business and the cloud-managed services for this quarter? 
Rajiv Srivastava : 
Yes, I can give you the revenue number for cloud business and cloud-managed services for this 
quarter. Our cloud business in Q2 FY '23 is INR 506 crores and our cloud-managed services 
INR 21 crores. 
Krish Mehta: 
And I wanted to understand more on the demand outlook and mix in context to cyclicality for 
the business, like, given that there's been so many changing dynamics in terms of consumer 
demand versus enterprise demand, and as you said, on work-from-home and learn-from-home. 
How do you view the business also looking at the supply chain easing in the future, just in terms 
of cyclicality, say, in the next two, three years? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. I think it should stay or pretty much mirror the cyclicality that we're seeing in this year play 
out. This year is a more normal year. Last year, when we were entering into fiscal last year FY 
'23, we were -- FY '22 last year, we had -- if you recall there was the strains of COVID were still 
there in the month of April, May, June, continued into July, August and we had a bit of a 
disruption there at that point of time. But this year the conditions have been far more normal. 
The COVID health scare is a lot less, number one. Number two, the supply chains of the world 
are getting restored, even though expensive, but they're getting restored. Third is the commodity 
cycle which the prices had gone up and there was a shortage of commodities. While the prices 
continue to be high, at least the supply chain and commodities or the availability of commodities 
had got restored. 
So I do see a much more normal sort of cyclical situation this year and continuing next year than 
it was the previous year. Now there are some shortages like network equipment, continues to be 
shortage. But I think in the course of the next one quarters or two quarters, we are hoping that 
that will also become completely normalized. So you will start to see the cycles of buying over 
the quarters getting far more steady state and standard and mirroring the business cycles of 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
companies. The countries and companies have different business cycles. We will have to be 
cognizant of the fact that the procurement are not specific to the manufacturers. So for instance, 
if Turkey has a year-end in December, Turkey peaks in December. India has a year-end in 
March, India peaks in J-F-M quarter. Some of the countries, they have year-ends in June. And 
Australia, for instance, has a year-end in June, they are buying peaks in the quarters of April, 
May, June. So those get mirrored. That's what I meant by the cyclicality getting normalized 
through the operating environment of the country. And that's why we see no abnormal 
interventions anymore unless there is something else which happens, which is completely out of 
whack, and we can't predict those kind of unforeseen situations. But otherwise, the intensity is 
going to be absolutely-absolutely normalized now. 
Krish Mehta: 
 
And lastly, if I can just get a clarification on the accounts receivable provisioning for the quarter? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
There will be few. There will be few far and few between. It's not something, which is really-
really -- it should not be much  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Shah from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Shah: 
So first of all, I agree with the other callers about the sound quality, and I think it was also an 
issue in previous calls, and I always thought it was my phone. So if you could, and I'm surprised 
your conference call moderator did not point it out. My question is just one. I mean I think the 
business is doing fantastic, happy shareholders. If you look at opportunities, would it -- in 
addition to what you're already doing, would it be any new geography, a new product line or 
more through acquisitions? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Another great question. We can give you a very sort of direct answer on this. All possibilities 
are right, right now. I've already answered the question on new geographies, how we think of 
our growth is taking the existing products to the new geography if we can sign the contracts with 
the vendors. So that's one very strong thing that how do you get into the geography. -- There are 
many geos which are opening up now as we speak and we will be focused on thinking about 
expanding our footprint in those geographies, whether it is Southeast Asia, it is more countries 
in Africa, it is more countries in Middle East, it is more countries in Eastern Europe, those kind 
of places we are very-very focused on and I think we will continue to assess, evaluate our 
presence in those countries. That's one. 
The second thing is more products, literally yes, and that's partly driven by us, but partly also 
driven by the way the vendors are launching new products. If there is a new product which comes 
up, we will be more focused. But I think, the way you think of us, and we've said this in some 
of our earlier calls, and this is very sort of important thing for us. 
We've got three pivots in our company. And everything that we do is in relation to those three 
pivots. The first pivot is technology. Whatever is the latest and the most recent and the best 
technology which matters to our customers, we will be focused on making sure that is brought 
here in the most rapid manner. Number one. 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
The second pivot of our organization is innovation. Wherever and whatever innovations are 
required in either products, solutions and services or in operating and business models, we will 
be at the forefront of that and if you see us, Over the course of last three quarters, you would 
have seen a very intense focus from us on shifting our business model from being a only brick-
and-mortar provider, to becoming a much more omni-channel provider for products, solutions 
and services, from being a only completely capex-driven model to much more as a service 
operating expense model. The one that we resonate with this is the cloud portal that we launched, 
which allows us to build a very strong base of annuity in our business. So that's the second pivot, 
technology, innovation. 
And the third pivot for us is partnerships. Whatever we can do in terms of partnerships with our 
vendors, bringing more brands into our customers' hands, bringing more solutions into the hands 
of a customer so that customer is going to become that much more efficient or working with 
creating enablement for our Tier 2 and Tier 3 partners, so that technology reaches its intended 
use faster than ever before. And when you do that, you bring innovation to the customers faster, 
you eliminate friction in technology.  
That's what we stand for. We stand for bringing innovation to the customers faster than ever 
before, to reduce or limit the friction that people have in technology consumption, and that's 
what we are. So your question, All of this allows us to play in new geographies. Obviously, we 
do, expansion of products, absolutely certain. And this means that we need to complete the 
portfolio by acquiring like we did in Brightstar in Turkey last year, we will be absolutely agile 
and aware about that. 
Bhavin Shah: 
So just one related question as far as new geographies are concerned. It would have to be outside 
of any sort of sister companies any other geographies sister companies operate, right? Sister 
companies meaning ultimately there is Synnex Taiwan and so on. Ultimately there is same owner 
at some level. So that's what I meant. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Look, it's not a constraint by a sister company or a non-sister company because we don't have a 
sister company at all, and I don't relate to that terminology at all. So we don't have a sister 
company, we operate independently as an organization. Synnex is an investor in our company, 
but they're not a promoter in that sense. 
So I think you have to be thoughtful about those things. But we will go to the geographies that 
makes sense for us. And the way you choose geographies is on the basis of the potential 
opportunity or the gaps in that market. So if I go to -- let me give you an example. If I go to 
Indonesia, now my choice would be should I enter with PC, should I enter with servers, should 
I enter with storage. 
And that depends upon a careful analysis of the gap that exists in the Indonesian market. And 
where we can make a quick win to establish ourselves. So I need to make different considerations 
on how and why, what takes you into a geography or takes you into a country versus anything 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
else. So I think we are more focused on ensuring that we have a meaningful value to add and we 
can capture the value that we think we can add. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today which is from the line 
of Nisarg Vakharia from Revanta Fund Management. Please go ahead. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Yes. I have a slightly broader question. If I look at your financials there's not a single year where 
the company has not grown its revenues. If you look at the financials over the last four to five 
years, there is not too much significant difference in mix in your customers in the presentation 
that you mentioned. We've attributed the rise in EBITDA margins because of a premium 
customer like Apple, then Apple changed its strategy, go-to-market strategy. Despite all of that, 
the EBITDA margins are 100 basis points higher than what they have been historically over the 
last seven, eight, nine years. 
Now on INR 60,000 crores top line that makes a significant change in our financials. Just wanted 
to understand, is that now all the COVID one-offs have gone away, cycles have normalized, is 
this now the new sustainable EBITDA margin trend? I'm not specifically referring to 2.8%, but 
historically we have bottomed out at 1.8%, 1.9%. So is the bottom now higher from that level is 
my simple question? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes, I can give you some color, I'm sure Krishnan can add to it. I think the point is extremely, 
extremely rich and valid. I do think that the bottoms of earlier times before COVID, you 
probably were there at that point in time. I don't think we hit a bottom like that, but obviously, 
we will hit a number that will be different from what we have today also. 
So, but the wider -- broader point on this topic for all of us, if there's any sort of recovery is the 
margins are a function of many other things. Okay. While a business mix in terms of product 
profiles may have been consistent, but there is a significant shift within each of those categories. 
There is a shift in a product portfolio in value. We shift from products to cloud to services. 
There is a shift in our product portfolio in the PC and access product side. PC, printers, and the 
supplies and consumables that we sell better. In the mobility, we sell largely mobility earlier. 
Now we sell mobility and a whole range of accessories along with the mobility, which come 
with a different product profile. 
We never had a solar product portfolio, we have a solar portfolio. We had very less limited 
smaller ProConnect portfolio in logistics, it continues to be small, but it's getting bigger all the 
time. So I think the mix situation is going to be different just because you operate in a very 
different product concept or product portfolio environment. So I think that's how we see 
ourselves. Will it go back to the old times? I don't think so. And we will be somewhere in the 
zone. So Krishnan, you want to add more to it? 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Sorry. Just to interrupt, that's very helpful. If I could just follow-up on that. You said that the 
product categories have changed which is contributing to higher EBITDA margins. These 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
product categories are essentially product categories that is a market share gain that we have 
acquired from other distributors or these are new product categories that the OEMs have 
launched themselves? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Combination. The OEMs  will keep launching all the new product categories. So we have to 
keep going and doing something new in the market, acquire new product categories. And so it's 
a combination of the two. 
SV Krishnan: 
I think Rajiv you've answered it. I mean only point that if I can supplement see, definitely as we 
speak now, the EBITDA margins can even be better. The EBITDA margins which you see today 
is after the investments that we're making for the future, for which the returns will flow in the 
future years, future quarters. That's the reason why we have taken this period as a period of 
investment of building the capability, and which in our view is going to start giving us results 
even in terms of better margins and other factors. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
So when you say better margins, by what percentage or what is the -- 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Krishnan and the team -- I just got to -- I'm so late for my other call. So apologies, I'll excuse 
myself, okay? 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Yes, just to press upon this point what is… 
SV Krishnan: 
Yes. I will answer that. See, if you look at traditional operating margin it used to be about 2.2%, 
2.3%. That's a sustainable margin percentage in the traditional sense, which had moved closer 
to 3% now. And what we think as we move forward, this should settle in between. So if I need 
to put a number about 2.5% 2.6%, this is where some of these investments in our view will start 
giving us the additional margin, but it will take time, because these investments are going to, I 
mean, be more, it'll have more gestation period, but definitely we are at it, and we will make 
sure the margins are better as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as this was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
SV Krishnan: 
So since Rajiv has left, I think we have had an excellent quarter in Q2 and that continues to be 
excellent when compared to what the growth that we have had in the previous period. There are 
certain challenges that are coming in the ecosystem, which we are very watchful and we will 
make sure that, we do our best like what we have done in the past. And I'm sure things will work 
out well and the investments that we are making will start giving us traction in the future 
quarters. 
Extremely thankful for your continuous support. If there are any questions, which you couldn't 
ask in this call, maybe we can connect later separately and we will be happy to address your 
queries. Thank you. 

 
 
 Redington Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Redington Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
