 
 
 
 
 
07.11.2022 
   
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
  
To, 
The Manager,   
 
 
 
  
The  Manager,  
 
Listing Department,                                                    
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
  
BSE Limited, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block – G,                               
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,                                               
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai – 400 051                                 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Ph. No. 022-26598100                                                
Ph. No.022 22721233 
Scrip Code : GEOJITFSL - EQ                                        
Scrip Code : 532285  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meetings 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Analyst/Institutional Investors conference call held on 
Wednesday, November 02, 2022 at 04.00 PM. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Liju K Johnson 
Company Secretary 
 
 
LIJU 
KAITHERATH
U JOHNSON
Digitally signed by 
LIJU KAITHERATHU 
JOHNSON 
Date: 2022.11.07 
14:16:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
“Geojit Financial Services Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 2, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT MR. C.J. GEORGE -- MANAGING DIRECTOR, GEOJIT 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. SATISH MENON – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GEOJIT 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. JONES GEORGE -- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GEOJIT 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MS. MINI NAIR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, GEOJIT 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. LIJU JOHNSON -- COMPANY SECRETARY, GEOJIT 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
November 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Geojit Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Satish Menon – Executive Director. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Satish Menon: 
Thank you, Michelle, and a very warm good evening to everyone, and welcome to this Geojit 
Financial Services Quarter 2 Investment Call. In this call, we have Mr. C.J. George, Managing 
Director; myself, Executive Director; Jones George, Executive Director; and Ms. Mini Nair, 
CFO of the company; and Liju Johnson, Company Secretary. Before we open into Q&A, I'll just 
take you through the broad numbers of quarter 2, then we can open for Q&A. 
In terms of total income for the quarter 2 September ended FY '22-'23, we have done Rs. 112.2 
crore, which is 10% higher than the June quarter and 12% lower than the same quarter last year. 
In terms of total expenses, it is at Rs. 81.08 crore, which is 10% higher than the June quarter and 
9% higher from the same quarter last year. 
In terms of distribution of revenue, brokerage and brokerage-related activities, the revenue was 
Rs. 75.42 crore, which is 8% up from the June quarter and 16% down from the previous year. 
In terms of revenue from the financial product distribution, we have done Rs. 23.22 crore, which 
is 23% up from the June quarter and 18% up from the previous year. 
Financial product distribution is split into 2 portions primarily: Mutual fund, which is Rs. 17.95 
crore, up 11% and 18%; and insurance income of Rs. 4.66 crore, which is up 129% from the 
June quarter and 32% from the previous year. Profit after tax of Rs. 24.23 crore, which is 10% 
up from the June quarter and a degrowth of 40% from the same period last year. 
In terms of new clients, we added 23,871 clients, that is 17% up from the June quarter and 19% 
up from the same period last year. Over the last 12 months, we have opened 29 new offices, 
primarily in the state of Kerala and some in Tamil Nadu. 
Split of brokerage, cash market brokerage is 76% and the futures and options brokerage is 24% 
of total brokerage. Yield on the cash side has remained healthily steady at 0.16 percentage. 
Delivery brokerage, which is the main strength area of Geojit, contributes 70% of the total 
brokerage. 
In terms of mutual fund clients, the holding clients, we have 2,31,694 clients, which is up 6% 
Y-on-Y. We had a net inflow of Rs. 151 crore in mutual fund last quarter, and an AUM of Rs. 
8,171 crore in mutual fund, which is up 8% year-on-year and 13% quarter-on-quarter. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
November 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
This is the opening remarks. Michelle, now we can open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Varun Bang from Bryanston Investments. Please go ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
Sir, the first question is on Geojit Technologies, where we have 65% stake. Sir, what is the 
opportunity you see there outside what is there for Geojit Financial? And do you have plans to 
buy out the entire stake from BNP? And how do you think we are placed there given the business 
from BNP is almost 0 now? 
C. J. George: 
I'm C.J. George here, I will take this question. It is true that most of the business of Geojit 
Technologies is now coming from Geojit Financial Services. We are on the lookout for 
expanding this business outside Geojit. It's also true that the BNP Paribas business, that is the 
business where we used to export software to the European units of BNP Paribas has now 
stopped. 
With regard to your question on whether we are planning to buy back the stake from BNP 
Paribas, I can only say that as and when BNP Paribas approaches us, we will take a view 
depending on the valuation and depending on the opportunities. So, we will be open to the idea 
of acquiring that stake as and when they're ready to offer us. 
Varun Bang: 
Meanwhile, how do you think the liquid investment in the company will be utilized? 
C. J. George: 
Satish, you could take that question. 
Satish Menon: 
I will give it to CFO to say how the liquid investment as of today of Geojit Technologies are 
invested. 
Varun Bang: 
No. I'm saying strategically, how do you look to utilize those investments? 
Mini Nair: 
Sorry. The liquid investments of Geojit Technologies, actually, we have invested them in fixed 
deposits of banks as of now. 
C. J. George: 
And we have the capability to access those funds as and when required for even the requirements 
of GFSL as well. So, as and when there were requirements in the past, we could get access to 
these funds as we have taken appropriate approvals from the AGM and Board, etcetera. 
Varun Bang: 
And sir, from next 3 to 5 years perspective, what is your opinion on condition that we earn on 
distribution of mutual funds? So, at overall level, is it sustainable at current levels of around 90 
basis points or do you think if there is restructuring, it can go down? What is your overall sense 
based on the discussions that you have with the mutual funds? 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
November 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
Satish Menon: 
As of now, I don't see any discussion which is happening, which will contemplate a reduction in 
the yield. So, we are not foreseeing any reduction in the yield as of now. So, our yield has been 
around 0.85 percentage, 0.86 percentage for some years now after the restructuring, which 
happened in the AMC scenario, when everybody moved to trail income. 
Varun Bang: 
Correct. So, this is more or less sustainable from a 3 to 5 years perspective, is what we can say? 
Satish Menon: 
As of now, we have no reasons to believe otherwise. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Saji John, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Saji John: 
Sir, my question pertains to the initiatives that we have taken on the STEPS. And could you 
please throw some light in the outlook, what are action plans regarding this? And also, can you 
please provide the status of Geojit IFSC opened in Gujarat GIFT City? 
C.J. George: 
I will take this question. With regard to STEPS, this is a financial planning platform. We have 
ambitious plans with regard to this business, but we need to be reminded of the fact that this is 
a long-term business. This is unlikely to grow into a big business in the immediate future because 
it is a fee-based business where we collect only fee and no brokerages, no commissions, so you 
know how the industry is. 
So, we have currently 5 offices. From 5 offices, qualified financial planners have started giving 
investment advisory service to clients. We prepare financial plans for them. I can only tell you 
that all those clients who were with us in the first year, almost 100% of the customers have 
renewed the service for the second year. Because of the branch opening also, we are seeing 
growth and traction. 
We have not invested. This is largely being developed as an off-line business. Due to 2 
consecutive years of COVID lockdown, we were unable to basically do significant marketing 
activity for this particular vertical. But we are going ahead, we are having ambitious plans, and 
we are very confident about the growth of this business. 
And sorry, you had another question? 
Saji John: 
Yes, sir. My question regarding the Geojit IFSC open in Gujarat GIFT City. 
C.J. George: 
So, this is a new initiative. We are in the process of getting licenses. We've got 1 license, we are 
looking for the other licenses. We wanted to basically use this platform for the NRI clients to 
begin with. And then, of course, wherever it is possible to do business through LRS routes. And 
subject to the permissions and approvals, we wanted to make use of this opportunity for our 
customers. This is the first step that we are planning. We have people in place at the moment. 
And in another 15 days' time, we are hopeful of starting operations there. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
November 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Sir, just for comparison sake, Angel One is adding, say, 13 lakh customers per quarter. ICICI 
Securities is adding 4.5 lakh new customers per quarter, and we are around 20,000. So, what is 
our plan to take this 20,000 to 1 lakh, 2 lakh, 3 lakh or 5 lakh using technology? And do we have 
these plans? 
C.J. George: 
Pranav, I will answer one part of this question. Number one, we are still not in the space of 
discount broking. So, we have one limitation with regard to attracting customers using the 
discount broking model. But at the same time, I can very well say that these customers who we 
are acquiring currently, these are in the same segment of customers that we have been acquiring 
in the past also where customer relationship continues for years and years. 
And then if you look at the yield from these customers, the yield also is significantly high 
compared to the industry. I agree with the observation that we are unable to basically acquire 
customers the way at which some of the discount broker competitors as well as the bank broker 
competitions are doing. Bank broking space has a different advantage. It's not a level playing 
ground. 
And also, I would like to mention that most of these clients that we acquire are also through our 
branch network. These are long-term relationships, and there the revenue per customer as well 
as the relationship longevity, if we consider, these are all much higher compared to the industry 
standards. This is what I could say at the moment. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Right. Sir, because our yield, as a result of competition, is coming down only. So, if it is going 
to go down, we might as well participate in that because that is going to provide a funnel for 
cross-selling other products. So, I mean how to evaluate the 2 opportunities? Because on one 
way, there is a large portion of Indian youth which will access all the services, and that you 
probably will go to discount brokerages and that is also a funnel for further cross-selling. 
So, can we afford to miss that opportunity? Like, can technology make those discount brokerages 
customers also profitable? So, this is my question, how to make that strategic choice? 
C.J. George: 
I probably beg to differ with you on 1 thing, that is this space of discount broking is currently 
occupied by 1 to 3 large players. And the fourth, fifth, et cetera, getting into that space, for 
example, if you would tried to get into this, it would rather cannibalize our existing business, 
whereas we have cross-selling based on the relationships. We sell insurance to our same 
customers. We sell mutual funds to our customers. We sell PMS to our customers. So, our 
intention is basically to have all the products sold to the families of the customers whom we 
service. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
November 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
So, there is an opportunity, I agree with you, but that opportunity is today no longer there for in 
the sense, any number of players as far as discount broking is concerned. This is our observation 
on this. 
We wanted to be in the business of creating wealth for our customers. For us, a transaction is 
only a means to an end. Transaction itself is not an end for our strategy. We consider trade and 
transaction, et cetera, are only means to an end, and the end is finally creating wealth for our 
customers. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Anil, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Anil: 
I have a question regarding is there any possibility that the brokerage rates will eventually raise 
from the current level for the industry as a whole? If so, how long it will take? If not, what would 
be our priorities and strategies to counter these new age players? 
C.J. George: 
I will take this question. Even today, if we take the yield, particularly the delivery yield, that is 
the significant part of our business. The delivery yield, even with this competition, continues to 
be steady. This is the observation that Satish made in the beginning itself. So, we have also seen, 
for some of our products, brokerage rates going up. I cannot make any observation with regard 
to industry. 
From our experience, what we have seen is, if we have a product or if we have a service that is 
convincingly in a position to create wealth for the customers, customers are willing to pay for it. 
So, we have tried 1 or 2 products and we have increased the brokerage rates on these, so people 
willingly paying the brokerage rate. 
So, what is important is, what is the value our intermediary is adding to a customer? If there is 
no value, then they will go to discount brokerage. If there is a value which is convincing and 
tangible, they won't mind paying a higher brokerage. This is my observation on this larger 
question. 
Satish Menon: 
Also, our yields are one of the highest in the industry, and primarily because the mix of the 
clients and the mix of the trading volumes they have. In our case, 76% of our brokerage income 
comes in the cash market, of which 90%, which means of the total brokerage, 70% of the 
brokerage comes from the delivery business. So, we are more looking at into the delivery 
business, which is, like Mr. George said, towards long-term wealth creation. 
Anil: 
My next question is in terms of growth through digitization. What are the key initiatives and 
strategies to compete with a new age firm? And what are the desired outcomes you may hope to 
achieve in short to medium term? 
Satish Menon: 
I will hand over this to Mr. Jones George. He will answer this question. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
November 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
Jones George: 
What I meant to say is that we have launched Smartfolios, which is a new line of products, again, 
largely focused on the investor set of clients. We have already built an AUM of around Rs. 265 
crore. Alongside, we have also just revamped and relaunched a new mutual fund transaction 
platform, both on Android and iOS, called FundsGenie. 
In the coming months, we will be doing a complete overhaul of our other trading platforms as 
well as our Customer 360 platform called MyGeojit. So, in the next 1 year, there is a vision that 
we have set in which there will be a lot of new releases as well as new offerings in terms of 
Smartfolios. 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from the line of Varun Bang from Bryanston Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
Sir, in your perspective, how important this branch addition is going to be from next few years’ 
perspective? And will our growth be linked branch expansion or with digitization we can grow 
business even without opening new branches? 
C.J. George: 
These are 2 different verticals the way we look at it. So, branch capability is basically for 
building relationships that is enabling us in cross-selling. So, what we have seen is the nearer 
we are to the customers, the deeper the relationship is. And we are able to sell new products to 
those customers, of course, if the products are good. And then our yield is also relatively better. 
So, these offices, which we opened recently, 29 offices, these are not offices in cities and major 
towns. These are offices in semi-urban areas, in rural Tamil Nadu and rural Kerala where we are 
seeing an opportunity in terms of developing new clients, developing and introducing investment 
platforms to people who have not invested in the past. So, there is a particular opportunity that 
we are seeing. These are small offices we are using for deep penetration in helping the clients to 
create long-time wealth. So, this is the whole idea. 
So, I'm not saying that branch expansion is the only way to get a new client, but branch 
expansion, from our experience, has helped us in cross-selling. Even if you look at the numbers 
that we have, although it is not necessarily very large, these cross-selling numbers that we are 
showing, these are numbers that come out of opportunities that we received from relationships. 
Varun Bang: 
So, again, what is the potential business that our distribution arm can do because of the 
relationship that we have? So, distribution business, where we have around Rs. 80 crore of run 
rate, FY '22, can it become Rs. 250 crore to Rs. 300 crore in the next couple of years? 
C.J. George: 
I'm not saying 2 years, maybe 3 years, 4 years. We are of the view that we should grow this 
business aggressively. So, we are aggressively growing our SIP book and the mutual fund 
distribution book. And this is also, in a way, helping our customers, particularly the new 
customers. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
November 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
So, the target that you are talking about, around that figure is what we have internally fixed, but 
this will not be done in 2 years' time. Maybe 3 to 4 years' time. 
Varun Bang: 
And sir, we have a lot of surplus cash on the balance sheet and our share price seems to be highly 
undervalued. So, are we internally contemplating any buyback opportunity at this point in time? 
C.J. George: 
See, I don't know whether you noticed at moment, our margin trading book is also going up. So, 
we are currently utilizing a significant part of our liquidity for margin trading purpose, number 
one. Number two, because of this new margining rules, et cetera, there is capital that is needed 
currently in the business. So, this balance sheet is helping us to grow in terms of protecting the 
current level of business as well as for the growth in business. We are of the view that this margin 
trading book can possibly grow decently in the coming years. 
Moderator: 
Do you have any further questions, Mr. Bang? 
Varun Bang: 
I will come back in the queue. 
Satish Menon: 
If there are no further questions, close it? 
C.J. George: 
Yes. We can then conclude, Satish, if there are no more questions. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Satish Menon for closing comments. 
Satish Menon: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining this call. If you have any further questions, you can contact the 
company secretary, and we'll be happy to answer them. Thank you very much. Have a nice day. 
C.J. George: 
Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Geojit Financial Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
