 
 
PCASL/46/2022-23 
Date: 08.11.2022 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To,  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 
        BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E),  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051                                    
 
 
SCRIPT CODE: 543527                  
NSE EQUITY SYMBOL: PRUDENT 
 
ISIN: INE00F201020 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter ended 30th 
September, 2022. 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation No. PCASL/41/2022-23 dated October 19, 2022 and 
in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
with investors and analysts held on Wednesday, 2nd November, 2022 at 11.00 am (IST) in 
respect of the Un-audited Financial Results for the Quarter ended 30th September, 2022.  
 
The 
same 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
www.prudentcorporate.com 
Please take the same into your records and do the needful. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
 
For, Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Dhaval Ghetia 
Company Secretary 
Tele No: 079-40209600 
Email: cs@prudentcorporate.com 
 
Encl: A/a 
Digitally signed by Ghetia Dhavalkumar 
Pareshbhai
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=0475, OID.2.5.4.65
=7a1a28de95344d0782ac8de09de8b5ec, 
Phone=
e88678d294e49fc0fb7bbed4775ad6ba60ed0
322bd318f075ae7cf83eb559d36, PostalCode
=362215, S=Gujarat, SERIALNUMBER=
f6822c8cd227c1e610c90c3125b11d740cf2d8
430566b7038bb367af54f6b3dd, CN=Ghetia 
Dhavalkumar Pareshbhai
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2022.11.08 16:49:31+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 12.0.0
Ghetia 
Dhavalkum
ar 
Pareshbhai

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
"Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited  
Q2 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call" 
 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJAY SHAH – CHAIRMAN & MD, PRUDENT CORPORATE 
ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. SHIRISH PATEL – CEO & WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, PRUDENT 
CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. CHIRAG SHAH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, PRUDENT 
CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. CHIRAG KOTHARI – CFO, PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY 
SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. PARTH PAREKH – INVESTOR RELATIONS, PRUDENT CORPORATE 
ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. ROHAN MANDORA – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Prudent Corporate Advisory Services 
Limited 2Q FY23 Results Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and you can ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing '*' and then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Mandora from Equirus. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Rohan. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Q2 FY23 Earnings Call of Prudent 
Corporate Advisory Services Limited to discuss the quarterly performance. To address queries, 
we have with us from the management Mr. Sanjay Shah – Chairman and MD. Mr. Shirish Patel 
– CEO and Whole-Time Director, Mr. Chirag Shah – Whole-Time director. Mr. Chirag Kothari 
– CFO, and Mr. Parth Parekh – Investor Relations. We will begin with a brief management 
commentary followed by questions and answers. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sanjay Shah. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you, Rohan.. First, let me welcome everybody to the earning call of Prudent Corporate 
Advisory Services Limited for the second quarter of fiscal 2023.  
This quarter has been really special for us because we crossed the landmark of 50,000 crores of 
assets under management which has been historical for us. Also, as per AMFI ranking, based on 
commission earned, we improved our position by one notch in ranking, and we've become the 
second largest non-banking mutual distributor in the country. All the efforts which we would 
have put in for the business have been reflected in last quarter's numbers wherein we recorded 
the highest revenue and highest profit in our existence. I hope you all will have the presentation 
copy handy with you, which was uploaded on the exchange yesterday. So probably in the 
discussions, I'll be giving references to the various slides of the presentation.  
I'll request you move to slide #35.. So, if you look at slide #35, it's a slide that talks about our 
closing AUM. So, as you all are aware, Prudent being a prominent player in the mutual 
distribution, asset under management is a very significant number for us. Our closing AUM in 
the last quarter has increased 35% year-on-year to 52,770 crores. On a quarterly average basis, 
our AUM has grown by 41% on a year-on-year basis to 51,600 crores. And as you see in this 
slide, in fiscal '23, we are currently running at an average AUM, which is almost 30% higher 
than FY22 numbers, so FY23 is expected to remain very robust in terms of top-line & bottom-
line growth.  
Slide #36 talks about the variables which has helped move the equity AUM on a year-on-year 
basis as well as on a sequential basis. Our growth is comprised of two important parameters. 
One is the new business we bring from our investors through our channel partners and the second 
being mark-to-market gains. So, these are two important parameters.  
Equity AUM has grown by 41% year-on-year led by healthy growth in net sales & acquisition 
of Karvy.  

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
.  
On a sequential basis, our equity AUM has grown by 14%, with a substantial movement being 
led by mark-to-market as far as last quarter is concerned.  
However, on a training 12 months basis, if you look at the mark to market, it has been very 
muted, only 3%. So, one of the major parameters of our AUM growth on a trailing 12-month 
basis has been slightly subdued.  
Net equity sales of the first half are almost 2,735 crores, and we are in line with our guidance to 
achieve net sales of 5,000 crores. Rather we are of the view that if you simply annualize this, we 
probably will be in a position to surpass our target of 5,000 crores of net sales. 
Now request you all to turn to page #37; I would like to point out that despite all the noise around 
fintechs, our markets share in Equity AUM ex-ETF, normally we do not track ETF because if 
you look at ETF is mainly the segment which is looked at by the institutional investors and we 
strongly represent India's retail investor segment. So, if you look at our Equity AUM, ex-ETF, 
our market share has improved to 2.4% from 1.9% a year ago. Our equity mix has also improved 
significantly by 3.4 percentage points on a year-on-year basis to 94.1%.  
Another important parameter if you look at our business is the SIP. And our monthly SIP flow 
for September month was very strong at 456 crores when we compared to 307 crores a year ago. 
So, almost close to 50% growth has come on our SIP book, which is a very strong pillar for us. 
So given the strong traction on SIP, we expect our gross flow from SIP to be close to 5,200 cores 
in FY23.  The collection from SIPs will be around 13% of FY23 opening AUM, which is 
providing us very strong visibility of the organic growth. 
 The SIP mobilized during the quarter was at a historical high of around 1,324 crores in the last 
quarter. Every second rupee we collected through gross flows., came from SIP. So, 50% gross 
flow contribution has been from the SIP, representing our AUM's granularity. 
Slide #38, emphasizes our emerging segment insurance, which formed around 9.5% of our total 
revenue for this quarter. This vertical has been growing at a faster pace year-on-year. Two-thirds 
of the revenue from this vertical comes from Life Insurance and the balance comes from General 
Insurance. Our POSP network is also becoming stronger day by day, and at the end of 
September, we had 6,992 POSP working with us and we are strongly relying on this channel to 
bring scale to this insurance business. 
Slide #39; talks about our consolidated number. Our revenue has grown by almost 40% year-
on-year, led by strong growth in AUM and a change in mix towards higher yield equity AUM. 
Operating profit growth was 58%, higher than the revenue growth led by operating leverage. 
Our operating margin expanded by 3.22% or 322 basis points to 27.2%. Our profit after tax grew 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
slightly slower than operating profit growth at 41%, mainly led by higher depreciations and 
lower income. 
As you all know, last year, we paid 151 crores for acquiring Karvy assets, and the 151 crores we 
paid are required to be amortized for ten years equally. So, the 15 crores will come as a 
depreciation every year. So, two impacts come because of this- One is the treasury available 
with the company has been utilized for acquiring Karvy, so there is a dip in other income.. And 
second, there is significantly higher provisioning on the depreciation side because of the 
amortization of Karvy assets. So, depreciation increased by three times, led by the amortization 
of Karvy assets, which we acquired in November '21. 
Our annualized return on equity in the first half stood at 33.5%, which is very healthy. Another 
important parameter we want to highlight is the cash flow from operations. Cash flow from 
operations generated during the first half is almost 43 crores. We urge analyst to track our cash 
flow from operations because whatever we paid for acquiring Karvy will be amortized over a 
period of next ten years. But 15 crores is going to be additional cash which is available to us 
every year. So that's the important parameter. This is basically about the consolidated financials.  
In this process, I just wanted to highlight one point as a company that regularly generates 
significant cash, we are always looking for inorganic growth and in pursuit of our growth we 
acquired Karvy Mutual Fund assets aggregating to 8,100 crores in November '21. We also made 
another strategic acquisition in July. The company signed a term sheet on July 27 to acquire the 
mutual fund AUM of iFast Financial India Private Limited. Till last month, we got 
approximately 500 crores through this acquisition and based on the term sheet, we assume that 
we might be required to pay 2.65 crores for this acquisition. Already 1.63 crores have been paid 
by us in advance. If you look at the cost we paid, it's hardly half a per cent, so it's a very good 
acquisition for us.. Even though the amount is very small, it will add a large number of retail 
IFAs and retail assets. So, this is broadly about the numbers.  
Before I open the question-answer session, I would like to briefly touch upon the growth outlook. 
There are four main growth drivers for us. 
 So, #1 would be the continuous addition of mutual fund distributors. As you know, we are a 
unique B2B2C platform in the country. As a business strategy, we are focusing aggressively on 
adding more and more mutual distributors who are the backbone of our business. As on March 
31, we have 20.4% of the country's MFDs associated with us. So that shows how strongly mutual 
distributors are reposing trust in us. In the first half of '23, we added around 2,600 new MFDs. 
There is an increasing need for mutual fund distributors to collaborate with a tech-based platform 
to service their clients, and we are capitalizing on this opportunity. As more and more MFDs 
join the industry, we expect the incremental benefit to accrue to our company. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Looking at the 2,600 people being added in the last six months, we believe that we could add a 
total of about 5,000 distributors to our kitty in the full year. 
  #2 of our growth drivers would be cross-selling other products using our strong network of 
mutual fund distributors. So, as you are aware, we are moving from a single-product distributor 
to a multi-product distributor. Our multi-product distribution platform has helped us to capitalize 
on our vast MFD network. Our multi-product platform has also acted as a great value proposition 
for our mutual fund distributors to join us. So far company has converted 6,992 existing mutual 
fund distributors or their family members as a point of sales persons who can also sell insurance 
products apart from other financial products. In this quarter, insurance revenue formed 9.5% of 
our total revenue. 
Now third would be building a strong SIP book by encouraging and educating our mutual fund 
distributors to build granular flows. So, as I said, ours is a unique B2B2C positioned retail wealth 
management company, which has helped us build our granular flows through SIP. Our monthly 
SIP flow for September was 456 crores. As I said, every second rupee of our gross equity flow 
came through SIP. Given the strong traction of SIP, we expect the gross flow from SIPs for the 
full year to be 5,200 crores, which is almost 13% of our opening AUM. So, SIP is strong organic 
growth driver.  
And, finally, the cash we regularly generate in the business & effective utilization of cash for 
inorganic growth opportunities. We will always be ready to look at and explore the possibilities 
for inorganic acquisitions.  
These are broadly about our levers which will help us to maintain our growth momentum going 
forward. Now I'll open the Q&A, so the moderator kindly opens the floor for the questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first question on the line of 
Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Few questions from my side. You mentioned SIP being a core to your strategy for future growth. 
Could you give us more details as to what has been the average ticket size for your book and 
what was the average ticket size for Karvy's book, and how has this been shaping up in the last 
12 months? Whether the ticket sizes are increasing or declining, how's the trend there? That 
would be my first question. 
Sanjay Shah: 
If you look at currently, when I'm talking about the SIP book of 456 crores, we have almost close 
to 17,80,000 live running SIPs. The average is close to about Rs. 2,600-2,700 which we have, 
and gradually we have been able to increase our average SIP size in the last couple of years. The 
new SIP flows is coming at a higher average than the book. Karvy last year, when we acquired, 
we had about 3-3.5 lakh SIPs of Karvy. Of which, almost about 1,63,000 SIPs have been 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
transferred to us, and the rest were discontinued during the process. So, there are two sets of 
SIPs in case of Karvy. One were direct SIPs with AMC, and another set where the mandate was 
in favour of Karvy. The mandate which was in favour of Karvy cannot be transferred. So that 
has not been transferred. But close to 1,60,000 SIP has been transferred in our code.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Is Karvy's average ticket size similar to what we have today? 
Sanjay Shah: 
The average ticket price is more or less similar. I don't have the exact number as of now.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Just trying to understand this more. When you say that only the direct SIPs have been transferred 
to you, would you earn anything on it?  
Sanjay Shah: 
When I'm saying directly, you can start the SIP by giving your mandate in favour of AMC, 
wherein you will give money directly to the AMC in the regular plan. The second mode is that 
you issue a NACH mandate in favor of a platform like FundzBazar. Karvy also had its own 
platform. You issue a NACH mandate in favour of Karvy, and Karvy collects money through 
the payment gateway and gives it to the RTA. So, the second portion, which I am saying is where 
the mandate is in favour of Karvy, has not been transferred to us because, technically, it cannot 
happen.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Secondly, do you think that of late, in the last three months, there has been increased pressure 
on redemptions?  
Shirish Patel: 
We have not seen any redemption pressure in our system in the last three months. Of course, we 
can say that the number of gross flows, the fresh money ex-SIP, has come down a little bit. At 
the same time, the redemption pressure has come down. If you look at our net sales number in 
this quarter when you compare it with the same quarter previous year, it is almost similar rather 
it is a little higher. In our system, we do not see redemption pressure. Rather we have always 
seen that when the market goes up continuously, you might see redemption pressure. I think let 
us say after a dull period of about two years, the market goes up that time historically, we have 
seen some redemption pressure, but otherwise, if there is a short-term correction in the market, 
people probably wait for the money to be recovered and then they redeem. So frankly, the 
redemption pressure is very less in the last quarter. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Another question is about your life insurance book. What kind of product mix will you have in 
terms of protection, savings products and within that non-par and par? 
Shirish Patel: 
Our major business is happening on the non-par products. Non-par products contribute the most, 
followed by term plans and followed by the par plans. ULIP business is zero. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Neha Sharma from Pearl Global Investment.  
Neha Sharma: 
Can you please give some guidance on the yields going forward?  

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Sanjay Shah: 
We believe that in the near term, we'll be able to maintain the current yield we have, mainly 
because if you look at last year, the Karvy assets which we acquired. I'm not giving you the exact 
number. If you look at it hypothetically, our current yield is in the range of 1%, while the Karvy 
assets which we acquired are in the range of 65 basis points. Historically we have seen that the 
average life of an asset is in the range of 3 to 3.5 years. Suppose you assume that your assets 
will get repriced every three years, 3.5 years, we'll be able to reprice this at a higher yield than 
what Karvy used to have. There is a gap of about 35 basis points. So that might help us, that is 
number one. 
Number two is when we are talking about the yield. There are two parts. One is the current book 
of 53,000 crores, where the AMC already commits the yield, and we will continue to get the 
same earnings there. Incrementally, on new business there could be minor yield pressure. That 
pressure will come only if the money comes into a higher sized scheme AUM. As the scheme 
size increases gradually, our TER also reduces; as TER reduces, they will start transferring some 
kind of margin pressure to us. ,Let's say AUM of scheme moves from 25,000 crores to 30,000 
crores bucket, and their expense ratio goes down by, let's say, 3-4 basis points, they might 
pressure us to reduce our earnings by 1 or 2 basis points.  
First, we will ensure that it doesn't transfer to us. But if that is transferred to us significant part 
of that also can be transferred by us to our distributors.. So more or less, some pressure might 
come gradually, but that will not be very significantly visible. So overall, there are two parts. 
One is incremental pressure, if at all it comes, would be very less, and the second we might have 
the support of Karvy assets being repriced over time, which will help us. We believe the next 
two years' significant visibility of margin pressure is not there.  
Neha Sharma: 
One more question. I just want to understand whether our market share would come down at the 
cost of yields or any other strategy you would protect for a yield at the current rate. 
Sanjay Shah: 
We track our market share in the equity AUM rather than the total AUM because we do not 
represent significantly debt side of the industry. Looking at our current asset mix, we have 94.1% 
of assets coming from equity assets, like your equity funds, balance advantage funds, hybrid 
funds, or FOF.. We look at our market share in equity segment ex-ETF. ETF is something in 
which we are not significantly present. In equity segment ex-ETF, I don't see there will be an 
impact on our market share, and we can demonstrate growth in our markets. If you look at my 
gross sales, 50% of the money comes through SIP, while in the industry, that number is only 
28%. I have a very steady flow of SIP which always helped me in the dull time to rather improve 
my market share. I believe gradually., we should be able to strengthen our position.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question line of Silky Jain from Canara Robeco. 
Silky Jain: 
My question pertains to the insurance business, so we saw that insurance is contributing almost 
10% of the overall revenues in this particular quarter. In your commentary, also you mentioned 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
that cross-selling would be a key point to look for in terms of growth. How are we viewing this 
particular segment? What potential can it reach in the next two years, and how are we looking 
at the overall margins in this particular segment?  
Shirish Patel:  
If you look at our life insurance or insurance business growth over three years, it almost 
contributed less than a percentage three years back and now it is almost 8.5%-9% of our total 
revenue. One is the size of the life insurance revenue or the business compared to the mutual 
fund business is small. That also contributes to the higher growth. But at the same time, we 
started focusing on insurance as a cross-selling product in our system in the last 3-4 years, which 
is helping us. We strongly believe that over some time, the growth of the life insurance or the 
insurance business in our system will be higher than the mutual fund business. Of course, the 
mutual fund business is growing at a healthy pace, but at the same time, the insurance business 
will grow faster. Today we are around 8.5%-9%. What we look at, definitely over a few years, 
it might cross a double-digit number. Another important figure I would like to highlight is that 
almost 6,900 POSP are registered in our system. If you look at the overlapping of these POSP 
with our existing ARN holders, it's hardly around 3,500-4,000. So out of our 25,000 ARNs or 
26,000 ARN holders, hardly 4,000 ARM holders are converted to POSP. If you look at the 
potential for us to cross-sell the insurance business in our existing system is huge. The fourth 
point is that the penetration of insurance, whether life insurance or health insurance, is very low 
in the country. Specifically, after Corona, I would say that the insurance business's acceptability 
has increased significantly. Also, we believe this will help us grow this particular business faster. 
Next few years, we will see very healthy growth in the insurance business.  
Silky Jain: 
In terms of cost, there would not be any incremental cost in terms because the same ARN holders 
would be doing this business. It would be a very much higher margin accretive segment as well. 
What could be the delta in terms of margin as well if we look at it from the incremental people 
coming and selling like we get a cross-sell opportunity? What could be the margin delta we will 
get from this segment? 
Shirish Patel:  
If you look at currently, we are leveraging the existing set of distributors. Of course, to manage 
the insurance business, we have a dedicated team in housed in our subsidiary that is the Gennext.. 
To grow the business, we also might require to hire more and more people going forward in the 
Gennext as well. The second point is if you look at the contribution of POSP in the total 
insurance business is growing. Historically main business used to come from the team, our 
wealth team, or, you can say, online business. Incrementally, of course, more and more business 
is coming from the POSP side. From a margin point of view, we might not require to incur the 
corresponding cost as the revenue grows, but I think some kind of cost escalation could be there 
when we grow the business. The margin, in Gennext, probably might come down because, as I 
said that the POSP contribution is growing, but delta point of view, yes, if you look at the 
absolute premium or the kind of premium volume what we are doing there we see a significant 
growth even if you look at this particular quarter that is July to September quarter. In life 
insurance, we almost doubled the number compared to the first quarter, which is again the 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
highest in our history. I would say that is mainly and mainly contributed by more and more 
POSP contributing to the business. So, I think we are very gung-ho about this particular business. 
Silky Jain: 
Any challenges we see in this particular segment in terms of distribution, or we are much more 
confident, and we feel that this can create much more growth. We don't have a lead because, 
overall, many other players are also entering this particular segment. So how do we see that 
particular area?  
Shirish Patel: 
Of course, I think many players entered this particular space last 3-4 years. They are bigger, 
stronger and growing very fast. We don't want to go out and acquire the POSP. Rather we try to 
leverage our existing distributors in the mutual funds. So, we have sufficient growth available 
as I said, the numbers itself, I think 26,000 ARN holders that are also growing every year by 
5,000-6,000 and out of that only 4,000, we are able to convert into the POSP. We have a lot of 
cross-selling opportunities available here, so for at least the next 3-4 years, I think we are not 
worried that we need to go out right now.  
Silky Jain: 
Again, checking on this, so almost from this 9%-10%, does this segment has a potential to go 
to, say (+20%) kind of contribution to overall revenue? 
Shirish Patel: 
That depends on two parts. What will be the percentage growth in the insurance business and 
what will be the percentage growth in the mutual fund business. We are confident that the mutual 
fund business will grow very fast. I don't see the next 3-4 years, this will become 20%.. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Prakriti Banka from HSBC.  
Prakriti Banka: 
You have just mentioned that the yields on the Karvy book have been lower at around 65 bps. 
What is the reason for that? 
Sanjay Shah: 
If you look at all the Karvy assets are almost three years old or four years old. Before the industry 
moved to an all-trail model, the situation was that we used to earn higher upfront in the first year 
& then the trail was perpetual. I think most of the assets are of the old period, which is my 
understanding. I do not know exactly Karvy's pricing understanding which it had with AMC.  
Prakriti Banka: 
You're saying most of this book right now is probably the end of what we have seen is the typical 
lifecycle of an investor, and you will see this repricing happen quite quickly? 
Sanjay Shah: 
The average assets stay for about 3-3.5 years, and we see that 3-3.5 years getting completed. It 
may not happen in current year & get delayed by a year. But I believe these people will be 
addressed because what was happening in the last 2-2.5 years is that nobody serviced Karvy 
investors or Karvy's distributors. Now they are also becoming active in the business. They are 
meeting the customers. When you meet the customers, you might do the restructuring of the 
portfolio. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Prakriti Banka: 
When you talk about cross-selling, and you are engaging these POSPs etc. How does that work? 
A lot of MFD etc., are also getting these licenses to distribute insurance, or how is the cross-
selling happening? 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes, if you look at the requirement for distributing the insurance business is that they need to 
get the POSP license. Another requirement for these guys to get the POSP license is that they 
should not be registered with any insurance companies. These are the two main requirements. 
Now those distributors who are already doing the insurance business with someone, let us say 
LIC or any insurance companies, cannot become the POSP. They cannot take the POSP license 
because they are already registered with their insurance company. So, they take the POSP license 
in the family member’s name.  
The benefit that you are getting with Prudent is that they can distribute products of all the 
insurance companies because we are the insurance broker. They want to distribute the insurance 
product with Prudent because everything is available at one place. So, the biggest advantage that 
we offer to the agents who are already doing the insurance business, they can distribute only one 
product there, but when they work with Gennext under POSP, they can distribute all life 
insurance, all health insurance, and all products. So that is the biggest USP, and second, I would 
say, is the technology we offer, which could also be an interesting point for them. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Then the people registering with you as POSP is probably already in the family involved in the 
insurance business in some way which is it's a very different ballgame, right? I mean, will it 
otherwise involve quite a steep learning curve and how you use insurance versus how to sell 
mutual funds? 
Shirish Patel: 
I believe most of the mutual fund distributors in the industry have come from the insurance 
industry. Suppose you look at our data out of the 26,000 ARN holders, our gut feeling is that I 
think more than two-thirds of these distributors are historically doing the life insurance business 
or the insurance business. They have migrated to the mutual fund business additionally. So, the 
experience of dealing in insurance is already there within the family. Learning for this kind of 
person would not be difficult because they have been selling insurance for years. I think mutual 
funds might have started in the last 5-10 years, but insurance they might be dealing for the last 
15-20 years within the family. More than two-thirds of our distributors are historically selling 
insurance products. For them, it is not that difficult.  
Prakriti Banka: 
But when would you have been selling the insurance, wouldn't that have been largely more 
ULIP? You mentioned that in your portfolio, you are doing no ULIP, right?  
Shirish Patel: 
If you look at the majority of the distributors who are right now working with us are coming 
from LIC, and historically LIC is again either a non-par product or the par product. As is, the 
contribution in the ULIP is very less. We also would not like to offer ULIPs, which are almost 
similar products compared to mutual funds. That is our proposition.  

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Prakriti Banka: 
These POSPs, as of now, are you taking some portion of the commission or is it right now the 
focus on just building mass in terms of more POSPs attached to your platform or are you taking 
something? 
Shirish Patel: 
We never believe in growth with compromising on the margin. Even if you were to look at the 
mutual fund business to gain the market share, we would never compromise on our margin and 
similar strategy we are adopting in the insurance business.  
Prakriti Banka: 
But is there scope for margins to improve or are you already at the optimal level? 
Shirish Patel: 
Improvising the margin in the insurance space, I don't think there is a possibility, and the same 
goes for the mutual fund. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Ronak Chheda from Awriga Capital.  
Ronak Chheda: 
My question is on MFD. If you were to see the 24,000-odd MFDs, more than 50% of them have 
joined us in the last two years, right? So, can you talk about your experience with these MFDs? 
Can they scale up at what pace once they are past that two years-3 years into the business, and 
can they bring incremental momentum to the business for us? 
Shirish Patel: 
If you look at the number, less than two years of distributors, as you said, is almost 50%. Their 
contribution to the AUM is around 12% to 13% currently. But if you look at their contribution 
to the new business is almost 25%. If you look at the mutual fund business, when any new person 
comes and joins the company or the platform, they start with a small-small business, SIPs or 
fresh purchases. Their contribution to the gross sales is much higher, but their contribution in 
the AUM terms is always lower. But when they gain some kind of maturity and become 3-4-5 
years old in the system, they contribute a huge amount in revenue. Again, I'm repeating the same 
number you said: 50% of our MFDs are less than two years old. Their contribution to the AUM 
is around 12%-1,3%, and their contribution to the new business is around 25%-26%. That itself 
says the potential from the MFDs as they mature. 
Ronak Chheda: 
So, are you experiencing an inflexion point of scaling up MFD base?  
Shirish Patel: 
Inflection point of the MFD I think one I would say that look at the number in the industry; 
currently, almost 1.2 lakh MFDs are in the mutual fund industry. 23-24 lakhs insurance agents 
are there, so I think we strongly believe, and recently you would have seen that AMFI is also 
focusing on MFD' Karein Shuru' as a campaign, and they also are targeting 5 lakh MFDs. So, 
one good thing is happening. We are sitting at the inflexion point where the number of MFDs in 
the industry is going to grow, so we strongly believe that more and more people will take the 
mutual fund business as a carrier. Second, as Sanjay Bhai has said in the beginning that almost 
20% of the industry's ARN holders are currently associated with us, and we see our trend that 
more and more MFDs are interested in joining the platform to take advantage of technology and 
the multiple products and we are very well placed there. Two things are happening yes, more 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
and more MFDs or distributors are joining the industry, more and more people are interested in 
joining the platform, and we are very much placed there, so you can say that yes, I think we are 
sitting on the inflexion point of number MFDs. 
Ronak Chheda: 
My second question was about the yield you partly addressed. As industry AUM grows and as 
TERs contract, what is your sense? Is it on a percentage basis that we negotiate with the AMC, 
or is it on an absolute bps basis that our contracts or negotiations work? How does that 
relationship work? If you could throw some light? 
Shishir Shah: 
It's a difficult question to answer because there is no standard mechanism of negotiations because 
every AMCs dealing would be different. Certain AMCs might be talking in percentage terms. 
Certain AMCs might be talking in absolute terms. If you look at, as Sanjay Bhai also said in the 
beginning, and if you look at the historical data, gross sales, I think the rate would change only 
on the new business and not on the old business, so that is what is the most important thing for 
us to understand that whenever the size of any scheme increases, it is not going to impact 
whatever earnings we have on the existing business and if you look at historically our gross sales 
that is the new sales is almost you can say 20% to 25% of our AUM. If I go with that logic, you 
can probably say that my entire assets will come at the new price in 4 years. So whenever even 
there is one basis point, let us hypothetically assume that one basis point margin is impacted in 
this financial year. So that one basis point margin is impacted on the 25% of our AUM or the 
business or 20%-25% of our business of our AUM, you can probably say that my gross yield 
may come down by 0.25 basis points. So, as I said, it is not impacting the historical AUM, it is 
only and only impacting the new sales, and new sales are around 20% to 25% of the AUM, so 
overnight, it is not going to change our yield and again coming to your point, there is no fixed 
formula. It is some AMCs with a sharing basis. Some AMC is an absolute negotiation. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pawan from Renaissance Investments.  
Pawan: 
I just had one clarification. So, 7,000 crores odd of Karvy book, what percentage of that is 
contributing to revenue as of now for us? 
Sanjay Shah: 
The segment reporting has not been made by us.  Monthly accretion to the bottom line would 
easily be close to about 1.5 to 2 crores. 
Pawan: 
From that 7,000 crores AUM you are earning about 1-2 crores per month basis? 
Sanjay Shah: 
1.5 to 2 crores because there are a lot of payouts to the partners and also because it's a business 
driven by the mutual fund distributors. So, there's a payout, so the net earning we have from 
Karvy assets would be close to probably 1.75 to 2 crores. We will not have the exact numbers, 
or it's not an audited number. I can give you approximately 1.75 crores of earnings which we 
have on a month-on-month basis. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Pawan: 
Regarding the repricing of this book, what is the expectation in terms of timelines by which we 
think this entire book will get repriced? 
Sanjay Shah: 
In the next 2 to 3 years, at least a significant part of these assets might get repriced, but it's going 
to be a gradual process because now the servicing of those customers, servicing to those 
distributors has started and once they'll come into a regular servicing to the client, I think you'll 
see the restructuring will be happening, I believe in next three years that entire assets which were 
actually if you look at today, it's almost about 16%-17% of my total AUM. 8,000 crores and 
49,000 crores of my equity AUM - so almost 16%-17% of assets will likely be churned in the 
next three years. The possibility of adding 35 basis points is a significant change that will come. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, on the debt segment, our share in that 94% of the equity, 94%, while the rest of it is very 
less and primarily, I have understood that would be debt. But if we look at the industry, within 
the retail book around 70%-75% would be equity, and debt would be a good share. Are we 
strategizing anything about getting the incremental flows on the debt side because most of the 
customers elsewhere would also be putting money on fixed deposits or lying their money in 
some saving banks account? Are you planning to get a push and incremental AUM on the debt 
side?  
Sanjay Shah: 
On strategy, let Shirish address that, but if I give you the industry number, the total AUM of the 
industry in September was close to 40 lakh crores. Out of that, almost 15 lakh crores were from 
non-equity AUM. Within that, the individual was only 4 lakh crores. Overall, out of 40 lakh 
crores, individuals investing in non-debt is only 10%, and our share is 6%. So, we are purely 
representing, so if you look at the composition of Prudent's AUM, almost 50% of AUM has been 
built up through SIP, and SIP is mainly into equity. You look at the granularity of the book. That 
is number one.  
Number two industry represents 10% of retail AUM, which includes the HNIs, while we are 
pure-pure retail, and that's why I think if I talk about 6%, 6% fair share looking at the industry, 
number one. Number two, when I'm saying the debt, we may not be exposed to debt through 
mutual funds; otherwise, we have a very strong debt desk. We do secondary market and primary 
market bond dealing and distribute the fixed deposit. In terms of retail investors, they do not 
have a tax arbitrage. Hence, probably, a mutual fund may not be that lucrative, or what you call 
attractive for them to invest into a pure debt segment, and whatever assets we might have in debt 
also mean for probably short-term parking or a lot of money might be getting transferred to 
equity by the systematic transfer plans, this is broadly on that. Strategically let Shirish address 
that. 
Shirish Patel: 
Sanjay, you have already covered that point. I think to give you more statistics. Out of the 
industry's total of almost 40 lakh crores AUM, individual investors' AUM is almost 22 lakhs; 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
out of that, debt is around four lakhs. If you could take the percentage of the individual investor's 
debt, AUM is around 20%, but HNIs are included this mix. If you look at our average AUM per 
PAN is around Rs. 3.5 lakhs. So practically, within individuals who are participating on debt 
front, I believe they are more and more on the HNI side. Our target segment, our clientele, is 
more on the retail side. The number of retail clients having the investment in the industry in debt 
is really very less and, as Sanjay mentioned, is around 10%, we are around 6%. Second, we have 
got multiple products, as Sanjay Bhai said to offer to the debt & I think last 3-4 years debt 
component we are replacing rather I would say that with the hybrid category or BAF category 
funds. There is a conscious call which we have taken to target the bank deposit money or the 
debt money by way of hybrid funds or even the BAF category funds. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Secondly, regarding commission payouts to your distributors, what would be the rough numbers 
for MF and insurance?  
Shirish Patel: 
We don't have a proportionate sharing model, so we don't say that this is the percentage we share 
on our receivables. If you look at our historical payout ratio at the Prudent level, it ranges 
between around 60% to 62% of our gross receivables, as we have communicated earlier. Also, 
this is on a total receipt of Prudent, a total payout from Prudent.  
Now roughly, if you look at Prudent's composition of the AUM, almost a 10% fee is contributed 
by our B2C channel, and our B2B channel contributes almost 90%. With 10% of our clientele 
scattered by our B2C channel, there is no payout, and so 90% of our AUM is where we pay the 
brokerage, which comes to around 60% to 62%, as I said. If you put the ballpark number roughly 
on the distribution side B2B channel, our gross payout is in the range of around 67%- 68%, so 
that is what the rough payout is. It is not a standard practice. Again, I would say that we also 
have a tiered structure. The smaller the distributor, the lesser the sharing and the bigger the 
distributor, the higher the sharing, so roughly, you can say that our weighted average cost is 
around 67%-68% on the mutual fund side. On the insurance side, currently, in the POS, as you 
said industry, there are multiple things available, so there are base commissions and rewards. If 
you put it this way, the combined composition of our total sharing on the insurance side also 
remains almost similar. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Regarding the POS fees, you all mentioned that you had converted them down at one point. You 
have some (+6,000) POSPs, including the family members, and on the other side, you mentioned 
4,000 ARNs. Is it right to assume the remaining 2,000 family members from the existing ARNs? 
Shirish Patel: 
Majority of them definitely, you can assume that way that the remaining 2,000 odd would be the 
family members, the majority because we don't target to go out in the market and acquire only 
POSP, so yes, you can say it is safe to assume that 2,000 would be a relative.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Secondly, the IRDA might allow individual agents to also tie up with three Life, Health and 
General insurance companies. Would that kind of hamper the growth going ahead? 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Shirish Patel: 
I think I would say that time would only say whether it would impact the growth. The most 
important part today is the technology part. What is prudent business all about?? Prudent 
business is nothing but technology and product, and servicing. My point is our proposition of 
technology, service, people, product in one place. I think that proposition still lasts. I don't see 
that if IRDA comes up with this particular thing, it might impact our business, so I think we 
don't see that thing.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from line Rohan.  
Rohan: 
I just wanted to understand the direct channel, which is currently 10% of the AUM. How have 
the new flows in that channel, and what is the average folio size in that channel right now? 
Shirish Patel: 
We have not expanded that business in the last few years. Over a period of time, if you look at 
the percentage contribution of that particular channel is coming down. If I give you the number 
currently from that particular side, out of the total gross sales, almost 400 crores of gross sales 
have happened through the B2C channel, so even if you take the percentage, it is almost similar 
compared to what we have done this year. 
Rohan: 
And the folio ticket size and the customer segments in this where we are getting the new 
customers?  
Shirish Patel: 
We don't have a specific segregation of that thing, but on the B2C side, we don't cater to retail 
clients. We only cater to the HNI clients, so obviously, the folio average folio size would be 
higher than what we have at a Prudent level. 
Rohan: 
Can you just share the insurance commission payout for the quarter and the first half for the 
POSPs? 
Sanjay Shah: 
We don't have a segment reporting, yes, but what Shirish said is that a very small percentage of 
business currently comes through POSP and the POSP payout would be reasonably higher and 
that segment reporting is not provided. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments.  
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you very much to everybody for participation, and yes, thank you, thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.   
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
