 
Macrotech Developers Limited: Lodha Excelus , NM Joshi Marg, Mahalaxmi,  Mumbai 400 011, India  •  T + 91 22  6773 7373  
Regd. Office : 412, Floor-4, 17G Vardhaman Chamber, Cawasji Patel Road, Horniman Circle, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India 
CIN: L45200MH1995PLC093041 
www.lodhagroup.in 
 
 
   November 8, 2022 
 
The Listing Dept.,  
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 543287 Scrip ID:-LODHA 
Debt Segment – 974163, 974199 
The Listing Dept. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol : LODHA 
 
 
  Dear Sir, 
 
  Sub: Q2 FY23 - Earnings Call Transcript 
 
  We are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of the Company’s Q2 FY23 earnings conference    
  call held on November 2, 2022. The transcript is also being uploaded on the Company’s website i.e.    
  www.lodhagroup.in under the Investors section. 
 
  This is for the information of your members and all concerned.  
 
  Thanking you, 
 
  Yours truly, 
 
  For Macrotech Developers Limited                               
 
 
 
 
     
       Sanjyot Rangnekar   
 
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                       
  Membership No F4154 
 
  Encl: As above 
 
SANJYOT 
NILESH 
RANGNEKAR
Digitally signed by SANJYOT NILESH 
RANGNEKAR 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=6df6cf47a87859531ee4f50a489e
7721, 
2.5.4.20=C7812C81AE26D822A965B197D519
5BDF6D50F8443987A023DF50FD6BEF4C5021
, postalCode=400607, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=d7712af3da22c028adfaa23a93
cc85029417e4c3cba448af2f6d982f99722a49, 
cn=SANJYOT NILESH RANGNEKAR 
Date: 2022.11.08 20:04:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Macrotech Developers Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 02, 2022 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. BIPLAB DEBBARMA - ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK LODHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
- 
MACROTECH 
DEVELOPERS 
LIMITED 
MR. SHAISHAV DHARIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
TOWNSHIPS 
& 
RENTAL 
ASSETS 
- 
MACROTECH 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR MODI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
MACROTECH DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. ANAND KUMAR - HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
MACROTECH DEVELOPERS LIMITED 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call of 
Macrotech Developers hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock 
Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Thank you Steven. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Q2 FY2023 earnings call of 
Macrotech Developers hosted by Antique Stock Broking. Today we have with us the 
management of Macrotech Developers represented by Mr. Abhishek Lodha - Managing Director 
& CEO; Mr. Shaishav Dharia – CEO, Townships & Rental Assets; Mr. Sushil Kumar Modi - 
CFO; and Mr. Anand Kumar - Head IR. Without further ado let me hand over the call to Mr. 
Lodha. Over to you Sir! 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Good afternoon everybody. Thank you for joining us for our earnings call. Best wishes of the 
Indian New Year to you and your family. 
 
I will begin by highlighting three key updates. Number one: Our UK investment cycle is now 
visibly reaching conclusion. We have repatriated back approximately Rs.100 Crores during this 
quarter and we will receive an additional Rs.1000 Crores in the course of calendar year 2023. We 
have also paid off the US dollar bond of $225 million from the UK investment in two tranches in 
March and September 2022 and there is no further liability or risk to the Indian balance sheet 
from the UK investments. 
 
Deterioration in the sterling and the deterioration of the local economy as well as certain other 
project related expenses likely to be remitted to India from the UK operations is going to be a 
total of Rs.1100 Crores, Rs.100 Crores already received and about Rs.1000 Crores to be received 
next year against our earlier estimate of Rs.1500 Crores. It is to be noted that the onetime 
noncash provision of Rs.1177 Crores that we have taken in this quarter in our P&L is to reflect 
the difference between value of the debt instrument we had used to finance the UK investment 
and the value of the actual receipts. Now that the repatriation has started back, it was appropriate 
for us to take into the view of what the final repatriation would be and therefore take this noncash 
provision for the differential amount. Please note that the remittance amount of Rs.1100 Crores, 
Rs.100 Crores already received and Rs.1000 Crores to be received is completely independent of 
this and that money will be received as I mentioned in the course of calendar 2023. Of course the 
provisions taken will also lead to a tax benefit of about Rs.350 Crores to us in due course. So 
therefore effectively from the UK we will receive back about Rs.1100 Crores and we will get a 
tax benefit because of this provisions/write-offs of about Rs.350 Crores totaling to a total cash 
benefit of Rs.1450 odd Crores to Macrotech Developers Limited and this will bring an end to our 
UK investment cycle and allow us to completely focus on only doing investments in India. 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Point number two: As we had promised earlier from this quarter onwards we will report the 
Embedded EBITDA from the presales done this quarter. The Embedded EBITDA is calculated 
using the sales price of the sales done in the current quarter and the estimated lifecycle cost of the 
relevant building or plant in which the sales are done. This will give you the clear visibility into 
the profitability and free cash flow generated from our quarterly sales. Since we have very little 
depreciation and amortization cost in our business the EBITDA can be converted into profit 
before tax PBT by deducting the interest cost, so we update you on a quarterly basis on 
Embedded EBITDA and as well as our total debt as well as cost of borrowing. For this quarter 
we added Embedded EBITDA margin of approximately 33% on presales of Rs.3148 Crores 
implying Embedded EBITDA of approximately Rs.1050 Crores. For the H1 as a whole the 
Embedded EBITDA amount is approximately Rs.2040 Crores. 
 
Third update: We have the strongest H1 in our history with Rs.6000 Crores of sales and our 
strongest ever Q2 which is seasonally the weakest quarter, but that also had almost Rs.3150 
Crores. The start to the current quarter has been equally strong in Q3. Two factors are supporting 
this momentum. One is the consolidation to quality on the supply side and the second is the 
strong demand driven by the acceptability of mortgages and the moderate price growth in the 
marketplace. The underlying momentum in the housing market is in spite of the inflationary 
pressures on the consumer and almost 150 BPS increase in mortgage rates from about 6.75% to 
just under 8.5% during H1. We believe that this is the evidence that the long-term upcycle in 
Indian housing is now well underway. 
 
The boarder economic context now: It was yet another quarter of volatility and uncertainty in the 
global economy and markets. Higher inflation readings for the US has got Fed to continue raising 
rates. How much the higher interest rate have an impact or how deep or longer US recession is 
going to be we will all have to wait and watch. Alongside with the worst turmoil in other 
economies as well the UK most noticeably and China continuing to have its own sets of 
challenges. The idea is not to share global expertise but highlight one which have the impact on 
the currency. The INR has seen depreciation of significant quantum in this quarter but it is not 
out of sync with what is happening with most other currencies. The RBI has used both its forex 
reserves to shore up the rupee and we think that the RBI is now approaching an end to its interest 
raising cycle and we expect probably another 50 basis points or so of further increase by the RBI. 
Mortgage rates as I mentioned earlier increased from just under 7% to almost 8.5% now and we 
have not yet seen any significant impact on the housing sector. As I mentioned we do expect 
mortgage rates to go up by approximately another 50 basis points and as we remain comfortable 
with the demand in the housing sector which has not been impacted even with this further 
moderate increase in mortgage rates. We have also as we have informed in earlier call sheltered 
home buyers by capping their mortgage rate at 6.99% until June 2024. This scheme has had good 
take up with almost 56% of our sales by volume and 40% of our sales by value taking advantage 
of this scheme. The total cost to us for this quarter for this scheme might be about just under 
0.3% of the cost of goods sold. So the overall cost of this scheme is quite moderate but it is 
giving the consumer a reassurance that they can buy the home that they have been dreaming of 
without getting impacted by the sudden volatility in mortgage rates. Of course inflation does 
impact the wallet of the consumer and the sentiment of a potential home buyer and we have 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
continued to excise caution on that front, but for now it does feel like the strength of the market is 
quite strong, sentiment in our core areas of operations i.e. Mumbai and Pune continues to remain 
buoyant as can be felt on the ground in this festive season in terms of enquiries and sales. 
 
On the other hand as financing environment tightens it will provide us with further opportunities 
in terms of land owners coming to us more for JDAs. Overall looking really out of the play book 
to report for this quarter, as I have mentioned in the past we continue to remain convinced on the 
multiyear housing cycle. The presales of over Rs.3000 Crores was our second best ever quarterly 
performance and our best ever Q2 as I mentioned and while collections were a bit slow it is only 
about the shift from one quarter to the next. Similarly revenue recognition and profitability as 
reported was impacted due to revenue recognition phenomenon and we can of course provide 
further details if so required. However we believe that looking at our presales and the EBITDA 
of the presales which we are both reporting will give you a much clearer look into our business 
and cash flow as well as underlying profitability. The business development opportunities 
continue to remain quite available and we have signed four further projects in this quarter 
providing additional development value of approximately Rs.3100 Crores with every quarter and 
every opportunity that we have signed we are laying the foundation for growth in the following 
years with nothing to suggest that our targets for this year will not be achieved both in terms of 
presales and collections. 
 
Commodity pressures have already subsided and cost for us continue to go down. Just to let you 
know our absolute interest cost per quarter has fallen from over Rs.550 Crores in Sep 2021 to just 
over Rs.250 Crores in the quarter ending September 2022. The momentum remains strong and 
we are on track for FY2023 and working closely to achieve our guidance of our net debt to 
approximately Rs.6000 Crores and even if we fall short modestly that will only be for about a 
quarter or so. 
 
In terms of our business progress beyond Mumbai and Pune, in Bengaluru we are on track for a 
launch in the first half of 2023 and all the ground work has been done and the trees are being 
planted. This is a test for us in a new market with minimal capital deployment returns on the 
same through the same asset light model. We intend to use the next 12 to 24 months to become 
local in Bengaluru, do a limited number of projects and really learn how the market operate and 
then scale up using the learnings and project deliveries so that in due course Bengaluru can 
become another opportunity to scale up in the significant manner Pune is now playing out. In 
terms of the Pune market we feel very strong about how we are placed in that market and we 
believe that sometime in the next 24 months our sales will become amongst the largest in that 
market or if not the largest definitely amongst the top two. 
 
Coming to the operating as well as financial highlights of the quarter, despite this being the 
seasonally weakest quarter we clocked our best ever Q2 sales Rs.3148 Crores growing by 57% 
year-on-year. The Q2 of course is weak due to the monsoon plus the inauspicious period of 
Shradh or pitru paksha. The cherry on the cake is that it is a second instance when we have 
achieved Rs.3000 Crore number in quarterly presales in the same calendar year the earlier 
instance being Q4 of fiscal 2022. With this strong performance we have achieved presales of 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Rs.6004 Crores in H1 of FY2023 our best ever first half in terms of presales and this is 52% of 
our guidance of Rs.11500 Crores and positioned us very well to definitely deliver on our 
guidance and to the extent possible surpass it. As mentioned earlier we will continue to provide 
you with the Embedded EBITDA margin on the presales done for this quarter, this will help all 
the stakeholders in financial community to get a sense on the profitability of our presales. As 
mentioned earlier for this quarter the Embedded EBITDA margin is at 33% and for the first half 
of the year it is at 34%. This information will bring much needed transparency for stakeholders 
and provide understanding around not just the presales but also around the quality of the presales 
in terms of profitability and cash flow. This also helps take away focus on the revenue 
recognition in our P&L which is informed by the Indian standard and allows revenue to be 
recognized only upon the physical completion of the building which is evident by the occupation 
certificate and therefore can lag sales by almost three years. 
 
Moving on, collection continue to track the presales growth and the same came in at Rs.2375 
Crores for the quarter showing a growth of 24% year-on-year. We expect collections to keep 
growing in line with our overall collection target for the full year being approximately at 
Rs.11000 Crores of which we have collected just about Rs.5000 Crores in the first half. As 
mentioned earlier we have added four new JDA projects with a GDV of Rs.3100 Crores across 
MMR in Pune. With these Rs.9300 Crores of projects have been added in the first half which is 
62% of our guidance for the full year. As we keep launching new JDA projects in each quarter it 
further enhances our brands and capabilities with brand owners looking to partner with a player 
like us who can maximize the NPV of their land. We have a strong pipeline of business 
development opportunities which makes us confident of achieving the business development 
guidance. Our average cost of debt has further come down to approximately 9.9% as on 
September 30, 2022 showing a decline of 60 basis points in the first half of the fiscal even as 
there was an increase of 190 basis points in the policy rates recognizing the improved business 
fundamentals as well as the strength of our balance sheet. ICRA has assigned a credit rating to 
the company of A+ in the month of October which is one point above rating which was A with a 
positive outlook. This should further enable us to improve our cost to our funds in the times to 
come. 
 
Moving further and updating you on the digital infrastructure business. During the quarter we 
have monetized our first joint venture by selling our stake in the ESR Park for approximately 
Rs.158 Crores. This is consistent with our strategy of monetization after developing an asset 
either at the asset level or the platform level. Our platform with Bain Capital and Ivanhoe 
Cambridge has commenced activity on developing the first land parcel as well as scouting for 
new land to put in the platform is also progressing well and there should be announcement in 
terms of the growth of that platform over the course of the next six months. Just to recap in terms 
of this platform. The platform has been established with a view to create a pan India presence in 
the digital infrastructure space that includes logistics and industrial parks as well as in-city 
fulfillment centers. The platform will entail $600 million of equity contribution divided equally 
between the three partners. The platform can lever modestly and jointly invest over $1 billion and 
create approximately 30 million square feet of operating assets to serve India’s digital economy. 
Lodha’s share of equity contribution will largely be in the form of asset that we will inject into 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
the platform. In addition to the signing of the $1 million plus square feet box with Skechers in Q1 
we have now signed up Schlumberger in our park in Palava. Advanced negotiations with various 
end users in a diverse set of industries like FMCG, EV ecosystem, 3PL logistics, Cold Chain, 
etc., is currently ongoing. A number of closures are likely to take place over the next six to 12 
months, this is likely to generate a large number of jobs thus boosting the economic activities in 
and around Palava and kick starting a virtuous cycle and augmenting our residential business as 
well. 
 
Let me now update a topic which is close to our ethos of do good do well that is sustainability. 
On this front we have continued to make significant progress. This can be seen through the rating 
given to us by GRESB which is one of the most globally renowned real estate focus 
sustainability benchmark provider. In the residential category we received the score of 95 out of 
100 in our very first attempt in 2022 which gave us a five star rating. This score is also amongst 
the top three in Asia. We have also established the Lodha Net Zero Urban Accelerator in 
collaboration with the Rocky Mountain Institute of USA. The accelerator has already identified 
five focus areas, where they have started work, on being passive design, efficient equipment, 
embodied carbon, clean energy and green mobility. Palava will serve as a city scale living 
laboratory to solve these challenges and pioneer innovations on the path to Net Zero. After 
finding solutions this would be rolled out for multiple projects not only transforming the way 
construction is done but also improving the lives of so many people who would be staying in 
such development. The information and knowledge generated in the accelerator will be freely 
shared with the entire India so that the transition in India towards Net Zero in the building space 
can be expedited. We have also become a part of the Build Ahead Coalition launched by Xynteo, 
an initiative consisting of forward leaning businesses such as JSW, Godrej Construction, Shell 
India, etc., committed to scale decarbonization effort across the Indian construction value chain. 
With this partnership we aim to accelerate the use of low carbon building materials in the 
construction process. 
 
On the governance front the company has strengthened its Board by inducting Ms. Harita as an 
Independent Director. Ms. Harita Gupta has over three decades of global experience in digital 
and IT services. She has had leadership positions at globally renowned companies like Microsoft 
and NIIT amongst others. She is presently leading APAC and enterprise business at Sutherland 
Global Services. Being a digital innovation focus organization we will benefit immensely from 
her guidance and experience as we stepped into our next phase of growth. As discussed earlier to 
further enhance our disclosures we are committing to provide the Embedded EBITDA margins 
for the presales of each quarter this is one more step to enable stakeholders to better understand 
our business and the quality of presales. We have from time-to-time made an effort to introduce 
the depth of our management team to you and showcase the details of the different parts of our 
business. Today we are going to have with us Shaishav Dharia, who is the CEO of our 
Townships business as well as represents the company on the Board of the Digital Infrastructure 
that we have with Bain Capital and Ivanhoe Cambridge. The model of townships that we have 
built is in our opinion unique in India. We are proud of the fact that we are able to bring the 
highest standards of living to the lower middleclass families of India’s large metros and not only 
we enable them to live in great environment but we also create comprehensive work, play, live 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
and learn environment including healthcare, education, work spaces, sports and so on, which 
provides people with a quality of life which is extremely rare in our country. As part of further 
using our scale and our township for positive impact for society we are now working with a 
variety of corporate partners on an initiative to increase the female workforce participation rate 
which is much lower than in several other economies. We are trying to create a model wherein 
women can get the jobs within a short walk or short drive from their home which enables them to 
not only take care of their family responsibilities but also work in a manner which is physically 
and mentally reasonable for them. 
 
Before I handover to Sushil the one last point I would like to make is that accounting for our 
sector has made it difficult to understand the profitability and therefore for the first time in the 
sector we are providing the visibility on the Embedded EBITDA margin of the sales. We hope 
that with this initiative our other peers in the industry will also follow soon and that will allow 
this industry to be better understood by all those who are stakeholders of this industry. I now 
hand over the call to Shaishav and Sushil before we get to questions. 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
Hi Shaishav you may like to kind of give a bit of details around our township business in 
particular that what kind of activity on the ground that you are seeing please. 
Shaishav Dharia: 
Sure, thank you Sushil and Abhishek. Good afternoon everyone. Our township business today 
basically we achieved about Rs.1940 Crores of presales in FY2022 and expecting about a 30% 
growth this year we have already reached about Rs.1130 Crores in the first half of this year, so 
well on track to achieve our targets. We expect this business to continue to see high teen growth 
for the next few years and can get even stronger as some of the infrastructure that has been 
developed across MMR they start getting completed. We are very fortunate that Palava which is 
a largest township and more of a city has become a blueprint of how we see to develop new 
townships and replicate the similar success. The way I see it building or what Abhishek said we 
have basically mastered I think four areas and that has allowed us to create a mote that cannot be 
replicated by other developers or other projects in creating successful townships. So the first one 
that I feel is I believe to deliver high quality homes along with world-class amenities at an 
affordable price point. We have been doing this over the last 10 years and for each of our 
townships high quality education is very important. For example in Palava today we have five 
schools now think it is amongst the best education districts in the country now. We have fantastic 
sport facilities, infrastructure within the townships which is fully reliable around water, power 
sustainability, healthcare in the form of clinics and now multiple hospitals with a tie-up through 
AIMS as well as Jupiter Hospital world-class parks and amenities, so this is all of which is within 
walking distance. All of this put together ensures that what we have created as a product for our 
customers is truly world class and we are able to deliver at an affordable price point. The second 
over the last 10 years the ability to master how to deliver homes continuously and consistently at 
scale. Today we have demonstrated and are easily capable of delivering 7000 to 10000 homes 
every year just within our township business to do this at scale and consistently is something 
which is very few have ever shown the capability. The third important point is sometimes it is 
easier to develop and build physical assets it is more difficult to govern and build communities 
this is the softer side of what we have been able to achieve for all our customers. For majority of 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
them this is a new way of living. Our governance model along with a very strong focus on 
building communities across the entire segment is what really differentiates our townships and 
today that is why we have over a 150000 people already living in Palava and 15000 people living 
in our Upper Thane Township which is a more recent township. Fourth is the ability to innovate 
and bring in different products so we had the CASA homes then we brought in the Crown 
affordable homes but equally our focus is now on growing the aspirational home business which 
are ranging from Rs.1 to 2 Crores plotted homes and villas that we have done very successfully at 
Upper Thane and now bringing to Palava, small offices and retail through our Signet brand, what 
this does is that we are able to capture the market and the ecosystem that our townships provide 
through all of these five product categories and build a more consistent business model. These 
four elements are basically what we have developed and mastered over the last 10 years but now 
we are seeing finally a very important lever which is an external one to us the upgradation of 
road and rail infrastructure from our townships to business hubs, what is a very high quality I 
think in a Mumbai context is a 30-minute driving distance or a 10, 15-minute ride to a train 
station because of the infrastructure upgrades that are started a few years back which are now 
coming to a completion we will see significant benefit I will just take a few of them as an 
example. 
 
For Palava city the infrastructure upgrade which will complete in the next six months is the 
elevated road to the business hubs of Ghansoli and Airoli, placing them in less than 30 minutes 
driving distance. These are predictable times and that will become a big game changer to a very 
large segment which wants access to high quality homes but now well connected. For an Upper 
Thane township the bridge to Dombivali station will be opened by March 2023 which will reduce 
travel time to less than 10 minutes. In the future we will also get metro within Palava with three 
stops. This suddenly will create a disproportionate jump in our business because we will now in 
addition to having everything internally will also provide great connectivity. Equally important is 
our own job creation as Abhishek referenced within our township business one example being 
the green digital infrastructure and the large development we are doing at Palava logistics and 
industrial park. A lot of the work is already under development and over the next two years this 
will all become operational creating 5000 plus jobs and growing continuously along with the 
emphasis we have put on economic empowerment and job creation for women close to our 
townships which allows them to manage both their home life as well as have an economic as well 
as have a work career. I think this growing strength around infrastructure as well as job creation 
close to our townships is going to create further disproportionate jump in our business. 
 
So in a summary the township business has been in a virtuous cycle of world class product, 
community, infrastructure and now great connectivity, external connectivity and with this we can 
continue to grow the business with a moderate price increase year-over-year, large volumes and 
almost become like an FMCG business. Let me stop there and hand it over to Sushil. 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
Thanks Shaishav for this update and ground reality checks for the stakeholders at large. Biplab 
would you like to take it up in terms of queries that various speakers would have. 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Moderator: 
Yes Sir we will open it up for the Q&A session. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the 
question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Kunal from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal: 
Thanks. Hi! Abhishek I was hoping to get some more color on the footfalls and conversions you 
would have seen during the festive season and if there was anything there that would have given 
an unchanged presales guidance for rest of the year? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
So what we have seen is that like in previous years the strength of the sales interest continued 
even through the second quarter and the same trend has held up also in October so we are 
continuing to see similar conversion rates in the 8% to 10% range, we are seeing very good 
quality footfalls and I think the strength of the market can be only assessed from the fact that 
even in months like August and September which are traditionally very slow month we ended up 
on an average doing Rs.1000 Crores of sales which is how we got to Rs.3150 Crores for the 
quarter which is just showing that yes the demand is strong but not only it is strong it is also 
consistent and the throughput is coming through in a much more predictable manner now. 
Kunal: 
The next one was on the monetization of the ESR JV. I just wanted to check what is the broad 
realized rate per acre of land parcel that you would have fetched here and is that a good 
representative of how we could value the remaining land bank? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
We have monetized the ESR land at about Rs.4 Crores an acre I may have mentioned to a similar 
query in the past the range at which we sell and will vary to an extent based on the users because 
data centers for example can sell for even Rs.20 Crores, Rs.25 Crores an acre and it will also 
depend on the extent of the land holding. So warehousing land of large scale this was a 90-acre 
JV with ESR is probably the lowest value per acre this has gone at about Rs.4 Crores per acre 
and average the north of that. 
Kunal: 
Last one from me for Sushil. Sushil if we just look at your CFO target for H2 as debt reduction 
target it seems to leave about Rs.800 Crores that can be incurred towards interest expense and 
investments so broadly does it mean that you are looking at less outflow on the investment side 
in H2? 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
Yes, potentially you are right but nonetheless keep that in mind that our operating cash flow 
trajectory for the second half generally is far stronger than the first half and henceforth some of 
these debt reduction targets is going to be more and more visible from the quarters that we will 
speak up from Q3 and Q4, but nonetheless I think we reasonably kind of see the visibility of 
getting us anywhere in the band of 6000 net debt and some number around that by the end of this. 
Kunal: 
Got that alright thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Hi thanks for taking my question. First is on your micro market sales that you have reported. So I 
can see a drop in sales in your affordable markets like Extended Eastern Suburbs and Thane 
affordable mid income so anything to read into in terms of interest rate that ways impacting the 
trajectory of these micro markets because they have gone down by at least like 30%, 40% if I 
compare quarter-on-quarter and on an average what the rate has been for last three to four 
quarters so your comments on that? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
The Extended Eastern Suburbs is especially tend to be the one which is most affected by the 
monsoons because these are the individuals who tend to rely on public transportation as well as 
the auto rickshaw or taxi services most for their communities, so typically if you look at it while 
you are comparing the Q1 versus the Q2 numbers of course Q1 also has certain launches in the 
Extended Eastern Suburbs but even adjusted for launches Q2 will typically be weak on account 
of seasonality most affecting that segment, but we do not really read anything into it on the 
contrary as Shaishav mentioned we are well on track to deliver sort of mid teens in the townships 
business for this fiscal compared to the numbers for last fiscal of a fairly significant base. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
In terms of collections as well it is broadly your comment on that so are you seeing any trend in 
terms of people delaying or customers delaying payments because they are adjusting to their 
budgets or any specific trend you are catching up there or collections are pretty much in tandem 
with what it is supposed to be? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
No, we have not seen any increase in delayed payments. We measure delayed payments is 
greater than 30 days delayed and we have actually seeing a fall in that absolute value on the 
larger base of units from which of course collections are coming through as each quarter we sell 
more units, so at this stage we do not see the Indian consumer in any manner at least our 
consumer in any manner affected by trying to delay or trying to delay their payments. It is just 
the normal throughput of our sales, registrations and then cash flow coming in any quarter. 
Sometimes the pitru paksha period is in Q2 sometimes it is in Q3 so that 15 days people do not 
like for example registering their documents they do not want to make major payment these are 
all sort of factors but we believe that the collections machine is pretty strongly in place first half 
we have collected just under Rs.5000 Crores and we have an internal target of about Rs.11000 
Crores of overall the collections for the full year. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Lastly on your debt your target remains the same for below Rs.6000 Crores so you will have to 
literally reduce that by Rs.3000 Crores in second half. Is it all going to be coming from operating 
cash flows or are you also building in that UK repatriation helping it reducing the debt initially I 
do not think that was built into our expectation but now the target is it including the repatriation? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
We are targeting to be around Rs.6000 Crores by the end of the fiscal. If it is few hundred Crores 
here and there, it will be for a maximum of a quarter but it will be somewhere around the 
Rs.6000 Crores handle. We have some asset sales, we are disposing mall in Palava that is 
definitely a part of the number that we are looking at. We also have a few other sort of leased 
spaces which are part of our normal divestment which will also happen in the second half of the 
year and I do not have a detailed breakup on when the money will come back from the UK 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
quarterly though we know that the Rs.1000 Crores will come back in the calendar year next year 
so yes we have assumed at about Rs.250 Crores out of those Rs.1000 Crores will come back in 
the first quarter of calendar 2023. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it thanks that is it from my side all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Thanks and good afternoon everyone. Shaishav great commentary on townships so thanks for 
that. Just if you look out mid to long-term are there any risks that you see to Palava development 
something like airport coming and taking development away from you or any other thoughts if 
you can share with us? 
Shaishav Dharia: 
Actually the airport development will be a positive because the new airport will be about 30 
minutes from Palava city so in terms of connectivity it becomes even better for companies that 
are operating there as well as folks who are living in Palava so that is actually a positive. I think 
we have been able to over the last 10 years as I mentioned developed this mote which is now 
very difficult to replicate by somebody else and more importantly to have this kind of scale is 
very difficult again probably in the history of MMR. So I would say that natural black swan 
event that can impact any business always exist but we have reached a stage where I do not see 
any normal course of event causing major disruptions. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
If I have to just put some number around you talked about sustainable volume and price increase 
in about 2 to 3 million square feet per annum 5% to 7% price increase per annum for extended 
period of time and do these numbers look achievable or higher or lower your thoughts? 
Shaishav Dharia: 
Let me take the price growth. I think the 5% to 7% which is just below inflation is a healthy price 
increase and sustainable because affordability will always remain good with that particular aspect 
so that I think is yes very much possible and within our target. Second I would think as a 
business of township much more than 2 to 3 million is what we should achieve especially given 
the growth the developments on the external infrastructure side that will connect us better to the 
business hubs both with road and rail so I would think we have the potential to do more than that. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Just to be sure 2 to 3 million is excluding DI it is just the residential part? 
Shaishav Dharia: 
Correct. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
So you can do better than that, but it would get the benefit of the commercial in the DI 
development over there that is the point you are making, right? 
Shaishav Dharia: 
Correct. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Second question I have is on one Lodha phase Abhishek now that it is coming to completion 
what percentage is leased out and how do you plan to realize the capital value here? 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Abhishek Lodha: 
As we started the leasing process for the building the lower one third of the building was under 
the spot sale model and that is almost 58% sold. We intend to lease the building out over the next 
18 months and then post stabilization we in all likelihood will dispose off our interest in the 
building, the recurring rent from the building will be in excess of Rs.200 Crores per annum and 
therefore you can see a significant one time income will accrue to the company when we divest 
this asset most likely some time in calendar 2025. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Great initiative on Embedded EBITDA so that will definitely help us a lot. If I understood you 
correct you are saying that this is calculated using the launch price but the cost is over the cycle 
of the project so there is certain inflation over there? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Yes, the cost side has taken for the lifecycle of that building and the price is the actual price 
realization for the quarter so it is not necessarily the launch price in case it is launched in that 
quarter it will be the launch price but whatever is the actual realization in a given quarter and the 
estimated life cycle cost including the inflation that one would expect in the life cycle of the 
building. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Edelweiss Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Good afternoon Sir, and thanks for taking my question. My first question is about the pricing. 
Given the increase in mortgage rate what kind of pricing increase can we take from our 
customers keeping affordability in mind? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Very important question and the one which we think about long and deep. Believe generally that 
the total cost growth which is a function of the price growth plus any increase or change in the 
cost of mortgages should be below wage growth so that affordability keeps getting better. We 
had guided at the start of the year that price growth should be in the range of 5% to 6% given that 
wage growth would be in the range of 9% this year. Given our initiative around interest costs are 
being kept at 7% till mid 2024 our consumers are not having any significant impact on account of 
the increase in mortgage rates and as I mentioned earlier the cost to us so far has been averaging 
about 0.25% of the value done in any given quarter therefore we continue to guide to the same 
number of 5% to 6% price growth for the full year for fiscal 2023. 
Parvez Qazi: 
With regards to our South & Central Mumbai projects how do we see sales velocity there and in 
general what has been the sales momentum seen in that micro market? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
As you would have looked at in terms of the sales done during the quarter South & Central 
Mumbai was a very strong contributor bringing in about Rs.1100 Crores of sales in this fiscal and 
just under Rs.2000 Crores of sales for the half year. So South & Central Mumbai continues to see 
a good strength and we are seeing growth over comparable period last year with strong growth 
over comparable period last year. I think our variety of products in South Mumbai across 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
different price points starting from as low as Rs.2.5 Crores and all the way to the top end of the 
market but with a great concentration between Rs.2.5 Crores to Rs.7, 8 Crores and we are having 
different points of the lifecycle we have ready product, we have advanced under construction 
product, we have just launched for example Lodha Bellevue opposite Vivarea at Jacob Circle or 
Saat Rasta it is colloquially called gives us ability to serve that market quite well and we are 
seeing good traction. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Thanks and that is it from my side. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Just a follow-up on the Embedded EBITDA part so just to be clear this is gross share or this is 
the project total Embedded EBITDA that we are looking at here? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
This is the total for us of course numbers are the same because for us our EBITDA is the same as 
the project’s EBITDA because any payments made to the land owner is treated as land cost in 
our accounting so there is no share of EBITDA which goes to the land owner in most of our joint 
developments so the actual EBITDA which would accrue to us. 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
On the sales that we announced so if the sales is 100 that means be it coming from the joint 
development or be it coming from our own land the EBITDA margin is the blended that we have 
indicated applies on 100. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
In case of our own land how are we treating the land cost here because you have some very 
legacy sort of projects also? 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
Obviously those will carry the historical cost of acquisition along with to the extent that if any 
interest has been incurred during the construction period and has got capitalized that interest will 
also be getting capitalized but we are giving you EBITDA number so thereby meaning any 
finance cost incurred would not be there but in any case as we move away from capitalization of 
finance cost effectively we will completely get kind of out of picture when it comes to anything 
that is including in the cost of project because our debt itself is going to getting down to the 
Rs.6000 Crores handle or below whereby you can have the finance cost separately taken below 
the line from the EBITDA downwards. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Just for my clarification also and maybe we are talking about FY2024 now it seems in another 
three odd quarters you should be done with reducing the net debt so what is the utilization of cash 
there will you say abandoned the JV model and go back to buying land or there is something that 
comes in your mind? 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
Firstly we would like to say that the target of Rs.6000 Crores of debt is one milestone we are 
seeking to achieve. We will of course review the macroeconomic situation and even lower level 
of debt we will definitely even use our cash flows towards that we have not made any decision 
because we are of course watching the externally evolving situation closely. Having said that 
whatever is the growth capital available will be significant and we will continue to use the 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
growth capital in a prudent in order to generate the ROEs that we are targeting of approximately 
20%, In order to generate those ROEs we will have a blend of joint development and ownership 
in our sales mix, we expect that for the next 12-18 months, it will continue to remain focus 
towards JDAs and in the medium term it will settle down incrementally 40% of sales value 
coming from joint development and 60% coming from outright own land and such that, that mix 
allows us to generate the 20% that we are targeting. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Thanks for that. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
I just had two questions. So one is this 33% margin you have given this is margin at the project 
level or is it your share? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
This is the net margin to us this is our margin after all expenses including overhead cost as well 
as whatever goes to the land owner this is margin to us. 
Saurabh: 
So 33% is the EBITDA and this is the gross margin right or the EBITDA? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Whatever very miniscule depreciation and amortization we may have and then only the interest 
cost and taxes. 
Saurabh: 
I am just asking you because normally we have seen the JDA margins are much lower with the 
industry they are in the 20%, 25% handle that case so what could explain that you are getting 
these kind of margins on incremental basis? 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
No, you are right to the extent the composition of JDA will always have the lower margin but 
from an EBITDA standpoint as if you recall what it will be indicated on any JDA that we target 
anywhere between 15% to 20% handle of a PBT. But as in this quarter the contribution of the 
JDA is not that significant and in essence what you are seeing is more coming out of our own 
project as time goes and thereby the JDA some position improves you have potentially this 
margin as I think potentially will have a downward trajectory. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
If I may just come in, in addition to what Sushil has just said we estimate obviously it will vary 
project-to-project but the own lands have the margins in the mid to high 20s and the JDAs have 
PBT margins in the high teens so there is definitely a delta between the two and therefore the 
blend of course depending on how much JDAs are contributing to sales in any given quarter. 
Saurabh: 
The second is I just want to understand this impairment you have done in UK better so your cash 
flow receipt has not changed so what has changed for this Rs.1100 Crores impairment to happen 
can you just throw a better light on this? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Of course Sushil will be able to explain better but I will take a little bit of an attempt and then 
Sushil can add. We had made the investments in the UK by means of a debt instrument and the 
debt was accruing interest at high interest rate of 12% to 14% so that is what the balance sheet 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
was carrying in terms of what would be returned from the UK. Now this quarter the net received 
from the UK have started coming back and we know with a fair degree of certainty what the final 
amount that is going to come back is that rate of return is not going to be in that 12% to 14% 
handle but that rate of return on our investment is going to be more in the single digit handle and 
therefore the delta between the two is that impairment that we are taking which is really just an 
impairment in terms of the return. The principle of course is all being returned and it is being 
returned with a return but the return is not high as the debt instrument was assuming. 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
While from a cash flow standpoint we always kind of guided you on a conservative basis that we 
would be targeting repatriation of around Rs.1500 odd Crores handle number but internally we 
were still optimistic looking at how things perform and potentially there was a scenario whereby 
we can have a repatriation even higher, but knowing where how things has evolved and how 
what UK is seeing in terms of economy and obviously equally the kind of deflation in our own 
inventory having received expedited sales thereby to concentrate more and more on India side so 
that is some of those optimism which we had internally but that is no more relevant but in any 
case to all the stakeholders we always guided conservatively to be in the handle of Rs.1500 and if 
you really see on the whole while the form of this 1500 now changes whereby the Rs.1100 
Crores, Rs.100 Crores already received in this quarter and Rs.1000 Crores expected in next 
calendar year but on this provision we will have the tax break and the tax benefit which will also 
be in the handle of around Rs.350-400 Crores so net-net effective result from a cash flow 
standpoint rather decide for the business for the company would continue to be in the handle of 
Rs.1500 Crores in line with what we have guided. 
Saurabh: 
Okay I think I will take this offline Sir and just one last question Abhishek what is your end 
March debt guidance and March 2024 gross is expectation of net debt zero where do you think 
this by March 2024? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
At this stage we do not have a March 2024 guidance to provide we will of course do it when we 
share the entire guidance for the fiscal year 2024 and that is what I mentioned in response to an 
earlier question this is the first milestone of getting to approximately Rs.6000 Crores of debt by 
March 2023 we are working aggressively towards getting there even if we miss it by a little bit it 
will be maximum for a quarter but we will get there quite soon and then of course whether to 
continue to further reduce debt will depend on the external environment we are quite open 
minded about making sure that the company at no time has any risk when it comes to leverage so 
while Rs.6000 Crores given the scale of our business is not significant leverage but if we believe 
that it is better to be lower we will go lower. 
Saurabh: 
Just one final question, can you just provide what percentage of your borrowers would be taking 
a mortgage this is my final question thanks, what percentage of customers will be taking a 
mortgage maybe after booking a flat? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I do not sort of right now have an exact number but what I remember from memory is that it is in 
the mid 60s the numbers as a percentage of the total buyers who take mortgages. 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
To be precise it is around 68% at this point of time. 
Saurabh: 
Okay understood thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Thanks for taking my questions. Firstly on the spend on new projects that we spent close to about 
Rs.1300 crores plus in the first half, how should we look at this in the second half considering 
like we have already achieved GDV worth Rs.9300 Crores versus Rs.15000 Crores guided so 
how should we look at the spend in the second half? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
That number will moderate because obviously we have already done 60% plus of our target in 
the first half then the second half that number will be lower. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My second question was to Abhishek. You mentioned that you expect demand to remain healthy 
even after another 50 bps increase in mortgage rates according to you at what mortgage rates you 
think the demand or affordability will get impacted? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I think it is a question which we can only guesstimate we had earlier said that up to 9% demand 
remains unaffected and therefore another 50 basis points from wherever we are right now 8.25 
within that thing but to provide another way of thinking about this I do not think it is too much 
about mortgage rates. Of course it is if mortgage rates are at 12% it will matter but it is not so 
much about mortgage rate as it is job security and job creation. As long as there is job security 
and job creation even if mortgage rates were modestly higher than 9%, it does not meaningfully 
impact on demand. It really is about that job security and job creation question. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kushagra from Old Bridge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kushagra: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Few questions, one, can you give us cash outflows which we are 
expecting on construction, SG&A and those land in JDA investments over next two years not 
probably the second half but FY2024-2025? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Good question but not something we have prepared for I do not want to answer something of that 
nature of the cuff so let us sort of revert to you on that offline. 
Kushagra: 
Sure no worries and second question is on your JDAs basically so till now whatever JDAs you 
have signed what would be the cash outflow towards the land owner share in the project which 
probably you would have given if it would have been your own project you would have given as 
your land purchase acquisition cost so what that amount would be out of Rs.17000, 18000 Crores 
of JDAs which you have signed till now? 

 
 
 
     Macrotech Developers Limited 
November 02, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Abhishek Lodha: 
We were answering what percentage would we expected as outflows to the land owners it would 
be in the range in our expectation around the 20% to 25% of those revenues so if the revenues are 
about 25% it will range between Rs.5000 and Rs.7000 Crores of outflows. 
Kushagra: 
Got it and just one last question on this wage inflation so at one point you sort of mentioned that 
wage inflation will continue to sort of pickup resulting in better affordability but at the same time 
wages which is almost one third of your cost there seems to be lower than inflationary numbers 
than the other components so just taking your thoughts on how you are thinking about this 
dichotomy between the wage inflation at the lower end of the pyramid wage inflation which is 
somewhat in the broader affordability factor like in this percolate in your wage cost as well and 
are you building anything over there in your price hike strategy? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I say it is a very thoughtful question. Obviously wages are determined by the tradeoff of supply 
and demand and as we know India is abundantly supplied with the semi-skilled labor at the 
bottom of the pyramid if you look back at the data series over many, many years the wage 
growth for those at the bottom of the pyramid tends to be disconnected from the wage growth at 
the middle and the top of the pyramid purely based on level of skill and the supply demand level 
so I do not really see this as a dichotomy this is historical fact. We do build in construction cost 
inflation into our models which is a blend of the material as well as the labor cost inflation and 
we have found that the way we model it is quite reasonable and accurate. So far we have not been 
surprised negatively but the inflations of the middle and the upper end of the pyramid of more 
skilled people who ultimately end up being home buyers to be a home buyer with annual income 
at the minimum has to be between 6 to 10 lakhs that is a very different situation from a 
construction worker whose monthly wages would range between Rs.15000 to Rs.25000 a month 
and therefore a very different parts of the pyramid. 
Kushagra: 
Sure got it that is helpful thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we take that as the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Anand Kumar: 
Thank you everyone. Feel free to reach out to me or Sushil. As we have highlighted we are in a 
very exciting time period where the sector continues to perform very well so if you have any 
further questions please feel free to reach out to me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
