 
Orient Electric Limited - a CK Birla Group Company  CIN No.: L31100OR2016PLC025892 
240, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020, India    Tel +91 11 40507000    Fax +91 11 40507004 
Regd. Office: Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751012   investor@orientelectric.com   www.orientelectric.com 
November 09, 2022 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: ORIENTELEC 
 
Department of Corporate Services -Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
   Scrip Code: 541301 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation to our earlier letter dated July 26, 2022, filed in terms of the provisions of 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
regarding participation of the management of the Company in an Earnings Call, to discuss the 
Un-Audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2022, scheduled for Friday, November 04, 2022 at 10:00 AM (IST). 
 
In this regard, transcript of the aforementioned Earnings Call is attached herewith. Further, 
the said transcript is also available on the website of the Company. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  Yours Sincerely, 
 
For Orient Electric Limited 
 
 
Hitesh Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary 
Enc: a/a 
HITESH 
KUMAR 
JAIN
Digitally signed 
by HITESH KUMAR 
JAIN 
Date: 2022.11.09 
15:44:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
“Orient Electric Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAKESH KHANNA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO 
MR. SAIBAL SENGUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) PVT. LTD. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Orient Electric Q2 FY 
’23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Pvt. Ltd. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal from PhillipCapital 
(India) Pvt. Ltd. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks. Good morning everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Pvt. Ltd., 
I welcome you all to Orient Electric Limited Q2 FY '23 Earning Call. Today 
we have with us Senior Management represented by Mr. Rakesh Khanna – 
Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Saibal Sengupta – Chief Financial 
Officer. Without taking more time, I would like to hand over the floor to the 
management for their opening remarks post which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. Thanks, and over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Thank you, Deepak. Good morning everyone. I am Rakesh Khanna. A very 
warm welcome to all of you and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 
results discussion for the financial year 2023.  
 
COVID now apparently behind us. Continued global tensions, volatility of 
commodities and currency, sporadic severity of monsoons and prevailing high 
inflation, the quarter has seen it all. The quarter under review has seen a decline 
in revenue and margins. However, a little deeper understanding of underlying 
reasons gives the confidence of a bright future ahead.  
 
To start with, the revenue decline is mainly in ECD segment. Even though we 
have continued to improve our share in fan segment in every channel, our 
primary sales took a beating due to following factors. Firstly, there was 
destocking by trade channel. This had an industry-wide impact, and the 
underlying reason was expectation of downward price correction by the trade, 
unpredictability of product mix after BEE Star Rating implementation from 
Jan’23.  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Second reason was our initiative of going direct in a few states which led to 
sales reversals of MD stock and blackout period in the big states of AP and 
Telangana to facilitate a small smooth transition to direct distribution. The 
good part is that in the states where we have started to stabilize the operations, 
we have witnessed a growth of more than 40 percent during the quarter which 
keep increase in market shares. We are confident that the other states will also 
stabilize well with good trend by the end of Q3, and good positive results will 
be visible by Q4.  
 
In exports, some key markets experienced economic and political instability 
impacting the revenue. Thanks, being the basic necessity, we are confident that 
the demand will come back very soon. Moreover, our initiative of developing 
new markets is paying off well with significant gains coming from these new 
markets.  
 
In H1, coolers have grown by more than 140%, and water heaters have grown 
by a modest of 14%. In Lighting and Switchgear segment, we continue to 
outperform the industry average both in revenue growth and margins.  
 
The Lighting and Switchgear segment reported a revenue growth of nearly 
15% for Q2 Financial Year '23, and 38% for H1. We continue to expand our 
B2B registering a 40% growth in revenue during the quarter and H1. Revenue 
from consumer luminaires grew by nearly 17% and 45% in H1.  
 
OEL is fast emerging as a front runner in high growth facade and smart lighting 
space with steady new influx of orders, and the company remains optimistic 
about its prospects going ahead with a healthy inquiry pipeline.  
 
OEL won the contract for Srinagar's Smart Lights project under the Smart City 
program. Company was awarded the prestigious contract to design and provide 
facade lights for decorating the Kanpur Ganga Barrage to celebrate India's 75th 
year anniversary.  
 
In lighting and Switchgear segment, OEL continued to post exceptional growth 
with three-year CAGR of 10% for Q2 and 9% for H1. During the quarter, we 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
have launched house wires with limited geographies and have received very 
encouraging initial response from the trade.  
 
For Q2 Financial Year '23, our EBITDA dropped by 2.3% year-on-year. Lower 
volumes with high cost inventory and competitive pricing pressure posed stress 
on margins. Lower sales volumes led to reduction in production and purchase 
which had a cascading impact on unabsorbed manufacturing overheads. All 
this resulted in an adverse impact on the contribution margins causing lower 
leverage of the fixed overheads.  
 
However, the execution of long-term strategic plans continued unhindered and 
incremental investments were made in the quarter towards additional spends 
Y-on-Y on account of advertisement and brand building and consultancy 
expenses, which has an impact of 4% of revenue for Q2 and resulting in 34% 
growth of other expenses. After collecting these additional investments, the 
normalized EBITDA would have been around 6%, which is that higher than 
pre-COVID levels.  
 
Our working capital has been reduced from 44 days last year to 41 days in 
current year from 34 days in June '22.  
 
At an entity level, for the quarter ended 30th September '22, OEL posted 
revenues of 511 crores with a growth of 17.5% compared to the pre-COVID 
Financial Year 2020. Adjusting for the extraordinary one-time loss of revenue 
due to destocking, transition to direct distribution in Fans, destocking in trade, 
and disrupted key markets in exports, normalized growth revenue would have 
been around 31.5% versus Financial Year 2020.  
 
On the overall outlook, in fans, the current vacuum in trade channel created 
due to destocking is likely to result in strong off take by trade in coming 
quarters. Moreover, there is likely to be increased spending by all major brands 
and government to create awareness about power consumption, thus leading to 
a trigger to replace the high-power consuming fan, pushing the growth further. 
The one-time corrections for distribution restructuring in select states will bear 
fruits.  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Lighting and Switchgear business is well placed to continue the growth journey 
and outperform industry. 
We are focused on our long-term strategy of increasing market reach and 
market shares, profitability, better cost management and margin improvement. 
Our strategic Spark project is still ongoing to revamp our processes in GTM, 
cost excellence and digital business.  
 
Our new Greenfield Hyderabad factory’s construction is in full swing which 
will soon add to our capacity of delivering top quality products with better-
managed costs. Our fundamentals of innovation and consumer centricity is 
continuously fortified. We are dedicated to deliver top quality innovative 
products to our consumers. 
 
I assume that you all must have read the investor’s release. On this note, I hand 
back to Deepak. Thank you, Deepak and team. Thanks, PhillipCapital for 
organizing the call.  
Moderator: 
Should we open up for questions?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from 
Haitong Securities. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Gajare: 
Good morning gentlemen. I have got two specific questions, one on revenue, 
and one on profitability. On the revenue front, you know, you did indicate the 
three reasons why the revenue was impacted in this particular quarter. It's part 
of restructuring and the BEE transition. Typically, second quarter would be 
low on fans. I was just wondering, you know, do these reasons have such a 
large bearing on the entire ECD you see a 26% degrowth? That is the first part. 
And connected with this, you know, when you are talking about the 
distribution, we started the distribution for a quarter or so. So, how much of, in 
terms of sales, how many states, you know, the states that you have covered, 
how much of that sales, is covered in the states that you have already covered? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
And therefore, what is left? So, we get a sense of, you know, this restructuring 
will take how much time and impact on the revenue. Thanks.  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Rahul, can you please repeat only the question part of it? We understand your 
query on the redistribution. We just missed out on the question part.  
Rahul Gajare: 
So, you know, the specific question over here was, you know, with respect to 
the distribution change that has happened and which has impacted the revenue, 
you have covered some states already. So, how much in terms of percentage of 
sales of fans is coming from the states that you have already covered in the 
distribution revamp? That's the question. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, the states that we have covered account for approximately 25% of the 
market potential. 
Rahul Gajare: 
And that's what you have covered, which basically means it's a two-year 
journey is what I understand from our earlier conversation. So, you expect 
large part of this to be covered in this particular year or you think it is going to 
be spread through this year and next year? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
No, Rahul. We have not said it's a two-year journey. For every state that we 
have taken, we are saying it's a two-quarter journey. When we say 25% of 
market potential has been covered, we have no intentions of covering 100%. 
We will only address those markets where the market share is low and through 
the existing structure, we are not able to penetrate deeper. And that's where we 
have taken calls of completely reshaping and redesigning the distribution. So, 
we will not touch the states where we are very strong, because we believe that 
we have great strength in many states. Only in the weak states, we will take 
these calls.  
Rahul Gajare: 
On the profitability, you have indicated your normalized EBITDA would have 
been 6%, which is about 30 crores of profit in this particular quarter, and the 
reported number is closer to Rs. 11 crore. So, there is a gap of about Rs. 20 
crore. Can you help us identify the larger part of this cost or this difference? 
You have indicated there is a consulting cost and some other cost overruns 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
including RM. So, which are the larger parts which had impacted your 
EBITDA margin in this particular quarter? 
Saibal Sengupta: 
I will just take that question. So, basically, despite the implications on the 
profitability, we did not relent in terms of getting through our investment, the 
long term strategic investments. One of them, the critical one is on the brand 
investments. On the advertising and promotion, we have significantly spent in 
the quarter, especially on some of the new product interventions we have done 
mainly in the lighting segment. And so that was one significant part of that 
number that you are rightly stating.  
 
And the second part is, of course, as you know, we have engaged McKensey 
for some of our very critical strategic initiatives, which obviously is also we 
see as an investment, because there are two - three levers that we are partnering, 
they are partnering with us, and thus there also the cost of setting which was 
not present in the base. So, these are the two major strategic investments 
although travel and others have obviously come back to normal on a Y-o-Y 
basis will be there, but we are not relevant to that. These are the two majors 
which has impacted which you are referring to them up. 
Rahul Gajare: 
This is something which one can expect to continue through the year, is it? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes, it will, but it will not be on a linear fashion because we can understand 
lighting, the advertisement we have stepped it up because of the festival period 
where there is a good amount of traction and sales. In varying proportions on 
quarter-on-quarter, but yes, it will continue and across the categories.  
Rahul Gajare: 
Sir, my last question is on the other income. We are seeing significant spike in 
other income both in the first quarter and the second quarter given the cash 
balance that we have. So, just want to understand what is transpiring in the 
other income? That's my last question. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Other income is essentially some of the liquidations that we do and basically 
may come in terms of the past provisions which get written back because of 
the liquidations in few of the items that we have been through. That is the 
reason from an accounting perspective they get into other income. It should 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
obviously not a trend that will continue on a linear fashion on a quarter-on-
quarter basis.  
Rahul Gajare: 
That's very helpful.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Ankur 
from HDFC Life. Please go ahead.  
Ankur: 
Thanks for your time. Couple of questions. One, you know, on the fans side, 
you did highlight about this whole dealer destocking given the upcoming BEE 
transition and as dealers expect price cuts by companies to clear inventory. Just 
trying to understand a little more because this is pretty well-known, right, that 
starting January this whole BEE transition happens. I am assuming companies 
would have cut down their production already, right, and maybe moved over 
to the new rated fans. So, do we really see a big price cut in December to clear 
inventory? That's one. And when do you see the restocking happening? Would 
it be more like a Q4 driven restocking as the summer comes and the channel 
restock? Is that the way we should look at it? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes. Ankur, it's a little difficult to exactly predict how it will go. You are right 
that all organizations are aware about the change, and all organizations must 
have been preparing. I can talk about us. We have prepared well for change 
over to the new star. Most of the production from November, December is one 
star. And however, because of the cost of one star is higher, till such time the 
zero star is selling. Many retailers would want to continue to buy and sell the 
zero star. The expectation during such time of changeover is that there would 
be some who may not plan well, etc. Will the prices crash? Do they not crash? 
Will customer buy zero star? Will customer buy one star? Given that the 
retailers are in a wait and watch kind of a trend. I agree that they will have to 
take a call.  
Moderator: 
Over to you, sir.  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Ankur, did I answer your question in complete or was it you couldn't hear? 
Ankur: 
I think we lost you. We are talking about the zero star being cleared by dealers, 
and I think then we lost you after that. So, I'm sorry. If you could……  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, we are not really sure, will the restocking happen at the end of quarter 3 or 
the beginning of quarter 4. But it will definitely happen. We have to just see 
how the overall market trend happens. We are prepared from our side with the 
stocks. Should the restocking happen in quarter 3 end or quarter 4 beginning, 
we are prepared both ways.  
Ankur: 
And secondly, you did also in your comments talk about higher competitive 
intensity in this segment. So, just trying to understand, are you seeing higher 
competition from existing players? Is it new players, you know, who have 
come in over the last year or so? If you could just help us on this one? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Sure. You see whenever the volumes go down, the competitive intensity 
normally tends to increase, because everybody struggles for gaining and 
protecting volumes. During this time, as the volumes fell down, the 
competitive intensity therefore increases. I believe this will be short lived, 
because the volumes will soon pick up, and restocking will happen and the 
volumes will come back.  
Ankur: 
So, it's just a temporary thing, right, because of weaker volumes in the quarter.  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes.  
Ankur: 
And lastly, sir, on the margin outlook, you know - 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Ankur. May we request that you return to the question 
queue. 
Ankur: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhargav from Kotak Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhargav: 
So, my first question is on this distribution region. Just wanted to know how 
many more states are under the consideration in terms of distribution in the 
region, and if you can also give some sense in terms of timing and how much 
these states contributing in terms of percentage of revenue for us? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
Rakesh Khanna: 
In terms of distribution region, we have taken these states, and we would want 
to stabilize these states 100% before we pick up the next. There are definitely 
some more states where our market shares are low. We are definitely trying to 
improve the market share within the existing system as of now by 
implementing the good practices that we are placing in these new states, but 
should the market share not improve, we will pick up the new states. As of 
now, we have clear plans that till the end of this financial year, we will focus 
100% to stabilize these states and gain significant market share in the states 
before we pick up the new state. And the potential, as I said, these markets 
have a potential of around 25% on all India basis.  
Bhargav: 
And a related question to this is that is the model of implementation very 
similar across all the states or each state have their own nuances, and hence the 
timing in terms of rollout could also extend beyond six months?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
This is exactly same. This is a complete white paper-based designing of the 
distribution system, 100% same across. All of them are digitized from day one, 
and all distributors who come on board are on DMS from day one. All the sales 
teams are on sales force automation from day one. So, that's the way we are 
going ahead with this.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Gori from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Gori: 
So, my first question would be like in the opening remarks, if I am not wrong, 
you highlighted like we have gained market share across channels. At the 
(secondary 00:23:23) level, however, the primary sales were impacted. Is that 
correct?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes.  
Manoj Gori: 
So, I would just like to understand like if we look at like most of the peer 
companies have reported their numbers. So, why there was a lag when we were 
gaining market share, so obviously, others should have been impacted more 
with us. So, can you throw some light over there? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, as I said, in our numbers, first of all, there is a reduction because of some 
specific reasons. One, there is a negative sale that we had to recall because of 
shifting to the new states where we have to take back the stock from the trade. 
We had blackout period. So, these are the reasons why our revenue is less. That 
is number one. 
 
Number two, our pipeline inventory in the rest part, which is 75% of the 
market, our pipeline inventory is much longer than any other player, because 
we have an MD structure. And therefore, during any such time when the stock 
correction happens, our stock correction is actually one of the highest, and 
that's the lag. So, these are the reasons why the reported number, our primary 
sales would be lower than the other peer group companies' numbers. 
Manoj Gori: 
So, secondly, if you look at, just wanted to get sense on a directional basis, so, 
obviously, we have lacked because of the initiatives that the Company has been 
taking into various states on the distribution side. Should we expect the 
outperformance versus players, other players in the industry probably Q4 or 
probably in FY '24 from the first quarter itself that should be a significant 
outperformance?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
I won't really comment on that part, because you are asking with respect to 
other capable players. All I will say is from our side, there would not be any 
such kind of thing holding us back. We will be gaining all the advantages of 
the new states by that time. By quarter 4 end we should be completely enjoying 
healthier market share in all these new states. So, that's on the positive side, 
you will see good results in quarter 4.  
Manoj Gori: 
Sir, lastly on the wire side, can you share some thought process over there, like 
what we are targeting? What would be the manufacturing strategy over there? 
So, can you throw some light, like what's the longer term thought process over 
there? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Initially, we will be outsourcing till such time the volumes are small. We will 
re-evaluate as we gain significant volumes. We do not intend to play very big 
in wires as a category, but we definitely want the portfolio to be complete 
considering that in between influencers like electricians and traders would 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
want a complete portfolio, and therefore, presence of wires seems to be 
important. We will be playing with that perspective, and initial response from 
the trade is very good, and we have therefore started with a select range only. 
We are not going all out with a complete range. We are going with a select 
range, select geographies. We will learn and then take a final call.  
Manoj Gori: 
Does it have any negative impact on the overall operational profitability as of 
now? And how do we expect any impact, possible impact on the operating 
profit in the coming year? So, just wanted to understand from an investment 
point of view for building brand.  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Excellent. No negative impact. In fact, what happens is, it is the same 
infrastructure which can actually put the wires also. Therefore, it does not come 
with any incremental cost. It only comes with incremental revenue and margin. 
That's point one. Point two, because that we are now giving a complete 
portfolio to the partners, it helps to push the rest of the products also. So, this 
is a category which will only give us a positive, and I do not see any negative.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Rahul 
Agarwal from Incred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sir, first question was a clarification on the distribution rejig you mentioned. 
So, should I assume that the March 23 will be done with the states you 
mentioned which is UP, Karnataka, AP and Telangana, and then over time we 
will realize and we will figure out what really happens with other weaker states, 
and we will take it up sometime in first half of next year? Is that correct? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
The first part of the question, yes, you are correct. By the quarter 4 end, we 
should be done with these states. We will evaluate the next step if required 
thereafter.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sir, could you give any indication like number of at least the number of weaker 
states less apart from these which you have already named? There could be 
like another five or there could be another two.  
Rakesh Khanna: 
I would hope that we do not have to go anywhere else if we are able to gain 
our significant market shares as targeted in the other weaker states also by then. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And my last question is, sir, on the fan inventory. Total inventory obviously 
we have in the balance sheet is 290 crore. If it is possible, could you share what 
is the split between non-rated and rated inventory right now? And should I 
assume that maximum by Jan end assuming that the channel fills, refills, 
restock, destock, by Jan end, what is the entire non-rated fan inventory out of 
the channel and then start buying rated fans because there is no option anyway 
because the summer 2023 will be very close? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Given our inventory in terms of mix, we have already corrected most of it, and 
non-star in a very small quantity left anyway. The non-star being manufactured 
is only what we are 100% confident that we will be able to sell and the trade 
really wants it during this period. Otherwise, non-star will not be 
manufactured. In terms of the total quantity, the total inventory, I don't think it 
will make a significant shift, because inventory is based on how much 
inventory we require for the future sales. So, it will be based on that. I really 
do not see a link between these two things. On your query that our inventory 
is healthy, answer is yes, the inventory is healthy. There is a very small quantity 
of non-star available with us now, which will easily get cleared in this month 
and next month.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhargav from Kotak Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead.  
Bhargav: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, given that you mentioned you have a 
very limited inventory of zero-rated fans. Is it fair to say that the discounting 
intensity will only reduce as we near December and bulk of the discounting 
has already been done?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Bhargav, yes, as far as we are concerned, it will depend on how the competition 
is well prepared and how much stock the overall industry is carrying. That will 
decide how much discounting happens. From our side, our stock is fairly low, 
and we have very little pressure to sell the stock at any price.  
Bhargav: 
And the last question is, is there any risk that the upcoming summer season 
maybe a washout given higher inventory with the channel of zero-rated fans, 
and they may not want to fall short of stock, the new energy rating in Q4? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
Rakesh Khanna: 
No, I do not see any such challenge, because it is only till such time that the 
previous inventory gets over that people have a wait and watch. Truly, once 
that is done, it's over. It all depends on how much is the consumer demand. I 
personally believe from whatever figure that we are reading in terms of be it 
the travel and the kind of investments people are doing in terms of the housing 
sales etc., I have a very strong belief that coming summer will be good, 
consumer will be outweighed to buy and we all should be happy.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead.  
Achal: 
You know, my first question was in terms of the manufacturing, is it fair to say 
that the non-star is almost negligible now, and all the fans what we are currently 
manufacturing have the star rating? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
No, Achal. We are manufacturing significant amount of non-star still, because 
the trade wants it till the December period. But only very fast moving to the 
extent that the demand is there only to that extent is that being manufactured. 
A very rigorous planning process is in place so that we do not get stuck with 
any of the non-star as the transition happens.  
Achal: 
And you know, in terms of the cost impact, the non-BLDC fans will see a cost 
impact when they are converted into one, two, three, four stars. Can you help 
us understand what is the impact in terms of the cost? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
It depends on different fans. For example, a fan which already has higher 
number of polls is a very strong fan, will not have as a percentage very high 
cost of converting from zero star to one start. But a very low-cost fan, which is 
not very efficient, will have a higher cost. If you want percentage, you can take 
anywhere between 10% down to 3%, 4% is the kind of cost increase.  
Achal: 
In the process, do you see that, you know, there would be an impact on the 
demand from, you know, at least in the low-end, and also, you know, the move 
from unorganized to organized players at the industry level?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Some shift may happen, but I personally believe that as the awareness will start 
going up, people will start understanding the price that they pay by buying a 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
lower-cost products over a period of time. The awareness will significantly 
grow in terms of power efficiency, and I believe that more and more people 
will instead start shifting towards more power efficient fans which will tend to 
take the average selling price higher.  
Achal: 
Just another question I had on the distribution rejig part, you know. What I 
wanted to check is, is it fair to say that, you know, the states where you are 
weak in terms of the market share because of the current distribution structure, 
you are changing it to a direct dealer? You know, if you can give some color 
as to what exactly are these changes? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
I have not understood your question, Achal. Can you repeat? 
Achal: 
In terms of the rejig, what does it mean? You know, are you moving to a direct 
dealer channel or, you know, exclusive distributor and so on so forth?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, in these states, we go back to the drawing board. We look at the state. We 
divide the state in districts in talukas, etc. And then we decide how much of 
the geography can be optimally distributed by a distributor, and thereby, we 
divide the state. Then in each of those pockets, we go and look for a distributor 
whom we call a mapped market distributor for that particular geography. This 
distributor for fans is an exclusive distributor and is a non-retailing distributor. 
So, this distributor is responsible from day one to put a DMS system that is 
100% visibility. His team should be on SFA along with our team, and it's 
clearly understood how many shops this person is responsible for, and what 
share in that place. So, this way we complete the entire states and appoint 
multiple distributors. 
 
Apart from that, there are some very large dealers who would want to buy 
directly from the company, and we also appoint those very large dealers as the 
direct dealers. So, this is the process by which we do, and we are gaining very 
good traction due to this. The retail is very happy because of this. The stock 
availability is very good. The service levels have gone tremendously up. And 
therefore, we are seeing a very steep increase in the market shares in these 
states.  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
Achal: 
Perfect. If you could just help us with the market share for FY '22 in each of 
the categories? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
We don't have a very syndicated data on the market share. Therefore, I will 
stay away from quoting market shares.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur from ICICI Prudential 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead.  
Keyur: 
Sir, just want to ask when we implement this star rating, any thoughts or 
discussion with the authorities how strictly or how it will be monitored or 
implemented? And basically, just one fear is that if this is not implemented 
properly, then there will be a mustering of fake star rated fans, which are not 
compliant, but which would be lower in the price, and that may dent the 
organized players. So, just want to understand industry's efforts or your 
discussion with the authority, how this will be implemented? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Keyur, BEE star rating fortunately for fans is not being implemented for the 
first time. There are many other categories where the authorities have gone 
through the process of learning how to implement. The implementation 
challenges are there and will remain. However, there are strong processes, 
which the government has, in terms of ensuring regularly picking up the stocks 
from the market, checking reaching out to the manufacturer, and taking actions 
of the manufacturer where it is not as compliant. But yes, there would be 
challenges, but the government has done a very good job in ensuring that the 
BEE star ratings are well implemented across the country. 
Keyur: 
And second question, say, star rated, basically, it is mandatory to have a star 
rating. So, say star rated one and two or star rated one, two, three, all this will 
be similar to what our current fans are, and it will require lower technical 
change. Is that the correct understanding? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
No, Keyur. In fact, most of the fans in the market today do not qualify for single 
star. Most of the induction fans will have to be, that the specifications will have 
to be up to make them at least one star or two star. For five star, my own 
understanding is that as of now, only the BLDC fans will qualify for five star.  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Keyur: 
So, some technical changes are required, but still four-star induction motors 
can be used, but for five star, you will need a different motor and entirely 
different ecosystem.  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Till now, yes. Till now, yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikunj Gala from Sundaram 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Sir, I just need one clarification, like two comments which you made on the 
call. At one side we are saying there are already, you know, zero star inventory 
line with the leaders, and we also don't know how the competitions are 
positioned in terms of zero star, you know, inventory, and there can be a case 
of we might have to give some discount or the competition might have to give 
a discount. And in one of your other comment you mentioned you are still 
producing zero star fans. Just the dealers are asking for it. So, like my main 
question is, you know, like why are we producing even zero star today? And 
like these two comments seems to be contradicting, so just need clarification, 
you know. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
See, till December 31, we, all the manufacturers can sell the zero star. This no 
star fan, the prices is lower today. So, if some part of the trade wants to 
purchase the zero star and do not want to start with one star because that the 
price is higher, one has to continue to supply what the market requires. This 
will come to an end because if by the end of December we want to be exiting 
with zero inventory of zero star, and so would everybody else want to exit with 
that, most players would try to ensure that there is lesser of zero star produced. 
It's as I said, there is a strong process in place, a rigorous thing going on in 
planning so that the transition is well managed. It's about managing what the 
market wants versus that we should not end up with any zero star.  
Nikunj Gala: 
So, like in few of the markets where you mentioned where there is a 
requirement for the zero star, but where there is a, you know, inventory which 
is there are two states where zero star are not required, but there is not possible 
for move those inventory to there? You know, just I'm trying to understand, 
this is the case which happened in other sector also whether in auto when BS 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
IV transition happened, the OEM, you know, two three months ago started not 
producing those kind of vehicles and not give the most to the dealers. So, 
maybe at a industry level, some kind of arrangement that we won't produce at 
all and why to have those kind of dead inventory when we are going into Q4? 
Just want to understand that thought process.  
Rakesh Khanna: 
Nikunj, what you are saying is perfectly right, and the target is that we should 
not have any kind of a dead zero-star inventory. That's the target, and that's 
where a very rigorous planning process is being put in place. We will ensure 
that we are not having any pressures of liquidating any of the non-star 
inventory. We are very clear on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kacholia from Lucky 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Ashish Kacholia: 
And my question basically, sir, this change in the distribution model that we 
have kind of implemented, is it going to be for our entire portfolio of products 
and across the entire country or it was going to be like in pockets? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
The distribution through a master distributor is only in fans. And therefore, it 
is only in fans that we are making this change. In rest of the products, we 
anyway do not have the master distributor concept.  
Ashish Kacholia: 
So, this, basically, it will be a same distribution model now for across our entire 
product portfolio or we will have different distribution models for different 
product categories? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Like what? I have not understood your question. Sorry.  
Ashish Kacholia: 
No, I am just asking a simple question. Is our distribution model now uniform 
across the entire product range or it's going to be different for different product 
ranges? You change the model in fans.  
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, within fans you are talking product range? 
Ashish Kacholia: 
No, across different products, so lighting, fans.  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, lighting we are anyway direct. We do not have master distributor for 
anything else.  
Ashish Kacholia: 
So, everything comes to a direct platform now. Is that what you are saying?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
In these states, yes.  
Ashish Kacholia: 
And the rest of the states? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, where we have the MD structure, that will continue.  
Ashish Kacholia: 
So, one country, one distribution model, is that the objective eventually? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
No, Ashish, I mentioned this a while back, that we have taken these states, six 
states. We are stabilizing in these six states. We are not planning to take up any 
new state till we completely stabilize. Thereafter, we will evaluate. If any state, 
our market share consistently is not improving despite the efforts, we will 
choose to rejig in that particular state, but we have not taken any decisions as 
of now. But definitely, we value our Master Distributor structure hugely, 
because it's a phenomenal strength that we have. Some of the states we have 
excellent market shares, and the strength is our Master distributor. We would 
not want to touch those states.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Sir, one question on exports. You highlighted some 
issues there. My understanding is, you know, our best years have been about 
100 crore plus sales in exports and largely fans, almost like 7, 8% of total fan 
sales. Which is the largest geography facing this issue right now? And how 
long does it take to recover? Or is it already done with and 3Q, 4Q should be 
normalized? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
These are some states in the African markets where there is the political and 
economic turmoil, and from whatever we see, some part of the markets may 
take a little longer, but the larger part we are already started getting those orders 
back now. So, the reason is that fans is a very basic kind of a product. Even if 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
there is an economic and political turmoil, the basic necessity will remain. And 
therefore, even if the demand goes down, it will not go abruptly down. It will 
tend to come back.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
And lastly, assuming that by March '23, which you alluded earlier, that we are 
done with most of the states. You have already named, and the BEE rating has 
a clear picture by that point of time. We obviously enter the summer season 
stocking. Channel is settled down. Raw material prices are in favor, and your 
new factory also comes up somewhere around April, May. Everything put 
together, do we see next year margins going back to pre-COVID levels? I am 
talking about EBITDA margins going back to 8, 9%? Should fiscal '24 be a 
stable year? That's the question. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinod. Please go ahead.  
Vinod: 
Sir, you mentioned that the entire, all manufacturers will carry zero inventory 
of the zero-rated fans by December 31st. In your view, what is the likely 
channel inventory on December 31st? How many days do you think the 
channel would be carrying at that point of time? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Vinod, very difficult, because in case the channel picks up ahead of time and 
the whole restocking happens end of quarter 3, the channel will carry large 
inventory. And in case the restocking doesn't happen, and the restocking 
happens in initial quarter 4, then they will enter with a lot of vacuum. I do not 
have a clear visibility on that. We will see how the year ends. But I can only 
tell you, currently, the channel has a huge vacuum and channel will fill up 
before the season. It will either be end of the quarter 3 or the beginning of 
quarter 4. 
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next that is from the line of Chirag Lodaya from 
Valuequest. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Sir, I have only one question. So, in the states where you are moving from 
Master distribution to direct distribution, what would be the impact on margins 
because of this change in that particular state if we want to understand? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Chirag, there would not be any major impact on the margins, because you 
understand that there will be increased cost of reaching out to the trade. We do 
not see any gain in margins. That is likely to be neutral, but we do see 
significant gain in market share in the areas where we were going, and we see 
a very strong increase in retailer recommendation rate, the service level 
increase. That is what is going to be the main differentiator.  
Chirag Lodaya: 
So, sir, just wanted to know if there is no material change in profitability 
eventually, and you see increased service levels and improvement in market 
share. Then why not take whole of India gradually, you know, step-by-step? 
Why you want to just focus on states where you have low market share at this 
moment? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Because in some of the states, we already have very high market share, very 
good service levels. There is no reason to disturb that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Manoj 
Gori from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Gori: 
Sir, just one thing I need to understand is with regards to the transitioning from 
your zero rating fans to one, two, three and other star ratings, sir, how do you 
actually envisage the demand moving probably? How was your production 
planning? How do you see the behavior of channel? And what should be the 
price differential within star ratings? And accordingly, on a blended basis, how 
do you expect the realizations to move up?  
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, Manoj, I addressed this at length earlier. I just repeat it for you. First of all, 
we will stop manufacturing these fans, stop selling these fans from 31st 
December. We are aware that there has to be a transition, and there is a very 
strong process in place for planning and ensuring that the transition is smooth, 
and we are not stuck with any zero star rated. As far as the trade is concerned, 
the trade can continue to sell the non-star rated products till such time they 
have the stock. There is a cost advantage with the non-star fans, and that cost 
advantage is to the extent of anywhere between 3 to 10% depending on the 
kind of fan. It is still to be seen how the consumers will react to the star versus 
non-star ratings. Would the consumers prefer a low-priced non-star fan? Or 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
will the consumers prefer a star rated fans even at a high price? This all will be 
seen once the consumer comes into the market. We will understand it by the 
quarter 4, and that is where the unpredictability is there, and that's one of the 
reasons why the trade is playing the wait and watch scene as of now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will be taking the last question that is 
from the line of Gopal Nawandhar from SBI Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
I am not sure whether you have talked about this. Has industry taken any price 
cuts during the last quarter because of the decline in the raw material prices? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes. There are continuously price corrections being given not exactly as a price 
change, but in terms of schemes etc., some benefits have been passed on, and 
there would be some price corrections which will come now as the commodity 
prices have come, and the earlier high-cost inventory is getting liquidated. 
There will be some price corrections, which will come. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
Can you quantify? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Difficult to say, because they vary a lot based on different categories, different 
fans. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
And what kind of price increase one should expect because of the changes in 
the star rating? Because considering the raw material prices are falling, will it 
be required to take any price increase or it can still offset that? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
The price, you are right, that there will be some price drops and some price 
increase. You are absolutely right. What I can say is that the difference between 
the non-star and star rated fans, there will be a price difference of anywhere 
between 3% to 10%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now have the 
conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal for his closing comments.  
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks everyone, and thanks management for giving us this opportunity to 
host this call. Management, any closing remarks that you want to make? 
Thanks. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
November 4, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Rakesh Khanna: 
No, thank you, Deepak. Thank you for hosting, and thanks to all the 
participants for joining and your continued interest. We are very bullish going 
forward. We believe that the season is going to be good. I want to wish all of 
you happy festive season and the coming year. Looking forward to a good 
quarter 3. Wish you all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Pvt. Ltd., 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. And you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
