J'1 
1101? Clublvtahindra 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
Corporate Office: Mahindra Tower, 1st Floor, "A' Wing, Dr. G.M. Bhosle Marg, P.K. Kurne Chowk, Worli, Mumbai - 400 018. 
t: +91 22 6918 4722 
Registered Office : Mahindra Tower, 2nd Floor, 17/18 Patullos Road, Chennai - 600 002 t +91 44 3504 1000 f +91 44 3504 7778 
e: memberrelations@clubmahindra.com / www.clubmahindra.com / CIN: L55101TN1996PLC036595 
 
 
November 9, 2022 
 
MHRIL/SE/22-23/75 
 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra E, Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: MHRIL 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533088 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 - 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Ref:   Our letter no. MHRIL/SE/22-23/67 dated October 10, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
This is furtherance to our letter no. MHRIL/SE/22-23/67 dated October 10, 2022, wherein the 
advance intimation of the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Thursday, November 
3, 2022 with Several Funds/ Investors/ Analysts on the financial and operational performance of 
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 was submitted to the Stock Exchanges. 
 
In compliance with SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call which is also hosted on the website of the Company www.clubmahindra.com.   
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhanraj Mulki 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
DHANRAJ 
NARSAPPA 
MULKI
Digitally signed by DHANRAJ NARSAPPA MULKI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1193, 
pseudonym=4827c2d2f260d0475c429c53607582d2
b310a5bb3979113626bd03ddc04a390e, 
postalCode=400104, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=1ac55b96ed3ba12ee51acf3f4b328ac1
14b6888ba4995bbafd72a2952aca7dbd, 
cn=DHANRAJ NARSAPPA MULKI 
Date: 2022.11.09 17:05:15 +05'30'

4 Chub Mahindra 
CEubMahindra 
CHOR 
L' 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd. 
Q2 & H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAVINDER SINGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
 
MR. SUJIT VAIDYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Mahindra Holidays & Resorts Limited Q2 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Faraz Ahmed from Orient Capital. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Faraz Ahmed: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to the Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call of Mahindra Holidays & Resorts Ltd. Today on this call we have; Mr. Kavinder Singh, MD 
and CEO along with Mr. Sujit Vaidya, CFO. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations as of 
today and actual results may differ materially. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. A detailed disclaimer statement is already given on 
Page 61 of the company's investor presentation which has been uploaded on the stock exchange 
and the company's website as well. 
With this, I now hand over the conference call to Mr. Kavinder Singh, MD and CEO of Mahindra 
Holidays & Resorts India Ltd. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kavinder Singh: 
Good evening everyone and a very warm welcome for our quarter 2 FY23 earnings call. On the 
call with me today, we have Mr. Sujit Vaidya, our CFO. We have uploaded our results, as well 
as Investor Presentation for Q2 FY23 on the stock exchanges yesterday and on our company 
website. I hope you have all had a chance to go through them.  
And let me begin, first of all, by sharing that it gives me immense happiness to report that we 
actually produced another set of strong results for the quarter. Our focus on family vacations is 
holding us in good stead. Our members continue to travel during the monsoon season, usually a 
lean season for travel. As you know today, leisure is a megatrend, and we are at the forefront of 
benefiting from it. One interesting statistic I would like to share with you is that, the leisure 
accommodation continues to garner high ARRs, RevPARs at a very significant premium, almost 
double, compared to business hotels. 
In the short to medium term, the leisure demand is expected to outpace supply. We are 
witnessing strong tailwinds - growing domestic air travel almost doubled from July’21 to July’22 
and stands at about 19 million in July '22 and has gone up further to 20.5 million. Higher demand 
for leisure holidays, staycations, drivable leisure destinations, shorter getaways multiple times, 
workcations, a lot of outdoor activities, preference for new and immersive experiences, 
willingness of travelers to invest in a rejuvenating vacation sustainably are some of the trends.  
We, at Mahindra Holidays achieved industry-leading occupancy during the quarter at about 79% 
versus 73% in the same quarter last year. This is even more important to note, since this 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
occupancy is 6 percentage points higher, even though we expanded our room inventory by 500 
keys over the past year.  
Specifically in this quarter, we have added 2 new resorts, totaling 116 keys, demonstrating our 
focus on accelerating inventory with an objective of un-constraining supply in order to drive 
growth in member additions. The same momentum of occupancy has continued in October '22 
as well and the occupancy closed at about 82.5%. We have very good business on books in 
November and December, and we are confident of achieving about 84% to 85% occupancies for 
the quarter, October, November, December.  
I am encouraged to also report that our product continues to resonate with our prospects, 
especially given the inflationary backdrop, which actually increases the appeal of VO 
membership for leisure travelers. We continue to strengthen our business through diverse 
product portfolio and multi-destination strategy with increasing choices. We are meeting the 
expectations of today's travelers through enhanced benefits, omnichannel engagement and focus 
on new and immersive experiences.  
Before I go ahead further with numbers, I just wanted to share with you that through Club 
Mahindra Horizons, our internal exchange program, we have partnered with 400+ hotels and 
Club M Select provides an increased level of access and new benefits to our members. This has 
streamlined the way we engage with our members. Both these programs are hugely successful 
programs. One provides access and benefits to members outside the system, whether it is 1 
million+ hotels or 12,000+ cruises and the Horizon program offers an exchange of the members' 
inventory to go to any of these 400+ partner hotels. This is an important step in our journey to 
evolve, what it means to be a Club Mahindra member and provides an even greater value 
proposition through membership. 
We have added ~4,400 members. This is a 12% year-on-year growth. Again, this is the highest 
number of members added in the quarter 2. And if you were to look at the sales value, it has 
grown by 93% on Y-o-Y basis and also our AUR stands at INR 4.4 lakhs. AUR increase has 
also been due to better sales mix, a bit of price increase and Corporate Sales of INR 24 crores.  
With this, our cumulative member base at 2,74,000 approximately of which 85% of the members 
are fully paid. We have focused on driving better product mix and we have conducted campaigns 
for DSA acquisitions, which has led to 18 new DSAs being added during the quarter, which will 
help in growing the sales through the DSA route even further. Our upgrades have gained 
significant momentum. They are double on a Y-o-Y basis due to higher on-site sales. As you 
know, on-site sales is -- on-site means in-resort sales. It's one of the big initiatives that we are 
driving and that's helping us to deliver this member monetization, which is increasing the 
upgrades by 2x. 
We are also working towards setting up in-resort sales at new locations and we added during 
this quarter, three new on-site sales location: one at Gir, another at Jaisalmer, third one at 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Khajuraho. Moreover, we noticed that vacations at our resorts and marketing activities in towns 
around our resorts helped increase the in-resort sales.  
The other new capability that I would like to highlight where we have made significant progress 
is sales through referral and digital; 57% of our member acquisition came through these routes 
in Q2 FY23. Diversifying how we reach our customer is a critical area of focus for us, especially 
as we expand our suite of products and experiences.  
Digital and referrals have become an integral part of how we engage with our members and 
prospects as a way to drive membership sales outside of our traditional sales channels. We 
launched a loyalty program for successful referrals to deepen engagement. The immediate 
benefit of this is high referrals from our purple season members, which augurs well for our 
business. Data science has enabled us to target members in a way which helps expand the 
coverage and effectiveness of referrals.  
Let me talk a little bit about our marketing and branding efforts. We continue to make excellent 
progress. Our campaign with Raveena Tandon, positioned Club Mahindra as a caring family 
brand from the perspective of a mother. The campaign was hugely successful reaching out to 
1.4 million viewers and garnering 2.9 million impressions. 
Our focus on acquiring quality members with higher down payment continue, and the results 
have been good in this area as well. Despite inflationary pressures, we have seen families 
appreciate vacation ownership as a preferred way to vacation in a period where hotel ARRs and 
travel costs are rising. We believe travelers have understood the clear benefits of owning a Club 
Mahindra membership in terms of the ease of planning vacations, increasing choice of resorts 
and experiences, spacious properties, large rooms allowing for multigenerational travel, more 
than three generations sometimes, leading to family bonding. 
Let me move on to the supply side, which is talking about the room inventory. As I mentioned, 
we added 116 keys through new resort in Mount Abu and Kathmandu, and extension of our 
existing resort in Sikkim, in Gangtok. In H1 FY23, we have added 200+ keys and if you compare 
the addition between Q2 last year and this quarter, we have added 500 rooms in just one year. 
This brings our total resort count to 86 with 4,700+ keys which means we are on a track to 
deliver our guidance of 5,500+ keys earlier than FY25. We will, of course, use acquisition, 
greenfield development, expansion of our existing resorts and add new long-term leases.  
Let me also inform you that we have sufficient land banks for our future expansion plans. We 
have commenced construction to expand our existing resort at Kandaghat, Shimla by 185 keys 
and after expansion this will become one of the biggest resorts of approximately 230+ keys at 
one location. While we await final approvals to break ground for another 240 key greenfield 
resort at Ganpatipule, which is overlooking the Arabian sea. 
We continue to evaluate acquisitions in terms of expanding our presence and that's something 
that's an ongoing process. We have made some headway in PPP projects, we have done a soft 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
launch of the Janjheli project in HP. In November, we will be able to add 24 rooms through this 
project. We have also been awarded a new redevelopment of the existing MTDC project at 
Harihareshwar in Maharashtra, which will also help us to take and to provide very, very high-
quality experiences to our members which are now growing day by day. Majority of our 86 
resorts are at driving distance from the cities, metros.  
Let me also share with you what -- there are some interesting data points that I want to share 
with you regarding the demand side. As we are returning back to normal business activity, our 
occupancy moved up, but more importantly, the occupied room nights have also touched 
100,000 room nights a month. This is the highest ever occupied room nights in quarter 2, which 
is a growth of 27% on a year-on-year basis. And as I already mentioned, this is despite addition 
of 500 rooms over the past year. 
As I have mentioned on various calls in the past, we have taken initiatives to create superlative 
member experiences to enhance member spends and improve member engagement. You would 
appreciate that the highest ever Q2 resort income of INR 68 crores which is a growth of 34% Y-
o-Y would have only come through three means: number one, increase in inventory; number 
two, increase in occupancy on the expanded base; and number three, higher spends by members 
on our unique food and beverage offerings and activities. 
Just to name a few, we have done a lot of unique dining experiences, which include Mexican 
food festivals, Rajasthani food festival, Awadhi cuisine, specialized chefs creating signature 
authentic dishes and therefore creating magical moments for our members. We have opened a 
new barbecue bay in Kumbhalgarh, and that's also now gaining good momentum, which is 
absolutely a new concept in our F&B offering. It's present in few resorts, but Kumbhalgarh this 
is a new restaurant that we created. 
If I look towards the rest of the year, our occupancy trends are growing. October, December 
period, I already talked about due to the festive and the year in travel demand, we are likely to 
show very good occupancies.  
I would also like to add here that we have increased our investment in Rocksport to 23.4% as on 
September’22. We believe this will help us to increase customer engagement avenues, including 
driving vacation traffic of local tourists to our resorts because of the unique offerings. It will 
help us to drive in-resort sales and of course through cross-selling of products.  
We have undertaken price increases across our F&B services in November’21 and April’22 and 
we have been managing our operating cost fairly smartly through bulk procurement of fuels for 
pan-India requirements and sourcing of key raw materials across resorts in a centralized manner 
and of course, manpower optimization at resorts through upskilling and parallelly adding 
alternative energy sources. You will be happy to know that solar power is installed at 21 resorts 
now with 4 megawatt capacity. 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
During the current quarter, our business operations have moved into Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, 
which includes the lead generation activities there. Our brand campaigns have helped us to boost 
our member additions in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. We have also witnessed a very high level of 
resort operations due to increase in inventory and high occupancy. We are investing in efforts in 
deepening our market reach, sharpening our brand proposition and communication. Alongside, 
we will continue to create new products to meet evolving customer needs. 
Let me move on to the ESG aspects of our business. Our aim is to achieve carbon neutrality by 
2040 through EP100. We are the signatories to EP100, RE100 and science-based targets. We 
have been judged as the winner of the IGBC Green Champion Award 2022 under the category 
of Pioneer and hospitality sector with the highest number of Green resorts in India. 8 Mahindra 
Holidays resorts are Green resorts, Platinum-certified.  
We have made excellent progress in waste, net zero water, net zero energy commitments. We 
intend increasing the number of resorts which are certified net zero waste and net zero energy to 
almost double digits. 4 resorts are currently certified as zero waste to landfill certification. 
Rainwater harvesting structures have been installed in 20 resorts. 55% of the total water 
consumed by our resorts has been recycled in H1.  
Under Project Hariyali, we planted 12,000 trees in H1 FY23 and since last 10 years, we have 
crossed 0.5 million trees plantation, and we intend to take this to 1 million trees plantation in the 
next 7 years. Finally, we have been always mindful of the impact that we have on the 
communities where we live and work and we strive to give back as much as we can. 
On this note, I will quickly share with you the numbers. If you look at the standalone revenue, 
our income for the Q2 stands at the highest ever INR 302 crores, which is up 19% Y-o-Y. If you 
were to exclude the one-offs in the Q2 of FY22. The Q2 VO income grew by about 16% on a 
Y-o-Y basis by INR 29 crores, largely driven by higher sales, better sales mix. We continue to 
spend on cost of acquisition and sales efforts in line with pre-pandemic levels. 
Q2 resort income at INR 68 crores with improved occupancies as I mentioned earlier and the 
best part is, it's 54% up from pre-pandemic levels. Resort costs are also increased in line with 
inventory increases and normalization of operations post-pandemic.  
If I look at H1, it's -- the performance is extremely impressive. Total income at INR 606 crores 
standalone basis, 30% Y-o-Y, excluding one-offs. Resort income at INR 152 crores, which is up 
130.6% on Y-o-Y basis. If I were to move on to the profits and margins. Our EBITDA is up by 
12.4% on a Y-o-Y basis, excluding one-offs. Our margin EBITDA is very healthy at 27.5%. 
Important to note that EBITDA margin is higher by 500 basis points versus pre-pandemic levels 
(Q2 FY20), despite addition of 1,100 rooms from Q2 of FY20.  
Profit before tax is up by 5%, excluding one-offs and margin at a very healthy 14%. If I were to 
compare this to the pre-pandemic levels, Q2 FY20, the profit before tax has actually increased 
by 50% and margin expansion is of the order of about 270 basis points, while once again, 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
reminding you that we added 1,100 rooms between Q2 FY20 and Q2 FY23. The Q2 FY22 
EBITDA and PBT had benefited from lower expenditure driven by reduced business activities 
due to pandemic and of course, one-offs, which include lease rent waivers and interest on tax 
refund. The total value estimated is about INR 15 crores. Rather, it is very clear that lease 
waivers and interest on tax refund amount to about INR 15 crores. Overall, we have been able 
to grow EBITDA as well as profits and Profit After Tax stands at INR 31 crores. And profit after 
tax margin is at 10.2%, which is up 300 basis points versus pre-pandemic (Q2 FY20).  
If I were to look at H1, the performance becomes even more impressive. As you know, Q1 was 
a seasonal quarter for us. We had 89% occupancy. We had some great performance that we had 
talked about in Q1. So EBITDA for H1 is at about INR 167 crores, up 17.2% Y-o-Y, excluding 
the one-offs in the Q2. EBITDA margin at a healthy 27.6%; PBT grew 14% Y-o-Y, margin at 
14.4%. H1 EBITDA and PBT also were benefited in the FY22. There was a benefit, which was 
driven by reduced business activities and one-offs, which I mentioned earlier, and that's largely 
true for Q2. Profit After Tax for H1 stands at INR 65 crores. PAT margin at 10.6%, which is up 
by 360 basis points versus pre-pandemic (H1 FY20).  
I would like to spend maybe a few minutes on the expenses because some of you may have 
questions on the employee benefit expenses. Let me try to answer them straight away. The 
employee benefit expenses have increased, driven by the headcount increase due to higher sales 
operations and additional room inventory. There has been a normalization of business operations 
and some level is increased due to the annual increment that we have given to our team members. 
Sales and marketing expenses increased in line with an additional sales of INR 94 crores. And 
therefore, the sales and marketing expenses increase is very, very minimal considering the 
additional sales that we were able to get during this quarter. Rent has increased in line with 
additional rooms -- and this is lease rent, actually in the past year, Q2 FY22 received major 
waivers, and that's something that -- that's why the increase looks larger because of the reduced 
base in Q2 FY22 due to the waivers.  
And if I were to focus on balance sheet and liquidity, deferred revenue for the quarter has 
increased by INR 63 crores, which is again the highest ever. And now our deferred revenue 
stands at INR 5,199 crores, almost INR 5,200 crores. We continue to be a zero-debt company at 
a standalone level. Our cash position is at a healthy INR 1,018 crores, post-loan repayment of 
EUR 25 million to Mahindra Holidays Mauritius. We have also generated INR 230 crores of 
operating cash in H1. Our cash reserves have been strong due to higher resorts revenue, more 
member additions, better upgrade revenue. We have been driving higher down payments, lower 
EMI tenures. This is helping us to improve our cash position. However, we have been parallelly 
controlling costs in all areas of operations, and that's what leads to this level of operating cash 
and cash position.  
Let me switch over now to Holiday Club Resorts. Holiday Club Resorts is fundamentally an 
asset-light model, where all the spa resorts are on long-term lease and most of the timeshare 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
inventory is built and sold simultaneously. Some level of inventory of timeshare is with us, 
which is something that we constantly use this for selling as well as for renting.  
Russia-Ukraine war intensified during Q2 FY23. Inflationary pressures, spiraling energy cost 
has definitely led to poor consumer sentiment. Despite these challenges, HCR delivered stellar 
business performance in Q2. Spa hotels delivered 70% occupancy during the quarter, higher 
than the local hotel industry. This reflects the consumer confidence in the core value proposition 
of Holiday Club and the strong brand equity that Holiday Club enjoys. 
If you look at the financials, we have achieved strong revenue growth, excluding one-offs 
because last year, in the Q2, there were one-offs, which included the government subsidies, and 
there were other one-offs of EUR 1 million. So total EUR 2.6 million one-off was the impact in 
Q2 of FY22. If you were to exclude that, our revenue growth on a like-to-like basis is 14% and 
EBITDA growth at a very healthy rate of 23% year-on-year. The timeshare sales has grown by 
12%. The revenue from spa hotels has increased by 16%. The total turnover has increased by 
about 8% as reported. And we have seen excellent performance in Finland, Sweden, and 
Canaries in terms of the top line. Of course, their margins got hit by the inflationary factors and 
yet HCR delivered a positive EBITDA of EUR 1.9 million, which is a significant achievement. 
Overall PBT in Q2 is positive at EUR 300,000 and is higher compared to Q2 FY22, if you 
exclude the one-offs. As I mentioned, last year, profits include one-offs of EUR 1.6 million in 
the form of government subsidies for COVID region and other one-offs of EUR 1 million.  
If I were to look at the outlook, and this is a question you will have in your mind, the best part 
is that despite the Russia-Ukraine war, the travel sentiment was buoyant for the domestic Finnish 
travelers including in Sweden and Canaries. And this summer season went off very well in terms 
of travel. The current geopolitical situation, definitely, we are monitoring. Lot of cost 
management measures have been introduced to ensure the margin is protected.  
At a consolidated level, we had the highest ever Q2 total income of INR 627 crores, which is up 
6% Y-o-Y and EBITDA margin at 23.2%. And if I were to look at H1 performance, which is 
even more creditable is total income at INR 1,264 crores, up 25% Y-o-Y. And if I were to look 
at the profit after tax of INR 71 crores consolidated level, it is up by 86% Y-o-Y. 
In conclusion, I would like to summarize. We are focusing on adding very high-quality members, 
which have a higher propensity to spend on F&B and experiences, driving resort income. And 
you can see the benefits of that have already come in the first quarter, INR 84 crores, in the 
second quarter, INR 68 crores. All of this is coming due to a higher number of members 
holidaying, higher number of rooms and of course, higher spends on F&B and experiences. We 
are reaching a very healthy momentum in member additions by building our sales capabilities 
and undertaking various brand-building initiatives and our reach is expanding now to Tier 2 and 
Tier 3 locations. Sales through referral and digital routes is definitely accelerating. 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
We have, one of the other things which is extremely important is that during the periods of high 
inflation, we now realize that our customers value our product, and this should auger well for us 
in the future. We have developed very strong data science and analytics capabilities to gain 
insights from member behaviors and past seasonal occupancies. Using that, we are able to drive 
occupancies across varied destinations using artificial intelligence, which we continue to 
develop. Further, we have driven significant traction in digital engagement with our members as 
well as digital transactions such as prepurchase packages of F&B and activities. Our inventory 
acceleration program continues, as I mentioned. Importantly, we are strongly continuing on our 
growth path with the combination of revenue growth, along with our cost efficiency initiatives, 
resulting in strong operating and net profits with margins well ahead of pre-pandemic levels. 
In summary, I would say our compounding story is stronger than ever through acceleration of 
room inventory, growth in member base, leading to multiple annuity revenue streams, which are 
growing. And on Holiday Club Resorts, I'm very confident that barring the geopolitical situation 
that we are dealing with, the performance has been outstanding. The team is well poised to drive 
business growth and will benefit further once the macroeconomic situation improves. 
Quarter 3 is not a seasonal quarter for HCR. Quarter 4 is a big quarter driven by the holidaying 
season, which is driven by the domestic skiing demand and Quarter 4 bookings are looking good. 
Quarter 3 will also sometime in December pick up, and we believe that Quarter 3 and Quarter 4 
performance of HCR will be significantly superior than last year given the current situation that 
we see, despite the macroeconomic headwinds. And therefore, even at Mahindra Holidays, I 
have already talked about, and therefore, the consolidated results in Q3 and Q4 are expected to 
be significantly better than last year. 
On that note, I would like to open up to the audience for the questions. Sujit is with me. Over to 
the Chorus team person. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone, who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Khetan: 
Good evening, Kavinder and Sujit and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just one 
question from my side. We've seen a good uptick in the member additions this quarter. So do 
you see an acceleration from here? Or is the consumer sentiment a bit subdued given the macro 
situation? And how should we think about a sustainable quarterly run rate adjusting for 
seasonality? 
Kavinder Singh: 
So the good news that we are seeing is that the seasonality at least as far as member additions 
are concerned, is more or less ending. In fact, even if we look at resort occupancies, I mean while 
we say July, August, September is a seasonally low quarter, but we delivered 79%, we used to 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
be always at 70%-72%. So one of the megatrends that I am seeing is that the seasonality in travel 
at least is coming down because of increased connectivity and ability for people to work from 
anywhere, including work from our resorts. So that is definitely helping in occupancy, and that 
is definitely helping in people thinking of holidays and buying membership irrespective of the 
season. 
Now coming back to your earlier question as to what kind of traction do we see? As far as we 
are concerned, if you look at our last four quarters and that includes the pandemic period as well, 
we have been clocking almost above 4,000, and this time, we went up to 4,400. We are definitely 
gearing up for even bigger numbers, and I believe Q3 and Q4, you will see better numbers and 
bigger numbers than what we have delivered so far. 
Amit Khetan: 
Any number you can put to that in terms of -- should we expect like a 5,000 kind of a number 
going forward or should it be at the same, slightly better run rate? 
Kavinder Singh:  
Yes. So just to give you a philosophy and our perspective, we constantly focus on new initiatives. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Amit Khetan, we would request you to please mute your line because there is echo which is 
coming, at least while management is answering your question. 
Amit Khetan: 
 
Sure. Just a minute. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you very much. Sir, you may please go ahead. 
Kavinder Singh: 
So just one thing I wanted to mention that as management or operating management, our focus 
is to drive initiatives which are going to lead to member additions, whether it is the product mix 
that we have, whether it is the geographies that we are targeting, that is why I spent a lot of time 
explaining how we are adding new DSAs, new in-resort sales locations. Our idea would be to 
create significant brand pool for our brand, use referrals and digital as a strategy and a number 
is just an outcome. We are obviously aiming for higher numbers. 
So therefore, we normally do not fix a number or give a number that we will achieve, but we are 
aiming. And most importantly, please note one thing in mind, we are also looking at a value-led 
strategy and our value of the membership sales grew by 93% on a Y-o-Y basis, which led to the 
deferred revenue going up by INR 63 crores. So therefore, we would like to not only grow the 
count but also the value. And because you know that in deferred revenue, the more we put the 
more will come in, and that is a long-term way of running the business. And therefore, we do 
not want to compromise on that. And also higher down payment paying members is something 
that we want to focus on, which we have been doing, which eventually leads to higher resort 
incomes. If you see the compounding story that is playing out for us, the way our margins are 
expanding, the way our incomes are expanding, it's all happening because we are pressing all 
the levers in a very-very balanced way, which is helping us to not only grow the members but 
also their value. 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Amit Khetan: 
Understood, just one quick book-keeping question. How much would be the corporate numbers 
in this quarter? And is this a thing that is going to be a regular feature, or was this a one-off 
thing? 
Kavinder Singh: 
So the corporate business is of the order of about INR 24 crores in this quarter. We constantly 
seek to add corporate memberships and by the nature of that business, it's very difficult to predict 
what would be the number in the next quarter because you always have a pipeline and truly 
depends on the corporate appreciation of our product proposition. So that is something that 
sometimes comes and sometimes we don't see any number in the quarter. So really no forecast 
here. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, may we request Mr. Amit Khetan to please rejoin the queue we have 
participants waiting for the turn. Thank you. Participants, in order to ensure that the management 
is able to address questions from all participants, please limit your questions to two per 
participant. If you have a follow-up question, you may rejoin the queue. The next question is 
from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart Sync Services. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers in terms of room addition and members addition. So 
my first question would be related to the three initiatives which we started post the pandemic or 
during the pandemic, which are Club M Select, Horizon and then our partnership with 
Rocksport. So just if you can give some color as to -- as in all these initiatives started at the 
height of the pandemic. And now that the pandemic is behind us and things are opening up, how 
do we see these things panning out? And how do we see it, say, one year, two years down the 
line? Because I suppose right now, very few members would be using the facilities of these three 
initiatives? 
Kavinder Singh: 
Right. So the three initiatives are vastly different. Let me just quickly explain the initiatives. The 
Horizon program is about an exchange program where members can exchange their room nights 
for going into partner properties in India and abroad. You are right, due to the pandemic, there 
was not much of a traction, but we have noticed in quarter 1 and quarter 2, people have used, 
and they have gone into the other properties by banking the room nights and paying us an 
exchange fee. And this is something that is of value to the customers and the whole idea behind 
the Horizon program and Club M Select program, basically, these two programs, is to create a 
Club. We are a Club, we are not just about a 7-night package. We create huge experiences and 
we want people to experience Club Mahindra World and also explore what Club Mahindra can 
bring through its ability to bring new partners and alliances. And that is why this idea of Horizon 
came in. We are the only vacation ownership company in the world which offers this kind of an 
exchange program on its own. Of course, RCI is always there for exchanges around the world. 
Now, if you were to come to the Club M Select, Club M Select is about a lifestyle program, 
which you can become a member. It's not automatic. The idea here is that you get access to 
because of our network, ability to tap into the global network, more than 1 million+ hotels, 
12,000+ cruises, and 70,000+ experiences you can buy in Indian Rupees. And we will be in a 
position to get discount ranging from 12% to 40% on the best available Internet rates. So the 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
idea here is to see how we can offer our members a world of lifestyle and privileges being a 
member of the club that they are beyond the Club Mahindra's 86 properties and 4,715 rooms 
that we have. So this is the core proposition. This helps us to strengthen our proposition and 
helps us to sell more memberships. And that is the whole purpose behind these programs.  
If I would to look at Rocksport. Rocksport is basically to drive engagement of the members in 
the resort primarily where Rocksport people create adventure activities, soft adventure for the 
family, and that helps members to engage in their vacation, in adventure activities, in a very safe 
and very-very well-planned adventure activities. Equally, Rocksport is present in some of the 
cities, members can use them, then they are back into their home cities as well as we target the 
Rocksport customers for making them our members. So this is the idea behind the Rocksport, 
and that's obviously an idea which is about cross-selling, upselling, engagement, creating unique 
experiences, and that is how this whole association is all about. As far as traction is concerned, 
Horizon has seen good traction. Club M Select is picking up, and Rocksport in the resort is 
seeing very-very good traction, Yes. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
And my second question would be, sir, if you look at the Slide No. 17 on our presentation where 
we have given a snapshot of our balance sheet. So we have made a clear distinction in the 
deferred revenue, how much of it is pertaining to VO and how much of it is ASF. It would be 
great if you can do the same kind of granularity in case of trade receivables also if that is possible 
for you? That's my only point. Thank you. 
Sujit Vaidya: 
This is Sujit here. In terms of the receivables, as you would appreciate that from the customer 
perspective, it is one single account and that's why we have not given because we have to collect 
each and every Rupee from the customer, whether it would be ASF or VO, the membership 
itself. So that is why we have not given, but we do have the information and we can always share 
that if it's of any value to it. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
 
Then I'll connect with you separately for that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one. The next question 
is from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sir, my question was on HCRO. As we expect your performance to be good in Q3 and Q4 thanks 
to the season, should we expect a similar profitability in that segment, as well? 
Kavinder Singh: 
So what happens, Deepak, is that, as I mentioned, that Q3 is actually not a seasonal quarter. It 
only begins towards end December. So this is not the seasonal quarter, Q3. But we still believe 
the performance will be superior to last year. And Q4 is a seasonal quarter. If you notice in 
Holiday Club Resorts, the quarter 2 and quarter 4 are truly seasonal quarters. And as far as what 
I meant to what that if I were to put Q3 and Q4 together, we will definitely see a better 
performance even on an individual quarter basis than the last year. And that's because there are 
many things that have happened structurally. 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
There is a lot of cost tightening that has happened. Also, lot of initiatives have been launched to 
build the capability for selling timeshare as well as the spa hotels occupancies, including the 
lead management. And that is something that we believe will augur well for the Holiday Club 
Resorts in terms of numbers. As you yourself saw there is EUR 1.9 million EBITDA that came 
in Q2. And that's something that we are very happy about and Q4 is obviously a bumper quarter. 
So we don't have any doubt that on a year basis, our performance will be significantly superior 
to last year. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
So is it right to take away that Q3 would sort of breakeven and Q4 would be better than Q2 and 
you will do? 
Kavinder Singh: 
So if you look at the past performance, you are generally on the right track, but the only thing I 
would like to put you in a word of caution is the macroeconomic headwinds are what they are. 
And therefore, we are watching, as we have mentioned in our commentary, we are watching the 
situation closely. The travel sentiment, at least during summer did not take any beating, whether 
it was Finland, Sweden or Canaries amongst Europeans and we believe, and of course, a 
dominant traveler for us is Finnish in the domestic travel. So we are confident that the travel 
would continue. People would continue to spend time into their timeshare apartments, into spa 
hotels. And that is what when I'm saying you are to bear that in mind that that pattern I'm 
expecting to continue despite whatever I see today of the macroeconomic headwinds. And 
therefore, the overall comment on performance, I would not like to break the performance 
between Q3 and Q4. I would like to think in terms of H2, which is what I have stated. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And in terms of our resort income, we used to breakup resort income into holiday activities, 
F&B and room rentals, so if that could be provided for this quarter? And what was the run rate 
pre-COVID? 
Kavinder Singh: 
So talking about the resort income. The primarily one, as you know, that we do not have 
significant room rent income because the very limited occupancies, we give it out. However, 
most of that, predominantly the revenues are coming from the F&B side of things and a smaller 
portion from the spa and other holiday activities. Of course, with the initiatives like Rocksport 
that is going to go up in the future because the activity as we kind of rule it out in various of our 
resorts. Because of the predominant nature of being F&B, we have not given any further 
breakdown into the results. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And also, lastly, in Q3 and Q4 of last year, did we have any lease rental waivers or are there any 
one-off income last year? 
Kavinder Singh: 
Obviously, as last year, in the second half, we were pretty much out of the pandemic, except I 
think in Q4, we did have the Omicron-related lockdown and the lower occupancy and limited 
waivers but not really significantly. They were less than 1 crore in the Q4. Does that answer 
your question? 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Himanshu Shah: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. Sir, can you just provide more color on corporate 
deals that we have done, the nature of deal like what kind of product we have sold. And is it 
similar to our existing like 25-year product and 7 nights, the corporate customers a certain 
limited set of members would be eligible for those room nights? Or is it more of flexibility that 
any members of that corporate can travel and for what number of nights when we try to divide 
it by our AUR. Some more color, if you can just provide on the nature of sales that happens to 
corporate? 
Kavinder Singh: 
Yes. So basically, just to give you a flavor, this is not the first time we have sold the corporate 
product. We have many customers already today, which are corporate customers. And during 
COVID, of course, they didn't use much there. So what really happens in the corporate product 
is that we offer a set of points. We do not offer room nights at all. The points have a value, and 
that value translates into room nights. And who uses it is completely dependent on the corporate, 
they can give it as a reward and recognition, they can make it as a part of the perk. And therefore, 
every corporate uses it in their own way. But let us be very clear amongst ourselves, this is not 
a dominant part of our business. Our majority of the business is a pure-play B2C business. This 
is the B2B2C business, in which points-based product helps us. And typically, if you look at 
tenures, generally, they would be 10-year tenures. We do not have a 25-year tenure corporate 
product. 
Himanshu Shah: 
And in terms of members, then how do we count that as part of our member base and if it's like 
a 25-year deal and a 10-year lease number if the AUR is ‘X’ number, do we divide by that AUR 
to arrive at our number addition counts or… 
Kavinder Singh: 
Himanshu, what we do is we do not add members who are -- so first of all, the corporate can 
decide to increase or decrease the number of people who will use, whether they will use 2 nights 
or 3 nights or 4 nights or 5 nights, and they choose to burn different points if it's a part of reward 
and recognition. So really, we do not add that to our member count, which is fair, in my view, 
because it's a dynamic and a floating number. And as I said, since it is not significant, we don't 
worry much. And they are obviously logged into the same system for their availability, 
depending on the power of the point, they can give that to burn more points if they have to go 
higher up in the season. And the number of people who would holiday would be a function of 
who choose to holiday, even though they may have a perk, some people don't use it. There is a 
breakage there as well. So we don't add that into our member base. It is a corporate account and 
people can use it, and we do not worry about it much because it's very insignificant as compared 
to our total number base. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nemish Shah from Emkay Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Nemish Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So I had a question on the member to room ratio. So 
this quarter, we clocked about 58, the number was at 58. And historically, we have seen the 
numbers go as high as 72. So I just wanted to know that based on our experience so far and the 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
occupancy trends, what is the sweet spot that we would like to target the member to room ratio 
to be at? 
Kavinder Singh: 
So you're right. I mean, in the past, it used to be high, and we are now trending well below 60. 
And see, as I mentioned maybe earlier sometimes that some of the members do not holiday every 
year for various personal reasons of theirs, but they can accumulate. The product allows them to 
accumulate up to 21 days. So technically, they need not holiday for three years if they don't want 
to. 
The second reason is that some of them may not be eligible because they may not be up to date 
on their dues. So there is always in and out of those buckets, members come in and out of that. 
And as a result of which, I am very-very comfortable up to 60:1, 55:1 even better. And so we 
would like to remain around 60:1 or even lesser than that if we are able to. 
As you know, inventory additions are always lumpy, while member additions are reasonably 
predictable and can be predicted. So there is, sometimes you may have a situation where it may 
move from 55 to 58. I don't think we should worry too much about it because we have even 
today only 79% occupancy or the max that we reached in April and June was 89% despite these 
ratios. So really, there is still a lot of headroom for us to fill our rooms. 
Nemish Shah: 
 
And just one last data point. Can you just give the mix of the leased and the owned properties? 
Kavinder Singh: 
Yes. So typically, lease, by the way, whether they are leased or owned, they are managed by us. 
There are only some leases where we do a tie-up with a good brand and where we don't manage. 
But typically, if I were to take leasing and owned, I think, currently, Sujit, the ratio is 55:45, 55 
owned and 45 leased in terms of the room nights. 
Sujit Vaidya: 
 
That's correct. That's the way it usually goes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question, may press star and one. The next question 
is from the line of Dhvaneet Savla from an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
Congratulation on a good set of numbers. I have two questions. One is on the Club Mahindra 
plan and other on the Holiday Club plan. My first question is with regards to the Club Mahindra 
that, is there any particular thought process or is there any policy which we actually hold when 
we are trying to evaluate the addition of any new resorts or we may be leased or owned? And is 
there related minimum requirement of profitability or anything which we are looking into per 
se, since our both business model is different from other hotels? 
And secondly, on Holiday Club, I just wanted to get a little bit more color on when do we see 
the profitability levels coming back to higher levels? And since it's a large, it forms a large chunk 
of on our financials, if it comes into profitability that will be really great for us as a company, 
right? 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Kavinder Singh: 
So your first question is around how do we pick resorts? How do we know what will fit us? So 
obviously, there is a bit of a science, there's a bit of an art here, because it's important that the 
location is right. Sometimes these are back or beyond locations, you have to take your risk and 
hope that people would like, even though the location may not be very ideal or, let's say, not 
even close to the city. So we have taken multiple bets on the locations. 
Now, when it comes to type and they have worked well for us because of our deep understanding 
of our customers & our members holidaying habits. So that is very innate to us, that's core to our 
business. The second bit, which is important is that does the resort have a look and feel, which 
our members are comfortable with. So we have definitely some set of requirements checklist, 
but let me confirm this to you, this is not a checklist approach alone. We need to have a feel as 
to what our customers will like because we have created many resorts of our own. So we 
understand we are not just an aggregator. We are a creator of resorts and destinations. So we 
understand what works and what doesn't work, and that we try to see when we look at the 
property for leasing. So it's a combination of data, hard data. It's a combination of physical 
location and a combination of the facilities, amenities, look and feel that the resort offers, 
obviously, including the room sizes and the quality of furnishings, etc. 
So it's a very complex thing, but it comes to us naturally because we are in this business. And 
there is a team which full time works on this area, that's a business development team. Then 
obviously at certain levels I personally go and have a look at the resort before we take a decision, 
that this will be leased or we will buy. So this is how it goes, the process of resorts. And if we 
find that the resort is not doing well in terms of occupancy or customer experience for whatever 
reason, we also exit the resorts. And I can name few resorts where we have exited when we 
found that it did not meet the requirement after trying it for some time. So that happens very 
rare, though, but it has happened because we remain focused on quality and customer experience, 
and that is something that is paramount to us. 
Your second question was on HCR. And your question was that if it becomes profitable, it will 
be good for us. The good news that I want to share with you is that it is any way profitable. It 
actually turned profitable literally in our second or third year, second year, I think, when we took 
over this company. It delivered an EBITDA of about EUR 12 million in I think, FY17. And that, 
after that, we have had various issues related to the environment around the, basically caused by 
COVID and the worsening situation that started sometime in February from Russia-Ukraine war. 
There were issues otherwise we would have seen a reasonable amount. 
By the way, despite all these problems, HCR has generated about EUR 33-odd million of cash 
in the last five years, which has helped them to pare down their debt from EUR 50 million to 
approximately EUR 20 million. So their own debt has come down. And we believe that the 
moment this Russia-Ukraine situation clears up, and in some days, it will clear up, we see them 
back to the levels that we have seen in the past, the peak levels. And thereafter beyond because 
the current management is focused on creating new levers of growth, whether adding new 

V 
40 
grir ClubMathindra  
 
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
timeshare locations or whether it is making spa hotels more profitable or whether it is increasing 
and improving processes all around. So that is the situation at Holiday Club Resorts. 
You are right, Holiday Club Resorts, giving on a consistent basis, profits, will definitely be a 
kicker to us, and we are working towards that. But structurally, the business is sound. It is just 
some unfortunate situations of COVID and now this Russia-Ukraine war, which has not allowed 
the business to demonstrate its potential at least in the last 2-2.5 years.  
Dhvaneet Savla:                     All the best for the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comment. 
Kavinder Singh: 
Thank you so much for coming for our earnings call. As I have always maintained that we learn 
a lot from your questions, and we constantly rejig, retool our strategies based on your insights 
and observations -- and with that, I would like to thank on behalf of me and Sujit and Mahindra 
Holidays Management, once again, thank you so much for taking your time off and for taking 
interest in our stock and our performance. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mahindra Holidays & Resorts Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
