 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Mahindra Towers, 5th Floor, Dr. G.M. Bhosale Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 018, India 
+91 22 6747 8600/8601 | www.mahindralifespaces.com 
CIN: L45200MH1999PLC118949 
Email: investor.mldl@mahindra.com 
 
 
November 9, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Services, 
Piroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Listing: http://listing.bseindia.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Listing: 
https://neaps.nseindia.com/NEWLISTINGCORP/ 
 
Re: 
Security 
BSE 
NSE 
ISIN 
Equity Shares  
532313 
MAHLIFE 
INE813A01018 
 
  
Sub : Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the 2nd quarter and half year 
ended on September 30, 2022 - Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
Ref : 
Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated October 13, 2022 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
This is further to our letter dated October 13, 2022, wherein we had given advance intimation 
of the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Friday, November 4, 2022, with 
several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds on the unaudited standalone and consolidated 
Financial Statement for the 2nd quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2022 (“Financial 
Results”).  
 
In compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of 
the Listing Regulations, we hereby inform you that the Company on Friday, November 4, 2022, 
concluded its earnings conference call with several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds on 
the Financial Results. Mr. Arvind Subramanian, Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Vimal Agarwal, 
Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Rabindra Basu, Sr. Manager, Business Analytics & IR attended 
the said call on behalf of the Company. The transcript of the said call hosted by the Company 
for the 2nd quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2022, has been attached herewith 
and also made available on the Company’s website at the following link, within the timeline 

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Mahindra Towers, 5th Floor, Dr. G.M. Bhosale Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 018, India 
+91 22 6747 8600/8601 | www.mahindralifespaces.com 
CIN: L45200MH1999PLC118949 
Email: investor.mldl@mahindra.com 
 
 
prescribed under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015: 
 
https://mldlprodstorage.blob.core.windows.net/live/2022/11/MahindraLifespaceDevelopers-
Q2-H1-FY23-earnings-call-transcript.pdf  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
For Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
 
Ankit Shah 
Assistant Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 26552 
 
 
    
  
 
ANKIT 
MANOJ 
SHAH
Digitally signed by ANKIT MANOJ SHAH 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=9372, 
pseudonym=06de19cac914d0399eb38ba
365f5e30073f56c1c56111aa437cd1d1c3e
60311e, postalCode=400067, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=82e40c93b4e5a9631cc148
d7176d0afeaedbcc34715c1305dcb14f5a6
a9399ab, cn=ANKIT MANOJ SHAH 
Date: 2022.11.09 11:50:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARVIND SUBRAMANIAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MAHINDRA 
LIFESPACE DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
MR. VIMAL AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MAHINDRA LIFESPACE DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
                                    MR. RABINDRA BASU– INVESTOR RELATIONS  – 
MAHINDRA LIFESPACE DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
                                      
 
 
 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arvind Subramanian, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 and H1 FY 2023 Earnings Call. 
I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call. As you are aware, many of 
our key operating entities from the residential business like Mahindra Home, Mahindra 
Happinest and as well as our IC & IC business, which is Mahindra World City Developers 
Limited, Mahindra World City Jaipur Limited and Mahindra Industrial Park Chennai Limited 
are not consolidated on a line-by-line basis, and I request you to view our results with that lens. 
My team has given me copious notes on commentary on the global macros as well as the sector, 
which with your indulgence and permission, I'm going to leave to experts on this call. Many of 
you know that better than I do. And I'm going to dive straight into a commentary on our 
performance over Q2 and H1. 
In my opening comments, I'd like to touch upon seven aspects of our performance. The 
residential sales, our cash position and collections, completions, some business development 
progress and outlook, our IC & IC business performance. I want, specifically, to talk about the 
joint venture that we announced with Actis and some comments on our sustainability journey. 
So if I look back at Q2, I think we've had a solid if not stellar, quarter. It builds on a very strong 
Q1 and I had mentioned at the end of Q1 on our earnings call that I do not expect the same one 
rate to be maintained. Q2 as you know, is a seasonally weaker quarter for residential real estate, 
particularly in Mumbai and Maharashtra because of the monsoon and the inauspicious period of 
Pitru Paksh. 
Despite that, our residential sales has been extremely strong. We've delivered close to INR 400 
crores, taking H1 to just above INR 1,000 crores, which is an important psychological threshold. 
I did tell the sales team that the difference between ending at INR 990 crores and INR 1,000 
crores is not just INR 10 crores. It's a lot more than that and I'm glad that they took up the 
challenge and were able to get us across the INR 1,000 crores psychological threshold. As you 
might recall, the entire FY '22, we did INR 1,028 crores. So seeing with that perspective, doing 
INR 1,000 crores in the first half sets us on a very strong footing for growth this year. 
In this quarter, we launched one new project, Mahindra Nestalgia in Pune. It is very well 
received, just under 70% of the units were sold within the quarter itself. And it's contributed 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
roughly 35% of the presales for residential for the quarter. The rest of the 65% is a broad-based 
sustenance contribution across projects, across locations. And this is a discipline that we have 
been maintaining and demonstrating for the last several quarters but there is a very broad-based 
contribution to our sustenance sales. 
The other important aspect I'd like to draw your attention to is very meaningful price hikes that 
we've been able to take within quarter 2, in some cases, as high as 6% to 8% within the quarter 
itself. And even in recent successful launches like Mahindra Eden and Luminare, which were 
launched in Q1, we've been able to take price up very quickly in the subsequent quarter results. 
We are lining up for a very strong second half of the year. We will be bringing roughly INR 
1,000 crores in GDV to market. This includes both new project launches as well as new phases 
of existing projects. To touch upon a few of them, the most important ones, we are bringing 
forward the second phase of Mahindra Eden, the first phase did extremely well. This has -- you 
know with India's first net-zero energy project launched in Bangalore in the first quarter. We 
sold about 90% of the inventory that was launched, and that has encouraged us to bring forward 
the second phase, which was originally planned for launch next year. And we will be bringing 
that to market this quarter, this weekend itself. So it starts tomorrow. 
This would be followed by Mahindra Happinest Kalyan 2, which we had pre-launched in 
February last year. We are reactivating that and doing a full-fledged launch later this month. The 
third launch that is lined up -- of a new phase launched that is lined up this quarter is Mahindra 
Happinest at MWC Chennai. Again, a very successful first phase launch where we sold out the 
entire inventory of 348 units within six months of its launch last year. So we are bringing the 
second phase, which is an equivalent equal number of units, another 348 units to market it this 
quarter. 
Looking further into the second half of the year, we will also be bringing our Pimpri land parcel 
that we acquired in April, to market in the second half of this year and are hoping to launch a 
plotted development in Mahindra World City Chennai in the second half of this year as well. In 
addition to these, Mahindra Nestalgia, which, as I mentioned, was a very successful launch in 
Q2, we are looking at bringing to the second phase to market in Q4. So all these put together 
gets us about INR 1,000 crores of new GDV to market in H2, and this will ride on top of the 
sustenance sales momentum that we have been demonstrated. 
Collections has been very robust, and this is, again, a good health indicator for the quality of 
sales that we are doing as well as the pace of construction. We have done INR 550 crores of 
collections in H1, which gives us very strong operating cash surplus and sets us up very well for 
growth in terms of new land acquisitions in the quarters to come. It's an indication that the cash 
cycle of the business is working very well. 
Residential completions in Q2 was an area which was muted. And that explains why the revenue 
recognition and profit in the P&L are low. However, H1 remained very strong. Overall revenue 
of INR 190 crores that is roughly INR 68 crores. One of the completions we were expecting in 
Q2, which slipped into October was our project, the first tower of our project Vicino in Mumbai, 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
but we received the OC in early October. So while it's not recognized in the Q2 financials that 
will come into Q3. 
Let me spend a little bit of time on business development. That's a question that I know many of 
you are keenly tracking. Let me start with an announcement or a positive news. Our Thane land 
parcel on Godhbunder Road, we've been able to get the SEZ denotification as well as other 
clearances to our development over the last couple of months. So we're now whole clear in terms 
of planning, which we've already initiated. This will be a mixed-use development, and we will 
be looking to bring a partner in for the commercial assets within that next year's development. 
We are targeting 15 to 18 months to launch this project. 
Overall, on the residential business development in the cities of Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore, 
we continue to pursue a strong pipeline. We were expecting one deal closure in Q2, but there's 
some final wrinkles that the landowner needs to iron out in terms of conditions preceding to the 
deal and we are hoping to be able to close this within Q3. 
Overall, there's a pipeline of roughly INR 5,000 crores of GDV, of which roughly INR 2,000 
crores are in very advanced stages of discussion and, fingers crossed, should get converted in 
the next two to three quarters. The good news is none of the high priority deals that we had kind 
of spoken about or indicated in the last quarter, none of them have fallen off the radar. They 
continue to be very much in our sights, and we are in pole position on all of those deals. So aside 
the redevelopment is an area that we had mentioned is going to be an area of focus for us, 
particularly in the Mumbai Metropolitan region. It continues to be an exciting space. 
We are in the final shortlist in two situations, both of which are taking longer to close, and that 
is the nature of the beast, unfortunately. In a society redevelopment, there are many members 
who weigh in on the decision. And very often, there are more reasons not to take a decision than 
to take a decision. We're finding it's taking a bit of time, but we continue to be fully focused as 
a management team and putting our best foot forward on those and continue to be, as I said, in 
a strong position.  
We are in the final shortlist. Kandivali, we had intimated to the stock exchange that the closure 
of the deal will get pushed out from the original envisaged timeline of 30th September,200. We 
are expecting it to close in the next few weeks, and everything is on track for that. There was 
just, again, one or two final clearances that were required from a CP perspective before we can 
close the deal. In the meantime, we have progressed on the design. We expect to be able to 
submit our drawing for approval by the end of this quarter and should be able to launch the 
project within six months thereafter. 
I also wanted to provide an update on Dahisar, which is a joint development transaction that we 
had announced in October last year. We have completed our schematic designs and are ready 
for approvals. However, there has been a stoppage of new CCs being issued in that immediate 
micro market because of a circular from the Airport Authority of India for some radar 
interference that they have seen because they have an airport radar which is just across from the 
site that we are interested in.  

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
We understand this conversational progress between BMC, the Maharashtra State Government 
and the Airports Authority of India at the center, and we expect this will get resolved in the next 
six months, after which we will be able to submit our plans which are ready for approval. And 
as I said, six months from there, we will be launch this. It remains a very attractive land parcel. 
It's got pushed out by a few quarters on the original plan because of this aviation issue. But the 
silver lining is in the meantime, the Metro line 2, which passes in front of the site has become 
operational. So that's further enhance the value of this development. And both partners, the land 
owner as well as us in a joint development, we have both committed to the deal, so working very 
closely with each other on this. There's no concern, per se for the deal.  
Turning attention to the IC & IC business. We've done INR 186 crores of leasing in the first half, 
INR 68 crores in the second quarter. So we continue to maintain a strong momentum in that 
business as well. Jaipur continues to be the major contributor, but we do expect Chennai to come 
to the party in the second half. There are some interesting deals that are built up there, and we 
are expecting those to close in the second half of this year. 
The strong lead pipeline that we have in the IC & IC business gives us confidence that we will 
have a good year in that business as well. Also, you would have perhaps picked up the news of 
Apple starting manufacturing at Mahindra World City, Chennai. Again, a good testament to the 
quality of facilities and the operations that we’ve run at Mahindra World Cities that we’ve been 
able to get such a marquee manufacturing client to start to set up operations there.  
Around a month back, we had announced a new joint venture with Actis to build specialized real 
estate for industrial and logistics clients. Let me touch upon the logic of this new joint venture 
and the role that we envisage for ourselves. So firstly, why did we do this deal? Build real estate 
for industrial and logistics is a growing asset class with very strong value creation opportunities. 
There has been lot of investment coming in, but we believe we are still in early days of that 
investment cycle. We see it as a strong adjacency to our existing IC & IC business. It, in many 
ways, provides an additional leg in terms of our new service offering, but also an annuity 
business opportunity within that segment of our business. 
And MLDL is one of the few developers amongst the organized developers or corporate 
developers who has had a successful track record in land aggregation or acquisition for industrial 
logs. There are very few developers in India who have been able to do that. How are we setting 
this up? It's going to be a separate Board managed and joint venture. We've kept it separate 
because this is a very capital-intensive business. Actis brings a strong financial capabilities and 
funds to the table. We've also kept it separate because we recognize that it requires very distinct 
operational capabilities from what we currently have in our IC & IC business. And therefore, 
the management team will be separate and our involvement will be largely through the Board 
rather than a direct management involvements. 
The other reason why this has been kept separate is this is a business that requires a lot of 
entrepreneurship and agility and an autonomous leadership team who are incentivized 
appropriately operating under Board supervision, we feel is the right talent model to address this 
rapidly evolving market. Why Actis and how are we setting up the partnership? We ran a very 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
rigorous process with the help of one of the banks. And Actis emerged as the frontrunner for 
several reasons, their intent and appetite for this business, their track record in real estate and the 
trust that we built through our partnership with them in Mahindra Homes were all major factors 
that firmed the decision to partner with them in this joint venture. We will be a minority partner. 
The structure of the investment will be an opco and a set of propcos. We will be a 26% partner, 
roughly, in that portfolio of businesses. The stakes could vary between 26% to 33% in the 
various propcos. 
We're also bringing roughly 100 acres of seed assets from our Mahindra World Cities into this 
joint venture. And expect the first phase of investment to be in the range of about INR 2,000 
crores, out of which, if you do the math, it will be about INR 700 crores of equity, 26% of that 
is roughly INR 180 crores. So if you look at bringing 100 acres of seed assets, then the total 
investment from MLDL side is of about INR 180 crores, we are cash positive from that 
perspective. There's no incremental capital being invested in this joint venture. 
Finally, I wanted to share a couple of highlights and achievements on the sustainability side. As 
you know, this has been a very important pillar of our strategy. Over the last quarter, we've been 
ranked a global sector leader among residential developers by the Global Real Estate 
Sustainability Benchmark, which is GRESB. As part of that, we've been Rank 1st in public 
disclosure. We have a 5-star rating and development benchmark and a 4-star rating in standing 
investors. We’ve also been recognized as the Climate Change Leader in India by CDP, and the 
only real estate company in the Leadership Band under CDP's Climate Change category from 
India. These are very strong endorsements of both our intent as well as actions on the 
sustainability side. Let me turn it over to Vimal to share the financial highlights. 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone. Moving on to the financial highlights for the quarter end for H1 
'23. The total consolidated income stood at INR 72 crores, as against INR 66 crores in Q2 F ’22. 
The consolidated profit after non-controlling interest stood at a loss of INR 7.7 crores as against 
a profit of INR 6.5 crores in Q2 F ‘22. The company has debt of INR 331 crores at consolidated 
level as per INDAS, while cash in bank balance, including short-term investments, stands at 
about INR 203 crores. Cost of debt is 7.2% on consolidated basis, while standalone Mahindra 
Lifespaces cost of debt is 6.9%. With this, I'll request if the lines can be opened up for questions, 
please. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. Anyone, who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone phone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. You may press star and one to ask a question. The first question is 
from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities Limited. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Congratulations on a decent quarter. My first question is on business development. So the last 
two quarters from -- or three quarters, our business development pipeline has been around INR 
5,000 crores and since April have not seen any conversions from this pipeline. So the first 
question is, why is the pipeline not growing? And what is causing the delay because we have 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
had like one lumpy quarter and, again, that was slowdown almost six, seven months. So when 
do we think Q3, you said that is a period where you will see some of these closings. So how 
confident are you that a INR 2,000 crores number can be achieved and whether you can surpass 
that because the INR 5,000 crores number is not moving. I would have believed that there could 
be some deals which could have added -- would have got added in this quarter and taken this 
number higher. So if you can give more granularity on this? And whether the redevelopment 
projects are included in this? The ones you said at least two, three opportunities where you are 
in shortlisted for kind of final closure? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Thanks, Parikshit. So the way to think about the INR 5,000 crores, while the number looks static, 
I would split it into two buckets. There's roughly INR 2,000 crores, as I mentioned, which is the 
advanced conversations or high probability, high priority kind of target. That has remained, more 
or less, stable for the last four or five months, and it's actually the same deals that are in that 
pipeline. As I mentioned, we've not lost any of them to competitors. We continue to be in a 
strong position and are progressing well on this. The back part of the INR 6,000 crores, there 
has been some additions and deletions on that. So we feel that, as I have mentioned in the past, 
we'd like to be at about INR 3,000 crores of GDV addition for this year. We've done INR 1,700 
crores in April. So looking to do another roughly INR 1,500 crores to INR 2,000 crores for the 
rest of the year. To get to that INR 5,000 crores to INR 6,000 crores pipeline is the right thing 
to manage. I don't want us to be scattered and spreading ourselves too thin because I don't want 
the management attention to be on conversion as much as it is on sourcing new transactions. 
This does not mean we are not actively scouting new transactions. But the priority as you rightly 
pointed out, in the last quarter, there has been no conversion. So the priority for me as well as 
our team is to ensure that we take some of these deals over the line in Q3 and Q4. I'm reasonably 
confident we will be able to do that. So I have no cause of concern for this. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And the redevelopment opportunities are already included in the INR 5,000 crores? They are 
over and above? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
No, they are part of this. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And that is not part of the INR 2,000 crores, right, which you believe is an advantage here? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
One of them is part of the INR 2,000 crores. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So my second question is on the warehousing business. And you said 100 acres will be the seed 
assets. So you will be selling this to the joint venture and getting the money and then part of that 
goes to your share of equity investments, right? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
That's right. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And by when do you intend to transfer this 100 acres? And potentially this will be classified as 
a leased area. So it will happen in this financial year or next year? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
                I sense that it's going to take anywhere between two to six quarters. 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The third question is on the projects launch pipeline, which I believe is shifting by -- at least for 
the Kandivali project we were looking at 4Q launch. So now you're saying that December is the 
approvals and six months from there we launch. So it goes to the -- just about the monsoon 
quarter. So which is again not a very good time to launch. So do you see any risk of this moving 
in the second half of next financial year? And the same thing for Godbundher, you were 
expecting to have a first half launch or maybe FY '24 launch, now which looks to be moving to 
FY '25. So if you can give some more color on the time lines? some more visibility on the time 
line on these project launches? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes. So you're absolutely right. We moved Kandivali from Q4 of the current financial to first 
half of next year. I do see it happening definitely in the first half because as I said, we've advance 
quite well on the design. The reason for the delay is the commence got pushed out by a quarter. 
And that's why the launch is getting pushed out roughly by a quarter. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And what about Godbunder? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Godbunder again, as I said, it's good that we finally have all the approvals we need to move 
forward and the permissions to move forward. We are looking at some alternate policies under 
which to develop it because it's a large 68 acre land parcel. And some of those land policies are 
in the process of being updated at the state government level. Waiting for that clarity to come in 
the next quarter or so, so that we can lock in exactly what our development plan there will be. 
And that's the reason we are pushing it out by a little bit because the indications we have is that 
some of the new policies will be attractive. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Just lastly, I mean, the real estate market you see doing well, but I don't understand why you've 
started giving a subvention scheme for the Saki Naka projects. And are we running any other 
schemes or any other projects? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Sorry, Parikshit, your question wasn't clear, your voice is getting muffled. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The Saki Naka project, I think you started giving the subvention scheme, right? 25:25:50, So 
any particular reason why have you started giving that subvention scheme? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
No specific reason. We're experimenting with different payment plans to see what kind of 
resonates in the market. We've taken price up there quite significantly since the launch. So 
looking at different methods and seeing what resonates with different audiences. There's no kind 
of grand plan there of any sort. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The last question for Vimal. So when do you expect -- I understand that Pune land payment has 
happened. So which complete the quality spending there, and on the Kandivali line, when do 
you expect to make the payment? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
So Pune land payment has completely happened. Thane and Kandivali as it progress over the 
next three, four weeks or maybe just quarter we will make the payment. Kandivali as you know, 
it is not a bullet payment, its sole agreement, its either over 36 months, we'll follow the calendar. 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI 
Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
The first thing is just more a question on the Thane land parcel now that you've got the de 
notification done. So just could you help us understand what sort of FSI we could churn out of 
this land, a broad range? And overall, for this land, have you done any rough estimate? What is 
the total FSI premiums or other approval costs, we will need to pay to avail the full FSI of the 
land? If you could just share your thoughts? I know that it's in planning stage, but just some 
color if you could give us. Overall, how much investment it would require? And would this 
approval cost you upfront or would it be split over phases? That is the first question. 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes. Adhidev, as I mentioned in answer to Parikshit's question, there are some policy updates 
that are expected that are relevant to that development. So it's hard to nail down an FSI, but we 
do see it being in the range of 5 million square feet plus of development potential. And it will be 
a mixed-use development, as I said. It will have some commercial assets, retail as well as 
residential. And we are looking at, at this stage, once the policies are fructified and our mix has 
narrowed down, we are looking at potentially bringing in a partner on the commercial side. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sir, second question again is on the business development. So the projects which we are hoping 
now to close out in the next two quarters, three quarters, so what is the lead time for the launch? 
I think four to five quarters post that and we will in FY '25 see the launches coming through? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, I would say between three to four quarters, because some of them based on the confidence 
we have in the closure, we've already started the design on. So we will be processing in parallel. 
So I would say anywhere between three quarters to four quarters to get to launch. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sir, last question. So again, in FY '24, of course, the two Mumbai launches, right, will happen 
in FY '24, as you said. So apart from these two launches, any other large value launches we 
expect in FY '24? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
So some of these new land parcels, certainly, Kandivali and one or two of the new land parcels 
that we acquired will be the large value land launches. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
And any plans to give any interest subvention or anything for buyers considering that interest 
rates have gone up, and we'll see a further round of rate hikes in this quarter as well. So what is 
the resistance you're seeing from buyers? Or is it all playing so far? And what are our plans to 
stimulate demand in case there is a slowdown? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
So far, we are seeing demand being fairly strong and robust in the segments we are operating in. 
We continue to see very strong walk in as well as conversions. So no reason for us to consider 
interest subvention. For me an interest subvention is just a roundabout way of getting a price 
discount so might as well work with pricing. And we have demonstrated a fair amount of agility 
on pricing. We are able to take price up quickly, the converse should also then apply that when 
the need arises one moderate the price to be able to drive the volume on these. So it can't be a 
one-way street. So that's primarily the lever we will use rather than going down the interest 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
subvention part. Again, as Parikshit highlighted, we are looking at different payment plans, more 
so that we learn how the market responds to various schemes, what works for different audiences 
in different life stages of construction as well because it's important that what works at a 
prelaunch or a launch stage or early stages of construction, is not necessarily what works when 
the project has already topped out from a civil perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
First is again on BD. So in terms of the INR 5,000 crores pipeline, does it also include any 
projects that maybe we are looking in Bangalore? And just a follow-up to that, so when we had 
this INR 2,000 crores of GDV addition as an annual target, at that time, we had only two markets 
in mind, which is Mumbai and Pune. Now with Bangalore also coming in, do you expect that 
out of the three markets, at least there would be a deal addition in two markets that would take 
your targeted GDV addition to maybe INR 3,000 crores, INR 4,000 crores on a constant basis? 
So just a comment on that? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes. Certainly, Pritesh. I think when I had indicated the INR 2000 crores, it was more than a 
year back and as you rightly pointed out, it was with a two market focus. So this year itself, as I 
had mentioned earlier, we are looking at roughly INR 3,000 crores. And every year, we will look 
to build more on that. So it will be in the range of INR 3,000 crores, INR 3,500 crores, INR 
4,000 crores, steadily building it up year-on-year. As you know, these deals are lumpy. So t's 
not that -- so you could end up being at INR 4,000 crores and INR 3,000 crores or INR 2,000 
crores, the each deal is typically between INR 500 crores to INR 1,500 crores in GDV. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
That's great to hear. And secondly, now if the launch is also coming fast in terms of the second 
phase is that we are coming up with -- we are expecting Eden to get launched this quarter and 
second phase of Nestalgia also in Q4. So for the large deals that we have signed up these Dahisar 
or Chandivali or even the larger Pune deal and obviously, right now, it's difficult to comment 
since we haven't seen the demand velocity. But do you think that the sales -- I mean, the gap in 
terms of launches between the two phase could be one or two quarters so that we can churn up 
the inventory faster than what we have done earlier? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, that will always be the objective and the desire, Pritesh. We've always maintained that our 
strategy is to get in and get out of projects as quickly as possible. So where we see robust 
demand, there are two factors that play into that. One is the demand. And its a first launch does 
well, then you get confidence to bring in the second phase over. But it's equally about the 
construction phasing. In certain cases, one is able to -- like we are doing in Eden, we are now 
constructing both phases concurrently with a stagger of just two months between the two phases. 
But in other cases, due to the site constraint, you may not be able to bring forward the second 
phase or third phase of the project, in which case it makes no sense to launch something and not 
be able to construct it. So one has to keep both, balance between both these aspects. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes, fair point. And just lastly, if I heard it correctly, so Pimpri second parcel, which we acquired 
last quarter is also slated to launch in Q4? 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
So that we have pushed it earlier, is it? I think earlier we were planning to do it next year, but 
we have pushed it earlier? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, we pulled it forward by a quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to all the participants, anyone who 
wishes to ask a question, may please press star and one on their touchtone phone. We have the 
next question from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So my first question pertains to our Kalyan project, where we already started on a weak note. 
And it seems given the quarter, we see the loss in momentum. And last quarter, we were talking 
about some change in strategy. So just wanted to hear from you, I mean, how is it working now? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes. So Shreyans, as I mentioned, that is one of the launches we've lined up for this quarter. Just 
to put this in perspective, when we say it will be weak launch, we still saw a 25% of the inventory 
in six months. So by industry standards, that is not weak. By our own high standards, we would 
have expected more. And as I mentioned in the last call, there have been some learnings about 
the hits and misses in that. We've incorporated those learnings and we will doing a full-fledged 
launch of that project in this quarter. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, second question pertains to our region, Ahmedabad. We had indicated that probably we are 
waiting for an anchor tenant. So do we have any time lines in place that by this time, we are 
going to wait for the anchor tenant then only or how will it work? 
Arvind Subramanian:  
I'd say the next three quarters or four quarters we need to take for finding that anchor tenant. It's 
really important in these kinds of parts that the initial client profile is the right client profile, and 
we don't sell for the sake of selling. So we are being selective. We are being patient and we need 
to just grind it out. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And sir, lastly, my final question is pertaining to our IC & IC business. The thought process 
there was that the intention was clear that we wanted to monetize and move out of that. All of a 
sudden done and  probably with the deals which we've done, on a net basis, we've sold and there 
will be a recycling of capital. But again, it is going towards the long gestation projects. Now 
again moving to that long life cycle projects. So just wanted to understand are we still following 
that strategy that you want to move out of that or probably you’re moving in the same direction? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes. Look, I don't see this Shreyans as an either or. I see this as an interesting, as I said, extension 
or if you would call it an option value on that business. But at some stage, we will run out of 
land in that business, like we have run out in Mahindra World City, Chennai, the land inventory, 
is all sold. So what is the terminal value of this business is important for us to set up right now. 
One part of that terminal value, I mean, that will be operation and maintenance activity we do 
in the park.  

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
But there are other sources of value that one can unlock over a longer period of time is what 
prompted the thinking to participate in this. As I said, we are participating as a minority joint 
venture partner. And in a sense, not putting incremental capital into this new joint venture. But 
I do see it as a strategically important action for us, not just as an opportunistic play. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So can we expect some sort of this thing to continue ahead as well or probably this would be 
one-off deals and probably our long-term strategy still remains of monetizing in the IC & IC 
business? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
So certainly, in the industrial parks that we're already operating, we would be looking to 
monetize as quickly as possible and like the park piece is on, the number solar demonstrating. 
Now how this new business segment plays out, time will tell. We'll be fully committed to it if it 
turns out to be as attractive as it promises to be in terms of the actual cash flows and return on 
capital or IRR metrics that are very important to us. We will take a call in that stage about how 
much whether we want to invest in incremental capital on that. At this stage, will not as I 
mentioned, increasing capital, it is a capital value fairly release from the business such as getting 
-- a part of which is getting put back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My question is that over the last couple of years, we have been outperforming on the business 
development. So this year also – we may end up somewhere close to INR 4,000 crores. Just 
doing the one as presales projections into -- at the same when there into H2, we do exceed about 
INR 2,000 crores of presales. It seems that favorable we reach almost INR 2300 crores, INR 
2400 crores, much ahead of your timeline of FY '25. Next year, we have a very strong launch 
pipeline on the starting put together, Dahisar and Kandivali close to about INR 4,000 crores of 
GDV, which may lead definitely in phases, but along with the such tenant sales can help us reach 
my estimate number about INR 3,000 crores. So how are you planning on the business 
development side from here on because numbers looks to be growing better than expectations 
the next couple of years? So we need to ramp up on the BD side from the INR 4,000 crores 
number to launch, so 25 going to INR 4,000 crores to INR 10,000. So how are we geared up 
internally as an organization and the business development team, and the execution then and 
marketing? So if you can just give your thoughts there? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
So Parikshit, firstly, trust you to always take the upper end of any range that I mentioned. So I 
do want to reiterate that this year we are looking at INR 3,000 crores GDV and not INR 4,000 
crores. I mentioned that because it's lumpy one to end up in INR 2500 crores to INR 4,000 crores 
is. And on your comment on presale, yes, first half of this has been INR 1,000 crores. I don't 
expect it to double for the second half. So don’t do arithmetic summation. The deeper question 
you've asked about how we are gearing up the business development is important. We've actually 
added strategically to our team, certain very key capabilities particularly one on society 
development, as I mentioned that it's a different kettle of fish, and we brought somebody on 
board in the team who's done that for the lifetime, understands it very well. And a lot of the 
success we are seeing advance conversations we are on is credit to this new addition to the team. 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Similarly, on the stressed asset side, we've added a person who has experience in that space. We 
currently still don't have any advanced conversations on that so we are actively looking at. But 
those are very strategic additions to the team. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
But what about your guidance? I think last time also I asked this question, so at some point of 
time, you need to revise that FY '25 guidance, which looks to be getting achieved much ahead 
of time? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
So, I honestly, I'm not being coy or deliberately roundabout on this, but we do need to see 
closures on the business development side for us to revise that guideline. So I hold until that 
happens. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And just on the Bangalore side... 
Moderator: 
Kandpal, I’m Sorry to interrupt Mr. Kandpal, there are many other participants who are waiting 
for their turn. Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Amit Agarwal from Burman 
Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Amit Agarwal: 
This is for Vimal. So Vimal, in the last four quarters, in the residential, we have booked around 
INR 566 crores of revenue. And against that cost of sale is INR 520 crores. Just wanted to 
understand what all costs we included in cost of sales. And implied gross margin is 7.4, which 
is a bit different from the number that we typically give out. So if you can just help us reconcile 
those numbers? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
So Amit, at a broader level, usually gross margin will include all the direct costs including 
prepaid expenses like brokerage, etcetera. See, it's important to, in a way, understand this last 
two quarters, the completions have been sort of very -- maybe the last phase or the last building 
or the last tower. And to this extent, the gross margins are lower than what we expect it to be.  
The other thing really is that for example, this thing in our Nagpur project, we have taken one 
charge which is related to royalty payout with the local authority demanded, which we have 
gone ahead, paid, taken charge. But we will also doing the payment is under protest base, so we 
will be thinking first to recover it. So at an aggregate level, you will see improvement in margins 
from thereon as and when the newer projects gets completed, it should be much-much larger in 
terms of top line as well. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And on that front, right, so on the projects that are in the pipeline and future development, the 
number that we gave out is around INR 10,600 is the revenue that we expect from those projects. 
And against that, there is a cost which you have given out expected. Can you also help out with 
the cost that is already incurred for the projects that are in pipeline, everything combined in the 
residential side? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, sure. You can refer it to back to the investor presentation actually. There is a slide which 
talks about three parts. One is what's happened in our already launched projects. What's 
happening in the next phase of those launched products. And for the projects, which will come 
up for launch projects, land acquisition has happened. It's a fairly neat and clean chart in four 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
parts and talks about inflows outflows and net cash. Amit if you refer to that, we will gain about 
INR 3,500 crores of net cash positive. Let me know in case you need any further clarification or 
details around it. 
Amit Agarwal: 
On that -- so total revenue is around INR 10,600 crores against that cost of INR 5,700 crores 
which are expected to be incurred. I'm asking what is the cost which is already incurred against 
this INR 10,600 crores revenue, which is expected to recognize in coming years? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Yes. So look at it this way, that projects which have got launched, usually see our marketing 
costs anywhere between say, 2% to 4%, and that's something which has reflected in the quarter 
in which those launches would have happened or those sales would have got booked. 
Amit Agarwal: 
 
And what about land and the construction cost, which would be part of inventory for us? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Yes, it will be part of inventory, but you would have -- if you refer back to two calls, which has 
happened in the past, say, three, four quarters, usually our land payouts at times actually are very 
close to the launch. But whatever clients will do if the project is launched and convince is 
happened that’s the time a project moves into inventory. Just to give you an example, Kalyan 
project, launch had happened in, say, March, February or March of this calendar year, 
conveyance actually happened a couple of months after that. And to that extent, and transition 
will reflect in quarter one of this financial year and not in the last financial year. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Maybe I'll connect with you off-line to better understand. Just last question on this is from last 
quarter to this quarter, we saw a decline of around INR 500 crores on the future gross cash flow, 
right? Whereas the collection was lower than that and also the construction payment would have 
happened in Q2. So just if you can help us understand why there was a decline of around INR 
500 crores on the gross cash flow expectation? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
               Yes, let's take this at offline, Amit. I’ll be able to help you understand transition. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sir, just last, if I can squeeze in. Our construction payout is lower than the pre-COVID, right? 
So it was around INR 75 crores. Previously, we used to do about INR 100 crores. Is that in a 
way, a reflection of slower construction pace? Again, how should we read out that construction 
outflow number? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Yes. So see, fundamentally, our focus really is on cash collection and, therefore, more than the 
work done, the money spent on work done is focused on what action we need to take so that our 
collection and the demand can be sent out. And that's where you are seeing the collection number 
is looking very strong. A lower work done cost need not necessarily reflect a lower work done 
of lower demands or lower progress in a particular project. It really depends on the life stage of 
the project at which we are investing that money has been. 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Also, Amit, I'll just add, Q2, again, because of monsoon, you will see every Q2 being slightly 
lower from a construction activity perspective. There is an impact of that 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have two questions. One was on the IC business, 
okay? One was on the leased area, okay? We've seen pretty -- the growth has slowed down from 
last year. What is the buildup of or inquiry levels you are seeing? And what is expected once the 
economy starts opening a lot more conversions to happen, okay? Some thoughts on that, if you 
can give on IC and level of inquiries and what is happening there? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
No, I think IC is on a very strong footing. I would encourage you, don't look at it necessarily 
quarter-on-quarter because these are long sale cycle businesses. So look at kind of trailing -- or 
a moving average of fourth quarters or something like that. So that would be more representative. 
We are on a very solid growth trajectory there. Last year itself was a record growth on a record 
leasing in our IC business. This year, we will look to match or exceed that. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one thing is what are the corporate costs overall for the company? Just to understand what 
is our recurring revenue, which you need to have to break even on the residential side? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Yes. So it's a tough one. And frankly, again is a number which will really depend on the projects 
which are getting signed up and launched. What we usually look at next five years horizon and, 
therefore, allocation of the fixed cost over those five years, assuming that they follow a second 
trajectory. For example, If you look at recent guidance of INR 2,500 crores versus INR 700 
crores we were averaging till about FY '20. The overhead cost allocation would have gone in a 
much more sort of higher base, and therefore, it looks much-much better. So that's the allocation 
approach that we follow. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one more thing. When we see the gross margin, which is 7%, even if I add 3% or 4%, let's 
say, of sales cost and some amount of other overhead, it remains very low, okay? So would you 
say that the revenue or the realizations were low? Or do you think the cost increase has been 
pretty phenomenal and, hence, the gross margins are pretty low? What would be the reason 
because 10%, 11% is still, if I took whatever cost... 
Vimal Agarwal: 
I'll just give you one example, its, well it’s a combination of two or three factor. But an important 
one, for example, is Anthea project, there's a last phase at come up for recognition. Anthea is a 
large project and spread across 20 acres. If I have to look at the profitability of Anthea project 
across the life cycle it should certainly be in the range of, say, 20% gross margin. By the last 
phase, because of few cost which gets lockdown at last stage, you get to see a much lower 
number. But at overall level, what Adhidev was talking about was taking the pricing up on an 
ongoing basis and netting of the cost aspirations, which we were seeing till about a quarter back. 
All of those put together, all our projects, which right now are in various stages are at a decent 
margin. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And this leasing of -- or outright sale of land is it for residential in IC we have spoken or it was 
for our, let's say, industrial land, what we are trying to sell? I'm just confused, if you can help 
me out? 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Look, we were referring to leasing an industrial. 
Himanshu Upadhyay:  
So you are saying that sales also your thinking of from land? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
This is leasing in the industrial parks business, Himanshu. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manan Patel from Airawat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Manan Patel: 
Congratulations for the good numbers. Sir, my first question is on MWC Jaipur. So if I look at 
the numbers, we have been very well in the domestic segment, but SEZ is sort of being much 
slower. So with the current pace that we are going, we might exhaust the domestic part in next 
few quarters and then SEZ might be left. So you also referred to some policy change which 
might happen. So what are your thoughts on this? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, you're absolutely right that there has been a much stronger demand on the domestic tariff 
area than the SEZ. But this is not peculiar to Jaipur or Mahindra World City. This is what is 
happening across the country. And it's an outcome of sun set of various incentives that have been 
given to SEZ 10 or 15 years back. So across the country, there has been a very muted demand 
for SEZ. The government has also recognized that and proposed what is called the Desh bill, 
which was expected to be tabled in the monsoon session.  
We are hoping will come in either in the monsoon or winter session of the budget. What the 
basic premise for this bill is to say that rather than think about industrial parks, domestic corridor 
export, if India wants to be self-sufficient from a manufacturing perspective and be a 
manufacturing powerhouse, which should allow units to operate flexibly. So they will allow 
units in the Special Economic Zones to also cater to the domestic market. So in that sense, 
specifically coming back into specifically to Jaipur, it opens up the entire SEZ area for domestic 
manufacturing plants as well, and that will be a very healthy upside for us. 
Manan Patel: 
That's helpful, sir. Sir, second question is on the margin and the IRRs that we think. So like, for 
example, in Eden, we have like preponed the launch of second phase. So with that, do we take 
the exposure of, like higher exposure to the commodity fluctuations down the line because we 
are like selling a lot more upfront rather than deeper a part of it at the later date? So are we 
exposing ourselves to the commodity fluctuations? And what are the steps that we take to sort 
of off-set? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes. So that's a great point, Manan. So the downside of selling a lot upfront is it that you're 
locked into fixed price contracts with your customers, but exposed to an increasing cost base on 
the input side. So therefore, in a roughly stable or moderate inflationary cost environment, it 
always makes sense to sell early. If one expects a hyperinflation in the cost environment, then 
holding back some inventory with the expectation that we'll be able to price that up would be a 
better strategy. We believe that we are not yet in that -- the last four quarters, five quarters, we 
see hyperinflationary period, but it has settled down and we are expecting the next couple of 
years to be more range bound from an input cost perspective. So we continue to pursue the 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
strategy of selling early. It is certainly, IRR accretive. In some cases, there is a trade-off there 
between getting more IRR and sacrificing a couple of 10 basis points or more of PBIT, but that's 
the tradeoff were willing to make. 
Manan Patel: 
And sir, the last part, you referred to value engineering that we are doing, like we are on the 
journey, so where are -- like have we implemented that which can help our margins by a few 
percentage points that you have referred in the past? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Yes, absolutely. And I'll ask Vimal to also add on this, but in fact, all of our the entire leadership 
teams are taking this call from one of our construction site this morning. I've been here since 
8:30 in the morning exactly on this topic. So we are spending a lot of time on standardizing 
design, value engineering, driving, modularity, applicability, all of which is geared towards 
driving more cost efficiency. But Vimal, would you like to add something? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
The only impact versus the earlier approach where the action on productivity or value 
engineering was more localized, or project specific, right now, we have got two centers which 
have been formed, one which is the costing center of excellence and second is project 
management center. Both these work hand-in-hand and any best factories or leading factories 
which has picked up either internally from many of our projects or externally from any of the 
other projects contact us, attempt is still to do a pilot and then horizontally execute it across 
project. Therefore value engineering is going to be one of key pillars to drive some profits or to 
ensure that the costs are not going out of range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi. Please 
go ahead. 
Prem Khurana: 
Yes. So my question was with respect to our IC & IC vertical. So what I see is, we've been doing 
seriously good now in terms of leasing on an incremental basis. But the things that I observed 
that, I mean, when I look at total number of customers that you have and look at the operational 
customers that you have, I mean, I think initially we used to have this condition in our contracts 
with the clients that you would have to come and check operations in a year, 1.5 years.  
I mean, the customer would start contributing early as possible. But the gap between our 
operational customer and total customers seems to be rising, for Jaipur, we have 127-odd 
customers, but then only 71 are operational. There is 56-odd customers are yet to start 
contributing, right? So I understand if you would have realized our payments but then the idea 
was to kind of make them operational and then make them contribute to the economic value that 
you would be able to generate from this? So have we have made any changes in the contracts 
that we signed because some of these customers have been with us for more than two to three 
years now? Yet to commence operation in this the case with Chennai as well wherein the more 
than 10-odd -- commence an operations? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
That's a good observation. In Jaipur in particular, given the growth we've seen over the last four 
quarters to five quarters, its probably 30 or so new clients, what have we added, so one has to 
factor that in because once they lease the land, it will take them roughly 12 to 18 months to get 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
operation even if they hit the ground on day1. But that backlog is an important thing, and we are 
actually in the process of reaching out to many of the clients who are not yet operationalized like 
you mentioned, some of the older leases that were done and finding out what the bottlenecks are 
trying to reactivate those, so those conversations are actually already underway. In fact in Jaipur 
there is something like 26 clients have hold who have already commenced construction. 
Prem Khurana: 
That's good. And second one was for Vimal sir. I think when I look at our presentation and the 
net debt number that you gave on a segment-wise basis, in -- I see that in IC & IC vertical, the 
debt has gone up. Not by much, but then there's a slight rise. So I was wondering if it is because 
when we are aggregating more in IC & IC and I see what will either in, let's say, not Chennai or 
in Pune, which is why the number would have gone up or is only a timing mismatch and wherein 
you've sold some inventory this quarter was the payment are yet to come to you? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Actually, the second is the key. And we do have a few transactions, as we mentioned in pipeline. 
And we will see a positive movement in these numbers by the time we reach the next one. Part 
of it, the first point that you said is also right that there was a big aggregation, which may come 
on the South Chennai side as well apart from Pune, both are going. But there is more, I’ll say 
more timing, and you’ll see the movement Q3 or Q4 for this.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, my question relates to more of a strategic purpose of Mahindra Lifespace. So we have been 
seeing that the proportion of value homes has been consistently declining in our overall portfolio. 
So sir, how we are strategizing between value homes and mid-premium houses? And what is the 
breakup of this INR 5,000 crores of BD pipeline into these two parts? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
So Jainam, there's no predefined kind of quota that we have between the value homes and the 
mid-market segment. We do what is right for a particular land parcel. In some cases, particularly 
in cities like Pune and Bangalore, the same location could be developed as a Happinest products 
or as a mid-market product. Because that's the nature of those markets. In a city like Mumbai, it 
tends to be geographically kind of aligned with North to South. As you go further North, it is 
more happinesst as you move further. We are not in extreme South Mumbai, but let's say, the 
Western Suburbs or Central Suburbs, it tends to get with market environment. So we don't 
approach this as what should the mix be in the market. We just look at every land opportunity 
that we have every new project that we are exploring, what is the right product and the right 
audience. So it's an outcome rather than an input. 
Jainam Shah: 
And sir, one question related to IC & IC segment. So we have been seeing the realization being 
in the similar range of INR 2.7 crores or INR 2.8 crores for the Jaipur, and around INR 3 crores 
for Chennai. Sir, is there any specific reason for the same? Are we expecting some kind of 
increase year-over-year from this realization per acre? 
Arvind Subramanian: 
We've actually taken the realization up in Jaipur. If you look at the last few quarters, it has gone 
up from -- Vimal? 

 
 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Yes, I just start with Jaipur, the realization has improved for the last few years. I think it’s up 
almost by about 7% to 10%. Having said this, every land parcel has got a bit of positive or 
negative depending on the location we are talking about and so that's why we see this. Similarly, 
in Chennai there is not for the inventory left, within some commercial – largely commercial 
which is there. And every acre there has to be negotiating depending on the location FSI. But in 
general, the realizations are up, certainly for both margin are good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Arvind Subramanian for closing comments. 
Arvind Subramanian: 
Thank you, Mitchell, and thank you for all your active participation and your questions. As we 
highlighted there are multiple actions lined up for the second half of this year, which includes 
ensuring successful new launches, new pre-launches as well as continued momentum on the IC 
& IC business. We are also extremely focused on driving the business well and hi-fi. We 
continue to be sharpshooting on that rather than spring and bring. And you will see hopefully 
some conversions in Q3 and Q4. Thank you, everyone, and appreciate your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
  
