 
 
 
    www.mpslimited.com 
 Registered Office:  RR Towers IV, Super A, 16/17, Thiru‐Vi‐Ka Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai‐600032 (INDIA), Tel: +91 44 49162222 Fax: +91 44 49 16 2225 Email: info@mpslimited.com 
Corporate Identification Number: L22122TN1970PLC005795  
 
 
 
 
Date: November 09, 2022 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: MPSLTD 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
 
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 532440 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call inter-alia on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company 
for the Second Quarter (Q2) and Half year (H1) ended September 30, 2022.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of the Earnings Call, held on Thursday, November 03, 2022, at 4:30 P.M. (IST), inter-alia 
on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the Second Quarter (Q2) and Half year (H1) 
ended September 30, 2022. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For MPS Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sunit Malhotra 
CFO & Company Secretary  
 
 
 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
SUNIT 
MALHOT
RA
Digitally signed by SUNIT MALHOTRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=065d95d13bc17aceb617a87
db24c152f, 
2.5.4.20=5218010481038A8959C3AC028C
DE5F2E55FEC3B03E186DA5A1FCFE626CB
988FF, postalCode=201301, st=UTTAR 
PRADESH, 
serialNumber=0e7e585c0c2b57a42f5aa71
2098f5dcb3f1e2e0fd1a76601dd178af8d7
b52b4d, cn=SUNIT MALHOTRA 
Date: 2022.11.09 13:08:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“MPS Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY‘23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript” 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL ARORA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MPS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIT MALHOTRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MPS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUKHWANT SINGH – CHIEF DELIVERY OFFICER – 
MPS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '23 Earnings Conference 
Call of MPS Limited. As a reminder, all participant's lines will be in listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora, Chairman, and Managing Director. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, and welcome to our Q2 FY '23 earnings call. Today, I have with 
me Sunit Malhotra, CFO of MPS Limited; Sukhwant Singh, Chief Delivery Officer-India. 
Today, Sunit will kick things off in our opening segment by discussing our Q2 FY '23 
performance. Then Sukhwant will update us on the Content and eLearning business. Finally, I 
will discuss how the current financial year is shaping up, and also provide an update on the 
recent acquisition of E.I. Design. Let's get going. Over to you, Sunit.  
Sunit Malhotra: 
Thanks, Rahul. We developed impressive momentum in Q2 that also drove significant margin 
expansion. At INR 125.60 crore, FX adjusted revenues were up by 13.77% against the previous 
year, primarily driven by three factors: growth in the content business particularly in our 
scholarly customers, including Journals and Books, Growth in the eLearning business 
standalone and in E.I. Design, and more stability in the platform business.  
I would like to now hand it over to Sukhwant to discuss the Content and eLearning solution 
performance in Q2 FY '23, and overall prospects for the business in FY '23. 
Sukhwant Singh: 
Thank you, Sunit, and hi, everyone. So, I'll start with an update on the Content Solutions 
business. Our revenues in the Content Solutions business grew by almost 10% in the Q2 FY '23, 
over the same period last year and the profit increased by almost 30% during the same period, 
so a growth of 10% in revenue and 30% in profit.  
Journals led growth in the Content Solutions business in Q2 FY '23, and given the highly 
profitable nature of this business, the scale-up also meant that margins also improved for the 
Content Solutions business as a whole. So the expansion was led by the phenomenal growth in 
business with both our established as well as the new customers. The other part of our Content 
Solutions business, the Books vertical also did well in Q2 FY '23. The trend towards offshoring 
continued in our education business, which sort of further helps our margins.  
Coming on to our eLearning business. The eLearning business significantly grew in Q2 FY '23, 
due to the addition of E.I. Design and an impressive double-digit growth in MPS Interactive and 
TOPSIM, which is our German-based entity. The revenue grew from a consistent flow of 
projects from both our Star accounts and also the new customers. The highlight of the growth at 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
TOPSIM GmbH was that it was primarily driven by product revenue enabled via the new 
TOPSIM cloud, which is a high quality of revenue from a financial as well as a strategic lens.  
While our revenues grow, our order book also expanded by over 20%, as we booked significant 
and sizable orders. Our pipeline is robust across different types of work, diverse geographies, 
and varied across training strategies. So, while margins significantly expanded in eLearning, 
they have yet to reach their true potential and we strive to expand this further in  Q3 and H2 
FY23.  
Thank you, and back to you, Rahul. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Sukhwant. The muted start to FY23 in Q1 was left behind in the rear-view mirror, as 
we gained significant new momentum in Q2. We are well on track to beat our guidance of INR 
100 crore in PAT in FY '23 despite the looming recession. As in the eLearning and platform 
solutions business, various factors give us confidence, including our content business is doing 
exceptionally well with our scholarly customer base. We were at the early innings of the growth 
story for this customer base and growth will continue to unfold for the rest of the year. After a 
steady pickup in Q2, performance will be even more impressive in the content business in the 
second half of the year.  
While we reported growth and rich margin expansion in Q2 in the eLearning business, our 
ambitions are higher and will begin to be unlocked truly in the second half of this financial year. 
In our third year of ownership, the Platform business is finally stabilizing, given the distressed 
nature of the HighWire assets and the fact that we acquired at a competitive purchase price, we 
saw massive ROIC during an impressive payback period of fewer than three years. Though true 
growth will only unfold in the fourth, possibly the fifth year of ownership.  
To conclude my comments, I'm delighted with our continued progress in the integration of E.I. 
design into MPS. The experience of acquiring a growth asset at a competitive purchase price is 
remarkably different from a distressed acquisition strategy.  
In fact, the E.I. operating model has allowed us to scale our most significant eLearning business 
and direct some of the super creative teams to focus on higher-value pursuits and projects. 
During the week of October 24, we launched a new brand called EI powered by MPS, which 
will represent our combined eLearning business. The brand is positioned as an emotionally 
intelligent experience design company. Our new logo is inspired by Daniel Goldman's five 
pillars of emotional intelligence. We want to leverage the power of human connection and 
empathy to build resilient, high-performing individuals and teams with more profound 
engagement with the organization. Understanding the intent and not just the scope is part of our 
DNA, which helps us connect with learners over and above and beyond training.  
Our ability to create an impact on their lives enables performance, helps drive career growth, 
and creates a belonging that transcends beyond data and analytics, assisting organizations to 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
reinvent the workplace experience. We look forward to your continued support in this exciting 
new growth phase of MPS of building scale.  
I would now like to open the call to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Participants who wish to 
ask a question may press star and one on your touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles.  
We have the first question from the line of Vaibhav Bhattacharya from Honesty and Integrity. 
Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Barchytiya: 
So in the last quarter, you said about the ESOP program that you were exploring for talent 
retention. So just wanted an update on that. Have you finalized something and what is the update 
on that? 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you, Vaibhav for the thoughtful question. Yes, it's in progress, and we're expecting to 
close that out this financial year. Of course, we have to go through the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and then also get approval from the Board of Directors. So we are 
following the process. 
Vaibhav Barchytiya: 
Okay. So it should be in place by the end of the year is what you're saying? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yeah. Fingers crossed. 
Vaibhav Barchytiya: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, does this merger of Penguin Random House and Simon, which is 
now getting delayed, are we in any way associated with these companies? Or will we be 
impacted either positively or negatively, due to this development, if this merger doesn't go 
through? 
Rahul Arora: 
So we are not in the trade segment. Both the publishers that you have mentioned are in trade 
publishing. Our focus is on learning and education. So within publishing, we work with scholarly 
publishers and education publishers, including college and K-12. We do not work with trade 
publishers, at least not in a significant way. So for us, this has no impact at all. 
Vaibhav Barchytiya: 
Okay. Understood. Got it. That is all from my side, Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone 
telephone. We have the next question from the line of Arjan Balakrishna, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Arjan Balakrishna: 
Thanks for giving me this opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. My 
question is on any update on acquisitions because we've been talking about big-ticket 
acquisitions. So is there anything in the pipeline this financial year? 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you for your question and your kind support. As I shared previously, we are always 
actively pursuing acquisitions. We have a growth office that is focused on this strategy. At any 
given point in time, we are examining 10 to 15 different opportunities. Currently, we have about 
four that are active and warm. In terms of when we will close one, that is more forward-looking 
information and guidance that we do not provide. But yes, acquisitions continue to be very much 
part of our growth strategy. And out of the 10 to 15 that we're pursuing, 4 is what I would call 
warm and things that we think will be closed in the foreseeable future. What is that foreseeable 
future, time will tell! 
Arjan Balakrishna: 
Thanks, and one final question, last quarter, I think there was some kind of delay in one of the 
projects, if I recollect correctly, the eLearning business. Is that now back on track? If I remember 
correctly. 
Rahul Arora: 
Yeah. It was more in the education business. It's back on track, but still, we have not recognized 
that revenue in Q2. 
Arjan Balakrishna: 
Ok great, Thanks. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone 
telephone. We have the next question from the line of Arjun Goel, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Arjun Goel: 
Hi Sir, and congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. Sir, I had a question. Can you tell 
me what is the dollar or the constant currency growth rate for the last quarter of Q2, either on a 
year-on-year basis or on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Rahul Arora: 
We typically track and report the FX-adjusted revenue, which is pretty close to the constant 
currencies, and that is 13.77%, as reported we are at 14.87%. 
Arjun Goel: 
Okay. So the number to focus on is this FX-adjusted revenue? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. We focus on the FX-adjusted revenue because these are reported. We are getting benefits 
from the depreciation of the rupee. 
Arjun Goel: 
So on the same subject, that EBITDA has gone from INR 30 crore to INR 40 crore over the last 
year. So how much of this INR 10 crore would be because of foreign exchange benefits? And 
how much would it be internal efficiencies or things like that? Can you break it down further? 
Rahul Arora: 
So I'll let the finance folks calculate that really quick. But again, I would encourage you to look 
at our investor presentation that we upload on our website.  

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Arjun Goel: 
Yes.  
Rahul Arora: 
You will see that the EBITDA was calculated on an FX-adjusted basis Revenue, not on reported 
revenue. So that's actual EBITDA. The reason for that growth in EBITDA is primarily from our 
Content business. You'll see our margins are significantly expanded, and a large part of that is 
the Journals and Scholarly content business, which as a proportion of our overall content 
business, has grown. And this is a higher-margin business. So, whenever journal or scholarly 
content grows, it tends to outperform all the other aspects of content. And because it is now 
increasing proportionally, it's a healthy sign from a margin perspective.  
Additionally, we have also seen an improvement in our eLearning margins. As Sukhwant 
described at the start of the call, while we are satisfied with the performance, we still need to 
unlock our true potential in eLearning, which you will start to see from quarter three onwards. 
So, what you're seeing on our investor presentation on the EBITDA margin front is FX-adjusted 
revenue. 
Arjun Goel: 
Okay. So that's actually very encouraging. That's a very good sign, right? If I've understood it 
correctly. Like, it's because of better more value-added services versus just a tailwind of the 
dollar appreciating, right? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. So, it is proper operational performance. But then again, there's also that aspect of the rupee 
depreciating, which has given us additional tailwinds. There was a solid core already available, 
which drove everything. Roughly, if you compare very ballpark estimates; roughly, the 
difference would be 2% to 3% coming from the currency. Most of it comes from the operations 
front. 
Arjun Goel: 
Okay. Wonderful. And sir, you mentioned about eLearning, what do you estimate is higher target 
margins? I mean, you're saying it's still not up to the mark. So what is the mark? 
Rahul Arora: 
Our goal, of course, is to get to the industry standard of 25%. That's just an average number. So, 
our first milestone is 25%. But of course, MPS typically does better than our competitors, and 
our sights are set on 30 percent. And when we get to 30%, we will not settle. We'll continue to 
pursue margin expansion. So I'm hopeful we'll get very close to the number this year. 
Arjun Goel: 
Okay. Wonderful and best of luck! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone 
telephone. We have the next question from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is on the 
segment side. As you did mention that we have not reached the potential we have. So what is 
the growth strategy that we are targeting that will be helpful to drive more revenue and growth 
in our business? 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Rahul Arora: 
So are you talking across the business or specifically in eLearning? 
Jyoti Singh: 
Across the business. 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. So overall, we have a multi-pronged approach.  
Today across the business, we have ~600 customers, and our first strategy is to go deeper into 
each of these customers. We are working very closely across the company. You'll notice that we 
spoke about Star accounts at the top of the call. Star accounts are accounts we've identified that 
potentially, over time, should become large customers for MPS. We currently have placed 30 
customers in the Star account program, which has already begun to scale. So this exercise started 
about two years ago. Our next phase will be to take this 30 to 100. So, we will ramp up from 30 
to 100 accounts, which we will scale and grow again. The first leg of the growth strategy is 
organic, which ensures that out of the 600 accounts we own, 100 become Star accounts over the 
next few years. We've already executed 30 and will ramp up to the next 70.  
The second piece of our growth strategy focuses on new capabilities and development. Every 
year, we launch new capabilities in partnership with our customers and develop products that 
either offshoot existing products and solutions or combine different parts of the business. So, for 
example, this past year, we've launched three initiatives. The first one was when we launched a 
new version of Magplus, an existing platform whose latest version is based on HTML5. Another 
initiative was where we combined the capabilities of our eLearning business and our content 
business to go after the educational institution market, so that was another go-to-market strategy. 
The third one is that we are building another platform that combines our Benchpress product 
from HighWire and our MPSTrak product from MPS as a new project for Project Herald.  
These are just three examples of many things we have been doing to launch new products and 
capabilities.  
The third strategy we are pursuing is going after new logos, and the way we're doing that is we 
have been very thoughtful and rigorous in terms of our marketing, both offline and online, to 
drive awareness and interest in the company. We have also started to scale up our sales team. So 
we have an account development team that's focused on 600 customers. But now, we are also 
investing in a sales team going after new logos based on the leads we generate from our various 
campaigns.  
These are examples of what we're doing on the organic side. On the inorganic side, we have 
transitioned from acquiring distressed assets at distressed prices to acquiring growing assets at 
competitive prices. E.I. was our first such acquisition. As I described to the gentleman in the 
previous question, we are actively pursuing 10 to 15 growth assets. And currently, there are four 
possible transactions that we're pursuing where we feel optimistic about some form of closure 
in the coming periods. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
So sir, my next question is on the margin side. What margin guidance you are targeting coming 
FY '23-24 and how much growth we are targeting? 
Rahul Arora: 
In Content, we're happy with the 40% we're reporting. Beyond this, we want to drive it through 
revenue growth. There's significant operating leverage available in the content business. So as 
revenue grows, margins will continue to expand. With Platforms, we want that to operate closer 
to the Content margins. And on the eLearning side, like I was describing earlier, we want to be 
at 30%. So 40%-40%-30% is what we would like to strike in the coming year. That's the goal 
that we're striving towards. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Ok. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one on your touchtone 
telephone. We have the next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain:  
 
Hi to the MPS team. Congratulation on very strong numbers. Hope my line is audible. 
Rahul Arora: 
 
Yeah. Your line is clear. 
Rahul Jain:  
Yeah. So I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the new branding that we have done and more, 
any more input that you could give in terms of how the clients are seeing this? And also, in terms 
of what exactly you want to position with this new branding. That is question number one. 
Second thing, from a profitability point of view, we have seen that comparison from last year, 
we are doing more revenue with a lesser employee headcount. How sustainable is this? And 
thirdly, also a related question for the sustainability of profitability because that is driving a 
much faster earnings growth versus revenue growth. So, if you could give your thoughts on these 
three aspects. Thank you. 
Rahul Arora: 
Sure. The first aspect of rebranding is having the most comprehensive capability set in the 
eLearning space. We do everything from learning consulting to learning design to simulations, 
games, AR, and VR. We have a bunch of learning platforms. The TIS acquisition gave us many 
capabilities, and we had EI Design earlier this year. The thought process behind this rebranding 
was to help the customers understand that our value is not the products and services but our 
ability to solve pressing learning problems for our customers and then focus on growing that 
customer relationship. The products and solutions are simply tools that are meant to solve those 
critical learning and development challenges that our customers are facing.  
So, we're not trying to sell products or sell services individually. Instead, we are solving learning 
and development challenges that our customers are facing, and these products and services are 
all the ammunition we need to enable that problem-solving. Why emotional intelligence? Our 
emotional intelligence value proposition is saying that we will design the learner solutions for 
you, keeping the context of the learner in mind and the context of the learner's environment. One 
must respect that when a learner goes through a learning journey when they join an organization, 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
or during upskilling/reskilling within an organization, there's an immense change process the 
learner is going through. Very often, an organization or a vendor partner like MPS focuses on 
the product, the service, or the solution and needs to catch up on the learner context.  
So, if I am a new employee and I've joined an organization in the tech space, which has high 
churn, my context is very different from someone who is in a manufacturing plant, has been with 
the company for 20 years, and is now trying to learn a new technology. So, we optimize for the 
learner's context, both in terms of the individual's context and the environmental context, which 
ensures that as the customer outsources to us, they know that we are coming at this from a 
humanist approach versus just trying to sell a product and service—so focusing more on the 
value! 
We launched this at DevLearn, one of the world's most significant learning events, a couple of 
weeks ago and received a great response. This rebranding was not done in isolation. We had an 
advisory council of our customers that helped us think through the process after the acquisition 
of EI Designs for customers from both sides. So, it was inspired by some of our customers. It 
represents two things: one, when learning and development are thinking of outsourcing, they 
have a partner that they can trust, who will be consultative, creative, and also create magic 
through the learning. But also, the second piece of this is that we will not just think about our 
organization, our customers' organization, but really about the end learner in mind.  
So that's on the rebranding piece. In terms of margin expansion, we've always spoken that this 
business has significant operating leverage, where MPS is different from some of our other 
competitors in the marketplace, in general, because we invest significantly in developing new 
workflows, new processes, as well as new technologies to make sure that we continue to be 
efficient. We are always looking for ways to automate and system-based delivery. We have a 
team based out of Bangalore, headed by our CTO, and we have a unit called MPS Lab that 
focuses entirely on speed and efficiency. There are almost 100 engineers across various roles 
that are focused on efficiency. These engineers are focused on our internal headcount, not on 
external platforms.  
We've been investing in this now for almost a decade. Some of the returns are compounded now, 
and we've seen some of the effects of return, as customers also have. Because of the pandemic, 
they accepted much of the innovation and automation we wanted to introduce. So there's one 
lever coming from doing more smart work rather than grunt work. And, of course, the second 
lever is that we operate in Tier 2 cities as much as possible. And, of course, post-pandemic, that's 
even been further expanded, as we've on-boarded talent across India through remote working, 
even in our eLearning business.  
Speaking of margins, for the Platform business, we want to get towards the Content business 
margins, and for the eLearning, we see a path towards 30% over the near term. And, of course, 
we have other plans that will require more effort once we get there, but 30% in eLearning is 
possible. From a sustainability standpoint, as I advised, the Content business margin in the late 
30s, or early 40s, is very sustainable. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Rahul Jain: 
And if I can, one more. If you could share your thoughts in terms of having a very long tail of 
customers with a very low per-client revenue matrix, how we plan to optimize on this front, 
either from a mining perspective or prudential segment proven if you intend to do that. Any 
general thoughts on growth spread with macro taking the shape that we see this? Any views on 
that? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. As you would have noticed, our customer concentration over the years has significantly 
reduced. Our top 10 now contribute to less than 50%. This number was like 80% five years ago; 
similarly. even the top 15 are at 55%. Again, this number was almost 90% five-six years ago. 
So, there's been a significant diversification by intent to diversify the customer base to protect 
ourselves from any shocks that might happen due to the macroeconomic environment. We have 
a wide net, as I described earlier. We do have a Star account strategy that is bearing fruit. So, for 
the last two or three years, we've focused on 30 customers and graduated them to our Star 
account status.  
We have the infrastructure and relationships available to scale this from 30 to the next 70 
customers. And then, if a macroeconomic situation does present itself, I think at this point, we 
are diversified to absorb any significant shocks. But of course, macro eats micro. So, we, as a 
management team, are aware of the environment and are constantly in touch with all our 
customers. We have deep relationships with our customers. So, if the situation does present 
itself, based on the cues that we will get faster than anybody else because of our deep 
relationships with our customers, we will adapt and amend.  
But as of now, we are not hearing anything except what we see on the news. Customers are not 
telling us that they will be pulling back. At DevLearn, we saw 2x of the participation before the 
pandemic. So, we're not seeing it, but we are aware and watching. But we have yet to get any 
data or evidence that it affects our business, at least not in the next six months. 
Rahul Jain: 
I mean, Rahul just on this more. The client question was more the other way around and not 
from the concentration point of view, but just trying to understand the cost-benefit analysis in 
terms of a very large number of clients because if I strip out the top 10 numbers average revenues 
per customer for the rest of the portfolio would be a very small number. 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. We maintain efficiency ratios for all our customers. An efficiency ratio is nothing but total 
direct costs divided by net revenue, and we ensure that efficiency ratio, the target for everybody 
is 40% of the company, for every customer and the red zone is 60%. So as long as every customer 
engagement is between 40% to 60% of the efficiency ratio, we don't have that problem because 
we're very, very disciplined, and we make sure that every customer contract that we sign is 
between that 40% to 60% efficiency ratio. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sorry, I could not get this for 40%, or 60% what exactly is this, sorry? 
Rahul Arora: 
So what we do is for every customer, we calculate the net revenue. Net revenue is revenue less 
outsourcing, so we get the net revenue for the customer. Then we look at the effort and the cost 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
of manpower to be deployed on that customer. That number should be 40% of the Net Revenue, 
and our ceiling is 60%. So every project at MPS operates in this zone of 40% to 60%. So as long 
as we are between 40% to 60%, we execute the project. If we cannot complete the project 
between 40% to 60%, we do not take on the project. So, we are highly disciplined. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Got it. Thank you 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sachit Motwani from Param Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. My first question was in eLearning, excluding E.I. Design, 
how would have been the sequential growth in Q2? 
Rahul Arora: 
As I was sharing earlier, we have four business units in our eLearning business, if I can call them 
business units, for lack of a better word. E.I. and MPS Interactive, India-based entities, grew in 
double-digits. Our TOPSIM entity, the German entity, also grew in double-digits. Our Swiss 
entity, which does about CHF 1.5 million annually, had a decline of about 30%. 
Sachit Motwani: 
But sequentially you would have growth, right?  
Rahul Arora: 
 
I am saying year-on-year. So Q2 of this year versus Q2 of last year. 
Sachit Motwani:  
The second question is, has the full payment for the E.I. Design acquisition been done? 
Rahul Arora: 
 
I'm sorry, can you repeat that Sachit? 
Sachit Motwani:  
I'm saying the payment for E.I. Design for the acquisition, has that been done? 
Rahul Arora: 
 
Yes. All payments have been completed. That was completed last quarter.  
Sachit Motwani:  
The last question is, how do you fix accounts as Star accounts when you talk about Star 
Accounts? 
Rahul Arora: 
So, we look at three fundamental factors. A Star account can be a Star account if it checks two 
of three boxes. One, the current size is large. Second, the future potential is considerable, or 
third, it has a strategic element. So, if the account is an Apple or an Amazon, I can say it's a blue-
chip customer. If a customer checks two of these three boxes, they qualify to become a Star 
account. 
Sachit Motwani: 
And do you have plans to get into IT services also at some point in time? So are you still 
evaluating that? 
Rahul Arora: 
So that was a thought. We had an acquisition opportunity that we were pursuing then. It was 
very opportunistic. It wasn't a strategy per se. It was more of a possibility, and we were flirting 
with it. But we have learned that there's still so much low-hanging fruit in this business, in the 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
content, eLearning, and platforms business. We want to stay focused. We are only approaching 
70 million in revenue right now. As I've shared in vision 2027, our goal is 3x that. We can 3x to 
that level by staying focused. Again, it's not that we will not make acquisitions, but they will all 
happen in this realm. That was just us getting distracted. 
Sachit Motwani: 
My last question is, you've been talking about some consolidation going on in the content space. 
Would you be willing to acquire a company in the content space? The only reason I'm asking is 
that if you do so then there would be again a concentration risk because you'd be highly 
dependent on the content business. 
Rahul Arora: 
We will only do it if there is some new capability. We wouldn't do it just for the sake of revenue.  
Because post the pandemic, there's still juice in content solutions for growth. Like we're seeing 
in the scholarly business today with journals growing. There's still juice for us to grow 
organically. We've created significant lines of differentiation between us and the competition. 
Our positioning in the marketplace has now been elevated post the pandemic. We could deliver 
to a much higher level than the marketplace on average. So, organically we should be able to 
grow in content.  
The only reason we would pursue an acquisition is if there's a capability set that we do not own, 
and that capability set would be very niche because we are already reasonably end-to-end.  
So yes, if it expands capability, but knowing the market in general, it will likely be exceptionally 
focused. But yes, there are still opportunities within the value chain with a capability we don't 
currently own.  
Sachit Motwani:  
Got it. Thanks a lot, Rahul, and once again Congratulations on the great set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vaibhav Bhattacharya from Honesty and 
Integrity. 
Vaibhav Bhattacharya: 
Yes. Thanks for queuing the follow-up. So nearly 1/3 of our revenue is from European or UK 
clients and we have seen significant currency movement in that region which actually increases 
the cost for the customer because their currency has depreciated. Are you seeing that they are 
trying to renegotiate some of the pricing so that they can reduce the burden because it's quite a 
substantial jump for them? Because all the contracts are denominated in USD. 
Rahul Arora: 
 
Yeah. So 34% of our revenue comes from UK and Europe, but 84% of our billing is in USD.  
Vaibhav Bhattacharya: 
Right. 
Rahul Arora: 
This has happened over some time. It was in the 60%s if I remember correctly. Even the 
customers there are negotiating primarily in USD. They've transitioned to that because these are 
global companies. They're not just European companies. I'm talking about most of the customers 
we work with in Europe and not a minority; our customers are global. Global publishers have 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
offices all over the world. So, their standard is US dollars. That's how they've been run. And we 
don't see any changes there. And we're not hearing anything from our customers about any 
changes. 
In terms of price, on the content side, we tend to be price warriors anyway. We don't tend to win 
customers on price; we tend to close customers on price if that makes sense on the content side. 
On the platform side as well, we're middle of the pack, and on the eLearning side, we are in the 
middle. So, we aren't the most expensive vendor out there. So, we don't have those kinds of 
pricing negotiations with the customer that others would. 
Vaibhav Bhattacharya: 
Got it. Understand. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Arjun Goel, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Arjun Goel: 
Just a follow-up. I have a question regarding the industry structure on the content side and 
actually more on the scientific journal side. So I was reading this statistic that Elsevier and others 
like the top four or five global publishers account for like 40% or 50% of all the scientific papers 
published, right, in any given year. So I wanted to know, basically, and I believe this number is 
only growing larger, right? It's consolidating. So I wanted to know like where does MPS sort of 
fit on the content side in the structure? Because like do we target these top five players and try 
to grow their accounts? Or are we catering more to the smaller universities and things like that? 
So if you can just throw some color that will be helpful. 
Rahul Arora: 
Our industry is very niche, and most people don't follow our sector. Let's draw parallels with 
another industry so that you and others on the call get where we're coming from. So, let's look 
at video-based content. So today, you have Netflix, Prime Video, and Disney driving content, 
and we all are accessing content through subscriptions. 
In our world, the publishers are Netflix and Amazon Prime, and Disney Hotstar. What MPS is 
doing is we are producing content that gets delivered through these companies. So, if more 
content is created worldwide, irrespective of the channels that provide the content, MPS will be 
successful. So, what we are doing is we are one step behind in the value chain. We are the 
producers of the content. And then all the names you described on the scientific journal's side 
are the content distributors. So, for us, the market could consolidate or get even more diversified, 
but we're concerned that there will be more content in the world five years from now. And as 
long as there's more content in the world five years from now, we will be successful. 
Arjun Goel: 
But in this scenario, right, don't the Elseviers get bargaining power because we are consolidating 
do they try I mean, do they try squeezing the likes of MPS? 
Rahul Arora: 
So, how does Netflix, Prime Video, or Disney differentiate themselves? They differentiate 
themselves through new, fresh content that beats the competition. So, the pressure is not on the 
price. The pressure is on differentiation. So, they need to work with vendor partners that can 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
enable the differentiation. So, the pressure is more on the quality. The pressure is more on the 
speed of the product. 
Arjun Goel: 
Thanks. That is very insightful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one on your touchtone 
telephone. We have the next question from the line of Keshav Garje from CKIPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Keshav Garje  
Sir, thank you for providing me with this opportunity. I wanted to congratulate you on an all-
time high profit this last quarter and we hope that the company stays on a growth trajectory. Sir, 
so since you mentioned in the call after the E.I. Design acquisition that we should be expecting 
at least one more acquisition in this financial year. 
Rahul Arora: 
I didn’t say that. I said that we are working on many acquisitions, and four out of them are warm. 
We can expect an acquisition in subsequent periods. I did not say that it would happen, it might 
happen, but I can’t confirm when it will happen. 
Keshav Garje: 
I stand corrected. But in any case, since we are looking out for acquisitions, and sir, with the 
recessionary trends in Western countries and the sentiments at rock bottom, so are you seeing 
the asking price for these acquisitions becoming more sensible and more lucrative for us? 
Rahul Arora: 
It appears to be a Buyer's market. Companies are asking for higher prices, but transactions are 
getting executed at more reasonable levels. We are seeing transactions getting completed at 
lower multiples. I can speak for our space.  
We're moving into a world of a Buyer's market. I wonder why this is; we see a lot more volume 
in the inflow of these possibilities. I'm not a Finance expert, but you have fewer opportunities if 
the market is dry. But for some reason, we are seeing a much heavier inflow of possible deals 
than we have in the last five years. 
 
It's a buyer's market because we are seeing transactions happening at a much lower multiple, 
given the growth of the business. And E.I is a good example. We bought them at less than 3.5 
times EBITDA, and this company is north of 20% EBITDA margin and growing at 15%- 16%. 
So, we have executed one this year itself.  
Keshav Garje: 
Sir, also wanted to understand that I joined this call a bit late, so I hope I'm not repeating myself, 
but this platform division, so you think that this financial year will be the last year of contraction 
and from next financial year, even this division will start growing?  
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. so this was our last acquisition of a distressed asset. We've now made seven distressed asset 
acquisitions before E.I. From our experience, we've seen that it takes five years, on average, 
across the seven that we've done for such an acquisition to start to perform. Our first year is 
about stopping the bleeding and ensuring they're cash positive. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
The second year is more about getting the customers and the employees satisfied. In the third 
year, the customers and employees tend to get more optimistic about the future, and we start to 
see some growth in the fourth year. And in the fifth year, things begin to take off. We've just 
started our third year in HighWire, and we will have to see how the cycle performs out, but that's 
typically been our experience, and HighWire is part of the course. Perhaps slightly ahead of the 
rest because HighWire was profitable from the first month. But other than from a growth 
perspective, it's going to follow that four-five-year cycle that we've seen.  
Keshav Garje: 
Ok Sir. Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mahesh from RIA. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh:  
 
What would be the size of the four opportunities that you're pursuing in eLearning? 
Rahul Arora: 
 
We are not looking at anything less than USD 10 million in revenue. 
Mahesh:  
 
So would that be bigger than E.I. Design? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, of course. E.I. was much smaller. So, we are not looking at anything less than USD 10 
million in revenue annually. We are not looking at anything that's declining. We are looking at 
profitable businesses that are growing, businesses that are north of $10 million in annual 
revenue, and thriving businesses. 
Mahesh:  
 
Are they based out of India? 
Rahul Arora: 
 
Sorry? 
Mahesh:  
 
Are these opportunities companies based out of India? 
Rahul Arora: 
 
We're looking at India-based and international opportunities both. 
Mahesh:  
 
Ok. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one on your touchtone 
telephone. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Rahul Arora for closing comments. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you, everyone. As I said, Q2 was a strong recovery after muted Q1. We continue to 
support our guidance from the first quarter that we will beat INR 100 crore in profit after tax in 
FY '23. Many experts tell me on the finance side that it is a magical moment when a company 
crosses that level, especially with a diversified customer mix, new opportunities get unlocked, 
and more unique plays open up. We are hopeful that once we achieve the level of scale, new 
opportunities will also open up for us. 
Thank you for all your support over the years. This has been a very long journey. And we're 
starting to see that MPS is now moving from being a small, midsized company to a company 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
seriously contemplating scale. So thank you for your support and great questions that keep us 
honest and humble. And again, thank you, everyone, and catch you on the next call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of MPS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. No unpublished price-sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
