 
Adani Wilmar Ltd.                                                        Tel  +91 79 2645 5650 
Fortune House                                                             Fax +91 79 2645 5621 
Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing                            info@adaniwilmar.in  
Ahmedabad – 380 009                                               www.adaniwilmar.com 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L15146GJ1999PLC035320 
 
Registered Office: Fortune House, Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing, Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India 
Ref No: AWL/SECT/2022-23/59 
 
10th November 2022 
  
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543458 
Scrip Code: AWL 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call Q2 F.Y. 23 of Adani Wilmar Limited (“the Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated 3rd November 2022 regarding audio 
recording of Q2 F.Y.23 Earnings call held on 3rd November 2022. Please find attached 
transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Adani Wilmar Limited 
 
 
 
 
Darshil Lakhia  
Company Secretary 
Memb. No. – ACS 20217 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
a d a n i 
wilmar 
DARSHIL 
MAYANK 
LAKHIA
Digitally signed 
by DARSHIL 
MAYANK LAKHIA 
Date: 2022.11.10 
11:24:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. GAURAV JOGANI – AXIS CAPITAL  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGSHU MALLICK - MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SHRIKANT KANHERE - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ABHIK DAS – INVESTOR RELATIONS & M&A 
adani 
wilmar 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 
AXIS CAPITAL 
' 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Adani Wilmar Limited Q2 
FY2023 Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thanks Inba. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining the call 
today. At Axis Capital, it is our absolute pleasure to host the senior 
management of Adani Wilmar for the Q2 FY2023 earnings call. We have with 
us Mr. Angshu Mallick, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director and 
Mr. Shrikant Kanhere, Chief Financial Officer. I will now hand over to call to 
Abhik from the management team. Thank you and over to you Abhik. 
Abhik Das: 
Thank you Gaurav. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the 
conference call of Adani Wilmar Limited. We will be covering this afternoon 
the results of September quarter as well as the half yearly financials for the 
period ended 30th September 2022. On the call with me is Mr. Angshu 
Mallick, MD and CEO and Mr. Shrikant Kanhere, Chief Financial Officer, Adani 
Wilmar Limited. We will start with the presentation followed by Q&A. I will 
now hand over the call to Mr. Kanhere. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Thank you Abhik and very good afternoon to everyone who has joined this 
call. Thank you very much. What we intend to do is, we will take you through 
a very brief presentation, which we have circulated in advance. I would 
request everyone to go through the slides while which I would be speaking. 
The presentation basically will cover the macro context just to speak about 
the events which has happened in this last quarter. We will also take you 
through business updates, financial results and of course, the outlook for Q3, 
along with strategy going forward. So, the quarter which has gone by was a 
very unusual quarter - not just for Adani Wilmar but for most of the food 
FMCG companies rather I would say. This was a quarter in which you saw 
everything which may happen to our business – from inflation, to a sharp 
price drop to geopolitical events. Inflation I think is something which has 
been debated across the globe and which is something which is in mind of 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
every central bank today. In spite of all efforts by all the central banks 
including RBI, the inflation remains elated in India as well, well above RBI 
tolerance level of 6%. We had seen series of rate hikes not only from the Fed 
and the European central bank, but also from Indian central bank. We do 
expect another rate hike coming up today evening when the meet happens. 
The monsoon also played a hide and seek as far as the Indian economy is 
concerned. To start with, it was a normal monsoon then it turned out to be an 
excess monsoon. 
 
Then finally it came out that there are certain states where the monsoon was 
deficient, and then finally these states also received the monsoon and at the 
end of the day, it was a delayed withdrawal of the monsoon - also which had 
to some extent impacted the paddy growing areas of India and it is possible 
that it may have some kind of impact on the production of the rice. Policy 
rates across the globe continue to rise. With yesterday’s rate Fed meet, we 
have another Fed hike by of 75 bps. RBI has already taken a rate hike of good 
190 basis points since May so we have rate hikes which are basically 
resulting into a higher interest cost, higher finance cost across all the 
businesses which will also have some kind of impact on the business 
performance. Besides these, the currency remained under pressure US dollar 
consolidating against most of the currencies across the globe, rupee 
depreciated more than 10% as we speak today since January 2022. This also 
has got an impact on the finance cost of the companies who have got a more 
dollarized raw material which is imported. Now these all things are at one 
side and while these were happening, we actually encountered with unusual 
sharp decline in commodity prices, particularly edible oil prices sometime in 
July and August. The prices fell 50%. The complex which was at $2000 a 
tonne at the end of June, fell almost 50% to $1000. So, Palm oil fell from 
$2000 a tonne to a little below $1000, soya from as high as $2000 to $1100, 
sunflower as high as $2200 to little less than $1500. So these all sharp drops 
actually impacted the players who have got inventory in hand and that is 
what has happened to us as well. We will talk on this a little bit more as the 
call goes forward. The ROPP market, the refined oil consumer pack oil market 
- also degrew for the last 12 months by 4% which is basically because of the 
out of home consumption going down. While all these events were not so 
good for the industry, but there are some positive signs now which are 
emerging and we hope that this will continue and we have a good Q3 and H2. 
There is a record import in September 2022, which is a sign that demand is 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
picking up. The festive season is already on. We had a very fantastic October 
month on the back of Diwali, because India celebrated Diwali after almost 2 
years - so we saw a very good month from the demand point of view as far as 
the October is concerned and of course since now the prices have already 
softened, we are very hopeful that this demand uptick will continue. The 
prices are already stabilized as far as the edible oil is concerned and also 
some bit of food prices are concerned. So this should continue. So it’s a 
mixed bag as far as the quarter is concerned, but very unusual. Actually, I 
have not seen such kind of quarter in my 10 years of experience at Adani 
Wilmar.  
 
So now we continue with the business update. If your presentation is before 
you, you can go to the slide about the business update. A very strong 
performance of the food and FMCG rather I would say when you look at the 
Q2 numbers edible oil was flattish for the Q2 as well as first half which is H1. 
However, food and FMCG grew by 41% and 47% respectively for the quarter 
and H1, which is a very good sign for us because food is the priority for the 
company as we move forward. Industry essentials also kept the growth at 
23% and 22% for Q2 and H1. 
 
We move to the next slide which talks about the sequential performance of 
the company on all the three basic segments edible oil, food and FMCG, and 
industrial essential. So this is something which gives us more optimism when 
we look at Q3 and H2. Sequentially, edible oil grew 17% quarter over quarter. 
That is Q2 over Q1 we grew by 17% which is also a sign that demand up tick 
will continue. Food FMCG grew by 17%, industry essential degrew by 8%, but 
it is more from one time business which we did in Q1. So overall quarter over 
quarter sequential growth gives us a good optimum picture for next quarter 
and the next half. As far as the market share is concerned in spite of such a 
volatile conditions prevalent during the Q2 we have been successfully able to 
defend our market share, not only defend, but we have been able to grow the 
market share as far as the edible oil is concerned it grew from 19.2 to 19.5. 
Wheat flour our journey of market consolidation continues little less than 5% 
now and we remain number two player of wheat flour in India. Basmati, 
Fortune only grew by 5.1 to 8.5 which is a very good consolidation of market 
share. Combined with Kohinoor now our market share is close to 10%. We 
acquired Kohinoor in the month of May. We launched it in July and we had a 
full launch of Kohinoor all brands in the month of August. Our market share is 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
now 10% and we are now a strong number three player in the country after 
KRBL and LT Foods. As far as our initiatives on D2C side is concerned we 
continued our focus on Fortune Mart. Today we have now 37 numbers of 
outlets across India, three new outlets got added in this quarter. We will 
continue to grow on this initiative and we hope that as we go forward, this 
initiative should start giving us more and profitable business. As far as the 
Fortune Online App is concerned which is also a part of D2C reach, the key 
milestone achieved now we are present in 25 cities where customer can 
order through our Fortune App and delivery he gets in 24 hours’ time, 3.4 lakh 
downloads, 6000 plus average monthly orders while from a size of a 
company like us it looks a very small number to talk about, but that’s how you 
start building the initiative to a big idea when you start with a small thing. 25 
cities today may be as we move forward in a years’ time we will have more 25 
cities, 50 cities in all. So that’s the initiative which is building slowly but 
steadily. The another initiative which we have been taking and now we are 
very much aligned in a sense that we understand there is a huge scope for 
Fortune as a brand in the international market as well and keeping that in 
mind, we have started clear cut focus on international market with GCC, USA, 
Canada, Singapore as main markets to address. We have a benefit of Wilmar 
distribution advantage in Africa, Europe, Australia and New Zealand and we 
hope that we will be able to leverage this when we take this up. The product 
portfolio that we want to take it to the international market is of course 
besides edible oil, wheat flour and rice so we would continue to give update 
on this particular initiative as we move from one quarter to another quarter. 
Various targeted ad campaigns which we did in last quarter I will not spend 
much time on this because it is already there in the presentation and I 
request who have joined this call to have a look at these campaign. Little bit 
update on the IPO capex. While all the IPO capex are going as per the 
timeline, there is one capex which is ready to be delivered sometime in Q3 is 
our wheat flour unit at Bundi, Rajasthan and we are very sure that this would 
add another best in class manufacturing facility in the fold Adani Wilmar and 
we should be able to deliver quality product from this factory as well. 
 
Now coming to the financial result and very important aspect of this call. I 
want to request all the participants to look at the slide having a headline 
financial result. So let us understand numbers starting with Q2 and H1. If the 
numbers are before you let us concentrate on a column year-on-year for the 
quarterly numbers. If you look at the volumes, overall volumes grew by 9%. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Having said that if everything would have been business as usual, our gross 
margins should have also grown by 9%, however, we degrew the gross margin 
by 1%, so we have a flattish absolute gross margin, let me emphasize this. 
Ideally, this should have grown by 9% because that is what we have been able 
to deliver year after year and quarter after quarter, so therefore if business 
would have been usual and our per ton EBITDA margins or a gross margin per 
ton would have been same, we should have been able to deliver the gross 
margin in line with the volume growth of 9%, so there is a delta of 10%, so 
against volume growth of 9%, our margins are flattish or -1%, so delta of 10%, 
this is something which I want to dwell a little more. This is because on the 
high cost inventory which we had when the sharp price drop happened in the 
month of July and August. 
 
Now whenever such sharp decline happens you will always find that company 
would be left with some kind of inventory in the hand which usually always 
will have because you will always have the inventory given the fact that you 
are the largest edible oil player of the country, you import more than 25% of 
countries edible oil, so this high cost inventory you have no option, but to 
pass on the price drop to the consumer in a bid to protect your market share 
and that is the evident also that our market share actually consolidated and 
grown, so in bid to product the market share we had no option but to pass on 
these price drop to the consumer, it is a very unusual and one time event 
which we have witnessed in last may be a decade or so. Now this has 
impacted gross margins by 10% which is close to Rs.150 Crores if I have to 
quantify it, now this Rs.150 Crores of gross margin impact is actually less 
than 10% of our full year EBITDA and we are quite confident this is the only a 
one time impact which has happened on the P&L and therefore as we move 
forward, we should be able to recover this. 
 
Now, if you look at from the price drop which market has seen, the market 
saw a price drop of good 50%, but we were able to restrict the EBITDA to the 
gross margin drop to the extent of only 10%, so that is thanks to our risk 
management policy or hedging policy that to some extent since we were 
hedged, the impact of 50% drop in our prices did not actually hit us badly, we 
were able to contain it to a good level. Post gross margins so whatever drop 
we saw at a gross margin level is there visible at PAT level also and EBITDA 
level also and we are of opinion that this is only a one time hit. Our brand 
equity and that is where the whole concept of a brand equity also comes in 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
that whenever such kind of event happens, your brand being able to sustain 
such kind of impacts. I think we have been able to demonstrate that in this 
quarterly results, while the results are down as compared to last year, but the 
size of price drop which industry has seen, we have been able to safeguard 
our P&L to some extent. 
 
When we look at H1 therefore since our Q1 was exceptionally good, we 
actually had grown year-on-year both on topline gross margin and EBITDA in 
Q1 and therefore to some extent the underperformance in the Q2 has been 
compensated by Q1 and therefore when you look at the H1 number, the 
volumes grew by 12% and our gross margin also grew by 13%, so to that 
extent the H1 profitability up to gross margin levels was protected; however 
when you go below the gross margin, the inflationary impact continued and 
the inflationary impact of the Q2 which we could not able to recover was 
evident on the bottomline and therefore against 12% of revenue, 16% of the 
revenue growth, the PAT fell by 32%.  
 
When we look at the segment revenues, I think here in this line I would more 
highlight on the food because we have talked much about edible oil in the 
earlier slides. Let us try and talk more on the food aspect of the business. We 
are happy that food is much ahead of delivering the EBITDA positive 
numbers. Our earlier expectation was that it should be an EBITDA neutral by 
somewhere around FY2024, but I think last quarter consistently we have 
been able to get the EBITDA positive numbers. The revenue is also growing 
very strong 58% growth in the revenue as far as the quarter is concerned and 
61% on the H1 and the EBITDA positive, so this is a good sign and we are 
banking on food business as we move forward in Q3 and H2. So going 
forward, our strategy would certainly remain the food business. Our strategy 
would certainly remain to ensure that we keep growing at high single digit on 
edible oil even if the market is degrowing to keep consolidating the edible oil 
market share and wherever possible get some premiumization on the strong 
markets of edible oil, so that sustainable cash flow keeps getting generated 
through edible oil business and that we keep nourishing our food business 
which is growing at 40%, 45% plus year-on-year and we are committed to do 
both organic and inorganic growth as far as the food basket is concerned. So 
this is all from my side and now I hand over the call to the moderator to open 
the lines for Q&A answer, myself and Mr. Mallick is here to answer questions 
that may come up from the participants. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the 
question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Abneesh 
Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. Sir, my question was on the margins, how do you see the outlook 
given there are two, three things happening here, so one is of course 
government has increased the import duty, so there could be some gain for 
your current inventory? Second is, you mentioned that there is a rupee 
depreciation which is also impacting, now in Q3 also rupee depreciation 
continues to be a concern, apart from this regional players come back in any 
FMCG whenever sharp deceleration happen and that is not something which 
is go away, because that is something which will continue at least for the 
next three quarters till the base effect happen. If I take all this into 
consideration, when do you see 3% kind of EBITDA margin coming back for 
you? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
As far as the Q3 and H2 is concerned I think we are very, very optimistic, we 
are optimistic given two basic fundamentals. One of course is demand has 
come back so that is not an issue now, so you have enough of demand in the 
market both in consumer pack as well as bulk pack and the other thing which 
has happened is now since the prices have more or less stabilized unless 
something, some very unusual geopolitical event happens and again you have 
something in store as far as the price speculation is concerned, but I think 
prices are more or less stabilized now and therefore the margins should settle 
in as far as the Q3 and Q4 is concerned, this one time impact which I felt 
which is around Rs.150 Crores on our gross margin, it is only a one time and 
we are very, very hopeful that we should be able to recover this in the Q3 and 
Q4. I would not comment on the percentage term EBITDA, but if these prices 
level continue I think 3.5% EBITDA is not going to be a challenge. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, one or two followup there, when we speak to the other premium edible oil 
player, they see not metric in terms of percentage EBITDA, they see EBITDA 
on a per liter basis, because that is the right metric, because if the price is 
crash by half, if you still go as per the percentage EBITDA, your absolute basis 
will become half, so in your case also should that apply and in that case 3.5% 
seemed to be lower number, I am not saying Q3, Q3 I understand still rupee 
depreciation and all those issues are there, but structurally I am saying in Q4, 
when stability will be there and rupee is not an issue, will not your EBITDA 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
margin go up even more than the 3.5% because you would also look at profits 
on a per liter basis rather than the gross margin or EBITDA margin to start 
with? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
You are absolutely right Abneesh and your analysis is absolutely correct. So if 
you look at our numbers of FY2021-FY2022 our EBITDA margins used to be in 
the range of 4.5% to 5% when the price levels were in the range of $1000 
and $800 which is right now today so having said that, yes 3.5% as I said is 
not going to be a challenge however the price level continue to be same what 
we have today, yes there is a possibility that we may actually hit more than 
4% of EBITDA margins and right we also look at EBITDA margins per kg and 
per tonne instead of looking at it as a percentage of our revenue. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Right my second followup question here is you are saying 17% quarter-on-
quarter volume growth in edible oil so wanted to understand that seasonality 
is it because of the earlier Pooja this time or was there any market share 
gain? I understand the Nielsen market share gain but let us ignore that? This 
17% Q-o-Q number is it there every year this kind of a variant? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Abneesh see this volume growth of 17% that you see this is of oil that you are 
talking of is this year the high prices in the first quarter actually reduced the 
rural consumption. The rural demand was very poor in April, May and June 
and then July, August and September the prices started coming down and 
the pressure on our self to reduce the prices were very high. Two sides, one 
we wanted to hold on to our market share and second the government was 
intervening almost every week and asking us how much have you reduced, 
how much have you reduced and they were comparing with the international 
fall and our reduction in MRP and you have seen that at least three to four 
times we have announced in the newspaper that we have reduced the price 
and that reduction in price helped in increasing consumption hence you have 
seen Q2 grow. Q3 if you ask me how do we look at it personally October has 
been fantastic. I am sure other FMCG companies also must have done well 
but edible oil has done remarkably well. That is because one after two years 
people celebrated Diwali. October being a month where Diwali and Dussehra 
both were coinciding and market prices came down so everything was 
looking very good. Overall the things were looking brighter for the consumer 
point of view and out of home consumption improved significantly because 
you have seen how people have been travelling. Even the airlines reported 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
more than 30% growth. Now this and going forward the marriage season we 
have a calculation of more than 3 lakh marriages and that 3 lakh marriages 
Fortune is one of the most sort after oil in marriages particularly UP, Bihar, 
Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, and Rajasthan so these are the markets 
where there will big marriages and obviously Adani Wilmar will have 
advantage. We have Basmati rice also so this year we have rice. We have 
Maida. We have Basal and sugar along with oil so there are five products with 
which we are actually going to the trade and caterers and everybody and we 
are offering them so I think this season will be very good. Marriage starts 
from November 15 and till December 15 there is going to be big marriages 
around. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure Sir and that is helpful. Last question is on the rice this year so one is 
your own market share has improved sharply from 5.1% to 8.5% that is a big 
jump so want to understand is it because of the GST change which happened 
on the pre package so 5% GST was put and second is I see only 1.5% share for 
Kohinoor because you have said that 10% is the overall share 8.5% coming 
from your own Fortune brand? 1.5% seems quite low. I understand Kohinoor 
has gone through a lot of changes, where do you see Kohinoor setting in 
terms of market share in three to four years because should it go back the 
peak market share when the business was being run smoothly. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay I will first come to Kohinoor. Kohinoor historically 2020-2021 the year of 
McCormick was running full year they did around 35,000 tonnes all put 
together. I think to reach that level I need one year. One that is because 
Kohinoor is very famous for its Bathi season. You know in Gujarat and in parts 
of Maharashtra there is called Bathi season which starts from November. This 
is a new crop and new crop continues till November, December and January. 
In three months they used to be the leader and selling more than 6000 
tonnes to 8000 tonnes during this three months only in Gujarat so I think 
that should bring back Kohinoor glory so we are getting ready to launch that 
on November 10. After that Kohinoor supply chain was disrupted as you know 
so we started fixing. We wanted the same grain and the quality of purity to 
be at that level so getting the grain across the country from millers was 
difficult because we are at the end of the season so we could manage that. 
Slowly we have entered the modern format stores. The Kohinoor almost 45% 
to 50% sale comes from modern trade and modern trade was reluctant to 
start this new category again because they were heavy on the Diwali and 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Dussehra demands so in fact Amazon has started. Now slowly Flipkart is 
going ahead and Reliance will go ahead and by one month most of the chains 
will have Kohinoor in their outlets or in their chains so that is important. 
Hotels we have to do new deals with them so everybody wanted to do deal 
only after Diwali because everybody has completed their Diwali deal in 
August and September so we were late for that so all these things one by one 
we are putting it and I am sure Kohinoor will get back into its original form. 
When it comes to our 8.5% how did we go there? You have seen in the 
Dussehra and Diwali we had a big scheme Fortune oil 5kg and 5kg ever day 
Basmati rice and sugar of Reliance and you will not believe we have sold 
more than half a million packs of rice so that is the kind of success the 
scheme so we supply that and Flipkart has done remarkably well in Fortune 
and Basmati rice. General trade also picked up a bit and surely we were able 
to push our brand Fortune. Over the years Fortune as a food has started 
getting accepted and recognized. We were always known as an oil brand but 
in the last three to four years we have built it up and you can also see from 
the communication that some amount of visibility of food is now available 
put to this. Now when it comes to GST I am happy to tell you this is what we 
have been fighting for five years. We got this and the industry where brand is 
recognized we are all having an advantage. Honestly 5% advantage in 
commodity or food is a big advantage in staples so we are seeing slowly 
people who were getting that benefit of weeding out. I can see that more in 
Atta than rice honestly because in Atta I can see local players who are small, 
small players who are having advantage over us is now slowly getting out. 
That is why our flour business is also doing more than 25% branded Atta flour 
so that is what it is. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure Sir that is very helpful. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you. Sir my first question is with regards to reach of our edible oils so if 
you can share how much is our total edible oil reach in terms of direct and 
indirect and what kind of synergies do we enjoy from our food business with 
the edible oils business? 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Angshu Mallick: 
See direct coverage today is ranging of around 5.7 lakh outlets. We have a 
target to reach 6 lakh outlets direct coverage before March 31. Indirectly we 
are reaching 1.6 million outlets across the country. South and West obviously 
we are a little weak but very strong in North, East and Central. As far as the 
synergy is concerned let me tell you 45% of branded basin business comes 
from rural. For me rural is 1 lakh and below. Any town we consider as rural so 
45% of basin sales comes from there. Around 20% to 22% Basmati branded 
sales comes from there and almost 12% of sugar sales comes from these 
markets. There our distributors are common. They go with oil and food 
together. I have an advantage over others. I don’t think anybody can only 
send one product to a rural market of say 50,000 population town and then 
ask him to be a viable distributor. But when he goes with a basket of 
products the retailer is also selling, the same retailer is selling all the 
products so he gets advantage not only buy oil sometime buy flour, sometime 
suji, rava, this time maida was hot cake before the festival so all these 
branded products got entry into rural. Now when it comes to metro city our 
distributors are separate that I have done it because the volumes in Delhi, 
Bombay is much higher for food so food distributor can concentrate more 
and bring volumes there which we are taking advantage but less than 5 lakh 
population town all are common and that common is helping me to become 
more stronger. The distributors are becoming stronger and volumes are 
increasing. Second somewhere atta is runner and oil follows. Sometime oil is 
the runner and food follows so it depends on the strength of the market and 
the strength of our competition. If the competition is weak then I get 
advantage in those market for food.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure Sir, thanks for this. Other question it regard to recent listed player as 
acquired Badshah Masalas very recently and there are earning couple of 
more deal in the spices space particularly so any thoughts from your end if 
you look also actively looking into this space given you know it is very 
synergistic to our overall food business and what are your thoughts on the 
same. 
Angshu Mallick: 
See Fortune and Adani Wilmar is supposed to be there everything where our 
kitchen needs from ladies point of view she needs spices, she needs sugar, 
she needs oil so spices are surely one of the ingredient in which there is an 
opportunity there is a scope. Dabur has taken Badshah and we are not close 
to anything honestly. Anytime a good opportunity comes we will surely study 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
and we are not close to it honestly anything that comes up we can study. Is 
part of the kitchen so we are open to it. 
Interviewer: 
Sure Sir. That’s all from me from now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Hi Sir thank you for taking my question. If you can just jog our memory with 
respect to the realization per tonne that we had seen in the past couple of 
years. I remember it was pretty much at a low level and when the edible oil 
prices started to shoot up our realization per tonne also shot up and we see 
now that has moderated so versus 2 years back historical levels what it was, 
how much it shot up and where is it currently if you can throw some light on 
that. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Mihir in our business we don’t track much on the realization per metric tonne 
or realization per kg because at the end of the day for us the matrix to look at 
is the EBITDA or gross margin per kg or per litre basis because realization 
more or less for us are pass through in fact last year we had seen a 
realization of Sunflower in excess of Rs.200 a litre whereas now it is 
anywhere between 170 to 175 so it has moderated to that level. Soya which 
used to be at Rs.180 a kg or litre is now at Rs.141 to 142 a litre so these are 
all market driven and therefore if your question is coming from… 
Mihir Shah: 
I mean gross margin Sir this is what I was referring to. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Okay so gross margins per tonne we would continue to deliver in a range of 
10,500 to Rs.11000 rupees a tonne so this is what our target is and we 
should be able to deliver that and this is what we have been delivering for 
last couple of years so that should be there irrespective of whatever 
realization and this culminates into gross margin of 11% to 12% depending 
upon what kind of realization you are able to get. But 11000 to 11500 is 
something which we drive for in edible oil and we are able to get that. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood with the current oil outlook if you can throw some light on how is 
the edible oil price outlook can one expect further moderation of edible oil 
prices and then how will that impact our margin profile basically. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Mihir interesting question and very difficult. I will tell you honestly. Few days 
back who knew that new Brazilian president is in favor of bio diesel and the 
moment he came he has said B14, B15. You know B14 means 1.5 million 
tonnes of oil will be sucked out of the system and we will go to bio diesel and 
2.5 million tonne will happen if it is B15 from January 2023. Now tell me few 
days back people were saying the markets had gone up almost 20% so fast it 
is likely to come back like what happened earlier. Today the new Brazilian 
president says something and he sucks out this extra from the market 
instead of being a net exporter Brazil might become a net importer for soya 
bean oil so these are some of the things the geopolitical part which happens, 
very difficult to predict how the market runs but we understand one thing we 
should not get into speculative mode or anything we have a brand. We have 
to be steady. We are buying at whatever spot market. We are bringing that 
stock. We are keeping it hedged to the extent that is required and then 
slowly build the volume across that. There are so many things that is 
happening, one is exchange rate then all of a sudden the black seed there is 
an issue that again the issue is resolved so it goes up then it comes down. 
Sowing season is going on so there is an issue. China COVID where whether 
they will consume less we do not know. All these things are very interesting 
to watch and to continue that is why we keep on looking at everyday event, 
but we continue to still sell daily and India is different than anybody else. 
India is consuming well. Consumers are very confident here and edible oil, 
staples both rice, wheat flour, oil even FMCG product the consumption is very 
good India. So India cannot be compared with these nations surely we are 
better off. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood Sir. Thank you for that. Lastly on demand I clearly understand 
your point with respect to festive demand up tick and upcoming strong 
wedding season and so on but if you have to listen to the narrative of other 
consumer companies some companies are also expecting good rural recovery 
however certain companies are saying rural is still under stress I wanted to 
hear your thoughts on how should one look into the demands scenario 
especially from rural how is it shaping up from your lens Sir. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See we have always seen H1 to be lower than H2 for rural. H1 is summer and 
Q2 is normally the sowing season July, August, September where the farmer 
is very much interested in sowing and working in the field because he is 
unsure what will happen. From October the harvest season starts this year it 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
got little delayed so that was a worry for all of us but after 15th of October 
things have become normal. I just came back from Punjab and this bounty 
crop for basmati rice is around 6% to 8% higher crop. They are getting better 
price and the farmers are looking very happy. They are making more money 
than last year but Punjab farmers cannot be compared with others so Punjab 
rural is like an urban of any other city so it looked very prosperous because I 
have been to small towns but when it comes to by and large the rural are 
happy. They are getting better money for soya bean. They have got better 
money for paddy and overall good money will come in their hands so October, 
November onwards once the festive season is there, marriage season is there 
you will find there is uptick of demand and rural should do better in H2 than 
H1 at least I am confident upon staples point of view. Now any other 
products I am not very sure but I think the basic staples will find a better way, 
particularly edible oils. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it Sir. Thank you very much very clear. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Karan Bhuwania from ICICI 
Securities please go ahead. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
You have highlighted that there has been destocking at the distribution level 
due to sudden fall in the prices of edible oil right so has the stock level and 
distributors level have normalized and what is the distribution there. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes your observation is right. This destocking happened when the prices 
were going down almost bone dry it is three days inventory. Now once the 
prices have started going up and festival season have started, I think they 
have started stocking very, very well. October sales by and large from the 
industry point of view I am telling you is 20% higher than September. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Gaurav Jogani 
from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Just a follow up to the earlier participant’s question. Because of the 
continuous volatility in terms of the edible oil prices that we see what is your 
sense in terms of the unorganized players what happens to them in such a 
situation and do we gain some permanent market share from these guys so 
anything on this would be really helpful. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See as a bigger player and as a player where Wilmar is partner and Wilmar 
operating in some many countries including Ukraine, Russia, Argentina and 
Europe and other places. They have a very good insight of what is happening. 
If I can tell you that how much soya bean oil will be sucked out of the system 
is only because of Wilmar is studying the bio diesel and Wilmar is also in the 
bio diesel business and they produce lot of bio diesel in Indonesia and 
Malaysia so they understand the bio diesel market and if they understand bio 
diesel it has an impact on the edible oil market so all in all there are team of 
people who work in Wilmar who are working in all the commodities. Now for a 
smaller player such type of information might come to you after 24 hours or 
36 hours and that is the arbitrage that you can have that how quickly you can 
decide what will happen. So Brazilian president coming and he might favor 
bio diesel can be 10 minutes or 15 minutes advantage is good enough to win 
this game that is one. Two, stability of hedging risk and hedging is also very 
important as a commodity player not everybody can hedge at CBOT exchange 
or at Mdex and all that because India there is no hedging tool so 
internationally you can hedge provided you have a credibility so that is also 
helping us because we are both Adani and Wilmar so we get that advantage. 
So you will find consolidation happening going forward and there is a stress 
that you will see in the industry. 
Guarav Jogani: 
Sure Sir. Sir if you can guide any guess what kind of market share gains 
would we have seen over the past one to one and half years and which are 
the key players that you would be competing with now? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
We have seen market share gain and more market share gain will come as we 
increase our direct distribution. We increase our penetration in South and 
West were we are weak so surely we are working on it that is one. As far as 
competition is concerned direct competition is not there with anybody 
because we are almost 7% higher than our next competitor so there is big gap 
between us. The issue is always that each of these players are regional in 
nature whether you take somebody in south or in east they are regional in 
nature so you have to fight them regionally and they have some advantages 
because of their reach or being local that is one. As far as mustard is 
concerned we are a clear major player. We have more than 12.5% share and 
the next player is 6%. We are the largest player of mustard oil in the country 
and there will be lot of advantage once the GM mustard is also introduced so 
we are expanding our capacity there in mustard. So mustard will be a new 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 

 
 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
game in the next 3 to 5 years we being the leader there we have lot of role to 
play. 
Guarav Jogani: 
Sure Sir. That is all from me Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you that was the last question for today. I now hand the floor back to 
the management of Adani Wilmar for closing comments over to you Sir. 
Abhik Das: 
Thank you all the participants for joining the call and listening to our 
quarterly numbers and the explanations which we offered.  I hope it has been 
very useful for you all. Thank you very much and have a good day. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Thank you all I hope I have been able to give you my insights and my thoughts 
on how things are if anything more, obviously you can always get in touch. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nat ion 
