,. 
dh 
ur 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Date: November 09, 2022 
To, 
The Manager - Listing 
Dept of Corp. Services, 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai: 400001 
Scrip Code: 543593 
The Manager - Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange plaza,Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: DBOL 
Dear Sir/Mam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Conference Call/ Analyst Meet held on November 02, 2022 
In Continuation to our letter dated November 02, 2022 and in compliance with the regulation 30(6) 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find attached 
the Transcript oflnvestor Conference Call/ Analyst Meet held on November 02, 2022. 
In Compliance with the regulation 46, the same is also available on the Company's website i.e. 
www.dhampur.com 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking You 
Your Sincerely, 
For Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
Ashu Rawat 
Company Secretary 
M. No. 22810 
Corp. Office: Second Floor, Plot No. 201, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase Ill, New Delhi - 11 O 020, India, Tel: +91-11 - 6905 5200, Email: corporateoffice@dhampur.com, Website: www.dhampur.com 
Regd. Office: Sugar Mill Compound, Village & Post-Asmoli, Distt. Sambhal, Uttar Pradesh -244304, Tel: +91-7302318313 
CIN: U 15100UP2020PLC136939 
Ashu 
Rawat
Digitally signed 
by Ashu Rawat 
Date: 2022.11.09 
21:20:26 +05'30'

,~ 
dhampur 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
"Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
Q2 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call" 
November 02, 2022 
,. 
dhompur 
SECURITIES LTD 
DhampurBioOrganics Ltd. 
1, 1 
_ J L I 
Jl 
i:; 
., • 
L L• 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. GAUTAM GOEL-MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. NALIN GUPTA- 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. MUKUL SHARMA - CHIEF OF STAFF 
MR. ATUL SINGH - HEAD OF SALES 
Ms. ASHU RA WAT - COMPANY SECRETARY 
Ms. SONIKA MALHOTRA - SR MANAGER FINANCE & ACCOUNTS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN AGRA WAL - HEAD INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
SKP SECURITIES LIMITED 
Page 1 of 9 

,. 
dhampur 
Dhampur BioOr9anics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
November 02, 2022 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Dhampur Bio Organics Limited Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Agrawal, Head Institutional Equities at SKP Securities 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agrawal: 
Gautam Goel: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to welcome you on behalf of Dhampur Bio 
Organics Limited and SKP Securities to this financial results conference call. We have with us; Mr. 
Gautam Goel, Managing Director and his colleagues; Mr. Nalin Gupta, CFO; Mr. Mukul Sharma, COS; 
Mr. Atul Singh, Head of Sales; Ms. Ashu Rawat, Company Secretary and Ms. Sonika Malhotra, Senior 
Manager, Finance and Accounts. We'll have the opening remarks from Mr. Goel, followed by a Q&A 
session. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Goel. 
Thank you, Navin. Namaskar and a very warm welcome to the Q2 and Hl FY '23 Dhampur Bio Organics 
Limited (DBOL) Earnings Conference Call. As you are all aware, the equity shares ofDBOL listed on 
the BSE and NSE on September 81\ 2022. The first section of our con call will contain a brief outline of 
our understanding of the macro environment, and its possible impact on our business. 
In the second section, we'll give a snapshot of our performance in this quarter, which will then be 
followed by our CFO, Nalin, running through the financial numbers for the quarter. After which we will 
be glad to answer any queries, you may have. 
The macro global and domestic outlook continues to be inflationary and cautious. 
We are aware the Indian sugar industry produced 36 million tons of sugar and about 3 .5 million tons of 
sugar was diverted into ethanol production this year. The domestic consumption is pegged at 27 .5 million 
tons and after a record export of 11 million tons, we would be left with an opening stock of about 6 
million tons. The production scenario for the next year is equally bullish. Production estimates for next 
year is around 36.5 million tons post diversion of about 4.5 million tons of sugar to ethanol. 
It is believed the government of India will permit exports under the MAEQ Scheme with 6 million tons 
being allocated for exports in the first phase. The industry is hopeful that further quantities could be 
permitted sometime during early part of next year, once there is a greater assurance on the production 
numbers. Global trade flows for raw and white is very tight till Q 1 of 2023. Considering the crushing for 
new season in Brazil will start from April '23, and Thailand production will start to peak from mid- 
February. This tightness should help India place the sugar in the destination markets at very good prices 
till early 2023, after which there is a possibility of softness in the international markets. The trade believes 
about 2 million tons of sugar in all forms, which is raws, low-quality white and refined sugars have 
already been contracted from India for exports. 
Page 2 of9 

,. 
dhampur 
Dhampur BioOr9anics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
November 02, 2022 
On the global sugar front, 2022-23 global surplus is expected around 4 million tons. However, some of 
this surplus is sitting in regions which cannot export, like Pakistan and Russia. Brazil is estimated to 
crush 590 million to 600 million tons in 2022-23 versus 542 million tons this year. Sugar production is 
estimated at 38-38.5 million tons in Brazil, which is up 5 million tons from last year. 
The Thai production is estimated to be around 12 million tons, up 2 million tons, and this sugar in the 
form of raws and white would start trickling into the world markets from mid-January onwards, and will 
be competing with the Indian sugars. 
Due to the adverse climatical conditions and continued drought in Europe, it is expected to result in a 
drop in production as compared to the previous years. They expect to produce 16.5 million tons this year 
which should be 1.24 million tons lower than last year. The increase in energy prices would also result 
in higher cost of production. Local prices in Europe are hovering around EUR I, I 00 per metric tons, 
which makes exports unviable from the EU. In fact, these high prices could also result in some non-quota 
sugar also finding homes within the EU. 
The ethanol sector continues to enjoy favorable tailwinds with a robust demand and proactive 
government policies. Against the contracted quantities of 454.71 crore litres, 367.08 crore litres of 
ethanol has been supplied till October 16, 2022 and is resulting in a blending percentage of9.7% till date. 
Out of the above contracted quantities, the sugar sector has contracted 368.53 crore litres and supplied 
310.46 crore litres till October 16th, 2022 which is roughly about 96% of pro rata quantities. Out of the 
above supplies, roughly 82% ethanol was made from B-heavy molasses and sugar syrup. 
Although significant grain distillation capacities are being commissioned, but it appears that sugar sector 
will remain the principal stakeholder in the ethanol blending programs. As the raw materials for the grain- 
based ethanol plants are subject to a considerably higher volatility vis-a-vis the sugar sector. 
Additionally, policy tweaks in the auto sector, such as measures, which encourage higher blending 
percentages and introduction of flex fuel engines that can run on 100% ethanol will further boost the 
ethanol sector. 
In order to accelerate the introduction of flex fuel vehicles, Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme 
has included automobile and auto components of flex fuel vehicles. The government has notified the 
standards for E85, E90 and E95 engines, depending on the percentage of petrol as against the percentage 
of ethanol mix. Flex fuel stations are being installed for dispensing ethanol blends and CNG among other 
fuels for trials and then scale the such dispensing stations PAN India. Various states like Jharkhand, UP, 
Gujarat, Punjab Kamataka, etc. are also coming up with their own ethanol policies, to boost ethanol 
production and use. 
The additional duty on unblended ethanol will push oil companies to procure more ethanol for mixing in 
petrol and arrange for logistics for transporting to deficit areas. Once again, the government is showing 
its intent to maximize ethanol production in the country by raising the prices of ethanol to be supplied in 
the coming year. 
Page 3 of9 

,. 
dhampur 
Dhampur BioOr9anics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
November 02, 2022 
As per the latest new reports the prices of C-Heavy ethanol prices have been increased by INR 2.75 per 
litre, and the new revised prices will be INR 49.41 per litre. The prices of B-heavy ethanol have been 
increased by INR 1.65 and will now be INR 60.73 per litre and the prices of sugarcane juice ethanol have 
been increased by INR 2.16 to INR 65.61 per litre. 
DBOL is well poised to capitalize on the opportunity, and we are confident of maximizing our ethanol 
production, both with cane juice and B-Heavy molasses. One potential area of concern is the policy to 
reserve molasses for country liquor segment in Uttar Pradesh. Owing to a substantial and unforeseen 
increase in demand for country liquor. Uttar Pradesh increased the levy ratio from 18% to 20% for the 
2021-22 season, that is with retrospective effect. 
I would now like to begin the second segment of our con call, highlighting our operational performance. 
The key highlight for this quarter was the commencement of a country liquor manufacturing facility in 
July '22 and I'm glad to report we manufactured and sold around 1.2 lakh cases. We are aggressively 
working to increase our sale of country liquor and hope it will take care of a substantial portion of our 
levy obligation going forward. 
During our last con call, we had mentioned that our distillery was shut down during June, for its annual 
maintenance and rectification work, which were related to the commissioning of the enhanced ethanol 
capacity in January 2022. We are glad to report that the set works were successfully completed and a 
distillery is now operating at its designed capacity and efficiency. 
Once again, the late rains in October delayed the start of cane crushing and our factories would commence 
cane crushing in this week itself. However, we don't anticipate any adverse impact on our overall cane 
availability. Owing to our continuous cane development efforts, we expect a higher cane crush as 
compared to the previous years. The SAP for UP for the current sugar season has not yet been announced. 
We believe cane development will continue to be a core activity, which will result in both increased raw 
material availability and also a better-quality raw material. In order to ensure adequate availability of 
seed material for high-quality cane, we have established a tissue culture lab with a capacity of 2 lakh 
seedlings per year. We also piloted usage of drones for cost-effective application of nutrients and 
pesticides on sugarcane crop across our three plants. We are greatly encouraged by its results and believe 
going forward, it will become an efficient and effective vehicle for crop management. 
I would now like to invite Nalin, our CFO, to give the brief highlights of our financial performance. Over 
to you, Nalin. 
Nalin Gupta: 
Thank you, Gautam, and Namaskar, to everyone. First, I would like to start with our key highlights for 
this quarter ended September 30, 2022. 
Our revenue, EBITDA and profit before tax in Q2 FY '23 stood at INR 541.63 crores. EBITDA ofINR 
28.15 crores and PBT of INR 10.32 crores, respectively. Our revenues, EBITDA and PBT for the 
corresponding period last year was INR 359.20 crores, EBITDA ofINR 13.85 crores and PBT ofINR 
Page 4 of9 

,. 
dhampur 
Dhampur BioOr9anics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
November 02, 2022 
2.53 crores. Profit after tax in this quarter stood at INR 7.56 crores against INR 76 lakhs in the same 
quarter last year. Our revenue was higher by 52%, EBITDA was higher by 103% and PBT was higher 
307% as compared to the previous year in the same quarter. Our interest costs increased to INR 9.10 
crores as against the INR 5.98 crores in the same quarter last year. Increase in interest cost is due to 
higher working capital utilization on account of higher inventory we are carrying and also due to higher 
interest rate as compared to Q2 FY '22. 
In this quarter, we have accounted for additional levy obligation of molasses of 2% due to change in 
policy for the full sugar season, which had an impact of around INR 7 crores taking into account the loss 
of the value addition in form of ethanol. We have also accounted for additional liability of INR 8.51 
crores due to a revision in wage board rates effective from I st October 2018. 
Our sugar realization for Q2 FY '23 stood at INR 35.75 paisa per kg as against INR 35.07 paisa per kg 
in the corresponding period last year. Sugar sales in this quarter stood at 1.04 lakh tons against 0.83 lakh 
tons in the September quarter last year. Our inventory as on 30th September '22 stood at 1.06 lakh tons 
of sugar, which has been valued at 35.23 per kg. Our inventory as on 30th September '21 stood at 1.07 
tons, which was valued at INR 30.58 per kg. 
We sold 236.33 lakh bulk litres of ethanol in this quarter out of this 220.81 lakh bulk litres of ethanol 
was derived out ofB-heavy at an average relation of 58.76 per litre and we supplied 15.52 lakh litres of 
ENA, which has been derived out of C-Heavy at an average realization of INR 19.5 per litre. Last year, 
in this quarter, we had supplied 112.53 lakh litres of ethanol, B-heavy last year average realization stood 
at INR 57.39 per litre. An increase in sale of ethanol in this quarter is INR 123.8 Lakh bulk litres reported 
as compared to Q2 FY22. Country liquor production started at Asmoli unit in this quarter, and we sold 
1,19,350 cases during this quarter. Going forward, we expect the volumes to increase substantially. As 
discussed during the last con call, about the higher COP of our ethanol due to teething issues in the new 
plant, Our COP during this quarter has improved to INR 42.66 per litre from INR 46.56 per litre in QI 
FY'23. 
We generated 1.10 crores units in this Q2 FY '23 against 57 lakh units in the same period last year. We 
exported 2.04 units at an average realization of3.3 per unit in this half year ended 30th September '22 as 
compared to 2.75 crores units in the same period last year. 
In Q2 FY '23, Sugar division reported revenue ofINR 452.75 crores, which accounts for 72% of the total 
revenue as compared to 83% in the same quarter last year. EBIT in this segment stood at a negative of 
INR 1.26 crores in Q2 FY '23 as compared to loss of INR 98 lakhs in the Q2 FY '22. 
Our revenue from ethanol segment is stood at INR 166.43 crores as against INR 60.77 crores in Q2 FY 
'22. Ethanol revenue increased significantly as compared to September quarter last year, on account of 
expanded capacity this year. EBIT in this quarter form ethanol segment stood at INR 31. 73 crores as 
against INR 17 .26 crores last year. 
During this quarter, the revenue from the Power segment stood at INR 8.74 crores with the loss ofINR 
2 crores versus revenue ofINR 4.4 crores and loss ofINR 3.87 crores in Q2 FY '22. 
Page 5 of9 

,. 
dhampur 
Dhampur BioOr9anics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
November 02, 2022 
We made repayment of INR 17.30 crores of long-term loans during this quarter. Our long-term loans 
stood at INR 235.47 crores. Higher long-term loans are due to the fresh disbursement on account of the 
ongoing capex, which we discussed in this con call also. The key areas where the capex is being 
undertaken is towards manufacturing pharma-grade sugar, especially targeted for export and premium 
domestic institutional sector. We have also incurred capex to reduce our losses and steam consumption, 
addition of CO2 plant and enhancing our ETP capacities and capabilities. Our capex are running on 
schedule, and we hope to start driving the benefits from this sugar season itself. 
As already mentioned by Gautam, equity shares of Dhampur Bio Organics Limited got listed on BSE 
and NSE on September 8th 2022. The shares swap between both the promoters group has already 
commenced in terms of the scheme of arrangement, the demerger scheme. 
Long-term and short-term ratings of the companies continues to be assigned at A+ with outlook - Stable 
by CARE ratings. 
Now these were the broad numbers. We would like now to invite the questions and queries from the 
participants. Over to you, Navin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer-session. Participants 
who wish to ask a question may kindly press star one on your touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
withdraw yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan Limited. 
Kindly proceed. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Gautam Goel: 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Gautam Goel: 
Yes. Congrats for a good set of numbers, and thanks for giving me the opportunity Sir, I have a few 
questions. First, in your initial comment, you mentioned that despite there is a slow delayed start in the 
season, you are anticipating sugar production to be higher on a year-on-year basis. So can you help us, 
what are your expectation in terms of production in the state of UP and for you, particularly for this 
reason? 
Sorry, Do you want to state all your questions or should I answer this question first. 
I will ask my second question. I just want to understand the additional levy obligation of 2%. So if you 
help me understand what exactly it is and whether this is something which will continue in the quarters 
ahead? And the third question is after the increase in the ethanol capacity, what kind of ethanol production 
you are expected over the next two years to three years? So these are my three questions. 
Thank you very much. So on the first question regarding the estimated production in UP. So the SMA 
numbers have expected the UP production to increase pre-diversion from 114 to 123. So they're seeing 
about a 7% to 8% increase. These estimates were taken prior to this late surge of monsoons in October 
where, of course, there was a lot of water stagnation in East UP. Cane being a hardy crop, we don't see 
too much of damage there. I think the numbers in UP should be in line with the estimates. Too early to 
say on the recovery, but the preliminary trends are positive. We expect to do equivalent to the increase 
Page 6 of9 

,. 
dhampur 
Dhampur BioOr9anics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
November 02, 2022 
in UP or better, we would not like to give any specific numbers at this stage. But we are hoping to do 
equivalent or better than the average of UP. 
The second question, which you have on the levy obligation. The UP government has announced an 18% 
reservation of molasses basis C-heavy production for the year, for the sugar year 2021-22. In the month 
of July, we figured out that the country liquor sales were going considerably higher than what they 
projected. So they said, we will increase the blending, the reservation policy instead of 18%, we'll make 
it 20%, but they said, we will make it for the full year. That is from retrospective effect. So basically, the 
impact for the last quarter became an 8% additional levy for the corresponding quarter and additional 
6% for the previous quarters. This impacted the overall raw material that we had stated for ourselves for 
producing ethanol. Certainly, about 8% of that had to be diverted for country liquor, which resulted in 
not being able to supply the desired ethanol we wanted to in this last quarter. 
Lastly, on the increase in ethanol capacity. Our ethanol capacities increased to 312,000 liters per day, on 
B-heavy setup and we hope to be able to remain close to 100% capacity for the coming years. We will 
consider to expand our ethanol capacities. We are starting on these various things. I think if the matter 
gets finalized in our board, and we will be in a clearer position to elaborate it further. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Gautam Goel: 
Moderator: 
Nimis Sheth: 
Gautam Goel: 
And sir, this expansion, what you're planning to do for your ethanol capacity? Will it be done through 
the loan or will you be comfortable doing it through your internal affairs? 
As I just mentioned right now, we have not announced any ethanol expansions. We are studying all the 
things. It will be coupled with our raw material capacity. We will be discussing it with our board. And 
in due course, we'll make the necessary announcements of our plan. 
Thank you, Participant. The next question is from the line of Nimis Sheth, from GT Advisory. Kindly 
proceed. 
Thank you for your inputs on the global sugar industry and obviously, the Indian sugar industry. So quite 
useful. I have a question on your country liquor. That is, generic question for UP. You are now at 20% 
levy. And you have now commissioned a new country liquor plant, which will make about 28 lakh cases 
of country liquor. If you were to make the full amount, what percentage of your levy gets covered, which 
basically reduces your losses? Is it all 20%? Is it only 10% is only half? 
So Nimish, yes. So the country liquor policy is for 20% of C-molasses, so obviously, it will get adjusted 
for the corresponding quantities for B- molasses, but ethanol capacity of the plant that we have. Currently, 
we can, see the current capacity will probably help us a little bit, I would probably need a couple of more 
minutes of your time. 
Nimis Sheth: 
No, this is I'm asking only country liquor. When you make country liquor you will obviously cut your 
losses by some amount. 
Management: 
Correct? 
Page 7 of9 

,. 
dhampur 
Dhampur BioOr9anics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
November 02, 2022 
Nimis Sheth: 
So okay, I'll frame the question another way. If you were to consume the full 20% oflevy and converted 
into country liquor, how much capacity of country liquid do you need? You need 5 million cases? I mean, 
so is there scope to double the expansion or? 
Gautam Goel: 
Nimis Sheth: 
Gautam Goel: 
Moderator: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Yes. So we have planned. We have adequate scope to produce the entire country liquor with some minor 
additions and capacity enhancements. Looking at basically probably we have to add some lines of tetra. 
We have to add some tetra because there's a country liquor demand in the tetra packaging is expanding 
in UP. We estimate about 3 million cases should be required for fulfilling our levy quota. In the coming 
year, we don't know whether we'll be able to fulfill 100% of our quantity, but we are hopeful it will be a 
sizable quantity. It will be upwards of 50% is what we definitely project for ourselves. So from being 
close to less than about 5% for this year. 
Total for Full year will be because we only started recently and we'll only have two quarters. And this is 
a branding play. We have to distribute it well and there are many peer players in the market. But in the 
corresponding two years, I think our internal target is to try and get to close to 100% of our levy obligation 
in two years' period. 
And my second question is, have you started crushing in your plants? Is there any plant still just to 
commence crushing or? 
No, they will be starting any day now and they're starting in this week itself. 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question, kindly press star, one. The next question is from the 
line ofUdit Gupta, an individual investor. Kindly proceed. 
Sir, my question is that at the time of demerger, we were told to understand that Dhampur Sugar and 
Dhampur Bio have similar crushing and similar like assets in sugarcane crushing. So they are moving 
towards INR 12 crores liters by January to February. So when is our plan to move so increase our ethanol 
production? 
Sorry, I didn't -- can you please repeat your question? I didn't understand your question. 
Sir, I was talking about the Dhampur Sugar and Dhampur Bio at the time of demerger, you were told that 
you have similar sugarcane crushing and similar capacity that they are moving to INR 12 crores liters by 
January. So when is ours plan to like and how much can we expand our ethanol production going 
forward? 
See our current capacity, Udit is 312,000 litres of ethanol from B-heavy. So if you could calculate that 
into 350 days, it will come out to upwards of 11 crores liters of Ethanol, which is what we hope to be 
doing with our plant going forward. Further expansion, as I mentioned in the first question, are being 
worked on, are being looked at. We will be discussing it at our next stage, and then we'll be reverting 
back on that. 
Page 8 of9 

,. 
dhampur 
Dhampur BioOr9anics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
November 02, 2022 
Udit Gupta: 
Sir, the INR 11 crores liter that you're talking about, it's like accounts for the levy molasses and 
everything? 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Moderator: 
Gautam Goel: 
Navin Agrawal: 
So 11 crores liters is the ethanol production capacity. Now if you make levy alcohol or ENA, it will come 
out of this. So if you look at from a ethanol/ENA capacity, we probably will be able to do close to 12 
crores litres because ethanol is 5% higher alcohol as compared to ENA. Now depending on the amount 
of ENA we make next year and how much of levy molasses we sell, but we do hope to maximize the 
distillery capacity by maximizing sugar juice diversion into distillery and with our own B-heavy. We are 
quite confident we should be able to achieve close to 100% capacity utilization. 
Sorry to make the point again. Sir, I was basically talking about the quantity that you can supply to OMC? 
So, I was looking at that amount. 
OMC capacity again, is going to be a combination of the total alcohol that we can produce. So ifwe let's 
say, ifwe produce 11.5 crore liters of alcohol, we will need about, let's say, I crore odd litres for our own 
country liquor production. So that 10.5 odd crores liter will go to the OM Cs with our current capacity. 
And sir, in this season, we are looking at doing it from juice and from India off season for the B-heavy 
side, is it something like that? 
That is what we are planning to do. 
Thank you. As a reminder to participants, you may please press star, one to ask a question. As there are 
no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Goel for closing comments. 
Thank you Navin. On behalf ofDBOL we would like to thank all of you for taking out time for conference 
call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us either by phone or email. You can 
also visit our website Dhampur.com and post any queries you have, and we will revert promptly. Thank 
you very much and have a wonderful day. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 9 of9 
