 
 
PDS/SE/2022‐23/186                                                                   
 
      
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C‐1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai ‐400 051 
Scrip Symbol: PDSL 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai‐ 400001 
Scrip Code: 538730  
 
Re:   ISIN ‐ INE111Q01021 
 
Sub:  Transcript  of  Conference  Call  pursuant  to  Regulation  30  of  the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015  
  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
and with reference to our intimation letter dated November 1, 2022 regarding Conference Call held on Thursday, 
November 3, 2022 at 3:30 PM (IST) to discuss Company’s H1 & Q2 FY23 Financial Results, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call for your kind reference. 
 
The link to access the said transcript is mentioned hereinbelow: 
https://www.pdsmultinational.com/investors/financial_reports/#investor‐updates‐and‐call‐transcripts 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record for the purpose of dissemination to the Shareholders. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for PDS Limited 
(Erstwhile PDS Multinational Fashions Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Abhishekh Kanoi 
Head of Legal & Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: F‐9530 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
ABHISHEK
H KANOI
Digitally signed by 
ABHISHEKH KANOI 
Date: 2022.11.10 
18:13:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“PDS Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY JAIN – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
 
MR. ASHISH GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
MS. REENAH JOSEPH – HEAD, CORPORATE FINANCE, 
M&A, & INVESTOR RELATIONS OFFICER  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANDIP AGARWAL – NUVAMA 
 
 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the PDS Limited H1 and Q2 FY '23 
Conference Call, hosted by Nuvama Wealth Management. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Agarwal from Nuvama to 
make the introduction. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Agarwal: 
Thank you, Lizann. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Edelweiss Securities, I welcome you 
all to PDS Limited Q2 FY '23 earnings call. We have with us today Mr. Sanjay Jain, Group 
CEO; Mr. Ashish Gupta, Group CFO; and Ms. Reenah Joseph, Head, Corporate Finance, M&A 
and Investor Relations Officer. Before I hand over the floor to Sanjay, I would like to highlight 
that the safe-harbor statement on the second slide of the presentation, please assume to be read 
and understood. With this, Sanjay over to you. Thank you. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Thank you, Sandeep. Good afternoon to all of you who have joined from India, and very warm 
greetings to who all have joined from various parts of the world. Welcome to PDS Quarter 2 and 
H1 FY '23 Earnings Call. The H1 and quarter 2 investor update and financial results are available 
on the company's website and also on the stock exchanges. I would just like to draw your 
attention to the disclaimer that the discussions today may have forward-looking statements 
subject to certain risks, uncertainties, other factors that could cause the actual results to differ 
from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we are very pleased to share that PDS has delivered 33% growth in the 
second quarter of this financial year 2023, with a top line of INR 2,921 crores. This was 
accompanied by a gross margin of 16.9%, which was almost 100 basis point improvement since 
our sequential quarter 1 for FY '23. We reported EBITDA of INR 119 crores, translating into a 
growth of 41% year-over-year and 63% growth as compared to the quarter 1 of this financial 
year. EBITDA margins increased by about 96 basis points from 3.1% in the first quarter of this 
financial year to 4.1% in the second quarter.  
The EBITDA margins have also improved over the previous year, from 3.8% in quarter 2 last 
year to 4.1% in quarter 2 this year. This was largely driven both by the gross margin expansion 
and also by the sales growth over the quarter 2 last year. EBIT during the quarter increased by 
76% as compared to last year. This included INR 36 crores gain from the sale of our real estate 
property Milton Keynes in UK.  
However, if we adjust for these gains from real estate property, if you also adjust for the ESOP 
costs and the losses attributable to the new verticals, the profit before tax has increased by 34%. 
We've also witnessed an increase in finance cost, which is mainly attributable to the increase in 
borrowing costs. We are well aware that the borrowing cost has increased significantly with 3-
month SOFR, having gone up from 0.67% in April 22 to 3.5% in September 22. At the same 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
time, our company has also been availing the benefit of being able to get early payment discounts 
while dealing with its vendors. And during the first six months, the EPD, Early Payment 
Discount that the company has been availing while making payments have actually grown 34% 
over the same period last year as well. So the increase in finance cost is and attributable to both 
these factors. However, we continue to keep our working capital under control. The PAT for the 
company has increased by 70% in this quarter. 
For the first half of FY '23, we achieved top line of INR 5,262 crores, which was a growth of 
about 38% in the six months. EBITDA in the first half has increased by 62% to INR 192 crores 
as compared to INR 119 crores in the first half of last year. This was accompanied by a gross 
margin of 16.5% and which was 35% growth since H1 FY '22. EBITDA margins increased by 
55 basis points from 3.1% to 3.7% in the first half of this year. Again, the expansion in the 
EBITDA margin has been driven by operating efficiencies, wherein the employee expenses 
declined from 7.6% of the top line in first half last year to 7.2% this year. And the other expenses 
declining from 6.1% last year to 5.6% of sales this year.  
In the first half of last financial year, and the first half of this financial year, the company has 
reported gains from the sale of real estate of INR 41 crores and INR 36 crores, respectively. If 
we adjust for this, in the H1 FY '23, the EBIT would actually grow by 54% with 3% margins 
versus 2.7% in H1 FY '22. So therefore, it is important to not only look at the overall various 
profit growth of the company EBITDA, EBIT or PAT, but what is more important also is that 
even if we exclude these gains from the real estate property, the inherent operating profitability 
of the company continues to grow in the first half of this year as compared to the same half of 
last year.  
And if we further adjust the ESOP cost or the losses, while we use the word losses attributable 
to new business investment, these are basically investments wherein the new businesses take 
about 12 to 18 months at times 24 months to breakeven until such time, there are debits to P&L. 
So if we exclude such investments, the company PBT, the core PBT actually increased by 60% 
from INR 108 crores last year's six months to INR 172 crores in the first half of this year. 
During the first half, the company reported an earnings per share of 10.03 per share, which grew 
by 24% as compared to H1 FY '22. In the investor release, we have tried to facilitate for our 
various stakeholders a comparison of income and profit from the core operations versus the one 
which is after including or excluding the likes of ESOP cost or the investment in new businesses 
or the onetime gain on real estate sales. But as I said earlier, most importantly, the growth in the 
core profitability continues to be very-very strong.  
On the sourcing segment, now this whatever I covered was company on the whole. Now I would 
go a little deeper into each of these segments. On the sourcing segment, which accounts for 96% 
of our top line it clocked in a growth of 38% in the H1 FY23 as compared to the same period 
last year and achieved a top line of INR 5051 crores. Our sourcing business reported an EBIT 
of INR 168 crores, which was 37% growth as compared to the same half of last year. And the 
return on capital employed of our sourcing vertical in the first half has been strong at 44%. And 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
this is a blend of the EBIT as of mature running businesses wherein if we look at these 
businesses, the EBIT that they generate, the return on capital employed could be to the north of 
60%. But after adjusting the investments, which is the P&L debit we make in new verticals, the 
blended return on capital employed is closer to 44%.  
It is very important to mention here that if you look at the contribution of new verticals then the 
sales from the new verticals was INR 85 crores in the first half of last year and it has actually 
increased to INR 288 crores in the first half of this year. So the new verticals contribution to the 
overall sales of the company on the whole was 2.2% in the first six months last year and has 
actually increased to 5.5% this year. That is also one of the contributing factor to the top line 
growth that we have been achieving.  
And these businesses are still in incubation stage and incur a PBT loss of INR 23 crores. 
However, the same has declined from 12% of the sales of the new vertical last year to 8% of the 
sales in the first half of this year. So gradually, we are navigating these verticals ahead at a first 
stage to the point of breakeven and thereafter get them to the desired level of profitability.  
Our Manufacturing segment reported a growth of 40% with a top line of INR 315 crores versus 
INR 225 crores in the first half of last year. The segment continues to maintain its profitability. 
As you recall, we turned profitable in quarter 4 FY '22 and quarter 1 as well, the manufacturing 
segment has made PAT positive and also in quarter 2 as well. On the whole, we have made 1.3% 
PAT to sales in the manufacturing segment in the first six months of this year. We remain 
positive that this trend and betterment would continue in terms of profit from the manufacturing 
operations.  
And I'm also pleased to share some updates on our balance sheet, wherein the net debt of the 
company on the whole on a consolidated basis was INR 82 crores on 30th September this year 
versus INR 232 crores on 30th September last year. The net working capital days, if you compare 
September last year to this year, have reduced from 10 days last year to 3 days. The company 
continues to grow, continues to travel the path of profitability expansion and because of the 
effort on containment of capital employed, has managed to deliver 36% return on capital 
employed in the first half of this year versus 30% in the same period last year. And the return on 
equity of the company as a result in this year so far in the six months has been 33%. And because 
of the balance sheet effort related to containment and the EBIT expansion, the company's 
financial position on the whole continues to be at net debt-to-EBITDA level of 0.2x.  
As we take our businesses ahead, I'm very pleased to share with you that we continue to expand 
the management bandwidth, especially at the senior leadership level, wherein on our business 
front, we have senior leaders who have joined us from very prominent large companies like 
Puma, George, Primark, Tesco, Marks & Spencer, C&A, Li and Fung, and at the same time, in 
the what we call as the corporate function of business enablement function, we have strong 
professionals who have joined us from Shahi  exports to enable and propel company's 
procurement synergy agenda. 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
We have Head of Legal as a journal council, who has joined us from Allcargo, and he was earlier 
with Tata Motors. We have CFO for some of our offshore businesses joined us from Control 
Point. And lastly, the Deputy CFO of HDFC Ergo who was earlier the CFO of Max India and 
also Bharti Axa has joined on board, and has become our Director and CFO on the Board of the 
newly acquired company, DBS India. So our effort to take the strategy ahead continues to 
include having onboarding of senior leaders, both in the businesses as well as the corporate 
function.  
Given the performance in the first half of this year, the company is scheduling a Board of 
Directors meeting to consider and approve an interim dividend basis the first half performance 
as for the dividend distribution policy adopted by the company. And the Board would 
accordingly take a decision basis the meeting that is getting scheduled in this regard. We are in 
an organization priding itself on the continuous focus on the governance and ethical standards 
and practices. We have again further taken two more steps augmenting a journey on the same 
work.  
Firstly, our Vice Chairman, Mr. Pallak Seth, now has taken up the role of an Executive Vice 
Chairman. He was Hitherto, a Non-Executive Vice Chairman and now has taken the role of an 
Executive Vice Chairman. We believe Pallak has a lot more to offer to grow and strengthen the 
PDS businesses, the PDS platform. And we are very thrilled and feel very positive to have him 
take on this very important role as an Executive Director on the Board and as an Executive Vice 
Chairman.  
Secondly, we have invited Ms. Pamela Mar to join the Board of Directors of our Hong Kong-
based subsidiary, Norwest Industries Limited. Norwest is a key entity since the majority of our 
banking and treasury functions are undertaken through this entity in Hong Kong. Pamela comes 
from an illustrious background. She is currently the Managing Director of Digital Standards 
Initiative of ICC based out of Singapore.  
And previously, she was associated with Fung Group of Hong Kong and also ran Greater China 
for the World Economic Forum. She’s also been named one of Asia’s 10 A-list sustainability 
leaders in 2019 and holds a degree of masters in M Sc management from London School of 
Economics. We believe Pamela coming on board at a key subsidiary level will help add a new 
dimension to our Board of Directors at Norwest. And over the last few quarters, as we have also 
covered in our investor release, step-by-step, we continue to take steps to augment the 
governance and the Board of Directors at our key subsidiary level as well.  
We believe we are operating in an environment where macroeconomic factors are impacting the 
business. On one hand, we have seen an increase in the cost of borrowings, we have seen 
inflation. On the other hand, we are witnessing on a favorable trend that the freights, cotton costs 
are witnessing a decline though they keep fluctuating, but the trend is towards a declining one. 
We've also seen the dollar strengthening against the major currency in the world, and this, of 
course, have had an impact on the end consumers' discretionary spend. But given that PDS 
mainly operates in value and mass categories, we are at present benefiting from this down 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
trading. Also, the retailers and brands are consolidating their vendor base, and we continue to 
garner wins in that direction. We have expanded our sourcing as a service offering to a wider 
base of customers. We've also won contracts to become the exclusive agent for some of the 
leading retailers of the world in terms of acting as an exclusive agent in various geographies.  
It is also important to mention here that PDS carefully onboards its customer while choosing to 
do business, and many of these customers, although most of them have strong financial position. 
So therefore, as there are these macroeconomic trends in the interim of high inflation or high 
interest rates, but given that we continue to do business with strong, robust financial customers, 
basis our credit risk management process is in place. We continue to navigate the 
macroeconomic environment very well and somewhere the humble impact of all this is 
witnessed in the first six months growth.  
We believe we have a robust platform and we will continue to face and navigate the current 
environment cautiously. And at this stage, we continue to be well poised on our $2.5 billion 
journey in terms of revenue that we have foreseen that from $1.2 billion last year, we had 
forseeing doubling our size over five years, and your company for now continues to be on track. 
I would be now happy to answer any questions that any one of you may have, please.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone, wishing to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you 
wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Parth Desai 
from Hirzel Capital. Please go ahead. 
Parth Desai: 
Congratulations for the great set of numbers. Growing 38% in such an environment is a big 
achievement. So I had a quick question on the normalized PBT that I think will have defined in 
the presentation as well. Can we expect this percentage of PBT to continue in the following 
quarters? Or can there be any improvement or changes?  
Sanjay Jain: 
With the growth momentum that we have been experiencing in the first six months with 
continuation of profitability in manufacturing operations Therefore, the benefit of economy of 
scale in terms of growth, turnaround in the manufacturing. Some of the initiatives that we have 
taken to derive procurement synergies, as I was mentioning earlier, that we have a senior person 
who is joined in from TRAI to drive our procurement initiatives. We believe we should keep 
gradually improving from the 3.6% PBT margin that we have made, there is year-over-year a 40 
to 50 basis point potential at least gradually as we get to the 5% mark. Yes, the answer is we 
should, we will continue to endeavor to improve it on a trajectory to gradually get to 5%.  
Parth Desai: 
And then in the presentation where we break down the capital employed, I see that there's $10 
million in the real estate division or section, is that the book value? Or, is there any market 
evaluation that has been done?  

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Sanjay Jain: 
No, when we carry the assets in our books, we carry them at the book value. We don't do any 
revaluation and therefore, this is the book value.  
Parth Desai: 
 
And then, are there any plans to, let’s say monetize more of these real estate assets in the future?  
Sanjay Jain: 
No, I think for now, with the modernization last year and this year, we're pretty much done. But 
in terms of maximization of profit from this real estate, like the largest piece out of this $10 
million is actually our PDS tower in Gurgaon, wherein we have 2-3 floors that we are letting 
them out. So therefore, it's going to be a small in terms of the larger ROCE that we are 
generating, but every penny counts. So therefore, to summarize answer to your question, the 
modernize agenda is largely over, but there is room to harness more earnings when it comes to 
the real estate that will continue to be in the portfolio. But all of this is core real estate in terms 
of being the office infrastructure, etcetera.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital.  
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So I just wanted to ask, is there some part of 
seasonality in our business? Could we see an H2 better than H1? That's my first question.  
Sanjay Jain: 
Yes, Typically, there is a seasonality. On an average, if I talk about the top line of the company, 
normally, the first half is closer to 40% to 45% of the full year. In fact, it was last year about 
43% in the first six months and 57% in the second half. That's broadly answering your question. 
40% to 45% or 55% to 60% of the split in the first and second half in terms of sales. And 
therefore, there is a corresponding impact on the profitability as well.  
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes. So we'll be able to see a better H2. So how would that impact our margin? Will we get 
some operating leverage or our current margins are sustainable or we have been better margins 
going forward?  
Sanjay Jain: 
See if I restrict the answer to remaining six months of this year, I think given that quarter 3 last 
year, we had incurred losses in manufacturing. It was in quarter 4 that we turned around. So this 
year, we continue to be positive that in quarter 3 in manufacturing, we will have profits, our 
momentum of growth is continuing. So as a result, there is definitely an aspiration to derive the 
benefit of operating leverage, number one, get benefit from the turnaround that would be visible 
in quarter 3 as compared to quarter 3 last year. 
And thirdly, the first half, while we have seen an improvement in margin in quarter 2, the first 
half has been soft on the margins as compared to the same period last year. But given the gradual 
trending downwards of the input prices and freight costs, etcetera, we remain positive that we 
should stay focused to derive better margins towards the end of quarter 3 and then quarter 4. So 
therefore, for all these three factors, at this stage, we remain positive to get better profitability in 
the second half of the year.  

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes, thank you that that's a very detailed answer and that helps me a lot. And I just -- I was just 
listening to the opening commentary, on sort this might not how might sound like it's a stupid 
question, but you are thinking about INR 2.5 billion revenue in five years, but the rate of growth 
that we are seeing that we might be able to repay faster. So could you just say something about 
growth in the near term, maybe next 2-3 years? So could you just say what kind of rate are we 
expecting? Because doubling in 5 years as a way we are going, we'll probably achieve that faster  
Sanjay Jain: 
So I think the, - when we talk about doubling, it was over a five year horizon. And one got to be 
exercising caution when we have an aspiration of five years because the macroeconomic factors 
keep changing, who would have foreseen six - nine months back that the world is going to 
witness a war and therefore, the spiraling impact of that on fuel and other aspects of the world. 
So what is important is an aspiration should get delivered devoid of any disturbances that 
happened in the macroeconomic environment. That is how we feel about this target. 
For now, in the first six months, given the strategy we have chosen we are ahead of the curve. 
But I think Darshil, we will remain cautious in terms of the target, but allow us to keep achieving 
what we have achieved in the first six months, allow us to keep achieving for a few more 
quarters, then I think we will be in a better position to tell you that the $2.5bn is happening 
sooner than the five years, but we remain positive.  
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Yes, because that number have been great and real. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinjana Mittal from RatnaTraya Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
 
.  
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Firstly, congrats on the good set of numbers. So like one of my question is that on the 
manufacturing side, so what is your normalized margin like since we've started to break even 
and manufacturing is doing well. So what should we expect in terms of margins?  
Sanjay Jain: 
As I said, for the first six months for now, we are at 1.3% PAT margin. And I think we aspire to 
exit this financial year at closer to 3% PAT margin, but getting our factories to deliver 5% to 7% 
in about two years from now should be a steady state generation. So therefore, normalization, if 
I answer that question, is 5% to 7% PAT margin. In fact, one of our factories which operates in 
the export promotion zone, we just learned that there used to be 1% of the sales export incentive 
which caught actually effectuated from July 1st of this year. So therefore, to that extent, one of 
our factories, the larger one would actually also derive a 1% of sales as an export benefit as well.  
Shrinjana Mittal: 
That's good to hear, sir. And my other question is on the sourcing as a service business, sir, what 
is your, like what is the revenue contribution in this quarter compared to the last quarter, if you 
can share those numbers, that would be great? 
Sanjay Jain: 
So we are yet to see a meaningful contribution. So I think we are cautiously putting it under 
execution. All I can say, for example, as a [George], the latest one that we have signed under 
sourcing as a service, which is closer to a $350 million annual potential. The office just got 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
commissioned two days back in Dhaka. So therefore, a part of it will come in quarter 3 and 
quarter 4 is a better quarter to start answering your question on the,  in fact, we ourselves would 
actually make an effort to start,- make it as a separate mention. But what is important is that at 
present, we have orders in hand under sourcing as a service, wherein the annualized value of the 
business that we will be handling for retail customers is about $1 billion. And what would accrue 
to us as a revenue out of this is about 5% to 6%. It's $50 million to $60 million with a PBT 
margin of closer to 18% to 20%. That potential still remains, orders in hand have actually come, 
but give us one or two more quarters as these numbers start forming part of our P&L as well.  
Shrinjana Mittal: 
So sir, what I was trying to understand is the gross margin side, we have seen like a 100 basis 
point increase this quarter. So like that that could accrue,- partly, it would accrue to some early 
payment discount benefit, right, that -- is that understanding correct also on sourcing as a service 
as a segment also is causing the increase in the gross profit side?  
Sanjay Jain: 
So I think your observation is right that as we have got 34% more early payment discount in first 
half that definitely is getting reflected in better gross margins The answer is yes. Manufacturing 
growth of 40%, wherein on an average, manufacturing a 35% gross margin as compared to 15% 
to 16% in the design-led sourcing. So that is another factor. But whether sourcing as a service 
have started to contribute meaningfully and is the reason of the increase in gross margin, no, that 
is not the case. It will take us one or two more quarters for it to start meaningfully contributing  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apoorva Bahadur from Investec. Please go 
ahead.  
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir, you highlighted that the early payment discount, this increase during this quarter year-on-
year. Can you please quantify the amount? How much was the discount received in this quarter 
and also for same quarter last year?  
Sanjay Jain: 
Yes. I think let's continue the Q&A and in about a few minutes, I should have this data with me, 
handy to explain it to you  
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir, second question is we read in a couple of media articles, a lot of factories in Bangladesh, the 
manufacturers are actually facing order cancellations, right, given the financial situation, how 
it's panning out, especially in Europe. Are we seeing any impact of this on our business as well?  
Sanjay Jain: 
So firstly, answering your question on the early payment discounts, is closer to a number of $4.5 
million in the first half of this year and as compared to approximately $3.5 million in the same 
period last year, that's broadly the number of early payment discount. And on the second 
question that you mentioned about, I think the pushbacks or any price pressures as of now, have 
been more coming in from US but because it is about 16% of our top line, to that extent, on an 
overall portfolio basis, we are relatively insulated from the impact of that. 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
In terms of UK and Europe, I think some parts of Europe are experiencing the inflationary 
pressures. And as a result, the pressures on the demand side, but for now, given the low price 
segment that we operate in, we again are largely insulated. And thirdly, as a majority of our 
customers are financially strong retailers, so to that extent, they are insulated and as a result, we 
are. But to answer the question from US and from some part of Europe, there are pressures, and 
we for now, because of the larger strategic role that we have been playing with our customers, 
because of the strategic initiatives and the new business investments we are, as of now, are able 
to mitigate the impact of these adverse factors and for now have been actually growing faster 
than we anticipated for this year.  
Apoorva Bahadur: 
And our order books are full for the remaining part of this year?  
Sanjay Jain: 
Normally, for our kind of business the immediate next quarter and a large part of the quarter 
thereafter, we get visibility while the relationships have been in existence for many years. But 
given the seasonality, given that customers need to order for various seasons coming ahead. So 
typically, one can give guidance of the immediate quarter and the one thereafter. As of now, the 
visibility that we have been having in the past few quarters for the coming two, that visibility 
continues to be similar visibility in terms of the previous, so our order book as of now is positive 
for this quarter as well as the signals for the next quarter are positive as well.  
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Also, sir, in Bangladesh, we are noting we have a lot of electricity supply issues due to grid 
collapse etcetera. So is that impacting us in any way, any of our vendors I mean, a lot of some 
are there manufacturing out of them, so increase the cost of production because moving towards 
gas and diesel gas and so on?  
Sanjay Jain: 
Well, yes, the factory operations are somewhere getting impacted because of the interrupted 
power supply. In fact, in one of our factories, Green which is outside the export promotion zone, 
we have been contemplating rather we are investing into solar power. We are putting solar panels 
on top of our factory. And the Sri Lankan factory, which have been given on job work to a third 
party.They produce for us. And that factory has already went live in February, March, earlier 
this year in terms of solar power. So one factory is already having an alternate solar supply -- 
the second one is investing. As of now, our two factories in Bangladesh are operating closer to 
mid-60s, 64%, 65% efficiency levels. I think if the power supply become uniform, then there is 
a juice to extract more efficiency. So therefore, for now, it's an opportunity loss to extract more 
juice from the current factories. 
So therefore, with Green becoming self-reliant to solar power, that's a second factory that may 
become kind of insulated to the impact of this. So yes, the answer is we did get impacted in 
terms of an opportunity loss, and we are taking steps to mitigate the operations getting impacted 
to our power supply situation.  
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir, also for vendors, those who operate out of Bangladesh. So any impact on them as well both 
in terms of cost in and also in terms of time lines for meeting a supply commitment  

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Sanjay Jain: 
No, we haven't experienced any disruptions because of the two reasons that you mentioned, in 
terms of the supply schedules. I think they remain largely on track. And given the strong 
presence of various operating teams who work very closely with our partner factories -- now we 
haven't experienced any such disturbing trends or are supplies getting impacted because of this.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Badal had placed the call on hold. We'll move on to the -- we'll move on 
to the next question. That is from the line of Krunal Shah from Enam Investments. Please go 
ahead  
Krunal Shah: 
The first question is in the line of the financials. So if I see the other expenses line item as a 
proportion of revenue has risen sharply from 5.2% to around 5.9%. So what would be the reason 
for that?  
Sanjay Jain 
See, some of our businesses have actually invested into new office infrastructure, as a result, 
their expenses have actually gone up in terms of running the larger administrative setup because 
as the company is gearing up to double size, the infrastructure that we have been using for 
housing our employees, especially the ones in Bangladesh has actually been increased. 
So these are investments that would for now getting absorbed in this quarter. But as the sales 
keep going up, the percentage will keep coming down. So that’s one of the larger factors that 
has impacted plus the travel costs have gone up as well. I think the world got used to operating 
offline through Zoom, off-line when I say,  mean without travel through Zoom and other medium 
as well, and now the travel has increased. And I think we are using this opportunity to once again 
cement the relationship, sit across the table, I guess, with the customers. So somewhere, the 
normalization of the surge in the travel expenses would come as well. So these are some one or 
two reasons that are coming on top of my mind in terms of a potential increase.  
And I think somewhere we are experiencing a high growth trajectory. But yes, for now, the 
expenses, which in view of the investments in office space, etcetera, have increased faster. And 
also, as I mentioned earlier that the new business that we have initiated somewhere that office 
infrastructure of the new businesses, the loss in the second quarter from the new business is 
about INR 11 crores, and it is spread across employee costs as well as the other costs as well. So 
to that extent, that is not yet generating the requisite amount of sales for now as it has the 
potential to generate  
Krunal Shah: 
Second is what is the opportunity from the new customers like Woolworth and Zibra that you 
mentioned in the presentation?  
Sanjay Jain: 
If I answer for one of the two that you mentioned, I think somewhere a Woolworth we aspire to 
handle about 10 million of pieces annually for this customer when the price point could range 
between $2.5 to $3. So therefore, full year potential for Woolworth is about $25 million to $30 
million. And I think this is kind of an agency business. So as a result, about 3% to 4% of this is 
going to be the income from this contract annually for us.  

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Krunal Shah: 
 
And on Zibra, would you like to comment?  
Sanjay Jain: 
Zobra is would be at least half of the size of the Woolworth operations. So both put together, 
ballpark is about $15 million annualized volume of business on price.  
Krunal Shah: 
And last question is, how much, so during the quarter, we expect,we saw cotton prices declining 
sharply. So how much would that have impacted our gross margins or maybe it will impact in 
Q3 going forward?  
Sanjay Jain: 
As of now, the impact is not there in quarter 2. Pretty much, we are always locked in, as I was 
saying in response to one of the previous questions, for the next quarter and the second quarter 
thereafter, we're pretty much locked in. But that's where, there was another question wherein I 
said towards the end of third quarter and the fourth quarter is where we should see the benefit of 
the softening prices getting the reflected in the margins. So therefore, to summarize, No, quarter 
2 as of now has not benefited. And of quarter 3 and quarter 4, if the prices remain soft, we should 
see the benefit of that in the margins.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinjana Mittal from RatnaTraya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Yes. Sir, can you please explain the reason for the seasonality in the business, like the quarter 
four is supposedly the best quarter for us, right? So if you can just explain probably why is that? 
And how is that?  
Sanjay Jain: 
Yes. I think Shrinjana, this is like the quarter 3 is, for example, given large part of our customer 
base is Western world. So you have Thanksgiving, then you have Christmas, and then the new 
year holidays before and after new year. So therefore, this leads to shopping and then when you 
come to Jan-Feb-March, then the spring season shopping start. There's a change of season that 
happen as well towards February, March, you at least start seeing shopping for that. There is 
also spring break for a lot of people in the world. 
And as a result, there is travel and there is shopping as well. Then you have Easter ahead of you. 
So therefore, the inherent the festivals holidays around various part of the world is typically the 
way it is. And I think many of the professionals, who operate on a calendar year basis as the 
year, tend to get their bonuses towards the end of the year. So therefore, come the spend and 
who operate on calendar,- financial year basis tend to get their bonuses towards the end. So 
somewhere increasing the disposal income as well as the festivities chasing the disposable 
income is the combined impact that the seasonality comes in.  
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Okay. So sir, that affects us like the top line, but from the margin point of view, like margins are 
a little better towards the second half, right? So what would explain that?  
Sanjay Jain: 
I think though it's not a strict correlation, but there is. I think if the demand pull is strong because 
of the reason that we just discussed, the ability of a retailer and as well as the ability of a strategic 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
supplier like us to a retailer, that ability to pass on is far more stronger in a robust demand two 
quarters as compared to other two relatively leaner quarters. That's the reason if at all, as to why 
one would experience slightly better margins in the later two quarters. 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
So basically, we are saying that our pricing power is much more stronger in Q4 because of the 
demand? 
Sanjay Jain: 
You can say that. I think, yes, there is a correlation. If as a consumer, you want to buy something, 
you're willing to pay more, therefore, the ability to get there. Yes, still, I can't say this statement 
as 8- 9 out of 10 in isolation, but whether this segment is appropriate, largely, the answer is yes.  
Unknown Analyst: 
Okay. And in this year, too, as you have already indicated, the order books are full for H2, right? 
I mean you're relatively booked? 
Sanjay Jain: 
Yes. As I said, in quarter 3, we are all fully sold out, booked in terms of our capacity to handle 
with the people that we have onboard. Factories, of course, we are fully full, for Q4 we are 
typically for a factory 70% to 75% full and that kind of visibility we also have for our sourcing 
business as well, which is the way it always has been. So as of now, the traction is continues to 
be positive.  
Unknown Analyst: 
And if the demand overshoots whatever the ability of your contracted factories, what happens if 
you actually go and source from other factories also? Or you just put a limit somewhere.  
Sanjay Jain: 
See there are two, three multiple factors, which are in play to give answer to your question, for 
you to see the impact of demand in our top line in terms of growth, it would be preceding by 6 
to 9 months of engagement with the customer in terms of order booking, etcetera. So as a result, 
when we are engaged with the customer, then we have a two quarters headroom in terms of 
planning of capacity from our various partner factories. That's one factor. Second is, can I 
onboard a new factory on an overnight basis, the answer is no. It's a careful onboarding process, 
which on an average around six months to 12 months, within given the ESG compliance 
requirements given that we don't onboard a factory unless the customer approves the factory as 
well. 
So as a result, given the past experience, given the technology we use in terms of anticipation of 
the expected order book that we are already in touch with our vendors. And I think these are the 
one, two factors. The third factor specific to PDS has been that with a lot of humility, we are 
becoming a very relevant player in the ecosystem wherein from the parts of the world where we 
largely operate like Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, etcetera. 
Covid happened, our vendors have seen PDS as a large terrible company conducting itself with 
utmost standards of honoring all commitments to vendors, etcetera. They all are aware that some 
of the world leading retailers are actually entering into long-term contracts with $1 billion of 
annual business volume, and they're choosing us to be the exclusive sourcing agent, which means 
if a factory from Bangladesh, or for India for a specific customer, which is to work with that 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
customer, they have to come necessarily to us. So as a result, my ability to make a factory 
allocate capacity to me is gradually increasing in terms of the revop effect of this on the ability 
of the company. 
Unknown Analyst: 
And one last question. So on the inventory side, I mean, do you by any means track what are the 
secondary sales happening in the customer side? Or we just directly go by the orders which you 
have already stated, come almost like 6 to 9 months before the actual execution cycle happens? 
Sanjay Jain: 
So if I get your question right, I think we don't carry any inventory risk post the sale to the 
customer. 
Unknown Analyst: 
I'm not talking about your inventory -- what I'm trying to ask you is, your customer books, some 
material around 6 to 9 months back to you. But he has to ultimately make a sale, right? So do 
we, by any means, track what will track the secondary sales at the customer spend or no? 
Sanjay Jain: 
Yes, we do our teams, our marketing intelligence teams do keep on track of, in fact, many of our 
customers, for example, run unlisted companies -- so therefore, they do operate and declare 
results. So we do track very carefully what is the sales growth, what is the inventory levels they 
are carrying, what is the guidance they are giving. So that is very well carefully tracked that 
enable us to do our internal planning. If the customer is not listed, then at a strategic level when 
we are engaged at the highest level or our mid-management level engagement is going on. Yes, 
this is a very, very important piece to track in terms of what's happening of inventory at the 
customer level. Because that, of course, has a strong bearing on the impact of that on my top line 
6 to 9 months in future. 
In fact, all of us have been talking about many US retailers carrying large inventories and 
somewhere that resulting into pushback, etcetera. I'm not talking specific to PDS, I'm answering 
in general. That has been resulting into piping to factories. Therefore, the answer is yes, we do 
keep a very close track. In fact, in our internal groups, we circulate information related to key 
customer operating and financial results, draw one page of influence and make it available to 
our internal team for interacting with the customer. 
Unknown Analyst: 
And as of now, you are happy with whatever is the health of the customers in terms of their 
secondary sales? 
Sanjay Jain: 
See, happy is a very happy word that you are talking about, we are cautious. I think it’s premature 
to say a little bit that the US is coming out of it, but all indicators are that end of quarter 3or early 
quarter 4, one would at least see that there should be normalcy in terms of inventory level and 
the order book level coming in from US, but that's about 16% of our top line. 
In terms of U.K., which is about half of our top line, I think we are fairly fine, because of dealing 
with very strong retailers over there. In rest of Europe, which is about 20%, 25% of the top line, 
we are cautious yes, because Europe is getting impacted, etcetera, but the low price segment we 
operate were insulated. 

 
PDS Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
So therefore, I would say we need to continue to be vigilant and cautious on the environment 
around us. There is no room for complacency. And I think if you asked me this question in April, 
May ‘23, hopefully, I can say that we are happy. It is all going good.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to the participants, anyone wishing to ask question may please press star 
and one. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management 
for the closing comments. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Thank you so much, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us today. It has been a pleasure to have 
an engaging audience like you to join our call. And we look forward to connecting with all of 
you once again after the end of quarter 3. Thank you so much and stay safe all of you. Thank 
you, teams for organizing this call, please. Thank you. 
Ashish Gupta: 
 
Thank you, everybody.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of PDS Limited that concludes this conference call. 
We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
