 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Tel:   022 - 2272 1233 / 34 
Fax:  022 - 2272 2131 / 1072/ 2037 / 2061 / 41 
 
Scrip Code: 532345 
ISIN No.: INE152B01027 
Re.: Gati Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai – 400 051 
Tel:     022 - 2659 8235 / 36 / 452 
Fax:    022 - 2659 8237/ 38 
 
Symbol : GATI 
ISIN No.: INE152B01027 
Re.: Gati Limited 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q2 Earnings Conference Call – FY 2022-23. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 
30, 2022 held on Thursday, November 03, 2022. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript will also be uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.gati.com. 
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Gati Limited 
 
 
 
T.S. Maharani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: F8069 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
SHANTHAVADH
AN MAHARANI 
THIRUVELLUR
Digitally signed by 
SHANTHAVADHAN 
MAHARANI 
THIRUVELLUR 
Date: 2022.11.10 
17:24:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Gati Limited Q2 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIROJSHAW SARKARI – CEO, GATI LIMITED 
MR. ANISH MATHEW – CFO, GATI LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKRAM SURYAVANSHI – PHILLIPCAPITAL 
(INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Gati Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited. This conference call may contain forward 
looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations 
of the company as on the date of this call. These statements not guarantee the future performance 
of the company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram 
Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Thank you Renju. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital, I welcome you all to 
Q2 FY23 earnings conference call of the Gati Limited. We are pleased to have with us 
management team represented by Mr. Pirojshaw Sarkari (Phil) – Chief Executive Officer and 
Mr. Anish Matthew – Chief Financial Officer for Gati Limited. We will have opening comments 
from the management followed by the question-and-answer session. Thank you and over to you 
Phil sir.  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Thank you Vikram. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to everyone on a Quarter 2 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. We have uploaded the results, press release and presentation on the 
stock exchanges and company's website. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through 
the same. Along with me I have Mr. Anish Matthew, – our Chief Financial Officer for Gati 
Limited and our Investor Relations team. 
I will start by sharing the industry and business overview and then will hand over the call to Mr. 
Anish Matthew to discuss the financial performance for the quarter.  
Strong demand supported the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, driven by growth in the key 
industrial sector and led by an uptick in consumption in both urban and rural India. The e-Way 
bills generation recorded an all-time high of over 84 million in September, 2022 signaling a 
strong boost to economic activity on the back of a festive season. With government initiatives 
such as National Logistics Policy and PM Gati Shakti we believe that the formalization of the 
logistics industry is underway and there is a huge opportunity for organized players as the 
industry will see an accelerated shift from the unorganized sector to the organized sector. The 
National Logistics Policy is expected to revolutionize the sector enabling supply chain 
management. The introduction of the National Logistics Policy is aimed at promoting seamless 
movement of goods, overcoming transport related challenges, encouraging digitization along 
with the significant reduction in time and cost. NLP, the National Logistics Policy targets to 
reduce the logistics cost from a current 13% to 14% of GDP to single digit. This augurs well for 
the road Logistics sector as it shall reduce the overdependence on road through better integration 
of different modes of transport and in turn improve demand identification thereby enabling better 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
availability of trucks. Gati as a company firmly believes and supports the government's vision 
of $5 trillion economy and it's poised well to play its part in helping achieve the goal.  
I would like to highlight here that Gati is exclusively partnered with the SME Chamber of India 
as their preferred logistics knowledge partner. Amidst the odds faced by the economy due to 
higher crude prices, rise in commodity prices and overall inflation Gati Limited from its express 
business has delivered a solid improvement in EBITDA for H1 FY23 showcasing a significant 
growth of 215% on a year-on-year basis. The performance is in line with our expectations and 
stated strategy. We would also like to highlight that our rebranding strategy of Gati Air is bearing 
fruits with the segment growing at the fastest pace and achieving its highest ever quarterly 
revenue of Rs. 21 crores after several years.  
Our pillars for delivering performance remain consistent with a strong focus on customer delight. 
With our established principles of digitization, sales acceleration, infrastructure development 
and operations we have been able to deliver gross margin expansion and are confident of 
increasing the same going ahead.  
On the digitization front; the seamless movement of cargo has been made possible by our 
proprietary software GEMS which also has route optimization and faster turnaround capabilities. 
With that said we are concentrating on improving our front and back end digital processes to 
deliver increased efficiencies with our advanced modules. With sales acceleration we continue 
to prioritize our MSME and retail business while aiming to increase the wallet share of our key 
and strategic accounts to help our profitability. We are committed to strengthening our presence 
by expanding our services deeper into the key growing market and to cater to the growing 
demands of retail and SME.  
Regarding infrastructure amplification and our mega hub, we have witnessed a steady increase 
in the ability to handle high volumes post the commissioning of our mega hub in Farukh Nagar. 
Our mega hub in Mumbai has just about started today and Bangalore should be operational in 
this coming year. Over and above the planned expansion across the country with our mega hubs, 
we also added two new distribution hubs at Nagpur and Guwahati in the last month itself. We 
anticipate that these hubs will add up to volumes for the coming quarter.  
Lastly, we remain aligned with our vision to maximize value creation for every stratum of 
society. We have also been focusing on few other ongoing initiatives like pilot run for pickup 
and last mile delivery using electric vehicles, ease of doing business with Gati for customers 
from booking till delivery and embarked upon CSR activities for our contribution towards the 
society. 
With this I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Anish Mathew – our CFO for financial and 
operational highlights for Quarter 2, FY23.Over to you Anish. 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
Anish Mathew: 
Thank you Phil. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to our Q2 FY2023 
earnings call. I will now take you through the highlights of financial results for the second quarter 
of FY2023. For Q2 FY23 consolidated revenue from operations stood at Rs. 435 crores as 
compared to Rs. 399 crores for Q2 FY2022, indicating a growth of 9% on year-on-year basis. 
EBITDA for the same period stood at Rs. 28 crores as compared to Rs. 18 crores registering a 
growth of 53.4%. Pre-exceptional PBT stood at Rs. 7 crores for Q2 FY23 as compared to Rs. 6 
crores for Q2 FY22, registering a growth of 18.9% given in the presentation. For the half year 
ended September, 2022 consolidated revenue from operations stood at Rs. 866 crores, registering 
a growth of 25.5%. EBITDA stood at 52 crores registering a growth of 175.3% as compared to 
H1 FY22. Pre-exceptional PBT stood at Rs. 11 crores as compared to a loss of Rs. 6 crores in 
H1 FY22.  
Our express business has been delivering strong performance with revenue from operations 
increasing from Rs. 334 crores to Rs. 370 crores in Q2 FY2023, up by 10.8% on a year-on-year 
basis. For Q2 FY23 tonnage witnessed an increase of 8% year-on-year and stood at 2,83,160 
metric tons. Also, during the quarter, we have achieved a milestone of handling 1 lakh tons in a 
single month. EBITDA for Q2 FY23 stood at Rs. 27 crores as compared to Rs. 17 crores for Q2 
FY22, signifying a growth of 57.8% on year-on-year basis. Pre-exceptional PBT stood at Rs. 6 
crores for Q2 FY23 as compared to Rs. 5 crores for Q2 FY22, registering a growth of 11.9%. 
(20% as per correct calculation) For the half year ending September, 2022 revenue from 
operation for Express business stood at Rs. 735 crores, registering a growth of 28.5% and 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 52 crores delivering a staggering growth of 214.8% as compared to H1 
FY22. Tonnage handled during H1 FY23 stood at 562,000 metric tons, thus registering a growth 
of 27.7% as compared to H1 FY22. Pre-exceptional PBT stood at Rs. 11 crores as compared to 
a loss of Rs. 7 crores in H1 FY22.  
We have been consistently providing other key comparative financial performance indicators in 
our investor presentation; one can refer that for more details. With this I would like to open the 
floor for questions and answers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities.  
Amit Dixit: 
I have three quick questions. The first one is, is it possible to quantify the EBITDA of Surface 
Express and Air Express businesses separately without taking other income into consideration? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Like I was saying that we don't measure our EBITDA margin separately for our Air and Surface 
products because we have combined operations on the ground and we only measure our gross 
margins on the product separately. Our gross margins on both these products are very similar.  
Amit Dixit: 
Okay fair enough. The second question is in H1 FY23, receivable has gone up by Rs. 734 million 
while payables have also gone up by 221 million. Is it possible to give more color on the more 
specifically can we expect certain unlocking of receivable as the year goes by?  

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Anish you want to take this question?  
Anish Mathew: 
So, receivable I think in Q4 and Q1 earnings we mentioned that we would be kind of doing an 
unlocking of the working capital from out of the account receivable. We kind of have already 
initiated our action plans around unlocking and that kind of bearing the results and it might take 
maybe one more quarter or couple of quarters to kind of get full realization.  
Amit Dixit: 
So, what kind of receivable number can we expect by end of FY23?  
Anish Mathew: 
Well, we are looking at close to 10 to 12 days of receivable reduction, DSO reduction. In 
quantum that would be anywhere between Rs. 40 to 60 crores of reduction.  
Amit Dixit: 
The third and the last question is, other income contains certain write back of liabilities and 
reversal of provisions. First of all, can you throw some light on both these items and is there 
some more scope of getting these write back of liabilities and provision reversal in subsequent 
quarters?  
Anish Mathew: 
Predominantly the other income are driven only by two line items. One is the security deposits 
which we have which is more than 3 years. As per the accounting policy all the inactive vendors 
security deposit which is lying therefore more than 3 years we would do a write-off as per the 
accounting policy. That's the one factor actually which has contributed other income. The second 
one is related to the old accounts payable. Again, inactive for more than 3 years that we have 
taken a write back. We have kind of done almost all the write back in the P&L account. 
Depending upon the age of these payables there might be some more which would be coming in 
the subsequent quarter. We can’t at this point in time quantify that.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the loan line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital.  
Dhaval Shah: 
A couple of questions on my side. So, first being the e-Bay bill generation in the second quarter 
compared to the first quarter was around higher by 6.5% while the tonnage handled by Gati 
quarter-on-quarter is higher by 1.5%. Is it the right way to compare? Some comments from your 
side? That's my first question.  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
As I have been saying this for now few months that at Gati we are developing our infrastructure 
so that we can increase our top line and not reduce the serviceability of that increased volume. 
In the meantime, what we have done and is very evident from the numbers is that we have been 
concentrating on increasing our profitability. Therefore, although the growth quarter-to-quarter 
has been only 10%, you can see that the EBITDA is up by 53%. As our infrastructure grows, we 
will then make sure that corresponding volume also grows because in the current infrastructure 
it was very difficult for us to manage increased tonnage. Having said that the operational 
efficiencies have kicked in and we have even grown the tonnage quarter-to-quarter as you can 
see but not in the same line as we would have liked to grow.  

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Dhaval Shah: 
So you were constrained by capacity. Is it the right conclusion?  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes, in a way. 
Dhaval Shah: 
This new hub which came up in this quarter, so has it added materially or it came towards the 
end of the quarter?  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
It just came in last month, both of them, Nagpur and Guwahati.  
Dhaval Shah: 
And has Mumbai got delayed? It was supposed to come…. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes, Mumbai had got delayed. As I said on my call today, we have started moving into the 
Mumbai hub as of today itself. We will see Mumbai full-fledged from December.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it. The second question is I was looking at a couple of advertisements of Gati-KWE and 
where the company is advertised for the products like some spices and cashew nuts and 
Agarbatti. Now my question is that Gati-KWE being an Express Logistic company, does the 
value of these products fit into the express logistics basket? Is it affordable for the customer to 
transport via Express Logistics?  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So, we have three segments of business. We have what I call large accounts, MSME and retail. 
This what you just spoke about is specific to the retail market. These are clusters where we move 
the businesses from only on a B2B basis. You are moving cashew nuts, you're moving coconuts, 
you're moving whatever you just said from a retail market. These are pretty seasonal and they 
are not being given the credit that we give the normal customers but they do give us a better 
yield. They do use Express because they have to make sure that their products reach on time for 
a certain festival or for a certain reason. Yes, they do utilize the Express business but in our retail 
segment.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Because generally these products are for generally an LTL kind of business model and not 
express exclusively. So here the service what they are taking is the express service in terms of 
the turnaround time for the product to reach the destination? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Last question is now all cargo will convert the warrant and infuse money in Gati, so if you could 
lay down the use of the funds and the CAPEX requirement for Gati for FY23 and ‘24 and also 
more on  upgrading the IT infrastructure and how are we building up our capabilities compared 
to the peers?  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
If you have been seeing over the last 2-3 years after all cargo has bought out Gati, one of the 
important things that we have been doing is repaying the debt or the loans that were there in Gati 
earlier which has come down substantially. One of the use for the funds that will come in moving 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
forward also will be that we have a working capital debt right now. We'd rather close that and 
use our own funds as we start generating cash in the near future. With regard to our new hub, I 
have said that these are all asset light, they are all on rental basis and the CAPEX of the new hub 
approximately on 100,000 sq ft is ranging anywhere between 5 to 6 crores which is not a very 
large CAPEX spend. I hope I've answered your question.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. 
Alok Deora: 
Just had couple of questions. First wanted to understand on the demand trend, how has it been 
for the festive season for us and also in October and do we see the same revenue run rate 
continuing in the second half of this year, because we have been getting some signals of some 
slowdown in selected pockets? Just your thoughts on the Express B2B side. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
In spite of the fuel prices being held and also the inflation as you see, we saw a good demand 
for the festive season, specifically in the automotive sector and the consumer durable sector and 
we did the highest ever tonnage in the month of September which was even more than 100,000 
tons and that is with the same capacity that we have. October having so many festivals had lesser 
working days but if you see the revenue per working day it has remained the same. I'm not seeing 
for the express industry, a real slowdown. In fact, we see the trend continuing for the month of 
November too.  
Alok Deora: 
The margin of guidance which you had given of around reaching 10% by end of this year, so 
that we are on track with that or any changes there?  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
I had said that we will end this year at 9% and we continue to say that we are on track. We have 
seen a lot of operational efficiency being brought in and our gross margin increasing every 
month. We are very sure that by last month of this year we will touch 9%. 
Alok Deora: 
Just a last question. Since you highlighted about the strong growth in the air express segment. 
So how are we seeing this segment? Like say if we see a couple of years down the line, how big 
this segment could be for us in the overall scheme of things? Would it be in the current range in 
terms of percentage contribution to total revenue or it could be higher than that. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
If you look at the Indian logistics industry specifically to the express business it is a 90:10, 90% 
surface and 10% air. And our air share is just about a little above 5% just now. Definitely our 
first benchmark is to get the air business to 10% of our total business and then of course if we 
have to be better than markets then a good aspirational figure should be about 12% to 15%. 
Alok Deora: 
So, when we will be making similar margins in air as well. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
On the gross margin, yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Gautam Gosar from Perpetuity Ventures. 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Gautam Gosar: 
I have one clarification. The guidance which you've given for the EBITDA margins of 9% and 
going forward, taking it to 12% to 15%. Does that include other income or without other income, 
the margin guidance? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
It depends on what you call other income. For me when I generate cash in the business and get 
interest on that cash it is other income. But if it is extraordinary income no. The answer is no. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Basically, the interest on fixed deposits will be included in the margin guidance which you have 
given right? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Riya from Aequitas Investments. 
Riya: 
I have a couple of questions. Sir, our surface express business, for tonnage-wise on Q-o-Q basis 
we just did 1.5% growth. So, what was the reason for that? And as asked by the earlier 
participant, since our capacity was constrained so for the coming quarters could you guide us 
the volume and how it will pan out? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
If you really look at my first quarter results our growth in the first quarter was higher than what 
the general expectation in a first quarter of a financial year is. And this was because there were 
certain competitive elements for which we had got more volume and therefore growing our 
second quarter business looks a small growth 1.5% but it is a large business. It is just because in 
the first quarter we got that additional growth due to competitive, what should I call, disruption. 
So, I hope I've answered your question. Moving forward we are very buoyant that we have now 
got our Bombay hub up and running. Like I said we have just started the shifting from today 
tomorrow and we will have at least two full months of the new Bombay hub and therefore our 
west loads must increase just the way our north loads increased when we opened up Farukh 
Nagar. Similarly, our central and northeast have just been a month old, and we should see 
volumes increase in those zones too. So yes, growth will continue. 
Riya: 
As far as demand is concerned because the value additive higher yields is given by the smaller 
or the MSME players. Are you seeing a shift or drift from there as compared to the total 
percentage derived? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Well, the endeavor for us is always to grow the MSME and retail faster than our key and large 
business. It's a big challenge because as we grow the large business each large business gives us 
much larger volume than what an MSME and a retail gives us. If you see our growth in each 
segment whether you call it MSME, and retail put together or you call it large has been very 
similar. We have been growing both the businesses. That's why our percentage share has 
remained almost the same. 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Riya: 
But going forward what kind of percentage drift would you want to expect? Of course, you 
would want MSME to grow but on ground what is happening? How is the demand from their 
side? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
The demand from the MSME segment is definitely good and will only get better as we see more 
and more manufacturing happening in this country. I think the new logistics policy is going to 
enable more manufacturers to get the confidence to come in and manufacture since the logistics 
cost is going to go down and therefore the MSME sector will get more business. So, MSME will 
be a growth engine for us. 
Riya: 
Going forward do you see any hike in realizations? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Well, I have always said this that in the Indian logistics industry there is enough scope to reduce 
cost. We have to continuously optimize and reduce cost. Yes, we will very soon be announcing 
our annual hike. But the name of the game in logistics especially in India is cost optimization 
and bringing efficiency. 
Riya: 
Any guidance you would want to give for the annual hikes? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
You will soon get to know we'll be announcing it in the papers itself. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pradyumna Choudhary from JM Financial. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
First question I just wanted to understand, like one of our direct competitors which is listed, few 
months back it opened its Gurgaon hub and seems to be doing well. From a competition 
perspective how does it really affect us? Like even that is a very big hub, so does it really directly 
affect us? I just wanted to understand from a business perspective. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
25,000 crores is the organized market size and an equal if not more unorganized market size. 
There is enough room for all the players to grow in this market. We have to convert the 
unorganized to organized and that is the way all of us should be able to grow more than the 
market rate of growth. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Secondly, I was just looking at your surface express tonnage and revenue, Q1 and Q2. So, there 
seems to be a slight decrease in realization is my understanding, Q-on-Q. What would be the 
reason for the same? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
The slight increase or decrease happens depending on the lanes that the customer gives us. There 
will always be fluctuation of a percentage here or there depending on the lanes that the customer 
gives you during that particular period of time. Nothing alarming has changed either in the 
profile of business or in the revenue per fleet. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Just one bookkeeping question. What's the gross margin in this quarter? 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
The gross margin for the quarter is 28.8%. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sagar Bhatia from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Sagar Bhatia: 
My question is a little more tilted towards the client mix which you already mentioned before. I 
want to know going forward in the next two quarters or even in the year how does that mix look 
like for you? And second, which segment has contributed the most to your EBITDA expansion 
or was it just a function of increasing efficiency through whichever mediums you all have done. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
I keep repeating the same answer over and over again and I will do it once more for you. We 
clearly have a focus on MSME and retail. That does not mean we stop getting new business or 
better wallet share from the large customers. Basically, if you have to optimize cost, the one 
factor that you have to keep in mind is capacity utilization. And capacity utilization is a direct 
derivative of volume. So yes, the large volume does help us to reduce costs on our major cost 
which is our network. It's a balance between both yield and cost reduction which has given us 
our gross margin. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Saloni Hemani from Molecule Ventures PMS. 
Saloni Hemani: 
I just have one remaining question. We have been extending the timelines for hubs like Pune, 
Hyderabad, Cochin in our PCP in the last couple of quarters. Any reason for that? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
I have given timelines for Bombay and Bangalore. Yes, both of them have been extended. 
Bombay specifically by more than a couple of months. Basically, Bhiwandi is a challenging 
area, and we can't really have control over the construction since these are all built-to-suit done 
by the investors and landlords. But happy to say that we have started shifting in today over there. 
Bangalore specifically is because of the rain. There have been some torrential rains and therefore 
the plinth which was supposed to come up much earlier took more time because of the monsoon. 
Having said that we are always on the lookout if we find something which is suitable and can be 
taken up like I would say off-the-shelf and that's what we did in Nagpur and Guwahati. We 
found good properties and we have just taken them, and they basically meet the requirements of 
our expanded infrastructure. So, a combination of these will continue. But we are very optimistic 
that by March of 2023 our first phase of infrastructure expansion should get done. 
Saloni Hemani: 
The follow-up on the hubs. Our competitors have also come up with new mega hubs and from 
the looks of it they look a lot more automated than the Farukh Nagar hub that we visited a couple 
of quarters back. Anything that you want to highlight about the automation part, about are we 
going to automate the hubs going forward and we are just focusing on building them right now?  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Well automation in a B2B business is very different than automation in a B2C business. In B2B 
business when I talk about automation it is basically dock levelers and in our Farukh Nagar hub, 
I think we have more than 80 dock levelers almost one on every dock. When we talk about 
automation, we talk about material handling, equipment to ease the manual handling of the goods 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
and we also talk about loading-unloading through telescopic conveyor. The first two which is 
the dock levelers and the material handling equipment every time we open a new hub, we will 
have that already. The telescopic conveyors is something that we are looking at in Farukh Nagar 
just now as we say on a trial period and if it really works because our per docket load is 100 kgs 
in Gati on an average. It has to work for such a big load otherwise it doesn't make sense just for 
the sake of automation to do automation. 
Saloni Hemani: 
Just one more question on the 1,00,000 tons part that we achieved in this month; are we expecting 
to continue with this trend going forward? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Absolutely. We have done 5,64,000 tons in the last quarter right sorry 564 in the last 6 months. 
2,85,000 tons in the last quarter. So, if you divide that by 3 it is already on an average more than 
90,000 tons. Definitely we will be continuing this effort and as we open new infrastructure we 
will go and talk to our customers that we are ready for more business in that particular region. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Bhavin Shah from Samiksha Capital.  
Bhavin Shah: 
You've given very precise, targets for EBITDA margins for year end and in long term. So, at 
what revenue level would you achieve that, that's my first question? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
There are two kinds of margins that we speak about. One is the contribution of gross margin and 
the second is the EBITDA. Expansion of the gross margin and revenue increase, combination of 
these two will expand the EBITDA because we have now reached the stage in below gross 
margin costs where they will be directly proportional to the revenue. They are not variable. So, 
we can leverage that with the increased gross margin and revenues. When I talk about my 3,000 
crores exit rate with a 12% to 15% EBITDA margin that is basically the first target that we have 
set for Gatiets when I came into the organization. Our gross margins have increased far better 
than my personal expectation in a short period of time in Gati and that kudos to the operations 
team that has worked well for us. As we move forward, a combination of expansion of gross 
margins and revenue increase will get us the EBITDA margin. 
Bhavin Shah: 
Now there are two observations which I want to or two points I want to make and then you relate 
and see, how you relate to that with your business. One is, what sort of premium are you getting 
for Express versus normal LTL guys and second is how do you see your business getting 
impacted once the dedicated freight corridor is fully operational which could shift some business 
to rail? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
In Gati we don't do LTL business, we do only Express Logistics business. LTL business margins 
can differ dramatically within that business but for us as Express Logistics I think our yields are 
comparable to the yields of competition in the same Express Logistics business. With regard to 
freight corridor, we at Gati are very excited about both the freight corridors as well as the multi-
modal parks that are going to get opened because if a railway siding is going to be extending 
into the multi-modal park, then the entire cost of transportation becomes far lesser for us as an 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
organization and more effective for the industry as a whole. A combination of the freight 
corridors with the multi-modal park would be very accretive for reducing the logistics cost in 
India. 
Bhavin Shah: 
My question was how much price premium you are able to get over the normal LTL, non-express 
LTL because that is important in terms of given the higher cost? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Well like I said when you go non-express, LTL is generic. LTL could be Bombay to Delhi in 15 
days, Bombay to Delhi in 20 days, Bombay to Delhi in 8 days. It depends on what the customer 
wants and therefore the price could vary anywhere between let us say Rs. 5 and Rs. 7 per kg 
whereas the yields for Express Logistics is on an average above Rs. 12. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rahul Picha from Multi-Act PMS.  
Rahul Picha: 
I wanted to understand firstly that you have given a medium-term guidance on where you want 
to take the EBITDA margins of the business but when I look at the depreciation cost and in 
context of the hubs that we intend to add over the medium-term that has been going up and the 
way the accounting is; depreciation also accounts for the lease rentals that we pay on our long-
term leases. So, in that context how do you expect the depreciation cost to increase over the 
medium-term? And in context of that where do you expect the PBT margins to be in 2 years’ 
time? 
Anish Mathew: 
Well, I think your question is directly related to the PBT margin. So, I would put it this way. 
The depreciation accounting or IndAS accounting is getting reflected in the EBITDA and equal 
amount is getting off-set that is depreciation line. Net-net that it's not going to be having a major 
impact on the PBT line. You would be giving a credit to your EBITDA line on account of IndAS 
but you will be debiting depreciation as well as interest charge in the below EBITDA line. So, 
net-net as you know the PBT line would more or less is going to remain the same. There will be 
marginal increase or decrease in the margin. 
Rahul Picha: 
So basically, on an aggregate basis you are saying that it will only be reallocation from other 
expenses to depreciation but not an overall increase? 
Anish Mathew: 
Yes, at a PBT line it would be having a very insignificant impact.  
Rahul Picha: 
So, your guidance of 12% EBITDA translates to what kind of a PBT margin?  
Anish Mathew: 
12% will give a PBT margin of around 5% to 6% (FY2024), 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Nidhi Babaria from Envision Capital.  
Nidhi Babaria: 
Can we say that we have capacity constraint? Is it like we have less number of trucks or is it 
more to do with the efficiencies in the hub centers? 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
It is more to do with the space and the way some of our old hubs have been constructed. Nothing 
to do with transportation. Transportation capacities can be increased or reduced because we are 
an asset light company. So, even if I double my tonnage, I can manage the transportation today. 
It is the hub centers. For example, and I'm repeating something here, in North we had three 
separate hub centers earlier and a single truck had to unload and load from three hub centers 
before it moved out of Delhi. There was tremendous inefficiency there and each of these hub 
centers had hardly five docks each. You can imagine turnaround time of a hub. Similarly in 
Bombay we had two separate hub centers, one in Panvel, one in Bhiwandi. So, the trucks had to 
actually move from one hub center to another for both loading-unloading over there. These are 
inefficiencies that were built over the years and once you kind of collapse this and make it one 
single large hub center with requisite docks say around 80 per 1,00,000 square feet that you 
make, that is where the capacity becomes good enough for volumes to increase. I hope I've 
answered your question. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Yes. When we say that we have a revenue target of 3,000 crores by FY26, this means that we 
need to grow by at least 18% to 19% CAGR and in current quarter we had grown roughly about 
9% YoY. What gives us the confidence that we will be able to grow more than 20% in coming 
quarters or what is the correct roadmap to the growth to achieve 3,000 crores? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
First half over last first half I have grown 30.6%. If I keep growing this way, I will hit my 
numbers easily.  
Nidhi Babaria: 
When we say that our EBITDA margins are going to improve in line with revenue growth and 
gross margin growth. What exactly is going to be there for us to expand our gross margins? Like 
how are we planning to increase our gross margins? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Our gross margin expansion is a combination of reduction cost and reduction cost comes out of 
capacity utilization of trucks as we move the truck, every 1% additional capacity beyond 85% 
gives you tremendous cost reduction in the trucking industry. The second is of course your yield. 
As you increase your yield that increases your gross margin so combination of these two will 
expand the gross margin. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Any outlook on Guwahati and Nagpur centers like is there any way to quantify how these centers 
are going to contribute in our efficiencies on revenue side or on the gross margin side? Like any 
rough picture on these two centers? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
I can only tell you this much that from an efficiency perspective we see immediately an 
efficiency enhancement of 20% to 25% when we open up a new hub which means that we can 
do the same job with lesser number of people and we can turn around more trucks in the same 
amount of time. Once that happens, service enhances and customers get more confidence and 
therefore they start giving us those lanes also. 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Is there any way where we can say that initially our turnaround time in those regions were 24 
hours and with these tenders it will come down to let’s say 18 hours or 20 hours or any those 
kinds of numbers? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
A truck in Farukh Nagar turns around in 90 so 90 minutes it gets offloaded and 90 minutes it 
gets loaded which is basically if you put them together 3 hours. Before that it was taking 8 to 12 
hours. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ash Shah from Elara Capital.  
Ash Shah: 
I had a couple of questions on the fuel station side. Could you just give me the timeline as to 
when will the fuel station be divested completely and how many petrol pumps do we own 
currently right now? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So, we have three fuel stations. If you can help me with timelines when we deal with the Oil 
Ministry, I would be very happy. It’s on a lighter note, please don't take it seriously. 
Ash Shah: 
In the first quarter con-call you had mentioned that there were certain assets that were held for 
sale and we were in various stages and we were going to receive some money in Q2. So, have 
we received any money from them? Could you just update on that?  
Anish Mathew: 
AHS, we have sold many properties and the total amount of money realized on account of sale 
of assets held for sale for 6 months, 30th September is Rs. 67 crores. That's a significant amount 
of money which we have realized and our AHS have come down as you know from Rs. 134 
crores to kind of Rs. 94 crores. We have 12 to 13 properties which is yet to be sold and we do 
have almost like a 20% visibility for those remaining assets and we expect to kind of get a good 
amount of realization as you know in the next 6 months.  
Ash Shah: 
We are going to receive around 70 crores from Allcargo in  Q3 and we had received around 
supposedly 70 crores odd from the asset sale assuming. So, do we see that we will be like gross 
debt free by FY23?  
Anish Mathew: 
No, we won't be able to square off our debt by ‘23 because there are other commitments, capital 
commitment as well and that's what we have been kind of providing the guidance also. I think 
most likely by FY23-24 you would be nil debt.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Krupashankar NJ from Spark Capital Advisors.  
Krupashankar NJ: 
I had just one question, small question. While we have seen the growth of express industry post 
GST and what we're also seeing is a lot of supply chain getting realigned and emphasis based on 
the secondary distribution. Now we exhibit upbeat expectation on revenue growth over the next 
3-4 years being upwards of 20% for the industry. Are you seeing any specific end users’ sector 

 
 
Gati Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
which are adopting Express Logistics in a much faster way or are you seeing any specific 
indicators on the underlying sectors? That's something which I wanted to pick your brain on? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So, what I was saying is traditionally the industries that used to use Express Logistics was auto 
industry specifically for the aftermarkets business which is the spare parts and components 
business. We used to also see pharmaceuticals using Express Logistics to reach their goods to 
their distributors and C&F agents. But there is a big change now happening with the advent of 
e-commerce. A lot of the consumers and brands are using e-commerce to reach sorry using B2B 
express logistics to reach the warehouses of the e-commerce companies so that their goods can 
ultimately reach the retail customer. There is a big growth and as more and more of these so-
called B2C brands come up, they have to use B2B players to move from their manufacturer to 
the warehouse before they can really send it out in the last mile and that's a big segment that is 
coming up now for B2B express logistics. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
I know we have had this interaction in the past wherein you are seeing lot of consolidation with 
respect to warehousing and from what I can gather with respect to what you've just said on the 
Indian industry. It’s more of, is it fair to say that the inventory is getting far more greener and or 
rather in the system the extent of inventory kept by the company is coming off and it's far more 
centralized which is also one of the drivers. If that is the case then is it fair to assume that it has 
played out to a certain degree in some of the sectors and there are other sectors wherein it is 
likely to happen? Some thoughts on that front? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
You are absolutely right. Post GST inventory on wheels becomes extremely important. Pre-GST 
there have to be stocking locations in every state. Now it is no longer required and inventory on 
wheels become very important and it has to be predictable inventory on wheels. Most of the 
customers do not want their distributors or their retailers to hold large inventory so therefore, 
express logistics will play a very critical role for them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-and-answer session. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So, thank you everyone for attending this call. If you have any more questions, you can either 
contact  SGA who is our Investor Relations company or Ankit who heads our Investor Relations. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
