 
Website : www.tvsmotor.com Email : contactus@tvsmotor.com CIN : L35921TN1992PLC022845 
 
10th November 2022 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip code: 532343 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip code: TVSMOTOR 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Reg 
:
Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our intimations dated 26th October 2022 and 4th November 2022 
with respect to the schedule of a conference call with the analysts / fund houses 
post results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2022 and intimation 
on the audio recording, respectively, we wish to inform that the transcript copy of 
the said recording is enclosed and the same has been hosted on the website of the 
Company and is available at:   
 
https://www.tvsmotor.com/en/Investors/Communication 
  
Kindly acknowledge receipt. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
K S Srinivasan 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
 
KELLIYA 
SUBRAMANIAN 
SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by KELLIYA 
SUBRAMANIAN SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2022.11.10 18:56:12 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“TVS Motor Company Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2022 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. N. RADHAKRISHNAN – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY 
LIMITED 
MR. K. GOPALA DESIKAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TVS Motors Limited 2Q FY '23 Post 
Results Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder all participants lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask question after the presentation conclude. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj from Batlivala Karani Securities India Private Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you  
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thanks, Mike. Apologies for the delay starting this conference. Welcome to TVS Motors 2Q 
FY '23 Post Results Conference Call. From the management side, we have with us Mr. K. N. 
Radhakrishnan, Director & Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. K. Gopala Desikan, Chief 
Financial Officer.  I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Radhakrishnan for the opening remarks to 
be followed by the question-and-answer session. Over to you, sir 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Good evening, and thank you for joining us today. Sincere apologies for the delay in starting 
this call. Season greetings to all of you and your family members and your team.. I'm extremely 
delighted to share that the company first time recorded over INR 7,000 crores of revenue and 
EBITDA of INR 700 crores and profit PBT over INR 500 crores.  
Revenue is INR 7,219 crores, EBITDA is INR 737 crores, PBT is INR 549 crores. It is very glad 
that we have launched the TVS Ronin during this quarter. Company, Scooter brand TVS Jupiter 
achieved a new milestone by crossing the 5 million mark and we are extremely thankful to all 
of our customers. We have launched the TVS Ronin, the first modern retro motorcycle, which 
received an excellent response from the customers.  
TVS Ronin comes with versatile features combined with unique design, model technology, step 
free riding experiences across all variant. The motorcycle has got one of many firsts with 
impressive technology, convenience features like dual channel ABS, voice specifics and 
enhanced connectivity. During the same quarter, we had also launched the series of iQube 
product into the market. They are all very well received in the market.  
Now with respect to Q2, during the quarter the company's operating revenue grew by 28%. This 
quarter is INR 7,219 crores versus last year same quarter of INR 5,619 crores. The domestic 2-
wheeler market company sales grew by 21%, 7.25 lakhs against last year's 5.99 lakhs. And 
please note that industry during this time grew by 12%. 
International market, we sold 2.52 lakhs against 2.7 lakh during last year. The industry decline 
was 14% and our decline was only 7%. I'll give you more details about the reason for decline. 
The 2-wheeler sales grew overall 9.77 lakhs against 8.7 lakhs. We grew by 12% when the 
industry grew by 6%. The domestic sales numbers include 16,000 units of electric scooter, but 
what is more heartening is during the number of October, we have delivered more than 8,000. 
So month-after-month, we are able to ramp up better and we are able to deliver. And we have 
very good booking of iQube. 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Three-wheelers, we are at 0.5 lakhs unit as against 0.47 lakhs during last year's Q2. EBITDA for 
this quarter is INR 737 crores, grown by 31% compared to last year's same quarter of INR 563 
crores. Company registered an EBITDA margin of 10.2% against the 10% margin during last 
year. This EBITDA was delivered, despite challenges in the international market due to 
economic slowdown and higher inflation, so we moderated the dispatch because we always 
believe in keeping the right stock in the market. 
In the domestic market, we have launched TVS Ronin and with better availability in this quarter, 
we were able to put higher investments in marketing because that is very, very critical because 
we are building brands and also iQube is supported with marketing and being seasoned, we put 
extra money on the marketing side as investment.  
As a part of the release strategy, we have also taken extremely specialist areas of specialized 
resources in the areas of software, electronic, digital analytics. This is one of the important things 
that is why the employee cost has gone up. Even though the premium motorcycles the ramp-up 
was better than Q1, still we couldn't meet the full demand due to nonavailability of certain 
portion of semiconductors, which is becoming better in the month of October, November. We 
expect the supply constraints will ease off in Q3. 
The PBT for the quarter grew by 46%, INR 549 crores, that's against INR 377 crores during Q2 
of last year. The profit after tax grew by 47%, INR 407 crores as against INR 278 crores during 
Q2 of last year. On EV, as I said, month after month we are able to ramp up and what is 
heartening is there is an opening booking of more than 25,000 at a peak.  
Q2, we were able to deliver 16,000, which is much better than Q1, which is 9,000 this year 
beginning and our market share is also going up 2.9% last year to now 9.9% almost. With better 
availability of parts in Q3, we are confident that we will cross the 10,000 mark and then we will 
go towards the 20,000 mark in Q4.  
Currently, iQube is available in more than 100 cities -- towns in India, excellent response. We 
have continuously expanding our capacity and thanks to the supply chain they are also 
supporting us. As I said earlier, we will be launching a series of new products in the coming 
quarters in the – to have a complete portfolio between 5 to 25 kilowatts in the next few quarters 
to come. And we have wide spread access in the network with Tata Power, CESL, Jio-BP. And 
this will definitely enhance the customer convenience much more. 
On the new product side for the Diwali season and Puja season, we have given many, many 
variants and many new products, all grew. 2022, TVS Apache RTR 160, RTR 180 with more 
power, ride mode and SmartConnect. The new motorcycles are lighter, faster, tech loaded with 
enhanced performance. The motorcycles will come fitted with Bluetooth-enabled fully digital 
instrument cluster and Smart Connect.  
There is -- they are all adorned with fresh attractive graphics. The new Jupiter Classic launched 
to celebrate fastest 5 million vehicles on the road on Jupiter and new TVS Jupiter Classic 
recommits to the consistent delivery of the TVS Jupiter Brand promise of ZYADA KA FAYDA.  

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
TVS Raider has now become one of the most loved motorcycles since its launch last year and it 
continues to go with Raider. TVS Raider SmartConnect PST variant launched with custom glass 
features with a series of TFT display, TVS SmartConnect with voice, Bluetooth connectivity, 
navigation, ride report and multiple ride mode and pretty confident that this one of the brands 
which are becoming super hit in the market.  
• 
TVS NTORQ 125 Race Edition comes with marine blue color. Very good feedback 
from the market and the new quarter also features chequered flag-race-inspired graphics. Season 
has gone well for us. And during the season, company has done well. We are very confident that 
the rural market has started improving.  
Now with improved availability of semiconductors, we are expecting practically able to meet 
the demand of Raider and the premium products coming forward in Q3. In terms of international 
market, I think there is a slowdown, very visible economic slowdown, currency depreciation, 
high inflation in certain markets. So we are moderating the risk factors. The retail has started 
picking up now. Retails are much better than dispatches, but we always believe in lower stocks.  
Even in India, post the seasons, we have less than one month stock, that is always our strategy 
and all dispatches are in cash and carry. Q3 and Q4, you will see new products getting introduced 
closer to the launch, I'll give you more detail. We have seen, definitely the previous year has 
been very good in supporting the retail finance and also has done extremely well. And this has 
been helping the 2-wheeler growth. 
With a strong portfolio of brands like Apache, Jupiter, Jupiter 125, Raider, NTORQ, Star range, 
HLX, Radeon and TVS King and the recently launched TVS Ronin which is extremely well, we 
are confident that we will grow ahead of the industry both in domestic and international. We 
have invested especially in the area of marketing with the launch of products. And we have also 
invested in future technology areas. We have added competent people in digital electronic 
software because they are fundamental to delivering our strategy on the EV side. 
We are pretty confident that quarter-after-quarter with revenue growth, increased 
Premiumization, continued cost reduction initiatives will lead our sustained EBITDA better and 
better. And we will continue to deliver more and more EVs. October, we have already delivered 
8,000 and you will see that going to 10,00 this quarter. And then in Q4, we are confident that we 
will go closer to the 25,000 mark per month. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have 
the first question on the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.  
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Hi, good evening, and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is just on the other 
expenses line. It looks like we've had a good bump up in revenues quarter-on-quarter, but sort 
of maybe because of higher other expenses than expected the margins are still flat. There's not 
so much operating leverage visible. So just trying to understand what drove the higher other 
expenses? And is this run rate to keep in mind going forward as well?  

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Other expenses, like I said, there were new product launches and the marketing expenses has 
gone up during the quarter. And also we have added on the -- there are because of the variable 
expenditure because of the turnover going up, that has also gone up. So the variable expenses is 
in line with the plan. Marketing expenses, definitely, because when we try to put the launches 
we want to make sure that whether there is TVS Ronin or iQube or some of the products that we 
have launched for the season. These are our investments because they are going to pay back 
going forward.  
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Second question is just on the electric 2-wheeler capacity. I think earlier you had mentioned 
getting to 120,000 units annual capacity and then sort of taking it from there. So it looks like we 
are already close to that 120,000 units annual manufacturing capacity on electric 2-wheelers. I 
just wanted to understand over the next 12 months. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
We already have 1,20,000 in capacity. Actually, we were not able to ramp up. But now we are 
pretty confident, possibly this month itself we will exceed 10,000. Last month, we did 8,000. 
Now, thanks to all the suppliers, , they're all supporting us. Like I said, we have more than 25,000 
booking as of now when I speak. So the challenge is to now take it to 25,000 per month. And 
we are not present in all markets in India. So I think it's a good story. 
Our first challenge is to deliver this month 10,000 and then 18,000 to 25,000 by March. So we 
are giving a lot of confidence in terms of this one because 25,000 will go to 300,000 practically, 
annual run rate will be 300,000 surplus. So capacity we have. We are now ramping up. The 
challenge is -- 10,000 we are very confident, now the ramping up to the 25,000 is going to be 
the challenge because there we have to get all the supply chain partners delivery. Extremely 
happy on the demand side. I hope I have clarified you. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Yes. That's helpful. And just last question is on the recent acquisition that we announced a stake 
in Nkars Mobility. So I just wanted to understand the thought process behind that acquisition? 
And any additional color on that transaction?  
K. Gopala Desikan: 
This have invested close to 40 and odd percentage in this company. This is basically a company 
which is involved in the pre-owned vehicle business. And that will help us to understand more 
the customer-related requirements, it will help us in our relevant strategy. Also, it will help the 
TVS credit services where the reprocessed vehicles can be refurbished and sold and also gives 
an opportunity for previous credit service to fund the pre-owned vehicle business also. It is 
absolutely relevant  to the business activity of TVS Motor Company Limited. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead.  
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes. Thanks now for the opportunity, Sir. I think -- just wanted some clarification around the 
investments that you've been making on the EV side in terms of employee costs have shot up 
quite a lot and you did highlight that you've been hiring a lot of talent for the EV side. If you can 
just help us quantify either in terms of what the kind of size of teams we are having or how much 
of the incremental pressure, because we do understand that the EV business will get -- moved to 
a separate subsidiary. 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
And if you can also share some time line around that as to by when do you expect the EV 
subsidiarization to happen? And if you can generally guide towards the kind of cost at what 
you're taking on EVs, which will be there till the volumes ramp up? So just help us understand 
how is the ICE portfolio doing? Just trying to understand the profitability on that count. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, EV is the most important strategy. And as I highlighted, all the increases -- we are not 
adding any more people in ICE. In fact, all the vision has been either in the area of software or 
electronic or digital and analytics, all related to the future. And this is the future mobility 
requirements and this is going to completely support the company in a great going forward. 
And as I highlighted, we have in the next 12 quarters a full product pipeline, completely echoing 
what we have seen ICE side. So it is going to definitely help us in terms of delivering because 
you need to put the right people and we need to have competent people who can deliver these 
numbers and platforms. So please understand that. So that is the reason we are investing behind 
that. And that will continue because TVS -- the most important thing is even if you look at iQube, 
we are designing, developing many things ourselves, and we are also partnering with some of 
the suppliers.  
So the true spirit of Atmanirbhar Bharat is there in iQube. I can keep elaborating what all things 
we have designed and developed. And that is a strength of TVS Motor Company. So whatever 
we do inside, you will see once or not higher in terms of the people and the development and 
the kind of investments we handling. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And sir, if I -- did I hear you right talking about launches from next quarter onwards on the EV 
side? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes, you will see definitely some more launches from our side. Quarter after quarter there will 
be definitely some launches on the EV side from the company. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And is there a way you can quantify what's the kind of additional costs you're carrying because 
there's not much of business there, but you're making the investment ahead of time for the future. 
So I just want to understand how much of this is not related to the ICE business and this will 
kind of average out itself as the volumes ramp up or when you do the subsidization, just trying 
to understand how much are we --the kind of -- as a percent of revenue, the investments what 
you are making on the P&L side on the EV costs, if you can clarify? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
What is most important is see how the revenues are going up month after month, quarter after 
quarter. And it is a combined I plus EV and that is the most important strategy of the company. 
You keep getting the right brands which are super hit products, which requires investments. And 
we put the right people. So for example, today, when I'm talking to, I'm pretty confident that 
iQube is a brand which is likely to do more than 25,000. And this is the plan which we are going 
to offer leverage globally. 
So we wanted to make, for example, Ronin -- the response has been wonderful, that is on the 
right side. So the sort of products we are putting into the market is a quite investment. So I plus 
EV, we are extremely happy that we are able to increase EBITDA both in absolute numbers and 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
in percentage better and better, month after month and quarter after quarter. That should be what 
we have to say. 
Pramod Kumar: 
So in a way, you are reiterating that you -- despite the EV ramp up, this will not be accretive, 
you will still continue to see EBITDA expanding and even the margins expanding from these 
levels? Is that understanding right, sir? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Absolutely. Overall, we have to grow better and better both in top line and in the margin. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And sir on the subsidiarization of the EV business? 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Yes, we'll come back to you at the right point of time. We are evaluating all the options, including 
grading of our new subsidiary, we will come back to you. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Okay. And sir, final question on the marketing cost for the auto business. Do you -- because you 
did say there were launch expenses and all of that. So do you see at least those marketing costs 
moderating a bit in absolute terms for the remainder of the year? Or do you continue to see to 
maintain these kind of absolute levels for the remainder of the year as well? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
If you look at marketing as cost. I look at marketing as a business. How do we take Ronin. See, 
I don't want to give the numbers what we are looking at, but that is a great brand. Ronin is 
building up with a great brand. iQube is getting as super hit brand. So the way we have to look 
at --Jupiter 125. Raider unfortunately had some challenges in ramping up because some suppliers 
did not support us. Let’s say it is shorter the time we are able to deliver more than 25,000 per 
month. And consumers are extremely happy and I can even take it to the next year. So I don't 
look at it as marketing cost. I look at the marketing investment to be the bank. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Fair enough sir, and thanks a lot for that. And during the course of the call to share the financials 
of the TVS credit business if whenever you have the time. Thank you. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
TVS credit is doing extremely well. 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
I can just give share some information about TV's credit service. First time, we have crossed 
17,000 on the book side. We are at INR 17,448 crores and gross NPA is lower than the previous 
quarter reported, it's around 2.8%. And we are meeting the capital adequacy norms as required. 
On the profitability side, the profit for the quarter is INR 129 crores is the profit for this quarter 
against last year's INR 35 crores. And the PAT is close to INR 100 crores, which is at INR 96 
crores, to be very precise. And we continue to hold 84.24% in previous credit service. It caters 
around 44% of the requirements of TVS Motor 2-wheeler financing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Good evening, sir. Could you talk about the realizations. You have seen a very good 
improvement this quarter. So how much of this was price increases? How much was mix led? 
And how much did you get from the currency? 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
See price increases were happening during this quarter, right? 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes, during September. And of course, if you have -- if you've taken any under return on... 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes, see. During Q2, the price increases about 1%. So overall we have taken a price increase of 
1%. And exchange, we got, I think, 0.3%, 0.4% of benefit. Remaining all coming from material 
cost reduction. If I look at Q2 to Q1 of this year is almost same in terms of RM. So the overall 
price increase plus exchange benefit plus cost reductions. Commodity increases have been there, 
as you know, for than 1.5%. So I think overall business is breakup. And we did actually lose 
something on the mix, okay? So mix is getting better now with a better ramp-up of Raider and 
premium products in Q2. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. Sir, I was actually asking about realization per vehicle. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Realization per vehicle is about INR 70,000. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. So like was there a contribution from better mix of sales also if you could share that? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Spare parts is at the same level. I think we have done spare parts is at INR 670 crores for this 
quarter. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. And sir, when you go forward, are you seeing significant benefits on the commodity front? 
Or like how should we think about it? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Commodity is definitely softening. Going forward, we are also seeing that it has reached the 
highest level. So we will see moderation going forward in Q3 and Q4. The challenge, like I 
highlighted some of the international markets because of the economic conditions and because 
of the issues related to the Ukraine war, I think there is higher inflation, the currencies are getting 
depreciated. So I think the consumers are having little bit... 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the line for the management has dropped. Please stay connected. We will 
reconnect the management shortly. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the management connected. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes, yes. So I don't know to what extent you were able to hear me when the call got disconnected 
because it was okay from here -- our side. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sir, can you repeat from, like when you were talking about pricing in the international market, 
how it has moved -- or how you expect it to move given that you were mentioning something 
about commodity challenges and also in the domestic market, if you... 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
I think commodities have reached to the maximum and we are seeing commodities will soften 
and it will settle down in Q3 and Q4. And even I told about better ramp-up of now the TVS 
products and Raider, we are pretty confident that Q3 the numbers will be much better. On the 
international, there are some challenges with respect to the economic slowdown, little bit of 
inflation and currency depreciation. So we are mindful of that. Even in the month of October 
our retails are much positive, but we have made sure that the risk factors are moderated. 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
This situation could continue for a couple of months, but I'm pretty confident that from Q4 you 
will see a big change. But even in Q3, we will do better than the industry. Even in the month of 
October you would have seen both in domestic and international, TVS has done better in risk 
factors and market share gain. Where on the other side, you would have seen our margins are 
also going up. So -- and we always keep the stocks very lean, say around 25% of the domestic 
market type of 1-month stock maximum. 
So that has been the principle of the company. So we keep right, and you know that we are 
completely cash and carry. So all these are helping us to make sure that the working capital not 
only of the company or the distributor dealer, everything is managed pretty well. This was the 
point I was trying to highlight. 
Kapil Singh: 
I was second on the pricing for international markets and domestic, how do you expect it to 
evolve going ahead? Have we done any price hike? Or any currency pass-through we will do in 
international markets to support market? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Pricing, we have done it based on Q2, when I said, I think about a 1% increase both in domestic 
market and international market we have increased prices. And the currency, we got about 0.4%. 
Kapil Singh: 
For Q3. October onwards? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
October, we have taken another price about 1.1%. 
Kapil Singh: 
In both domestic and international? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
No. domestic. This is domestic. See, price increase, we constantly look at opportunities and 
depending upon the situation we will look at it, okay. Domestic we have increased by 1.1%. We 
will keep looking at it. Pricing is a strategy. We look at -- what is most important is we have to 
grow ahead of the industry. And we look into opportunities to also look at the cost increases and 
overall opportunity on prices. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Thanks for taking my questions. I just had the follow-up on the margin again. So the bulk of the 
cost that you've seen here pertain to the launch cost, the increase that we've seen Q-on-Q. Now 
I'm just thinking from a mix perspective you indicated that this quarter has been positive. We 
sort of started to even see the commodity tailwinds in this quarter. Now from here on, what is 
the incremental delta? I mean, I'm just trying to understand how should we see the margin 
performance? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Margin, as I committed to you, we will grow ahead of the industry, both in domestic and 
international, and we will continue to do better and better in margin. Okay. I'll not be able to 
give you a guidance. But if I look at both in terms of absolute INR 549 crores PBT and INR 
7,200 crores, both are the highest, okay? So you will see with the kind of product range what we 
have and the initiatives whatever we have taken on premiumization and also the focus on 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
launching new products, I think and the range what we have, whether it is Apache, whether it is 
Jupiter or NTORQ or Raider, you will see us growing both in the top line better than the industry. 
And in terms of EBITDA, we will grow quarter after quarter. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Sir, just clarification, sorry, maybe I wasn't clear in my question. I'm just trying to 
understand, is the commodity benefit reflected in to any extent in this quarter? Or we'll see that 
flow through in the second half of the year? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
The commodity start softening sometime in September. So you will see the benefits coming in 
Q3, okay? That again depends upon the kind of quarterly lag, fees, whatever we have the 
agreement. So what is most important according to me is growing ahead of the industry, growing 
the revenue faster than the industry and also EBITDA. And marketing costs are investments. For 
example, when Ronin on any new product when you launch, you have to make it as a super hit 
product. So that requires -- you need to have that awareness creation. You have to say what are 
the positives of the product. And that's exactly what we are doing. But even if you look at the 
question, marketing expenses is steadily coming down. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
And the other 2 small questions that I had was on the festive. Can you give us some sense on 
how was the festive growth for TVS? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
You can see the Vahan. We have done extremely well. We have gained market share ahead of 
the industry. We have grown ahead of the industry because now Vahan is very transferring to 
everybody. We have the Vahan retail side -- I look at the festive season, of course, there is a lead 
lag. But if you look at the festive season, it is 36% in Vahan we have grown. But there is a lead 
lag. So what we are very much interested is festive season is only one season. We want to 
continuously grow in Vahan quarter after quarter is the kind of product range what we have. So 
we always look at not only fees, we look at how do we grow ahead of the industry, how do we 
make sure that we keep lean stocks. So that is the objective, and that has been – pretty well. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
And then last question from my side is on the semiconductor side. You mentioned that this will 
start to ease -- this is easing now in quarter 3. Can you give us some sense on your readers -- 
there's been a wait period. So what sort of order backlog we have and which will be the models 
where we can see a very significant ramp-up going into quarter three? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
All new products we have seen very good demand in the market and we are not able to satisfy 
the demand. So we will consistently look at where all we can ramp up, whether it is Jupiter 125 
or the Raider or Ronin. I think this is part and parcel and you know about iQube, I give you some 
numbers. So all the new products, without affecting our existing products we are able to build 
it. That is what is most important. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Viraj from Simpl. Please go ahead. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
We are not able to hear you clearly. Can you again repeat the question? 
Viraj: 
Yes. My question is largely on the investment part. So we talked about fundraising plan for the 
NBFC, idea of bringing in a strategic partner or an IPO. So any update you can provide as to 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
where we are on that? And related question is, we also made an investment in Rapido We have 
close to 1% or 2% stake. So just trying to understand what is your thought process? So last year 
we talked about investments peaking out and incrementally the pace of investment should kind 
of moderate going forward. But we keep on seeing this INR 100 crores, INR 200 crores kind of 
bucket investments in these kind of, and so just trying to understand how should one look at 
investments for next few years? 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Credit service is concerned, still we are evaluating and we will come back to you on that on the 
fund raise program of TVS credit service. With regard to all the investments, they are all quite 
relevant. And again, these investments are all into the 2-wheeler related electric site-related 
investments are only being made. And therefore I don't think there is anything to worry about 
the investments what we have made so far. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
I want to only repeat one thing. When we started Indonesia, that was an investment and today it 
is giving huge returns. Same way TVSCS when we started, it is giving huge return. And these 
investments, whatever we are going are on the future mobility space. And also in the right -- so 
this is very, very critical and TVS will continue to do that. But what is the most heartening is 
overall with this investment we are able to grow our EBITDA faster than the industry. We are 
also able to grow the revenue faster than industry. So what is most important is you have to 
invest and you have to look at quarter-by-quarter, are you growing ahead of the industry in top 
line, in the bottom line and the EBITDA, not in absolute terms and percentage. So that is exactly 
what we are focusing. 
Viraj: 
Sir, sorry, what I really meant is -- so I understand these kind of investments we're making either 
to bridge gap in terms of capabilities or to kind of presence into new areas existing. So if we 
kind of scan the whole landscape in terms of, say, digital or EV or new technologies, post these 
investments which you have made, do we see any need for further or we think we have kind of 
covered sufficient ground in terms of coverage? I think the capabilities of…  
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
These are based on looking at the opportunities and we have to seize the opportunity because 
whether it is future mobility or EV stage, we are at the beginning. We have one IPO. Now we 
have many-many brands and many products going forward. If you look at our ICE business, 
there are segments, customer segments, then there is also a huge opportunity to take into both 
developing markets and developed markets and how do we use this platform. So this investment 
will be based on the opportunity and the size of the market and the customer and the region 
benefit. 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Again, I just want to add one more thing here. We are generating a very healthy free cash flow, 
consequent to secure the cash and carry model. And therefore these investments are meant out 
of the internal cash generation. just I want to make this clear. 
Viraj: 
And second question was, if you can just give an update on some of the key acquisitions which 
you made? How they performed and the scale up of Norton? Thank you. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Their refer to us whatever we have indicated. They are all as per plan and we are pretty confident 
that they will all deliver very good results going forward. My analysis, again TVSCS and PT 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
TVS and you will see now we have started iQube and iQube makes a positive margin, and we 
are pretty confident as you improve your -- I think most important is from the customer side, 
they love iQube. So what is most important is create that pull from the customers, grow the top 
line, every line will help in every investment. 
Viraj: 
 
 
I'm in more about SMEG and GO AG, how is those being performing? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
They are performing well. They're performing well. There may be some short-term challenges 
because Europe is going through some challenges, all of us know that. But these challenges are 
not going to be permanent. Things will improve. Because if I look at Europe, there is a huge 
inflation because energy cost, all of you know that. There are some challenges because of the 
Ukraine war and we are getting into winter. So consumer sentiments are a bit low. That's okay. 
For example, I said about domestic and international markets. Some of the markets, inflation is 
high, economic slowdown. We have seen it in the past also. And I think we are pretty confident 
that we will go through that and we will do better and better than the industry. And this 
investment will definitely give returns in the future. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 
Can you share our USD and realization for the quarter and exports? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
You want USD. I think the 78.4. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 
And exports, export revenues? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Revenues, INR 2,139 crores. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And how do we look at capex and investments for current financial year? I mean first half capex 
has been about INR 320 crores, and investment has been close to INR 390 crores. So in terms 
of… 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes, capex predominantly it will be in the EV space. We are looking at this year most likely 
about INR 750 crores. But predominantly it will be in the EV space. This is on the capex side. 
And investments already basic I told you, TVSCS there may be some investment and the other 
investments will be based on the customer segment opportunities and all related to future 
mobility. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And lastly, would you be having your retail sales, your growth for the festive season and the 
data which you would be capturing in your system, not the Vahan, because Vahan comes with a 
lag -- within your system you would be having the retail sales data for festive season comparable 
number growth? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
We have done extremely well. The season has been extremely well, and we are offering with, as 
I told you, a less than one-month stock after the season and this month also I'm pretty confident 
in domestic market we will do extremely well. We will grow much ahead of the industry. And 
you look at our dispatch numbers also, and I'm pretty confident that with better availability of 
semiconductor, both in Raider and their premium products, I think Q3 should be a good Q3 for 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
us.  Only the face of international market retails are very good, but I am moderating my 
dispatches because there could be some challenges because of the inflation. So we are mindful 
about the stocks in the market. And we are really -- we plan proactively and we make sure that 
it is planned much better. So overall, again, we will do much better than the industry, both in 
domestic and international, even in Q3. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 
Understood.  
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
And I'm confident on crossing this 10,000 in iQube, because now with better visibility of 
semiconductor. Now our important ability is to ramp up to 15,000 and go to the 25,000 mark, 
which we have internally set in March. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of A Pirani from JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Actually, my first question was on the fact that you have decided to issue a zero coupon 
debenture to your subsidiary. So just wanted to understand, this INR 310 crores, you are raising 
to repay some existing debt? Or is it for some other reason? And why are you issuing it to your 
own subsidiary? I mean, do they have like a lot of cash, just trying to understand. 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Just to give a context, the subsidiary Sundaram Auto Components sold their stake in Sundaram 
Clayton USA, which we got the shareholders' approval and they have realized money. That 
money is lying there, that's being upstreamed through a process of a zero coupon bond issue, 
and this is the total. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
And it will only improve the cash flow of TVS Motors for business. 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Yes, this helps us a further cash inflow of INR 310 crores into the system of TVS Motors. 
Amyn Pirani: 
 
Just curious, wouldn't a dividend achieve the same result? I mean, is there some tax issue? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
No, it's more tax efficient and dividend depends upon the reserves position of the company. So 
this cash is available, that's been straight away upstreamed. 
Amyn Pirani: 
The other thing is that on the Norton side, we read some news that the latest version of the 
commando, I think, unveiled in the UK around a month back. So any update if you can give as 
to on the model launches? And when could we see those vehicles as part of the volumes and 
revenue for that entity? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Products are getting ready closer to launch, I'll give you more information, but you will see 
customers getting some products this year. 
Amyn Pirani: 
And just lastly on the Ronin, is there any indication that you can give on the -- if there is an order 
book or if there is a waiting, because I think you have not been disclosing the number separately 
on SIAM for the Ronin, any indication as to how the numbers are doing, what kind of capacity 
you're building and what kind of demand you're getting for it? 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
It is going up month-after-month and Ronin will definitely -- since you wanted the number, I'll 
tell you last month, we did about 4,000, 3,500 numbers into the market. Month-after-month you 
will see because we won't sell it through all dealers in India, and we don't want to also. We want 
to sell it through select dealers with Ronin, and this will grow month-after-month better and 
better. And it is going to be a super hit product from TVS. We are pretty confident. The initial 
feedback from the customers are extremely, extremely positive. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pramod A from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe: 
So if I could look at your consol numbers, which is there on Page 13 of the 29 pages press 
release, there seems to be a difference of almost like INR 90 crores between in the automotive 
operation for consol versus standalone… 
Moderator: 
Mr. Pramod, we request you to kindly go on the handset mode, your audio is a bit low on the 
call. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Yes. So this is with regard to your consol automotive profits, they are almost around INR 90 
crores lower than the standalone. Traditionally, they used to be INR 20 crores, INR 40 crores 
below the standalone numbers. Is there any one-off losses in our subsidiaries, which made this 
gap much wider this quarter? And what's the outlook on the same? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
I think the way we have to look at consolidated is quarter-after-quarter, are we doing better and 
better. If I look at quarter-after-quarter, we are doing better and better, overall, now we are at 
INR 494 crores, Q1 was INR 408 crores, Q2 last year was INR 369 crores. So I think the way 
we have to look at this, because all this consolidated when we look at it, these are all investments 
for the future. 
So that is the way we have to look at, because please understand whether it is some of the 
investments, whatever we have made in Norton or some of the digitals, they will take time. They 
will take time to start contributing. But the same principle of whatever we have invested in the 
past has started giving us a very good returns. So overall, the way we look at it is consolidated 
are we improving quarter-after-quarter, and in resource. So these investments, whatever we have 
done in the past, whether it is Norton or any other area, you will see going forward, with the 
sales starting and with the revenue starting, you will see quarter-after-quarter, the overall 
consolidated profits also will go up. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Sir, I partially agree with that long-term vision. We were just worried about is it a start of a new 
hole or is it a one-off, which has happened and which you'll be able to plug in immediately? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
So I said these are all investments. These investments are going to fortify in the future. Exactly 
like the other question on Ronin. You invest and build a brand, same way all this investment, 
whatever we have made, overall as a company, quarter-after-quarter, consolidated is going up, 
revenues are going up. So that is the objective. And these are future areas of investment mobility.  

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
We are putting people. We are adding technology. We are investing in R&D. The more and 
more we start realizing the sales, similar example of iQube, there is demand. So the more and 
more we are able to deliver iQube, the more and more overall consolidated will go up. So that 
is the way we have to look at it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chirag Shah from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
 
Yes. Sir, I had a question on the product and launches that you have planned last – 
Moderator: 
Mr. Chirag Shah, there is a lot of disturbance coming from your line. We request you to please 
go on the handset mode and speak. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes. Sir, just a question on product launches. The last few years, you had a wonderful run. You 
have identified the product gaps very well. So from here on, given that you have plugged in a 
good amount of white spaces, how do you look at the product gap across spectrum, be it 
motorcycles, be it scooters, in terms of price point, in terms of engine sizes, if you could 
elaborate, it would be helpful? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, this is going to evolve. For example, when we came up with Ntorq, when we came up 
Jupiter 110, at that time, Jupiter 125 was not visible. But then we found that there are set of 
customers who wants to upgrade in Jupiter itself, so that is why the Jupiter 125 came. And 
Raider, all of you know that we never had a product in the 125 cc motorcycle, now that has 
come. 
And Raider is a great product, not only for domestic market, international markets. And TVS 
Ronin, it is a completely, completely new product in the new area, and we have positioned it 
into a new category itself, and that is going to grow. So to me, I think keep constantly looking 
at the customer, customer segments and keep looking at what kind of opportunities are there and 
we are able to see the opportunities. I may not be able to give you exactly guidance which areas 
and what we are able to launch. 
But going forward, still there are gaps, there are opportunities, white spaces and TVS will 
continue to invest, because our strength is understanding the customer, customer segments and 
delivering something which is really a super hit product. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir, just a follow-up question on the previous participant, on this losses in automotive 
subsidiaries, the way the segmental is classified. Just to understand that how do you look at it, 
there has to be some benchmark that you would have beyond which the quarterly reported losses 
at EBIT level shouldn't go up. So how do you look at it? Or any further segmentation you do 
that, what kind of losses are bearable or acceptable for you for next three year perspective? And 
what kind of losses is what we are keeping a track of very closely? Because this number seems 
to have gone up from INR 60-odd crores seasonality-wise we were INR 90 crores now. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes. But please look at the revenue growth, you look at the overall EBITDA, overall way the 
PBT of the consolidated also going up. Losses, we don't look at these as losses, but these are the 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
investment. Like I said, whether it is Norton or any other company when you start, first is to get 
the product right and the revenue has to go up. That's why I gave the analogy of iQube. iQube 
development started long-long that. 
Now we have three variants of iQube. We have demand for 25,000, but there is ramp up, what 
it goes to happening and good news is that our customers who are having 25,000 who are waiting 
for this product. The moment we give revenue, every other line comes down and it directly goes 
to the bottom line.  So I think what is most important is we have to create customer delighting 
products, which we are good at, and we have to continuously make sure that we are able to 
deliver. 
The moment you start delivering it, you will see the consolidated numbers becoming better and 
better. That is exactly what we look at. But some of the investments, what we have gone into the 
future mobility areas are for the future. They will start trustify the reserves into next two quarters 
to come, next four quarters to come. That's the way we look at it. See, if we never started TVS 
US or PT TVS Indonesia or even iQube, we will not be there today. So overall, I think that is 
the strategy the company has adopted, and we are very-very conscious when we look at which 
are the investments and which are the things where we have to look at how do we grow the 
business, we look at it, definitely, we look at it. 
Chirag Shah: 
Sir, are you saying that some of the product development of TVS iQube was also sitting in this 
subsidiary? And that's why this number is looking higher. Is it the right way of looking at it? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
No. I gave only an analogy of iQube, I gave you on an analogy of only iQube. Every subsidiary 
has got their own product development, their own top line, their investments on people, 
investments on -- every elements of that. So that's separate. I gave you an analogy of iQube. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to paucity of time, that was the last question. I now hand it over to the 
management for closing comments. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Thanks to -- first of all, sorry for some interruptions and sorry for the delay from our side in 
starting the call. I think we are pretty confident that with the kind of portfolio what we have 
today, starting from Apache, Jupiter, Jupiter 125, Raider, NTORQ, Radeon, TVS King and the 
recently launched TVS Ronin and iQube. What is most important we are able to see the 
customers are extremely happy on our products. 
The semiconductor situation and thanks to the semiconductor suppliers, they are also now 
understanding and supporting us month-after-month. With these two, we are pretty confident, 
even though there are some challenges in the international market because of the economic 
conditions, we will grow ahead of the industry, both in customer retail, in Vahan share and also 
the dispatch share. 
And we are confident that as a consolidator, we will move EBITDA quarter-after-quarter and 
standalone with the operating leverage, premiumization, continued cost reductions, we will do 
better than the industry, and we will continue to delight all of our stakeholders and customers. 
Thank you. Thank you for your interest in this call. 

 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala and Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
