AN 
INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Date: November 10, 2022 
  
 
 
 
  
To, 
To 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
25" Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
| Sandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Mumbai 
- 400051 
Scrip Code: 543258 
NSE Symbol: INDIGOPNTS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
_Intimation 
under 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
& 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India 
(Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings call held with the analyst and investors on November 07, 2022 
at 16.00 hrs (IST) to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter half year ended September 30, 2022. 
The above information 
will 
also be made available on the website 
of the company 
www.indigopaints.com/investors 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
Thanking you, 
For Indigo Paints Limited 
Sujoy Sudipta Bose 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
Registered Office: INDIGO Paints Limited, Indigo Tower, Street5, Pallod Farm-2, Baner Road, Pune 
- 411045 
T: +91 20 6681 4300, Email: info@indigopaints.com, Website: www.indigopaints.com, CIN: 1241 14PN2000PLCO14669 
VAT NAC ANNAN,
SUJOY 
SUDIPTA BOSE
Digitally signed by SUJOY SUDIPTA BOSE 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=2451, 
pseudonym=b97640325dc4c0db6c69c1b1edb9cbffd34fb
13fffc2a649b18c608de50ed1c1, postalCode=411027, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=be7bf227eed7fd4ea4f78d237c80a0229c19e
89cfaabd62c797b4030cbe11f93, cn=SUJOY SUDIPTA BOSE 
Date: 2022.11.10 11:27:38 +05'30'

a INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
“Indigo Paints Limited 
Q2 FY *23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2022 
Bw INDIGO 
-.  L>.. 
Picici Securities 
MANAGEMENT: 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HEMANT JALAN — CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
Mr. T.S SURESH BABU — CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER 
MR. CHETAN HUMANE — CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. SRIHARI SANTHAKUMAR — GENERAL MANAGER 
FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS 
Mr. MANOJ MENON — ICICI SECURITIES 
Mr. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI — ICICI SECURITIES 
Page 1 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Moderator: 
Manoj Menon: 
Srihari: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indigo Paints Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the 
listen 
only mode and there 
will 
be 
an opportunity 
for you 
to 
ask questions 
after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI 
Securities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hi, everyone. It's a wonderful good morning, good afternoon, Good evening, depending on the 
part of the world you are joining this call from. 
I am representing ICICI Securities also I have 
my colleague; Aniruddha Joshi is also there with me. It's our absolute pleasure to host the 2Q 
FY '23 results conference call of Indigo Paint, the management of the company's present with 
us. Over to Srihari from Indigo for the further proceeding. 
Thanks, Manoj. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for joining the earnings call of Indigo pains 
for the quarter ended September 2022. On our call today, we have our Managing Director, Mr. 
Hemant Jalan. Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Suresh Babu; and our CFO, Mr. Chetan Humane. 
We start the proceedings with a quick brief overview of the performance of the company by 
Mr. Jalan followed with the Q&A. Over to you Mr. Jalan. 
Thank you all for joining in on our earnings call of Indigo paints for Q2 of FY '23. Now the 
Q2 quarter for the paint industry 
is what we call the monsoon quarter. 
So 
it's usually 
characterized by an inferior product mix. Now this year, this was further accentuated by 
excessive rains in many parts of India and extended monsoons across the country, which have 
adversely impacted the sales of products, especially for extenior applications. 
Despite these headwinds, Indigo Paints has clocked a higher top line growth compared to the 
rest of the industry with fast-moving profitability metrics. Now our financials for Q2 FY '23 
have been uploaded on the stock exchange portals along with our analyst presentation, and I'm 
sure you've had a chance to go through them. Now I'll just briefly summarize our financials, 
give a very brief note on future strategy and guidance and then open it up for Q&A. Now 
compared to Q2 of last year, our sales in Q2 of this year have registered a top line growth of 
23.71%. 
The gross margin this year for this Q2 has been flat compared to Q2 of last year. almost 
identical at 41.72%. Compared to Q1, the preceding quarter of this year, the gross margins 
have slightly declined from 45.2% to 41.7%. Now this is typical and usually happens during 
Q2 for most paint companies because of the inferior product mix which pervades in Q2. 
However, you will note that our gross margin percentage continues to remain ahead of the rest 
of the paint industry by a significant margin. 
Page 2 of 20

Sy! NDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
We have also, like the rest of the industry, undertaken minor price increases on some select 
products during the quarter. And now raw material prices have stabilized and some of them are 
showing signs of declining. For Q2 this year, compared to Q2 of last year, our total EBITDA 
has increased by 44.5% and the EBITDA margin has risen from 11.92%, which is what it was 
a year ago to 13.92% for Q2 of this year. 
Profit after tax has increased by a whopping 174%. And PAT margins have increased from 
6.8% in this quarter last year, to 15.1% in the Q2 of this year. Now you will note from the 
presentation that part of this huge increase in PAT is attributable to a onetime reversal of some 
excess tax provisions of INR 16.3 crores, which pertained to earlier years, for which the 
assessments got completed during this quarter, and therefore, this reversal is happening. 
Despite this reversal, even if you take away the effect of the INR 16.33 crores of contribution 
to the PAT, despite that, our PAT on an absolute amount has expanded by 53.2% compared to 
the same quarter last year. And our PAT margin has gone up from 6.8% to 8.45% during this 
quarter. Similarly, if we look at the full 6-month performance of this year, the top line sales 
have risen by 32.5% compared to the corresponding 6 months of the last fiscal. Gross margins 
have been virtually flat at 43.4%, almost the same thing as the first half of last year. EBITDA 
in this half has grown by 58.7% compared to the EBITDA of first half of last year, and the 
EBITDA margin has expanded from 12.36% last year to 14.8% in the full six months of this 
year. PAT, again, for the full six months has increased by 127%. And PAT margin has gone up 
from 7% to 12.1%. 
And once again, if you adjust for the reversal of the excess tax provision, even then the PAT 
has expanded by almost 62% and PAT margins have gone up from 7% to 8.65% during the 
full 
6 
months. Now, 
in 
line 
with 
our brand-building 
strategy, 
we 
continue 
to 
spend 
aggressively on advertising and promotion. You will note that the A&P expense for the quarter 
was down marginally by 7% compared to Q2 of last year. However, in Q1 of this year, we had 
a significant increase 
in 
the A&P spend compared 
to Q1 
of last year, 
and 
this 
entire 
phenomenon is attributable to the last year's split of IPL, which got split between April and 
September. And therefore, there was a comparatively lower outlay in the first quarter and a 
higher outlay in the second quarter. So perhaps more meaningful to look at the A&P spend for 
the full six months. which have been 13.56% higher than the corresponding six months of last 
year. 
Now, you should note that on a half yearly basis, despite the fact that we had flat gross margin, 
and slightly higher A&P spends, the EBITDA margin has expanded significantly for the six 
months from 12.36% to 14.8% reflecting the benefits kicking in from our economies of scale. 
We have also furnished the volume and value sales growth figures for each of the four major 
categories of decorative paints consistent with our past pattern of transparent disclosures as has 
happened in the last few quarters, the value growth is always higher than the volume growth, 
as a consequence of the price increase of almost 20%, which was undertaken during the last 12 
months. 
Page 3 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
During the quarter, you will note that the company has witnessed a small dip in our volumes 
for emulsion category, -4%. However, keep in mind, please, that the emulsion value growth in 
the preceding quarter was 34.4% and in the yet preceding quarter, that is Q4 of FY '22 was 
also 
a 43% volume growth. So because of some trade schemes, which closed out in June, 
maybe a small amount of the emulsion sales got shifted to the preceding quarter, which is why 
you see a marginal dip in the volume growth figures for emulsion. 
But what is heartening to note is that in the enamel space, where the company has traditionally 
been somewhat weak, we have had almost a 29% volume growth, and we are now gradually 
getting our rightful share of the pie as far as in enamel is concerned. -- which is a fairly large 
segment in the decorative paint industry. We continue to focus on our network expansion -- 
and as of 30th September, our active dealer count stands in excess of 16,750 and our tinting 
machine population stands in excess of 7,700. 
Now, in the earlier calls, we have mentioned regarding our pivot to focus on 750 larger towns 
of India, which are the Tier 1, Tier 2 towns. And we have been executing that during the last 6 
months, and I'm happy to report that we are witnessing very good results from that, and we 
expect further boost in sales from these towns in the upcoming quarters. It is the early results 
that we have derived from this initiative, which is mainly responsible in our exhibiting 
a 
slightly higher top line growth compared to the rest of the industry and we expect this to 
accelerate further in the coming quarters. To undertake the influencer outreach program in 
these 750 towns, we have doubled the resources in terms of manpower on the ground to make 
this more effective. And we continually, continue to increase our manpower base, efforts, 
energy and spends in benefitting these larger cities. 
Looking in the future, with industry-leading gross margins and the softening of raw material 
prices, which we are witnessing, we will continue our thrust to achieve higher growth through 
higher promotional activities and recalibrating the channel incentives. In terms of promotion, 
during the last quarter, the company launched 
a massive ad (advertisement) campaign in 
Kerala, 
a new ad to relaunch 
a very top-end emulsion of ours, 
starting our new brand, 
Ambassador Mr. Mohan Lal, the celluloid Superstar of Kerala backed with significant channel 
incentives. 
We have had an early Diwali this year and monsoons, which continued almost till three days or 
four days before Diwali, with all that behind us, we are hopeful that the upcoming months will 
drive the sales further. And that we, at Indigo pains will continue to positively surprise you on 
both top line and bottom line growth. 
That's all 
I have to say in terms of opening remarks and look forward to receiving your 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. Anyone, who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
Page 4 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Abneesh Roy: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press 
star and two. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Abneesh 
Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
My first question is on the demand side in Q3, sough the other players have been saying that 
this time the gap between the rainfalls ending and the festival season, this time it was quite 
short. Normally in the previous years the customer behavior is that you would like to have at 
least two 
to three weeks kind of a gap wherein the painting can be fully done, painting 
selection and all that. This time that was not possible in most regions because of the very short 
gap. And secondly, sir, last year if you remember, the sharp price hike by most of the players 
happened in Q3 and that led to preponderant of the demand pipeline filling, etcetera. In that 
context, do you see for yourself also Q3 demand being 
a bit challenging? You are more 
positive, that's why I'm asking this question. Q3 demand is it looking a bit challenging at this 
juncture? 
So Abneesh, you're right and to some extent that whenever we have an early Diwali, see by 
now I think if I look at what has happened in the last 15 years, I think we have all gotten used 
to monsoon now continuing in India till at least 15th October. 
It is called a late monsoon 
withdrawal but if it happens 15 years in a row, 
I think that has become the normal monsoon 
pattern now. Gone are the days when the monsoon would withdraw by lst September, which 
was used to be the official monsoon withdrawal date. It is now a good 45 days after that. 
Now, Diwali date shifts from year-to-year. Last year we had a more normal Diwali time. 
I 
remember it was 4th, 5th of November or something around that time. If monsoon finishes by 
15th October, you're nght, you get a good 20 days between the end of the monsoon and Diwali 
and you have bumper pre-Diwali 
sales. However, whenever you have Diwali coming 
in 
November, although you always get a great pre-Diwali sale season, it is usually followed by a 
lull in the next two three months. The rest of November and December and January gets kind 
of muted, at least as far as Northern India 1s concerned. 
My own experience is that whenever we have an early Diwali, as we had this year, when 
Diwali was, 
I think, 24th of October, and the gap between the end of the monsoon and Diwali 
was hardly four or five days. Now people are not going to start painting their house two days 
before Diwali. So at that time, the pre-Diwali sale suffers. However, once Diwali is over, this 
lost in sales that you experience pre-Diwali tends to get made up during the next two to three 
months. So a lot of this, 
it is true, October I'm sure has been a bad selling month for all the 
companies 
in the paint industry. 
I'm sure 
it will 
get made up for 
if not completely by 
December, definitely by January. Because there is a latent demand that always overhangs and 
it gets made up. 
Now what you're 
saying 
is 
right that 
last year there were huge 
price 
hikes 
that were 
undertaken, a major one that happened in early November and another fairly significant price 
Page 5 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Abneesh Roy: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
increase that happened in mid-December. So because of that there was some preponderant of 
the sales but that preponderant did not happen as getting shifted to Q2. Basically last year 
some of the November demand, especially for the larger players, because whenever there is a 
big price increase the channel tends to first put its hands on the requirement that they have for 
the larger players, which are more liquid stocks. So they would have, 
I expect, had a huge hike 
in their demand 
in October and then again 
in November and probably 
a very-very dull 
December. But overall, if you look at the quarter, 
I don't know whether it impacted it all that 
much. 
For us, of course, we would have got some benefit in that little preponderant from November 
to October. The magnitude would have been smaller. So what is going to be the result as far as 
the entire Q3 is concerned, well, the jury is still out because we have just finished the worst 
month of the quarter which is October which was heavy rainfall. Also, remember it is not just 
rainfall you lose a lot of days during the month to holidays. You first have the Dussehra which 
means the three four day holiday in most parts of North India. Then you have Diwali when 
there is three four days of holiday and in at least two states of India in the north Bihar, 
Jharkhand and parts of eastern UP you have their most major festival called Chhath, which 
falls on the 5th and the 6th day after Diwali. So all the three festivals fell in the month of 
October. So the number of working days in Northern India were of course severely impacted. 
However, Kerala did extremely well for us in the month of October. And we expect a more 
normal pattern emerging from Q3 onwards because the benefits of value price increase would 
be present in a very small respect as far as Q3 is concerned. So the overall top line growth 
numbers of the industry, which in the last few quarters have been 20%, at times even 40% 
when you had some pre-COVID impact in the preceding year, etcetera. I think all that is going 
to moderate and come down to more normal levels where you don't have that pricing tailwind 
behind you for most of the quarter. 
So let's see, I'm quite hopeful that November and December we'll see a huge upsurge in sales 
to make up for the slightly weak October which the industry has experienced. So let's see what 
the future unfolds. It's very difficult to put a number guidance on that. 
Sure sir, thanks. One follow up on the demand side, you mentioned October month has been 
good 
for Kerala. 
So 
is 
it because 
of the focused marketing campaign with the brand 
ambassador? And in Q2 also, was Kerala growth better than the overall 23% growth? Even 
Kerala last two years in terms of base quarter, there has been one challenge or the other 
because of the COVID or because of the high rainfall, etcetera. In Q2, how was the Kerala 
growth? 
Kerala growth was extremely good. It was fairly good, in fact more than the rest of the country 
per se. Part of it can be attnbuted to this new campaign that we have launched, although that 
campaign was launched only from 15 September, so it would have had a marginal effect as far 
as the entire quarter is concerned. The other thing you have to note is that Diwali is not really a 
festival that is celebrated in Kerala. 
Page 6 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Abneesh Roy: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Moderator: 
Management: 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
And rainfall activities in Kerala during the months of September were not anything unusual 
whereas you must have read in the newspapers in the just the neighboring states like Karnataka 
it has been just deluged with rains all through September and in fact all through October and 
the similar has been the story in most states in northern India. So fortunately for us Kerala was 
a little more normal kind of a monsoon pattern nothing very excessive no flooding or water 
logging or anything like that coupled with of course a new campaign and good execution 
I 
mean Kerala for us has been doing very well in the last three four quarters successively so after 
COVID-2 was over in May of last year, 
I think from July onwards of 2021, Kerala has done 
extremely well for us. 
Sure, sir, last question is on the industry leader coming out with backward integration plans of 
VAE, VAM and white cement their claim is this will help them in terms of unique products 
and reduce import dependency. Now first time a paid company in India is doing this kind of a 
thing. So wanted to understand, does this put the smaller paint companies in some kind of an 
advantage from a longer-term perspective? 
No, 
I don't think it does. 
I think there is abundant supply of all kinds of emulsions, including 
the emulsions in India. We have not been using that very much in the last few years. We have 
used that in the past. At the moment, we don't use VAE emulsions because we don't find them 
very cost effective, but they're abundantly available. And the same goes as far as white cement 
is concerned. So what the industry leader has to do, they are in a different scale of operation 
and compared to us, so they can probably answer better as to what advantages they will get, 
but you ask me as to whether we feel, we will be at any disadvantage, the answer is no. 
Today, we don't make any of our emulsions in-house and not just the market leader, but many 
of the larger players choose to make most of their emulsions in-house. And you still note that 
our gross margin is much-much higher than any of those companies. So 
I don't think that we 
suffer from any cost disadvantage by not making those products in-house. 
It's a different 
philosophy and it's a different scale of operations. So what is good for them is not necessarily 
good for us and vice versa. 
Thank you. Anyone who wish to ask a question at this time, they may please press star and 
one. Our next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
What should we expect in terms of gross margin recovery in the third quarter and fourth 
quarter based on raw materials like is the current level and 
Sir, you are not audible. Can you use the handset, please? 
I can hear you, Jay, you were asking about gross margin recovery in Q3 and Q4. 
And EBITDA margin as well? 
Page 7 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Management: 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Management: 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
And EBITDA margin. Normally, for us, both in terms of top line sales and in terms of bottom 
line, historically, Ql has been the weakest quarter. Q2 
is a little better overall in top line, 
although EBITDA margins and gross margins are under some stress in Q2 because of the 
deteriorating product mix during the monsoons. 
Both these numbers are much better in Q3 and the highest in Q4. So that has something to do 
with the product mix. This time, we have two tailwinds supporting us. One is the product mix, 
which changes in Q3, more exterior painting starts, many of our specialty products, especially 
our differentiated products, their sales mainly happens in Q3 and Q4 and they tend to push up 
both the gross margins and the EBITDA margins, even in terms of top line, the total sales are 
normally much higher in Q3 compared to Q2, and Q4 sales for us are the highest. 
So the EBITDA margins are also always much, much higher in Q3 and Q4 because the same 
standard expenses that overhead, the advertising and all the other expense get amortized or not 
much, much larger top line. So I think you should see a good recovery in both the gross margin 
and the EBITDA margins in Q3. And you will see a further improvement in Q4 in mainly 
because of top line growth and improving product mix. 
I won't give 
a specific number 
guidance as to by how much you expect it to increase -- but 
I think there will be 
a very 
noticeable increase in both the parameters that you asked about. 
But reasonable to assume that given seasonality sequential increase in gross margin for Indigo 
paints should be better than rest of the industry? 
Whether it will be better than the rest of the industry or not, 
I really -- I'm not privy to them, 
but I'm looking at our own gross margins. if you look at it last year, gross margin in Q2 was 
413 
and for Q3, it was 42.89%. Yes, it went up by about 1.5 to 2 percentage points. It went 
up further in Q4 -- so roughly in the range of 1.5% to 2% increase in gross margin sequentially 
into Q3 and further into Q4. 
This year, there are some at the moment, at least softening raw material prices, which should 
help it a little further. And the same thing goes for EBITDA margins. EBITDA margins last 
year also rose very sharply from Q2 to Q3 by more than 2.5 percentage points and a further 
increase of 4 percentage points in Q4. So something along those lines ought to happen. I can't 
give you a very precise number of predictions as to how it will happen, but that is the normal 
pattern that we experience every year between Q1, Q2, Q3 and Q4. 
Understood. This is helpful. And do you expect further price increases by the industry or do 
you think that pricing is more or less stabilized? 
I would be somewhat surprised if the industry leaders went for a further price increase. 
I really 
don't see the need for 
it, especially because some of the raw material prices have started 
softening. So 
I don't expect either a price increase or a price decrease at this point in time. 
I 
think the prices should be pretty much stable until the end of the year as far as our selling 
prices are concerned. 
Page 8 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Management: 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Management: 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Depending on the amount by which raw material prices soften, 
I expect to see an increased 
aggressiveness on the part of everyone in terms of trade discounts, and that is normally what 
happens when raw materials soften within a limited range. And that is already evident in the 
last one or two months on the ground. And we are also following suit, and I think we'll be able 
to match the far part of others in terms of being aggressive in trade discounts. But 
I don't 
expect any price increase in any significant manner over the next four, five months. 
Was there an element of higher trade discounts in September quarter or that is something that 
you expect in December quarter? 
No, I think that price discounts will be aggressive in the December quarter also because people 
-- everyone would have a little more margin to play around with -- and the earlier tailwinds of 
the price increase that drove your top line growth up much faster, those are not going to be 
very much in the play. -- and the fact that people would have had a relatively poor October 
month, 
I would expect trade discounts 
to 
be 
a 
little more aggressive 
in November and 
December. But -- that's normally what happens. So it's okay. 
It affects everyone in the same 
way. 
Final bookkeeping, dealer and tinting machine additions dissimulated a little bit in 2Q versus 
1Q, while you were focusing more on the larger towns. So -- is this just a quarterly sort of 
anomaly or 
I didn't understand the question. Can you repeat that, Jay, your voice is a 
little unclear. What 
are you asking about multi-machine accounting? 
tinting machine count in 2Q number drop versus 1Q. 
Always, it is a little difficult to do that in Q2 because of monsoons, when we are listing not our 
total dealers, we're always listing active dealers. So during monsoon time, many dealers are not 
purchasing on a regular basis. So even though you add dealers, there are some dealers who 
have not done much purchasing in the months of July, August, September, 
et cetera. And 
therefore, they drop out from the count of active dealers. 
So you add some and you lose some in the active count. So this is merely a count of our active 
dealers. It is by no stretch of imagination on account of our total dealer population. 
-- which 
would probably be in excess of 25,000. But there is a certain way in which we quantify as to 
the regularity of purchase and determine whether somebody has been an active dealer or not. 
And tinting machine, yes, there is usually no, but even in Q1, we added about 300 tinting 
machines. 
We have added more or less the same, maybe 281 machines in Q2-- so give or take, we are 
averaging something like 100 tinting machines a month. So about 300 per quarter. In some 
quarters, we are lucky. It adds a 
little faster. In some quarters, it's marginally slower. Normally, 
monsoon time when sentiment amongst the dealer counters is generally at its lowest ebb. It's 
Page 9 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Moderator: 
Manoj Menon: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
normally the worst time to try and push them to add a tinting machine they get a 
little more 
gung ho when Q3 and Q4 comes when their sales at the counters are much better, and they are 
ina better frame of mind to accept 
a tinting machine. So that's pretty normal, but I don't think 
there has been any significant drop seasonally in terms of dealer addition or tinting machine 
addition. Those are pretty much going on at the right pace. Of course, we'd like it to happen at 
a faster pace, but that's always true. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, 
I got a couple of questions. One, before the question, actually good performance by your 
company in the context of the demand, which you otherwise see. So the question is anything 
on the general demand trends which you're observing particularly in the larger market you 
have. The reason I'm asking is because over the last 12, 24 months, we have clearly seen a 
significant divergence between discretionary and the non-discretionary part of it, whereas the 
discretionary urban top end part of it has largely performed very well. 
And even the discretionary within staples actually have somewhat performed in, etcetera. Now 
of late, we kind of started hearing from, let's say, a restaurant company or a footwear company, 
etcetera, that there 
is some softness which they are actually finding. 
I just wanted your 
perspective on you have topped on comments on demand conditions based on anything which 
\ 
. 
you're observing? 
No, we don't notice anything significant changing in the demand conditions and it's very 
difficult to extrapolate from what you hear about restaurants or other consumer products to 
paints. Many of the other sectors witnessed a huge demand slowdown during COVID and 
immediately after COVID, whereas the paint sector, if you recall, remains fairly resilient all 
through the last two years of the COVID pandemic. Of course, there were lockdown months 
when everything was shut down and you couldn't do anything about it. But it used to bounce 
back very fast when the long downs were lifted, which is why the paint industry has done 
fairly well during the pandemic. 
And we don't notice anything adverse happening on a broader spectrum. Month to month, yes, 
I mean, weather patterns affect us much more than any other industry, especially rainfall -- 
because obviously, you don't start painting a house when it is raining cats and dogs outside. So 
monsoon patterns, some changes in festivity, some shifting of certain festivals from one month 
to the other month may make some difference when you're comparing a Y-on-Y monthly sale. 
But overall, 
I don't find anything very different, either on the positive or the negative side. 
I 
think it's pretty much demand as usual. 
I was hearing the commentary of some of the larger 
players whose results have come out and they said that in the last quarter, maybe the smaller 
towns have done slightly better than the larger towns. 
Page 10 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Manoj Menon: 
Management: 
Manoj Menon: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
The commentary was quite the opposite in the previous quarter when larger cities apparently 
performed much better than smaller towers. We, of course, are not -- our presence in the larger 
towns, as you are aware, has been slightly weak compared to the others, and that is something 
that we are trying to correct. But during the quarter went by -- we didn't find anything unusual 
about the larger cities or the smaller towns as far as demand 1s concerned. 
Understood, sir. And one question on the putty business -- now given that you are the only the 
paint company at least till now who actually owns the asset, so just trying to understand what 
are the typical economic value add or ROC on a 
steady-state basis for a product like this, 
which actually generate? 
On putty? 
Yes. 
See the reason we have decided to make putty ourselves and have always made all our putty 
ourselves is because of the location of our plant. We have a large manufacturing location at 
Jodhpur. Now that is the prime place as far as manufacturer of putty is concerned. Two basic 
raw materials are required for putty in large quantities. One is white cement, now the only two 
manufacturers of white cement are both located within a 50, 60 kilometer of Jodhpur. That is 
both Birla and JK White. The other raw material is dolomite. Now the best quality dolomite in 
the country and at a cheap price comes from Rajasthan. You have some other deposits in the 
Katni, Satna area of Madhya Pradesh but the quality of the whiteness of the deposit is as not as 
good as what you will find in Rajasthan. 
Now when we are ideally located in terms of manufacturing, with all the best raw materials 
coming from less than 100-kilometer radius, 
it didn't make any sense 
to outsource that 
manufacturing 
to 
somebody 
else. 
Other 
people, 
other 
paint 
players 
don't 
have 
any 
manufacturing facility in Rajasthan. So when they are located somewhere else, they may find 
it more cost effective to outsource it to someone else. And some of them outsource not just 
putty they outsource a whole lot of other decorative paints to job workers. We have chosen not 
to do that. 
Our cost structures at our manufacturing locations are fairly lean and thin. And I think we are 
able to manufacture it as effectively as any job worker would or perhaps more effectively than 
them. We have a much better control on quality -- and any job worker is obviously going to 
take some profit margin for whatever is doing. 
So having all those advantages, I would presume and I don't have access to internal numbers of 
other paint companies 
I would assume that the gross margin contribution that we get from 
putty is perhaps or should be better than what other paint companies realized by outsourcing it 
and margins in any case for putty are very low. But to measure RoCE separately for different 
product lines is a little difficult, and that's not the way in which we look at it. 
I mean if you 
Page 11 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Manoj Menon: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
look at it very objectively, with a very low margin that putty gives theoretically, it may make 
sense not for any paint manufacturer to ever offer any putty in the market. 
But that's not how you can play the game, you cannot pick and choose and say that I will not 
manufacture this product because it gives a low return. And I will only manufacture products 
that give a high gross margin. 
I mean you either go all in or don't go in at all. So there are 
various products, for example, take enamels. Now enamels is usually sold by all companies in 
30, 40 shades they usually sold at the same price for all the shares or marginally different 
price. But if you go on a shade-wise analysis, there are some shades, which give almost a 0 
margin and some shades that give a much higher margin. 
Now you can't pick and choose and say, I will not sell these shades and I will sell that shades. 
And the same applies to putty that it's an integral part of decorative paints. It's the first item 
that gets used in the house and therefore, for a strategic purpose, it is important to offer putty. 
And even though its margin contribution may be lower, 
I think all paint companies choose to 
engage in that product. 
And for us, it's -- we are a little more comfortable than others perhaps, as 
I said, with a caveat 
that 
I don't know their internal figures. But because we manufacture it in-house and we are 
manufacturing 
it 
at the 
best possible 
logistical 
location, 
we ought 
to 
be 
a 
little more 
comfortable than others as far as that is concerned. One of the reasons why you see our overall 
gross margin much higher than the rest of the industry. 
This may be one 
of the small 
contributing factors towards that. 
And just one update. I don't know if I missed that in your commentary earlier, an update on the 
Pudukkottai expansion. 
Yes. So the Pudukkottai expansion is now in its very, very final stages. The erection of the 
machinery have also all been practically done. Now we are at the last stage of doing the 
interconnecting pipelines and the electrical cabling and the instrumentation cabling. We were 
hopeful earlier that we will start our production sometime in December. 
Although we still press our people on the ground to do that, and I hope they are not listening in 
on the call, but deep down in my heart, 
I know that, that will probably not happen and will 
spill over to January. But we are trying to maintain the pressure to commission the plant or at 
least start some trial production in December. Although between you and me, 
I think it's more 
likely in January. It's a large plant, a very automated plant. It will take some time to stabilize. 
So it's not that we'll press the button on one day in January and the full production will roll out. 
But at the same time, 
it is something that is not at all a concern because we have adequate 
capacity to meet the demand for the next 8, 9 months. So even if the plant commissioning or 
the stabilization of the plant once we commission it goes by a few weeks here and there, -- we 
are really not dependent on the capacity to meet the demand in the forthcoming quarters at all. 
Page 12 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Manoj Menon: 
Management: 
Manoj Menon: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Sir, one follow-up here. At the full capacity utilization for the Pudukkottai Phase 
1 which 
you're having now would expand your like-to-like capacity by what percentage from today ? 
That's very difficult to answer because capacity in the paint industry is a very nebulous term. It 
depends upon your product mix. The same equipment can be used to manufacture a variety of 
different pain products. And depending upon what product mix you choose, the effective 
capacity changes. So that's fairly difficult question to answer. But in terms of water-based 
paints per se, and that is what the new plant is coming for, the existing water-based plants that 
we have, both at Jodhpur and Cochin, the combined existing capacity that we have is about the 
capacity that we are adding at Pudukkottai. So in terms of water-based space, 
I think it will 
double our existing capacity, and it should take us very comfortably for the next couple of 
years. 
Sir, one clarification. Some of your colleagues are very much there in the call. 
Yes, 
I hope people at Pudukkottai are not on the call because we are exerting pressure on them 
to start by 15 December. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
So my question is on your expansion strategy. All this while we have expanded by going into 
Tier 3, Tier 4 towns, logic at that time was that it's very difficult for a small player to really 
expand into the larger towns. And therefore, we are expanding via the small town route. Now 
you're saying that you want to shift focus a 
little bit and expand even in the Tier 
1, Tier 2 
cities. So what gives us the confidence that basically we will be able to do that now because 
still as a percentage of the decorative industry, our market share is still maybe around 2%. So 
fairly small market share. 
I understand in states like Kerala would be higher. But then in some 
of the states, it would be even lower than 2%. So just wanted some thoughts on this as to your 
pivot... 
So the difficulty in tracking big cities has got less to do with your size or market share. It has 
more to do with your brand equity. So the reason that we have always given why we initially 
focused on going to the smaller towns is that when we were a small company, we could not 
afford advertising in those days. For the first 12, 13 years of our existence, we have not spent 
anything on advertising because it was not possible, we didn't come from pedigree background 
where we had a huge amount of money in our pockets to burn in advertising. 
And therefore, we had no other options at that stage. For the last 10 years, we have invested 
very heavily into advertising. And you are aware of the fact that our A&P spends are almost 
three times what the industry average is in terms of percentage of top line. Even in absolute 
amounts, the amount that we spent in the last three, four years has been much, much higher 
than a few of the larger players who are much larger than us in size. And we have been blessed 
to have a great brand ambassador in Mr. MS. Dhoni, who's been with us for now 4-5 years. 
Page 13 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Percy Panthaki: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
So with that amount of ad spending that we have consistently done over the last 10 years, the 
last four, five years being with the help of Mr. Dhoni and his image 
I think that the brand 
equity that we have built across the country is very strong. Now when you build a brand and 
invest in advertising, that advertising is seen by people not just in small towns, they are seen as 
much by people 
in big cities. And along with television advertising, we have also been 
investing a lot in online mediums. So today, the brand equity and the awareness of the brand is 
very, very strong in all genre of cities in India. And therefore, we felt that it was the right time 
to now attack the larger cities and as we go into those cities, there is no problem about brand 
awareness. 
Everyone is well aware of the brand and some dealers even asked where were you in the last 
four or five years, why didn't you come earlier? So now it is just a question of building the 
network there, engaging with the influencer community in these bigger cities, which 
is 
marginally different from the way in which you engage with influencers in the smaller towns. 
And that is why we have put a lot of feet on the ground to do that, and we are beginning to see 
the results and the effect of that result in no small measure is the cause for the slightly higher 
top line growth that you see in this quarter. 
And we have been saying for the last two quarters that magic will not happen in three months. 
It will happen gradually over a slightly longer period of time. And hopefully, this breaking out 
of the pack in terms of top line growth percentage will only accelerate in the coming quarters. 
That's what we hope for and that's what we strive for. 
Right, sir. One observation is that while you've sort of said that, okay, 
I have started with small 
towns and how I am also focusing on large towns. The large players are doing the opposite. 
I 
mean they were more stronger in the large towns but in the last two, three years and even 
going ahead, 
I think the larger players are focusing more on the small towns in order to get 
growth. Do you think that's some kind of risk or threat to your existing sort of core cost... 
It is a misnomer that the larger players are only now looking at the smaller towns. I think they 
have been represented in the smaller towns very well for the last 50 years. If you talk of the 
existing four large players in the industry who are the so-called organized sector before we 
came in, they have all been around for more than 75 years in the country, some for 100 years. 
So don't please think that there is any comer of India that was ignored by them. The Tier 3 and 
Tier 4 towns to the best of mine knowledge also accounts for almost 50% of their sales in 
terms of value or something close to it. 
So 
I don't think that any of the larger players have ignored or neglected the smaller towns in 
the past. -- if they have some vacant gaps here and there that they try to fill up when that's an 
ongoing process that will continue for the next 100 years for all companies that are there in the 
space. So 
I don't think that there is any increased aggression or any lack of penetration of the 
smaller towns by any of those players. They have been present everywhere, and they have 
been present as much in the larger cities 
Page 14 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Percy Panthaki: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Prashant Kutty: 
Management: 
Prashant Kutty: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
For us, the ratio has been different. A much smaller portion of our sales came from the larger 
cities, because we had chosen to remain away from it by choice earlier months. And now we 
are focusing them and we hope that in a year or two, our proportion of sales coming from the 
larger cities versus the small towns will become the same as any other paid company, large or 
small in India. 
Understood, sir. And finally, if you can give some idea on what is the difference in margins or 
economics of the large towns and why they are -- I mean, if at all, they are more attractive than 
small towns for any paint player? 
No, I don't think that there is any difference in margin or spend or expenditures or discounts or 
anything like that. And I sincerely doubt whether the larger towns are more attractive or less 
attractive than the smaller towns for any player. 
I think everyone has to have the equal focus 
on both, because both contribute almost the same to your overall sales value. Today, when we 
focus on the larger cities, by no stretch of imagination, do we start ignoring the small towns 
because that is the bulk of the sales that we do. 
It's just that you have to penetrate the larger cities ina slightly different manner. The difference 
that comes 1s the nature of the influencer. In a smaller town, the influencer 1s an individual 
painter, in the larger cities, the influencer is usually a painting contractor who has 20, 30 
painters employed under. And therefore, the manner in which you have to reach out or the 
category of people that you have to reach out too, who influence the choice of brand is slightly 
different in a big city versus a small town. That's all that there is. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kutty from Sundaram mutual fund. 
Please go ahead. 
So firstly, just a data point. 
I do not know if you just highlighted that not. What is the share of 
differentiated products as of now that we're having? Or have you stopped sharing the data? 
No. We shared that at the end of every year. Please go back to our commentary two quarters 
ago when the year ended. 
I think it was almost 30%. It was 29.6% at the end of FY '22. The 
reason we don't share that on a quarter-by-quarter basis is that these products by themselves 
have a pronounced seasonality. And therefore, these numbers will go up and down in quarter- 
by-quarter depending upon, which products we are talking about. And therefore, at the end of 
every year, we share that, and we have shared the numbers of what these percentages were at 
the end of each fiscal for the last four or five years. So you will notice that they have generally 
risen by 0.5 to 
1 percentage point year-on-year. And I promise you we will share this number 
when this financial year is over. 
Sir, just the first question is more so on the dealer numbers. So we're obviously seeing the 
number increasing by about 15% to 20% for the last couple of years now, like you said that 
you're probably wanting to enter into the Tier 
1 market, let's say, more penetrated markets. So 
going forward, should one assume that the revenue per dealer or the throughput per dealer -- 
Page 15 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Management: 
Prashant Kutty: 
Management: 
Prashant Kutty: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
would that be a bigger variant to look at? Or should the number still be considered to be a 
bigger number going forward... . 
You're very perceptive and that is going to be the nght way to look at it as we enter the larger 
cities. Because in the larger cities, the potential of a dealer is usually two to three times 
the 
potential of a dealer in a smaller town. And therefore, if you add one dealer in a Tier 3, Tier 4 
town versus adding one dealer in the Tier 1, Tier 2 town, on average, you can expect a much, 
much higher, almost three times the throughput per dealer in a large city versus a small town. 
And therefore, as we add more and more dealers in the larger cities and as more and more 
tinting machines get populated in these larger cities, then the throughput per dealer would 
jump up very fast. 
So safe to assume that you'll have to look at more revenue per dealer number to be growing 
here on forward rather than actually the actual dealer numbers increasing? 
As an internal metric, we look at both. You have to look at both. And ultimately, what you 
look at is none of this, you look at the overall top line and the overall bottom line. All of these 
are determinants to that. And that is the ultimate objective to get higher top line growth and 
higher bottom line growth. Number of dealers is one measure, number of tintting machines, 
one measure, throughput per dealer is one measured throughput but tinting machine is another 
measure. And 
there 
are many 
other 
metrics 
that 
we 
internally monitor which 
are 
all 
determinants to the final goal. 
Sir, just another question is with regard to the fact that you are again entering into larger towns 
-- and one is, is that product are completely done to probably be present as the larger towns of 
concern or probably be accepted the dealers over here accepting Indigo as a brand in the larger 
town. And a follow-up to that is that 
-- would it also entail a higher incentive structure to those 
dealers because we are entering or we feel that now we are a well-known brand and do not 
have to have a very differentiated in the structure as compared to... 
I don't think the incentive structure is any different from a small town or a large city. So we 
have not faced any disparity as far as that is concerned. In terms of acceptance, if you go to 
any new geography, but for example, there were some states that we have entered fairly 
recently, take Himachal Pradesh. We have kind of established a depot there just about seven, 
eight months ago. Now we have not been marketing there. Now there, whether you go to a 
small town or you go to a large city, everyone has heard of the brand, but you still have to 
overcome that initial inertia of a dealer getting familiar with you starting limited business with 
you and then slowly, 
slowly developing confidence 
in your service, 
in your accounting 
practices and your product quality and then gradually ramping it up. 
We entered Jammu and Kashmir at 1.5 years ago. We faced the same problem there six, seven 
months ago, we have set up a separate depot Delhi, now Delhi is completely a very, very large 
city as a metro. So you go through the same process. So the process is the same, whether you 
Page 16 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Prashant Kutty: 
Management: 
Prashant Kutty: 
Management: 
Prashant Kutty: 
Moderator: 
Hardik Doshi: 
Management: 
Hardik Doshi: 
Management: 
Hardik Doshi: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
enter a new small town or whether you enter a large city, there will be -- nothing will happen 
overnight. You will have to talk to the dealers. Dealers are obviously dealing in some of the 
products because you were not present, they will start buying some of your products and 
gradually scale it up. And that is agnostic of the size of the city. But I don't think the incentive 
structure changes at all from a large town to a small town. 
And one last question, sir, if I may. You typically have always shared that Kerala has been a 
very strong market for us, and it has been growing very well for us, and we are penetrating into 
the next the next larger cities as well. Any data in terms of how the next seven cities or maybe 
the next 10 towns are there would actually be helpful if you can help us on that? 
Towns or state, Kerala 1s a state. 
Yes. So like I said, in the next 10 states or the next 5 states... 
I mean none of them are closed in terms of the contribution of Kerala, but we have a fairly 
large presence in UP, in Bengal, in Assam, 
in Bihar, Jharkand, Chattisgarh growing fast in 
places like Andhra, MP, Gujarat is doing well. So there are a whole lot of states very difficult 
to predict. 
I mean they all allow the same level of sales. So you might say there are about 
seven, eight, 10 states that compete for the number two slot. And they're all doing well, which 
one will break out faster than the others to start giving a disproportionate share of our revenue 
is something that I can't predict. But they're all going well..... 
Thank you very much and all the very best to you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Doshi from White Whale PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Thank you for taking my question. You mentioned that firstly it's good to see you growing 
faster than the industry leader and also the overall industry after several quarters. 
I am sorry, can you speak a little louder? I am not able to follow your question. 
Okay. So I wanted to just ask in terms of you finally are growing faster than the industry leader 
after several quarters and you said that it is because of the focus on the increasing presence in 
the Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. Can you break up what percentage of your revenues is from Tier 1, 
Tier 2 cities this quarter versus last quarter and the same quarter last year? 
We have that numbers, but I'm not sure, if I want to disclose that publicly at this open forum. 
But all 
I can say is that the growth percentage that we're experiencing in the bigger cities is 
much higher than the growth percentage in the smaller towns. But I'm afraid it will be a 
little 
difficult for me to share the granular numbers with you. 
Okay. Yes, I mean I appreciate you do disclose a lot more than most of the competitors. 
Page 17 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Management: 
Hardik Doshi: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
But I can't disclose everything. I'm sorry. 
No, 
I understand that. But since this is a key focus area for the company, it would be good for 
us to kind of at least see how you're getting the traction and how it works. So maybe if you can 
consider that. Just secondly, 
I wanted to ask, so now, 
I mean, can you maybe elaborate a bit 
more in terms of this Tier 1, Tier 2 cities, right? I mean, 
I understand what you replied to one 
of the participants, basically saying that the brand name was already there and it was just about 
focusing on the influencers. Any metrics you can share in terms of the dealers that you're 
reaching out to or influencers, what are the campaigns? 
I mean, just some more color to help 
us understand how much of acceleration we can expect going forward and what will be the 
drivers and KPIs around it? 
As we have mentioned, see what happens is that the influencer in a small town is an individual 
painter usually. So all along our paint cans had a token for the painter in terms of financial 
gratification and 
it is nothing unusual that we do. All paint companies do the same thing. 
Along with that you conduct regular painter meetings where you call 
a group of painters 
loosely associated with a paint counter and you do some demonstration and comparison of 
your paint versus a competitor's paint usually by means of a blind test so that you know they 
get convinced about the superiority of your quality. So these are two things that we have been 
doing religiously for the last 20 years in the smaller towns with individual painters. 
Now when you start doing the same work in a bigger city, there the influencer as 
I said is a 
painting contractor, who employs 20-30 painters. Now the painter token that is there in the can 
is pocketed by those employees, the junior painters. You need 
a separate incentivization 
program for the contractor. So from April this year we started putting a separate token as a 
financial incentive for the contractor. Again, nothing unusual. It is what other companies have 
been doing. We had not been doing that till March of 2022. And we've created an online app 
by which both the painters and the contractors can scan their respective tokens and redeem 
those tokens for cash or whatever they want. So that has been operational. 
Now, when you go to a big city, 
it is not simply having a meeting with the contractors to 
convince them on the quality which used to be sufficient with the painters in smaller towns. 
Here even after you have demonstrated your quality by means of a blind test comparison with 
some competitor, even if the contractor is convinced, people in big cities, the ultimate house 
owner 1s usually a little more brand sensitive than a consumer in a small town and therefore the 
contractor needs your help in going and visiting the project site doing some sampling and 
convincing the house owner about switching over from some preconceived brand that he had 
in mind to Indigo paints. 
So there is a lot more on ground activity that you have to engage in in these bigger cities to 
crack a site, and for that you need a separate team of people who will not only conduct these 
meetings with the contractors but they have the time and the energy to visit the project sites 
that the contractor takes them to, do some sampling of the sites, talk to the homeowner and 
Page 18 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Moderator: 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Management: 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Management: 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Management: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
help the contractor convert that site to some other brand to Indigo. 
So that is the difference in 
color about the activity that you have to do. 
Now a prerequisite to all of this is already a good brand equity. If you don't have that brand 
equity established and you're trying to visit a homeowner site and convince him of a brand that 
he has never heard of then the likelihood of conversion is exceedingly low and that is what is 
different from a small town versus 
a big city. 
In big cities people are a little more brand 
conscious and therefore having a good brand equity which has been being built over a long 
period of time becomes of paramount importance to break into these cities. 
The dealer is not the main influencer. So therefore, you have to work on different parameters 
in a bigger city if you want to make a success of it. And it is that activity that we have been 
indulging in very aggressively for the last six, seven months and continue to expand the scope 
of this in the coming months. And that is what gives us the confidence that we will reach the 
rightful share that we want in terms of market share in the larger cities as what we have in the 
smaller towns. 
Thank you. 
I think the next question is the last question from the line of Pathanjali Srinivasan 
from Mirabilis Investment Trust. Please go ahead. 
Just notice that I think sometime in April we told that we focus more on Tier 2 cities. So we've 
added about 700 tinting machines in the last six months. So could you see roughly if around 
two-thirds or more of the machines we've added is more in the Tier 2 and Tier 1 cities? 
Pardon? What was the question? 
So we've added around 700 tinting machines in the last six months in our distribution chain. Is 
more than two-thirds of it is being added in Tier 1 and Tier 2? 
I don't have that exact figure available with me. Maybe if you reach out to our people in the 
next few days, 
I'll have to ferret out that information and give 
it. But 
I doubt that number 
would be as high as two-thirds. But previously the number of tinting machines that we had in 
the Tier 1, Tier 2 cities were very-very low. And we are seeing a very significant uptick in that. 
So therefore the number of tinting machines being installed now are much higher percentage 
than earlier is going into the Tier 1, Tier 2 towns, that is correct. But I doubt if two thirds of 
them would be the Tier 1, Tier 2 towns. But I don't have the exact number in front of me, nght 
now to be able to accurately answer that question. 
Sir and institutional business have we been able to get anything like off-late, what 
is the 
environment like in that? 
No we are not we do not pursue institutional sales as a matter of choice that is we do not sell 
directly to builders or the government or any large institution like that. If there are inquiries 
Page 19 of 20

iy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Moderator: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
from any institution, it is always rooted through one of our significant dealers in that place and 
we have chosen to stay away from institutional business as of now. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. 
I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
Well, thank you all for a very engaging session that we have had. 
I hope I've been able to 
answer most of the questions that you've had. We're glad to see that in the last few quarters 
when we were almost in the same bandwidth of growth in top line compared to the rest of the 
industry we seem to be breaking out. And the bottom line growth is what gives us more cause 
for cheer that the bottom line growth is significantly more maybe by a factor of two in terms of 
percentage terms from the rest of the industry. I sincerely hope that we will be able to not only 
sustain this pattern, but also accelerate upon it. And look forward to interacting with you again 
at the end of next quarter. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes 
today's call. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 20 of 20
