IFll Industries Ltmited
Corporate Oflice
T
Plot No.-IND-S, Sector-1
East Kolkata Township, Kolkata - 7OO 107
Telephone : (91) (33) 3984947519524
Fax: (91) (33) 39849676
Web : www.ifbindustries.conr
10tr' November,2022
The Manager
Department of Corporate Services
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd,
Phiroze jeej eebhoy Towers
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001
The Manager
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No-C/1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai -400051
The Secretary
l'he Calcutta Stock Exchange Association Ltd.
7 Lyons Range
Kolkata-700001
Dear Sir,
sub: 'i'ranscript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 30, zl22pursuant to
Itegulation 30 of the SEBI (I-isting obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015.
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended September 30,2022 for
your information and records.
'I'he above inlormation is also available on the website of the company at www.ifbinclustries.com
Yours faithfully
For IFB Industrics Ltd.
G Ray Chowdhury
Company Secretary
Registered office : 14, Taratolla Road, Kolkata - 700 088, lndia. Tet : (91) (33) 304g 9299/9218, Fax : (91) (33) 24}1457gt:to48g23o
E-mail : repty@ifbgtobat.com, CtN : L51 1 09WBl 974pLCO2g63Z
GOUTAM 
RAYCHOWDH
URY
Digitally signed by GOUTAM RAYCHOWDHURY 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=9adba4ae397edaeab736a63e77c5d9d63
e4aa40a4ad0813b42af23a44ccfd01a, 
postalCode=700094, st=WEST BENGAL, 
serialNumber=059745007738a074a634e635ba7d
b7518c0224ea05901cfc9e17b245f30a32b6, 
cn=GOUTAM RAYCHOWDHURY 
Date: 2022.11.10 17:47:00 +05'30'

rffIl
l*{*r,5{s"i*ri l- i$: it*qi
"IFB Industries Limited
Q2 FY '23 Earnings Conference CaIl"
November 07 ,2022
xwn
\, 
Nl$e441" $ANG
cHon
L
?r"rd*:rgri*l; i-i *'*iisrr.{
MaNacnMENT: MR. Prunrn cnarrnRJnn - DIRECTOR AND curnr
FrNar'qcrar, OrrrcER - IFB INnUSTRIES Lrvrrrnn
Mn. RarsrlalmAR Rty - MaNacrNc DrRncroR AND
Crlrnl'Exrcurrvn OTTICER - Hovrn Appr,rANCE
BusrNrss - IFB lNDusrRrr:s Lnvrrrnu
MR. Anup D,q.s - Hnnn or MnnxnrING, ENcINnnRING
DrvrsroN - IFB lNuusrRrns Lrivrrrnn
Mn. ANaNn Rnnuy - Curnr Exncurrvn Onrlcrcn (
Moron Drvrsron) - IFB Iuuusrnrns Lrvrrrnu
MonnnaroR: Mn. PRasnnnr, GnNunr - NrnvrAr, BANG Equrrms
PRrvalr Lriurrnn
Page I of15

TSH
lndr*:itri** {".iynit*ql
Moderator
Prasheel Gandhi:
Prabir Chatterjee:
Moderator
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call for
IFB Industries Limited, hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited. As a reminder, all
participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask
questions, after thc presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conferencc
call, plcase signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note
that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the confclencc over to Prasheel Gandhi frorn Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited
'fhank you, and ovel to you, sir.
Thank you, Lizann, and good afternoon, everyone. Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited
welcome you ail to 2Q FY '23 Eamings Conference Call for IFB Industries. From the
management team, we have Mr. Prabir Chatterjee, Director and CFO; Mr. Rajshankar Ray, MD
and CEO, Home Appliance Business; and Mr. Arup Das, Ilead of Marketing, Engineering
Division; and Mr. Anand Reddy, Flead of Motor Division.
I now hand over the call to management for opening remarks, post which we can take Q&A for
the participants. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Thank you. Good aftemoon, everyone. I welcome you all for iFB industries investors call for
the second quarter FY '23. Joining me today are Mr. Rajshankar Ray, MD & CEO of Home
Appliances Division; Mr. Arup Das, Head Marketing, Engineering Division; and Mr. Anand
Rcddy, CEO of Motor Division.
Growth during this quarter is 13% and YTD growth for the first half was signiflcantly higher
compared to last year. Cornpany has reported a total income of INR 1,101.92 crores for the
quarter with a growth of l3o/o over the same quartel' last year. During second quarter, EBITDA
was INR 74 crore, which is in line with last year. Lower margin percentage is [ 0:02:18] due
to lower-than-expected revenue in Home Appliance Division along with higher material costs
and operating expenses. The effect of commodity prices started coming down and the effect of
which is expected to be realized in third quarter. YTD revenue during first half was INR 2,15 1
crores with a growth of 40%. EBITDA margin during the period was significantly higher at
INR I 12 crol'es comparcd to INR 44 crores last year in the samc period.
With this, I will request you to start the question-answer session, please.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The flrst question is
frorn the linc of Manoj Gori from Equirus Securities. Pleasc go ahcad.
First, on the demand front. So what we understand is that the festive season also was not so
encouraging. So in this case, with RM prices coming down, how do you see the pricing
environment across industry and by you as well? Can you throw some light over there?
Manoj Gori:
Page 2 of15

XISI}
lnqii*styi*E Lirctit*rl
Raj Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Raj Ray:
Manoi Gori:
Raj Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Raj Ray:
Manoj Gori
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
Yes. So, Rajshankar, one minute. The reduction in the RM pricing, as far as we are concerned,
it will help us to improve the rnargins. we arc not thinking of any pass-through pricing on any
of the products as of now. As far as the competition is concerned, my understanding is that for
more than 1.5 years now companies like Samsung, LG have taken very aggressive price
positions to gain shares. In this quarter, industry-wide, key point being discussed by everyone
per se. So I don't see them lowering prices beyond what they have already done. So per se, I
think the reduction in commodity prices, as far as we are concerned, is margin exited. I don't sce
any changes in market price positioning per se. Does that answer your question?
Yes. Sir, so it's just first weck of November. So if we look at the September averagc prices, so
can you just quantif,i like what should be the positive impact on the overall appliance business
for us? And how should we look at the gross margins and EBITDA margin for the remainder
year FY'23?
If you -- there are two exercises, which are nrnning in parallcl, which, as we have said prcviously,
our target is to complete everything within Q4. One is the material cost reduction initiatives,
which are through either value engineering or through resourcing. And the second is the impact
of the reductions in the commodity prices. The combined impact of both, as far as gross margins
for us are concerned, is between 3o/o to 4%o at gross margin level.
So probably, what we understand is like the 3oA to 4yo would be mciving to EBITDA levels and
probably, we might see somewhere around high single-digit kind of EBITDA margins during
Q3 and Q4 depending on the current RM prices and the visibility that you have?
Correct.
Right, sir. Sir, secondly, if you look at from the room AC point of view, obviously, where do
you see yourself as a btanded -- like what should be the branded volumes this year where we
would be exiting and probably -- also on the outsourcing and what we aspire to do next year?
So if you see our overall indication for the full year was about 220,000 to 230,000 for the brand
volumes and about 150,000-odd for the OEM volumes. So we will hit the brand volumes. As far
as the OEM volumes are concemed, that listing trends of the OEMs of their orders, et cetera,
have been discussed for the period from, let's say, in November, to March and then of course,
up to June. So as of now, it looks that the volume guidance is maintained. However, we are still
to receive from close. So that is something that over the next, let's say, 30 to 45 days with that
close.
Right, sir. sir, lastly, on the oEM rnanufachlring. so if I'm not w'ong probably, we have roughly
around 3, 4 clients over there. So any development where we are trying to acquire new clients
or building on clients profile. Can you throw some light, like any ongoing discussions with newer
brands?
Page 3 of15

xwffi
Raj Ray
irlrJr;st g'ir*l t-i rni{ecl
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
Raj Ray:
Yes. There are ongoing discussions with about sevcn people, including three or people who we
supply to ah'eady. And as I said, definitely now in the next 40, 45 days, we expect that with the
set of thcm, the season volumes will be totally set.
Moderator:
The next question is flom the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK Investment Managers.
Please go ahead.
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
Sir, are you noticing any demand difference really, nrral versus urban and entry level versus
prcmium?
Raj Ray:
If you don't segment in terms of urban and rural, but if you segment by Tier l, Tier 2, Tier 3,
then the growth which has been sort of consistent over the last2,2.5 years, the Tier 2, Tier 3 is
growing much more lapidly as compared to Tier L This has been a consistent trend now and it's
almost the third year that this is happening. As far as the entry level versus the premium or the
higher end ofthe segments are concerned, that trend is very clear, that the higher end is growing
far more rapidly than the entry level segments.
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
So why is that? Any thoughts on that?
That's an interesting question. And see, I would put it as an outcome from 2, 3 enablers. I cannot
say that promincnce is definitely which one it is, but it is probably a basket like this. So one is
that the tendency to buy something bigger, whether in washer or for that matter ACs, for
example, has always been there. So faster than not has always been favoring higher capacities,
for example, as 8-kg capacity in washing machines. That trend was building.
The pandemic period and the lockdowns and everybody has grown getting involved for the
work-at-home, I think, accelerated that change. Because everybody in the family was involved
in the process of washing, everyone suddenly realized that there are two or three multiple
washers happening at home, let's buy a bigger newer machine. A lot of the equipment went
through exchange dnring those lockdown periods. So I think there was a change, that same got
accelerated over the last2 years, driven by lockdown and more people are participating in chores
at home This is one reason.
The second is that the availability of finance has definitcly helped because it's an entry-level
product, is INR 25,000 and the highcr cnd is INR 40,000, then cash difference is INR 15,000,
but in EMI telms, it is maybc INR 1,500. So as the finance options are expanded, the ability to
buy something higher priced has also become much easier.
The third point is that the availability has also improved. So if I look at ISP for example and I
look at our higher end products and over the last two, two and a half years which we've also
shared in these calls is this agenda that we've given of improving range displays across the
market. So if I just look at an 8 kg or a 9 kg washing machine, for example, the number of
displays available today is much biggcr and better than let's say two years back. So I think as
visibility and availability has improved, that has also driven access to the higher end. So I would
put it at three reasons as a combination probably ofall the three.
Page 4 of 15

xlsn
9xd*strier l-ir*tited
Dhananjai Bagrodia
Raj Ray:
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
Raj Ray
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
Raj Ray
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
And in tenns of size?
Raj Ray:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
The first point is that the availability has also improved. So if I look at IFB, for example, and I
look at our higher-end products, and over the last 2,2.5 years, which we've also shared in the
call, is the agenda that we've driven out improving range displays across the market. So if I just
look at an 8-kg or a 9-kg washing machine, for example, the number of displays available today
is much bigger and better than, let's say, two years. So I think as visibility and availability has
improved, that has also given access to the higher end. So I would put it as three reasons, as a
combination probably of all the three.
So then .just to understand, so you said that LC and Samsung, for example, they are really
competing on pricc point. But the availability offinance also significantly help kind ofthe good
ploducts, let's say, a little better, then why they're moving towards more towards LG and
Samsung at lower price menus -- EMI basis and where difference doesn't come too much then?
No, I think even in LG, Samsung, I would expect that the trend is that the higher-end is selling
more. Are you saying that lower-end is selling more?
No, I'm just -- no. I'm wondering, is it, industry-wise in terms of the -- even at a higher-end --
they're cutting the prices even at higher-end. Is that right?
No. industry is not cutting prices. What I said is that therc is a specific reality that Samsung, for
example, has taken vcry aggrcssive price positions across all categories. Our understanding is
that they're doing this to basically buy share. But it is not something that is happening at any
particular entry-level pricc point or higher end price point. It's more a common thing acloss. So
that's a separate thing. That is not related to this point about the higher-end selling more.
The higher-end that is selling more, the three reasons that I told you achrally have nothing to do
with price pcr se because the three reasons that I gave you are not particularly price to them.
They are driven by other factors, which is something that IFB has experienced. You see, we
have not changed pricing. Pricing has only increased. Ifyou look at the figure from Jan '2 I until
now when the commodity prices actually increased, but we are still seeing a very rapid growth
at the high-end.
And, sir, industry-wise, would the demand be where, company is more plesent in front loading
washing machines, with industry demand, what would you think -- what would your analysis in
tenns of what would be the segmentation industry-wise on front loading washing machines
versus top load in volumes or size?
So fypically, it is a sort of factor of 1:3, which could vary from 1:2 to 1:4, depending upon which
gcography in India you wcre in.
I was talking about size only. Volume, 1:3. Do you mean by value?
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Yes
Page 5 of 15

XSH
lncl{}stri{:s *,-ica3it**
Raj Ray
Dhananjai Bagrodia
Raj Ray:
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
ROEs and ROCs?
Raj Ray:
Dhananjai Bagrodia
Raj Ray:
Moderator:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
So by value, it will probably be I :2 or I :l.7 because of coursc the front loader price much higher
than the top loaders.
And sir, lastly, I'll come back if I have an option. But so what levers do we have to improve high
retum ratios?
Which ratios, please?
So we have two levers that we need to fully deliver on. And the first is the volume. So in that,
the key agenda that we have spoken about is that thelc is particular levers that we have. And
over the last two years ol' so, our constant agenda has becn tl"rat wc do business with a higher
percentage of that universe every month as compared to what we are doing today. Now, over the
last two years, that percentage has improved, .but we are still not happy with the pace of that
improvement. We think that it will increase much more. So our extraction from our available
universe needs to be much higher. This is our first agenda.
The second agenda is that the results in the previous fiscal year and also in thc first quarter of
this year were not improved primarily because of the material cost related things that we had,
which we couldn't pass through to the market. And with the material cost reduction program and
the softening of the commoditics, by the Q4 of this year, on the material cost side, we need to
fix the malgin strucnlre. So for our l'eftux on invcstment to improve, these are the two big
agendas for us. Does that answer your qucstion, pleasc?
Sorry, if you havc a little more detail in terms of how we see that in numbers, [inaudible 0:1 7: 13]
but this is helpful for broad thesis? And maybe if we can slip in one more. Sir, with, some larger
players like Voltbek also try to make a big dent in the segment. How do we see that in terms of
as an industry-wide? Do wc see that, that means some margins in the industry will still always
be surprised because we have two already large players reducing prices or keeping prices lower.
Now we have anothel player who is trying also gain market share. How would that work
industrial-wise?
So my understanding is Voltbek still have to make headway in terms of representation across
categories and markets, etcetera. So as of now, there isn't any impact. As far as IFB is concerned,
I don't see any impact from them. As far as the industry is concerned, we don't have enough data
right now to be able to really answer this possibly.
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofBhargav Buddhadev from Kotak Mutual Fund.
Please go ahead.
Sir, if you look at other peers in the sector who have reported, IFB is possibly an outlier in terms
of sequcntial improvcmcnt in gross margins. So is it that we were sort of sitting on low-cost
inventory and our high-cost inventory was already exhausted or what should be in for the year?
Bhargav Buddhadev:
Page 6 of 15

xpI}
lirrJl'r*{. ri c:s l-.i gr: it*ri
Raj Ray:
Bhargav Buddhadev:
Raj Ray
Bhargav Buddhadev:
Raj Ray:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
See, I will answer it this way. Our inventories have nevcr rcally been very high because the key
parameter of the market credit for IFB has always been on the -- I mean, the better position have
always been quite tightly controlled. So inventories per se have not been high. We do have a
higher inventory in the AC segment than what we would like . And for the next two months, that
is something that we need to addt'ess.
But I think the improvements that we have made has come because this agenda of delivering on
the volumes and looking at material cost and doing the best possible exercise on that. I think we
are making some progress on that. It's still not complete. There is an agenda that we have to
deliver by Q4. But I think our improvement is corning because of these fwo heads, there is
progress we are making. So if you look at the revenue growth in the H1, that percentage is better
than before because we are covering more of the market universe that we have.
We've pnt in place a lot of measures for our people to visit the market in a much more disciplined
manner than before. We're building engagement programs with trade partners. And we just have
to do more of that. We still think that we are underleveraged in tetms of what is possible for us
on the market side, revenue side there. We just have to keep doing what we're doing. Does that
answer your question? Or is there some other clarity that you like?
No, this is good cnough, sir. And sir, historically, if you look at the five years to 10-year history,
we've deliveled very well on the revenue growth front. However, our EBITDA margins have
been extremely volatile and also much lower as compared to industry standards. Now that we
are trying to complete the product portfolio, thanks to good acceptance on the air conditioner
side as well. Is it fair to say that we will sort of come back in terms of consistency on the margins
as well, and we can be closer to 8% to 9% EBITDA margins maybe in the next two years?
Yes. So I don't want to give a figure, but that is something definitely which we havc to deliver
and Mr. Chatterjec and I have come quite often to this forum. And this idea that our margins are
volatile and simply not good enough is a question that we face multiple times. So yes, definitely,
this broadening of the product basket is healthy because the overheads are getting distributed
over more products, small volumes. And we still have a job to do on the material cost and the
market exhaction. But if we finish these two jobs properly by Q4, which is our internal target,l
think this question of the stable margin is something, hopcfully, that we can settle by Q4.
And lastly sir, so on the AC side, is it fair to assume a 50-50 mix between your OEM sales and
your branded sales?
Yes, it will be about 60-40 or 50-50. Yes. More like 60-40.
And the combined margins would be similar to the company level or would it be lower as
compared to the company level margins?
Bhargav Buddhadev:
Raj Ray:
The AC margins currently are lower than the average for the company
Bhargav Buddhadev: If I'm take in the next year", maybe once we reach, cross INR 500 crores of top line?
Page 7 of 15

Xtrffi
!r:q{*sts'i*l; tis$itec*
Rai Ray:
Prabir Chatterjee:
No,
Bhargav Buddhadev:
Raj Ray:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
I would -- if I compare it to washer margins, then even in the next year's AC margins will be
lesser, but one advantage that the AC bring to the table is that they are actually -- they are soaking
up the overhead. And the volumes on the ACs are very high once we get the game right. So in
terms of helping thc ovcrhead allocation across the company and therefore, helping better margin
profile for the company, they have a very important role to play, even though on an individual
basis, the margins on that segment will still be lower than the washers. Mr. Chatterjee, would
you like to add to this, please?
And sir, what would be the biggest turnover coming in frorn youl largest OEM client? What
would be the flimover fi'om your largest OEM client in AC?
For this year?
Bhargav Buddhadev: Yes, for this year. maybe first...
Raj Ray
Can we answer this qnestion offline because the numbers are still not fully closed. So..
Bhargav Buddhadev: No problem
Moderator:
Manoj Gori:
Raj Ray:
Manoj Gori
Thank you. Reminder to the participants anyone wishing to ask a question, may please press star
and onc. The next question is from the line of Manoj Gauri from Equirus Securities. Please go
ahead.
One more question with regalds to competition. So recently, Whirlpool in their press release has
indicated, like they have been starting the commercial operations of the frontload washing
machines, which again would be a reentry into this category. How do you see, because normally,
when you look at, they are relatively lower price versus LG and Samsung and probably in the
frontload it would be almost similar to your pricing. Do you see it as a major threat, probably
this time, not as a threat, but at least a major competitor or a player that could evolve over the
period?
So it is a player that deflrnitely needs to be watched. There are already multiple players for the
placement of frontloads on the floor of the stores. So this will be another addition. But Whiripool
has had some placement of some front loaders for some time now, which is through imports. So
the imports being substituted by the manufactured product and how that happens in placement,
I think over the next one year, we have to keep a watch, bnt we have to keep a watch definitely.
But on the othel hand, so I just wanted to understand from a competition point of view because
if you look at LG and Samsung have been aggrcssive on pricing to gain market share. So
probably, if you look at despite the significant pressure from the RM, overall, the price hikes
taken were lower than required. Now with the RM benefits, can there be a case where they
actually go aggressive again to gain market share and probably whatever benefits that they would
be gaining, they would bc passing on to the end consumer?
Page 8 of 15

xs$
in**s{risr i-iyc}itq:el
Raj Ray:
Manoj Gori
Raj Ray
Manoj Gori
Raj Ray:
Moderator
Prasheel Gandhi:
Raj Ray
Prasheel Gandhi:
Raj Ray:
Prasheel Gandhi
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
We have to watch for this. Like I said a while back, I personally don't expect further erosion in
pricing from them. But we have to wait and see. I think over the next quarter or so, we'll know.
Right. But there was nothing visible during the current quarter, and we don't expect anything in
the current quarter. Obviously, the majority ofthe season has gone through.
Yes, there was nothing specific as far as this Diwali period was concerned beyond what they
were already doing and I don't expect it but you know like you pointed out, we have to keep a
watch on this.
Right sir. Just one last question. So obviously when you look at the company probably till FY
' 1 9 we were one of the fastest growing brand in the Indian home appliances. During '20,,21 we
faced some challenges with regards to competition and also there was COVID impact. This year
obviously when we look at FY'23 numbers versus FY'19 numbers, probably the GAGR growth
is much slower as compared to the historical levels. So going forward, should we expect like
probably the 15o/o,20Yo growth that we used to report at the company level, probably that should
be now somewhere around 14%o, I 50% or we should be back on track for the 20Yo mark?
I think our potential is the figure that you gave. And the key thing is for us to execute this market
extraction properly. Because the assumed growth is definitely much higher than what we have
delivered.
Thank you. Reminder to the participants anyone wishing to ask a question, may please press star
and one. The next question is from the line of Prasheel Gandhi from Nirmal Bang Equities
Private Limited. Please go ahead.
Sir, a couple of questions. Firstly, on front load washing machine. So we were planning to launch
inverters motor. Inverter motor technology and Wi-Fi enabled, but that timeline has been pushed
to fir'st quarter of FY '24. So could you thr-ow light what is thc cause of the dclay?
Sir, we have already introduced some models, which are in the market and some models which
will ramp up from November, this month. And some of the models will come in Q 1 of next year.
So that's why there is no delay. It's only that we've spaced out the entry.
And so the completc rollout, when can we expect the complete rollout to finish?
Yes, the full range replacement will be over by end of el of the next year.
Sccond question rclated to BLDC motors. I think wc have pushcd the time line from September
of '22, this year to January '23. so could yon throw light on why that delay in that segment?
The is Anand here from Motor Division. So basically, we wanted to start manufacturing BLDC
motol in September. What happened in between was there werc a few other models that the
market demanded, for which the toolings and trials took some time. So that's why it's getting
delayed till January '23.
R. Anand
Page 9 of 15

TryH
!nri**{.yies *-isv:!l*<l
Prasheel Gandhi:
R. Anand
Prasheel Gandhi
R. Anand:
Prasheel Gandhi:
R. Anand:
Prasheel Gandhi:
R. Anand:
Prasheel Gandhi
R. Anand:
Prasheel Gandhi:
R. Anand
Prasheel Gandhi:
R. Anand:
Prasheel Gandhi
Raj Ray
Prasheel Gandhi:
Raj Ray
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
And so this is for both washing machine and air conditioner, right? So those will be rolled out
from January'23?
No. First we will roll out the BLDC motor for washing machine is January '23 and then the air
conditioncr motor will be rolled out somewhere inMay'23, June'23.
A second question regarding this. So we will be also selling direct BLDC motors through our
competitors and other OEMs?
Yes, we will be doing that.
So who would be the major OEM that would be trying to sell to?
We are looking at Voltas, Blue Star, Daikin, Panasonic, Samsung and other people
So what could be the likely mix for this? Like for our own consumption versus OEM sales?
We are targeting 50-50, 50 for captive consumption and 50Yo for outside customer
Second question, onc more question regarding olrr e-comrr. Could you highlight what wele thc
e-comm sales as a percentage oftotal sale for thc quarter?
For the quarter?
Yes
For the quaftel was l6.9oh.
And what was the same number last year?
Last year was slightly higher
So it is the trend in how e-comm sales are coming down. So would we expect the same trend
going ahead?
See, we don't look at it so much as a percentage to the total. But if you see, our potential for
growth from the offline channel is very high. So if that growth comes in line with potential, then,
yes, e-commerce as a percentage will reduce. But in value terms, e-commerce will remain a
growth engine. Have I been able to answer this question?
Yes, sir. That was very helpful. Question pertaining to price hike. So what is the overall prices
that we have taken across our porlfolio for this quarter?
This qualter, we have not made any price increases
And sir, final question from my end. We are also planning to enter 28-liter microwave segment.
So could you highlight the market potential for that segment?
Prasheel Gandhi
Page 10 of15

KKa-ffiffi
$rsd * st g isl, l.in;ii,1i{i
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
Raj Ray:
So if you see, this particular 28-liter capaciry point has becn monopolizedby LG and Samsung
until date. And we have been absent. So in theil convection range, for example, this 28-liter
price point is almost 60%, 65% of thcir sales. And we arc going against that particular segment
with this introduction.
Prasheel Gandhi:
So what would bc the typical market size for this 28-liter?
Raj Ray
So if you sec in telms of IFB's own volumcs, this palticular introduction has the potential to
increasc volumc by around llyo to l\Vo.
Moderator:
Thank you. Wc'll move to the next question.'l'hat is from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia frorn
ASK Invcstment Managers. Please go ahead.
Dhananjai Bagrodia
So sir, basically, we are limiting data. But according to yonr estimate, what would be the indttstry
size for, let's say for washing machines and what growth rates in terms of volume and valtte
could we see in the next two years?
Raj Ray:
Probably, thc total washing machine industry, which is scmiautomatic, plus frontload, plus top
load, all put together, the general cstimate is that this is roughly, let's say, 50 lakhs, 55 lakhs, to
rnaybc 60 lakhs. It has been growing in a norrnal year by around 10%, 12%, l5%. And'the
penctration, if you rcally look at the data are still very low. So there is no reason why this growth
rate sl-rould not rcmain like this or even maybe acceleratc actually.
Dhananjai Bagrodia
Okay. And in terms of these three, what would be the rnix between semiautomatic, top load and
front load?
Raj Ray
So the frontloads will be rnaybe 1.75 million, 1.6 million approximately. The rcst you could
dividc equally bctween semiautomatics and top loads.
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Okay. 1.6 million, 1.75 million? Okay
Ycs, maybc about -- yes, L5 million, 1.6 million.
Okay. Understood. So thcn remaining out of that 45 million will be divided betwecn this two,
20 rnillion to 25 million. Okay. And sir, going ahead, if you assume industry grows at 100% to
120lo volumc growth, but what would -- in terms of value growth, would that be nil? Or would
there be some of growth in the value...
Raj Ray:
No. See, value growth will be more, for two reasons because the mix has changed and the higher
end is selling more than it used to. So thcre is a value growth associated with that. And then, of
course , there is a price-led value growth. So on both counts, thc value growth will be more than
the volume growth.
So we can assume around 12Yo to I5%o total, including volumc and value-add mix change as an
expectation for the industry.
Raj Ray
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
Dhananjai Bagrodia
Page 11 of15

XffI}
$l:r{alstrixl* Lic*i{*d
Raj Ray:
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
Raj Ray:
Dhananjai Bagrodia
Raj Ray:
Moderator:
Abhinav Jain
Raj Ray
Abhinav Jain
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
Ycs. I mean that has bcen the trcnd. And I think thc trcnd will remain.
And sir, lastly, in terms now, we've also spoken about a new product in your repofi about washer
Dryer and Washer-Dryer-Refresher in one segment. Is that something which the innovative
product which no one else has? And is that something which we could see opportunity there
also?
So the washer Dryer is a genuinely innovative product. This idea that you can wash, dry and
also stcam and refresh clothes, which means you don't need to wash clothes, you can just refresh
them and genuine cleaning, it's not a cosmetic refresh. It's an extremely innovative product and
is doing well. We are driving placement increases across India. And we also see good volumes
in this.
But it's relatively a bit too small. I have to spcak about what potential it could be and how that
could go for us.
So growth. Markets like India is driven a lot by availability. Now I assume that we were able to
place this in every single rather on counter across India, you would actually see very high
volumes. That is a task that we have to do. Is there a market for this segment? Definitely, yes.
Thank you. Reminder to the participants anyone wishing to ask a question, may please press star
and one. The next question is from the line ofAbhinav Jain from SG India.
Three questions. First of all, on the Home Appliance Division. You mentioned that there is a
3%, 4% matcrial margin improvement that you are cxpecting, one is through internal initiatives
on value engineering and working on the.developed materials and second, there is softening of
cornmodity prices as you have observed. Flowever, my question was that both at an EBITDA
level, this will result in a much higher margin improvement given AC volumes will kick in and
the full year volume projections are much higher than last quartcr. So this could actually, the
EBITDA margin could hit double digits, not just high single digits. That was question number
So we answer to that is potentially yes. On this agenda of completing the material cost work and
getting volumes, especially the AC volume dght. That is a job that we have to complete. But the
answer to your question is yes, a possible yes.
And is there a very different element. I'm assuming you could -- a ballpark estimate of cost of
finished unit production for competition. So is there in the cost structure at a unit level for a like-
for-like product for front loaders? Is it very different across major players like IFB, Samsung
and LG?
So I would not call the difference rnajor. But there are differences, yes, because thc fact that we
commit to a 10-year life span for thc product. And if you're a LG or Samsung customer and you
want spare parts after 3 years, they will show you a depreciation policy. They don't service
products after three years, four years. But IFB services right up to l0 years and in many cases,
Raj Ray:
Page 12 of15

r$$
9$**stri*:; l-i rs:i g*lql
Abhinav Jain:
Raj Ray
Abhinav Jain:
Raj Ray:
Abhinav Jain:
Raj Ray:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
beyond 10 years. So the inherent quality that we have is superior and therefore, the dealer
material will reflect that. It could be something as simple as the quality of the rubber that we use
or the electrbnic designs that we have for the voltage variations in India. So we have relatively
higher bill of material compared to, let's say, specific competition like LG, Samsung. It is not
stnrctulally different, but the elements in it are higher because of the quality levels. Is that what
you wanted to know, please?
And you mentioned that Samsung has been very aggressive. So how do they do it? Is it that they
reduce the MOP, of the market operating price, for the products? Or they give higher channel
incentives? And kind of drive towards the same MOP, because it's a race to the bottom in some
sense and if they become aggressive for the longest term then everybody including IFB will have
to respond and nobody would like to lose market share in the shorter run. So I just wanted to
understand, is it short-term more incentives to the channel that they give more volume discounts
or they just reduce the MOP as per the plans and some time keeping the channel margins on a
percentage basis then?
It is a combination of both. And we have never responded to this, not before. And specifically,
for the last year, year and half, when they have done more of this, we've not responded. So we
see our growth rates, they are in spite of this sort of new by them. But what they do is a
combination of both the things that you described.
And what's the typical channel margin from a dealer lending price to a MOP in the category that
we operate in both, front loaders and ACs as well as others?
This varies from place to place. But a typical channel partner margin could vary anywhere
between syo Lo 14yo,1 5% depending on the product category or the geography. There is a wide
variation in this, but roughly, this would bc the range.
And my second question -- second line of question was on the Motor Division and it's probably
somewhat linked to the Appliancc division as well. Is there -- are BLDC motors being used in
the appliances, both fi'ont loaders and in ACs in the industry currently? And what percentage of
the overall industry volumes would be BLDC motors? That's number one. And second, let's say,
in FY'25, when you are opelating at optimal capacity, what sorl of external revenues is being
targeted through BLDC motor division? Because the numbers at least in volume terms look very
high which is good for us as shareholders. I just wanted to understand what sort ofaddressable
market or what sort of scale on a revenue basis are we hoping to achieve from BLDC sale to
external customers?
Anand, you can answer this
Yes. See, on the external customers, we arc targeting 50% of our installed capacity. That is I
million cach. So 5 lakh motors of BLDC for washing machines, which translates to around INR
50 crores of rcvcnue and 5 lakh of air conditionel'motor, which translates to roughly around INR
40 crores ofrevenue. So INR 90 crores revenue we are expecting from outside customers.
R. Anand:
Page 13 of15

xw$
I srql*,,r*;tri*s lirxit*<l
Abhinav Jain:
R. Anand:
Abhinav Jain:
R. Anand:
Abhinav Jain:
R. Anand
Raj Ray:
R. Anand:
Raj Ray:
Abhinav Jain:
Raj Ray:
IFB Industries Limited
November 07, 2022
And has there been adoption of BLDC motors in these 2 categories already in the industry? And
who is supplying them?
See predominantly, it has been catered by import right now
So -- and also there is a company called Igarashi Motors, and I'm sure there would be other
players also developing BLDC motors. So is there -- and so from an industry adoption
perspcctive I think my question was what percentage of overall volumes of ACs and washing
machines would have BLDC motors and who are the upcoming industry players? That question
was -- I'm sure the numbers are so high there would be multiple motor suppliers and even capital
manufactur'ing that can take off on the BLDC side.
Yes, there are multiple motor manufacturers who are developing BLDC motors. But I don't think
anyone have productionized it on a large scale. So it is being catered by imports mainly as of
now. Maybe in six to eight months' time, people will start manufacturing some of the BLDC
motors in India.
And what percentage of overall industry volumes will have BLDC in motor technology for AC
and washing machine?
That I think Mr. Ray would be right person to answer that.
So ifyou see washers and you take a three-year horizon, then in a category like front loaders,
probably 80% to 90% will be BLDC. The top load and the semiautomatics will be new. In the
casc of top loaders, it will probably be anywhere betwecn 30o to 35o . If you look at AC, then
the nse of BLDC motor will be, at presently, roughly about l0% to l5Yo.
And this will offer signifrcant electricity savings for the consumers, that main USP of the client?
Yes. It will offer savings on the electricify front, the noise level are lesser. And the government
energy regulations are also mandating moving to technology like this.
Sir, ifI can ask how stable is that technology given that the field failure rate, and obviously, it
depends on the elevation in terms of your technology, quality of magnets. Bnt in your testing,
how has been the field failure rate? Obviously, it's not in the field right now, but in the factory.
How do you plan to improvc that? And is it cqual to or less than the conventional motor that we
are using, the conventional type or winding, whatever it be, conventional motor that is being
used currently?
We already have models with BLDC in the market. And there are absolutely no problems with
quality. So they are as good as the rest ofthe product. So there's no issue.
Okay. And on the Automotivc division sidc, arc there possibilities of getting extemal sales on
the BLDC motors? Or we are just focusing on the Home Appliances side?
Abhinav Jain:
Page 14 of 15

n*$
irrtilil ttvr{:5 t_ ifi}iti!{:
R. Anand:
Abhinav Jain
R. Anand:
Moderator:
Ankit Shah:
Moderator:
Abhinav Jain:
Raj Ray:
Moderator:
Management:
Moderator:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 07, 2022
See, BLDC motor, we are in discussion with various customers. It's too early to discuss on that
right now. Why? Because the market has not yet adapted BLDC technology for Automotive in
the last place. But within the ncxt couple of years it will happen for HVAC motor as wcll as
engine cooling motors.
Okay. So right now, the focus is to get INR 90 crores to INR 100 crores of external sales on a
full year basis on -- from the Home Appliances side itselfl
Right.
Thank you. Thc next question is fi'om the line of Ankit Shah an individual investor. Please go
ahead.
Yes, my question has bcen answered.
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofAbhinav Jain from SG India. Please go ahead.
So coming back on the question i asked pleviously. I know, again, there are always but sector is
part, there is no very adverse reaction from competition in terms of aggressive price cuts or
unreasonable movement of commodity prices. Is it fair to assume that you would aspire for an
early single digit sort of an EBITDA margin with 50% to 55% of gross margin and maybe some
more costings thrown in given we are manufacturing ACs in house now?
Yes, that is the intent.
Ladics and gentlcmen, that is the last question. I now hand the conference over to the
managcmcnt for the closing comments.
Thank you all forjoining the call.
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities, that concludes this
conference call. Wc thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank
you.
Page 15 of15
