 
 
 
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in 
  www.sapphirefoods.in 
 702, Prism Tower, A-Wing, Mindspace, Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
(formerly known as Sapphire Foods India Private Limited) 
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005 
Date: November 10, 2022 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: SAPPHIRE 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 40001  
 
Scrip Code: 543397 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript – Q2 FY23 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings call held on Thursday, 
November 3, 2022, in relation to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2022. 
 
The said Earnings Call Transcript is also available at the website of the Company 
(https://www.sapphirefoods.in/investors-relation/financials) under FY 2022-23 Quarter 2 
section. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Dudam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
SACHIN 
TUKARAM 
DUDAM
Digitally signed 
by SACHIN 
TUKARAM 
DUDAM 
Date: 2022.11.10 
17:37:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 41 
 
 
“Sapphire Foods India Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. SANJAY PUROHIT – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
& WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SAPPHIRE 
FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NACHIKET KALE – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 41 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the 
Sapphire Foods India Limited’s Q2 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder all participants are in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference, please press “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone telephone to signal for an operator. 
Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now 
like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nachiket Kale from 
Orient Capital. Thank you and over to you Mr. Kale! 
Nachiket Kale: Good evening everyone and welcome to Sapphire Foods’ 
Q2 and H1 FY2023 Earnings concall. The management 
today is represented by Mr. Sanjay Purohit, Group CEO and 
whole time director along with Mr. Vijay Jain, CFO. I hope 
everyone had a chance to go through the investor 
presentation and earnings press release. Before we begin 
just a reminder that this call may contain some forward 
looking statements which do not guarantee future 
performance and involves unforeseen risks. With that I 
would like to hand over to Mr. Sanjay Purohit to take over. 
Sanjay Purohit: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our Q2 
highlights. I will talk very briefly about the numbers and 
then I will give you a color on the quarter. In the quarter we 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 41 
delivered a strong performance. Our revenue was highest 
ever at Rs.560 Crores, our EBITDA was at Rs.103 Crores 
at 18.4% up 350 basis points year-on-year and our adjusted 
EBITDA was about Rs.62 Crores at 11.1% up 490 basis 
points year-on-year. PAT stood at Rs.27 Crores 4.8% of 
revenue up 600 basis points year-on-year. Our India 
restaurant EBITDA grew by 40 basis points year-on-year; 
however, due to the adverse Sri Lanka impact consolidated 
restaurant EBITDA of 16.8% was actually lower by 50 basis 
points and all of this I am looking at versus our normalized 
EBITDA of Q2 FY2022 and if you remember last year we 
were painstakingly calling out that our EBITDA was 
actually lower than what we had received in that period 
because of one time incentives that we have got on our store 
openings so against the normalized EBITDA numbers India 
grew by 40 basis points but on a consolidated level we 
dropped by 50 basis points. 
At the beginning of the quarter we thought it is going to be 
a challenging quarter. One KFC revenues especially for the 
Sapphire markets are especially impacted because of the 
higher festival vegetarian days that we see and I will say this 
year the extent of drop that we see on vegetarian days has 
gone back to 2018, 2019 levels so there has been quite a 
severe drop versus say last year but in line with what we 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 41 
have seen perhaps in the earlier years so that was one 
potential negative impact. The second potential negative 
impact was that inflation peaking and on both the brands we 
were seeing mid teens inflation levels. Therefore at the start 
of the financial year along with Yum we have consciously 
taken a call to have price increases not in line with inflation 
but lower price increases so as to ensure that our transaction 
volumes are maintained and that has worked really well for 
us from a demand perspective so we are really happy with 
how the quarter has gone from a demand perspective. If you 
look at our same store sales growth had been really strong, 
our year-on-year ADS levels have been sustained in spite of 
176 stores that we have added in the last one year so I think 
the fact that SSSGs are strong, transaction growth has been 
maintained in spite of our price increases I think that bodes 
well for us. So if you look at KFC now we delivered a 15% 
same store sales growth and a 36% increase in overall 
transaction. When we look at a channel level actually dine 
in was quite strong and their transactions also grew on a 
year-on-year basis but because our price increase which we 
had taken about between 9% to 10% and like I said inflation 
was in mid teens our gross margins were impacted by 310 
basis points, but because of leverage that we got on 15% 
SSSG and tighter cost management the drop in restaurant 
EBITDA went to about 80 basis points versus the 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 41 
normalized EBITDA level of 18.7% in Q2 FY2022. You 
would have heard both Vijay and me talk about Q2 being 
generally the lowest quarter for us from KFC perspective 
and it drops versus Q1 and then we hope to recover in Q3 as 
we go past the festival vegetarian days. Gross margins went 
down by 310 basis points, our restaurant EBITDA margins 
just went down by 80 basis points so the SSSG focus as well 
as the cost management focus helped us to curtail this drop. 
On Pizza Hut I think we have had best ever quarter. Our 
same store sales growth grew by 23%. There was a very 
strong transaction growth in excess of this SSSG and the 
ADS growth both over the corresponding quarter and the 
sequential quarter and therefore even when gross margins 
dropped by 110 basis points our restaurant EBITDA was our 
highest ever at 15% up by 440 basis points compared to our 
normalised restaurant EBITDA of 10.7% in Q2 FY2022. So 
here I am happy to say that a combination of our Omni 
channel strategy where dine in, takeaway and delivery all 
three come, we are able to maximize revenue out of our 
store through all three channels combined with all the work 
that we have done on cost management as well as the 
innovation on Pizza Hut the same store sales growth has 
been very strong at 23%. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 41 
Our Sri Lanka business also had a strong quarter and we 
grew SSSG to the tune of 37%. Now this has largely been 
on the back of price increases so the transaction growth has 
been just about positive in this quarter. Inflation has 
continued to rise and therefore our gross margins have got 
significantly impacted and therefore restaurant margins also 
dropped to about 550 basis points to 15% versus our 
normalised restaurant EBITDA of 20.5% last year Q2. 
Absolute value EBITDA grew by 23% in Lankan rupee 
terms but in Indian rupee terms declined by 25% with 
currency translation impact. Largely if you see in Q1 we 
delivered in Indian rupees sense roughly about Rs.7 Crores 
in this quarter also we have delivered similar roughly 10% 
to 11% mix of our corporate EBITDA. We are also happy 
to say that our restaurant expansion pace has been steady. 
We opened 42 restaurants in Q2, 20 KFC, 14 Pizza Hut in 
India and 7 Pizza Hut and a Taco Bell in Sri Lanka. So given 
all the macroeconomic conditions that we are seeing many 
consumer products company is showing lower transaction 
growth, lower volume growth our inflation being quite high, 
the fact that we consciously took lower price increases in 
the hope that we will be able to maintain transaction growth 
I think this quarter has been actually a very strong quarter 
for us and we are quite happy at the way that it has panned 
out coupled with our restaurant expansion that means that 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 41 
we are in a reasonably good space. Q3 is generally better 
than Q2 and we expect some marginal amount of gross 
margin improvement towards the end of Q3 perhaps 
beginning Q4 but inflation continues to be at the same level 
so there is no drop in inflation level so that is the overview. 
When I look at page seven the consolidated financials you 
will see as I am repeating myself here Rs.560 Crores up 
36%, adjusted EBITDA Rs.62 Crores up 144%, Rs.62 
Crores translates into 11.1% adjusted EBITDA margin, 
EBITDA was Rs.103 Crores at 18.4% and PAT Rs.27 
Crores at 4.8%. We ended the quarter with 658 stores, 301 
KFC, 249 Pizza Huts in India and 106 Pizza Hut and Taco 
Bell in Sri Lanka and two stores in Maldives so totally 658 
stores. I will now quickly hand it over to Vijay who will talk 
about the specific financial highlights. 
Vijay Jain: 
Good afternoon everyone. I will move on to slide number 
nine consolidated financial highlights. Slide number nine so 
we clocked sales of Rs.560 Crores our highest ever revenue 
growth of 36%, gross margins we dropped by 310 basis 
points, we will deep dive into this at each business level. 
 
Moving on to slide number 10, slide number 10 is a bit busy 
at times when you do over disclosures it can have this kind 
of effect so I will take a bit of time on this particular slide. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 41 
If you look at numbers in brackets which are given for last 
year corresponding quarters those indicate normalized 
restaurant EBITDA numbers taking aside onetime benefit 
which we received from Yum on account of COVID 
additional incentives which we received. We had called out 
this last time as well in Q3 financials when we released so 
on a comparison to our normalized restaurant EBITDA of 
last year of 17.2% we delivered 16.8% this year, a drop of 
50 basis points. If you look at the below the graph it says 
Indian restaurant EBITDA grew by 40 basis points versus 
last year so after excluding the Sri Lanka business where we 
have seen a big drop on Sri Lanka the India restaurant 
business grew by 40 basis points in spite of a 300 basis 
points drop what we have seen at overall level. On adjusted 
EBITDA at 11.1% it was up by 750 basis points over the 
last year compared to a normalized EBITDA for Q2 which 
was 3.6% last year. In terms of value we delivered Rs.62.4 
Crores, Q1 for us was around Rs.73 odd Crores. 
 
Slide number 11 overall EBITDA of Rs.103 Crores 18.4% 
up by 610 basis points versus last year’s normalized 
EBITDA of 12.3% and PAT of 4.8% at Rs.27 Crores up by 
860 basis points over the last year. Last year we were 
negative on PAT. On YTD basis if you look at we delivered 
a PAT of Rs.65 Crores is close to 6% up by almost 1000 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 41 
basis points versus last year. Sanjay would take over on the 
KFC section. 
Sanjay Purohit: When we look at channel contribution we will find that dine 
in has continued to increase in overall contributions so in 
Q2 it was at 44% whereas delivery was at about 36% and 
takeaway was about 20%. We had product launches chicken 
peri peri, we had chocolate lava, a lot of branding and 
promotions around both chicken peri peri and chocolate 
lava. Our digital activation continues and the use of 
celebrities. Our new store launches we have given you some 
pictures. Finally we were able to launch a Colaba store. 
Recently in October we launched a store near fort and then 
we have launched a store in Central Mumbai also near 
Dadar. You can see the Faridkot, Punjab store, some of the 
stores in Punjab are really beautiful big stores with full drive 
through and it is an integrated retail development with lot of 
food players, apparel players, entertainment, so the brand 
does really well here and you can see a picture of the Jalna 
Road, Aurangabad store. 
Vijay Jain: 
Moving on to slide 20 on financials very strong SSSG of 
15% in the quarter for KFC, very healthy ADS of 134,  this 
ADS is in spite of the 82 restaurant additions which have 
happened over the last one year so it includes all the new 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 41 
restaurants as well. On restaurant EBITDA of slide 21 on 
gross margins just let me cover the gross margins first. 
Restaurant revenue first, on restaurant revenue we clocked 
Rs.350 Crores up by 36%, additions of 20 stores which took 
the count part to 300 mark for us in KFC in the last quarter. 
On gross margins we dropped by 310 basis points, two 
reasons over here and one prime reason that inflation picked 
in Q2. Q1 while inflation was there we were also carrying 
old inventories. Inflation picked in Q2 that was a major 
impact. A marginal impact also on account of delivery mix 
compared to last year, last year it was 42% now it is 36% so 
small impact also on account of delivery relaxation. Our 
delivery prices are generally higher than our dine in and 
takeaway prices; however, in spite of gross margin 
reduction we were able to curtail the restaurant EBITDA 
drop to 80 basis points if you compare to a normalized 
EBITDA of last year of 18.7 we delivered 17.9%. This was 
possible because of healthy SSSG which Sanjay spoke 
about that we were able to drive because of lower price 
increase than inflation combined with the cost control we 
were able to limit the drop to 80 basis points in the quarter. 
Overall it is a very soft quarter expectedly soft quarter from 
a festival point of view, but from an overall demand and 
SSSG point of view it was a strong quarter for us and the 
cost management ensured we were able to restrict the 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 41 
impact to 80 basis points. Going forward Sanjay mentioned 
that as we move into Q3 we expect a recovery in demand to 
pick up because of the vegetarian festival days are over. 
Gross margin point of view we expect marginal recovery to 
happen in the end of Q3 and the beginning of Q4 and the 
higher ADS or higher revenue should enable us to drive 
greater restaurant EBITDA margins. 
Sanjay Purohit: From a Pizza Hut perspective the channel sales contribution 
is quite similar to Q1 where 35% came out of dine in and 
about 15% to 16% comes out of takeaway, so deliveries 
today about 49% to 50% of our total business. A lot of our 
branding and promotions was focused on flavour fun that 
we launched on in the end of July nationally. You can see 
some of our new restaurant launches and we launched about 
14 in the quarter so you can see Alwal, Gandhidham, and 
Avadi where we have got KFC and Pizza Hut in the same 
premise and Dighi in Pune and now Vijay will just talk 
about the numbers. 
Vijay Jain: 
Slide 28 on Pizza Hut our overall SSSG was 23% and as 
Sanjay mentioned that it was on the back of strong 
transaction it was really heartening to see. In terms of the 
ADS we were at 64000 which was not only a growth on 
sequential quarter but as well as corresponding quarter as 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 41 
well and this is in spite of 61 store additions which happened 
over the last one year in case of Pizza Hut. Restaurant 
revenue grew by 60% at Rs.140 Crores with 14 additions 
during the quarter from the overall tally 249 restaurants. On 
gross margins we dropped by 110 basis points on account 
of churn in our price increase generally been lower than the 
inflation; however, our restaurant EBITDA when compared 
to a normalized EBITDA of last year at 10.7% we delivered 
15.1% which is up by 440 basis points so this was best ever 
quarter for Pizza Hut in terms of revenue as well as in terms 
of restaurant margins and within 15.1% if you guys 
remember last time we called out that stores which have 
opened from April 18, 2022 onwards over the last four years 
those are delivering mid to high teens level of profitability 
and stores prior to April 18, 2022 while they are converted 
to Omni channel because of their insufficient size they 
deliver lower double digit restaurant EBITDA. 
Sanjay Purohit: Our Sri Lanka business in an economy that is still impacted 
continues to do well. The highest or the greatest impact of 
all the disturbances came in perhaps towards the end of 
June, July and August but now things are stabilizing from 
an operations perspective, it is easier to get fuel. There is 
less number of electricity outages, imports again been 
allowed so we are able to get our imported products also in 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 41 
time, cheese, etc., which is very important so operating wise 
the business at least I would say 85% to 90% at a normal 
level. Inflation when we look at the first half would anyway 
close to about 75% to 80% we would have taken price 
increases in the region of about 40% and therefore gross 
margins here have dropped but ADS at a Sri Lanka level 
SSSG grew by 37% and our store openings continue. We 
opened 7 Pizza Huts and one Taco Bell. We are also seeing 
reasonably good traction on Taco Bell even though it is just 
7 stores today, but potentially at some point in time it could 
be another driver of growth in Sri Lanka. Our new products 
continue to do well so the brand is in a strong position and 
when I look at October so improvement in operating 
conditions; however, inflation is still there and given that 
wage inflation is not in line with the general inflation there 
will be pressure on consumer discretionary categories and 
from a transaction level I feel that we will see pressure as 
we go forward. The quick financials Vijay will talk about. 
Vijay Jain: 
Page 36 overall SSSG 37% with ADS in Lankan rupees at 
Rs.335000. If you look at the Indian rupees, impacted by 
translation of currency of almost 40% impact or 
depreciation. In terms of revenue in Sri Lankan rupees 
Rs.312 Crores revenue for the quarter up by 76% in Indian 
rupees it is Rs.67 Crores up by 2% so still positive even 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 41 
though a big impact on translation of currency. At gross 
margins a drop of 1000 basis points as we saw even in Q1 
there was drop of close to 900 to 950 basis points impacted 
by inflations. Sanjay spoke about the uprising figure is in 
the range of 40% while the inflation was in the range of 75% 
to 80%. Absolute margin still grew by 23% in LKR terms 
while the percentage margin dropped by 550 basis points 
when you compare with normalized EBITDA of last year so 
it has clocked 15% so overall things are more stable in terms 
of as Sanjay said operating conditions be it for availability, 
be it supply chain management, be it power and fuel and as 
indicated earlier this year we expect probably the overall 
year where revenue to grow by 20% to 30% in Lankan 
rupees. We would be happy if we are able to hold or 
marginally grow our EBITDA at Lankan level. In LKR 
terms of course we will have a depreciation impact of 40%, 
which means at a corporate EBITDA level on annual basis 
there would be an impact of Rs.15 Crores to Rs.20 Crores 
in Indian rupees. Having said that the India business has 
more than able to cover for a deficit on the Lanka business 
and this now comes only 10% to 11% of mix at corporate 
EBITDA level. That is it guys. Thank you. I will hand it 
over to Vikram for the Q&A session. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 41 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will 
now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. The first question is from the line of 
Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: My question is on the margins you mentioned there is a 300 
basis points hit on gross margins so what is the plan to 
counter that, is it that you see the commodities coming down 
and that itself will take care of it and if so to what extent and 
do you think any more price increases are necessary that is 
the first part of the question and the second part of the 
question is that assuming that you recover this 300 basis 
points over the next two to three quarters does that mean 
that your EBITDA margin also versus the 11% to 11.5% 
you have done this quarter does it mean it goes up to 14% 
plus when that happens or it does not translate that way? 
Sanjay Purohit: I just let me take KFC example, I think we have got one 
balancing act to do between pricing and the impact of the 
pricing on consumer demand therefore we have taken 9% 
versus inflation of mid teens been able to still hold on to 
very strong SSSGs and despite 310 basis points in gross 
margins EBITDA margins just dropped by 80. Now we do 
another calculation and let us take mid teens price increase 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 41 
and if it leads to a very poor SSSGs then the leverage impact 
will vanish and therefore it can have a detrimental impact 
on restaurant EBITDA so this is something that along with 
Yum we are monitoring at a close level. We are not seeing 
commodity prices coming down at an overall level 
significantly. Some places it is coming down for example 
oil has come down but for both the brands inflation versus 
last year continues to be at this level. Now are there 
opportunities to take price increases I think we will be very 
cautious about some of the price increases so I will say gross 
margins perhaps will see some marginal improvement 
towards end of Q3 and beginning of Q4 but would not see 
any dramatic improvement in gross margins. Having said 
that restaurant EBITDA in Q3 because of better sales 
compared to Q2 we will see some leverage coming out of 
that and I am hoping that the restaurant EBITDA margins 
improve. 
Vijay Jain: 
Just to add to that Percy we have always called out that our 
focus is more at a restaurant EBITDA margins level and we 
always try and take the impact in our stride on gross margins 
and still deliver, sustain and improve upon restaurant 
EBITDA margins so that journey will still continue where 
while you may not see a full recovery on gross margins and 
marginal recovery but our cost management and the SSSG 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 41 
which will gives us leverage will help us move towards that 
restaurant EBITDA margins the ideal margin which we are 
looking for. 
Percy Panthaki: If the interest costs comes off in future do you think you 
would retain that benefit or in one way or the other not 
through MRP but through extra promotions or something 
like that a large part of that would get passed through to the 
consumer? 
Sanjay Purohit: Let us wait and watch if it comes down Percy and it will be 
all combination of what SSSGs and what growths we are 
seeing at that point in time and based on that we will take a 
call Percy. 
Percy Panthaki: One small question I had was on corporate expenses, the 
corporate expenses that I am deriving for this quarter are 
about 5.6% of sales versus in Q1 it was 5.1% of sales so 
there is a 50 basis points operating deleverage on a 
sequential basis so am I reading too much into this or do you 
think there is scope for this corporate expenses itself to be 
like over the next six to eight quarters can be 100 basis 
points driver of margins or something like that? 
Sanjay Purohit: We will not comment on a specific line and give specific 
line guidance. Having said that Q2 corporate cost is also 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 41 
impacted by the ESOPs grant which happened towards the 
latter half of Q1 so Q1 did not see probably the full impact 
of that so that has probably contributed 30 basis points in 
this. Yes marginal impact has also happened on account of 
leverage on account of lower sales. As the revenue builds 
up happen our corporate cost which is a combination of 
corporate cost and regional team will definitely grow lower 
than the revenue growth so you will see some leverage 
happening quarter-on-quarter or more logically year-on-
year on corporate cost because on quarter-on-quarter 
seasonality also plays out so you will see some leverage I 
will not put that leverage. 
Percy Panthaki: This ESOP cost of 30 basis points does it continue into the 
coming quarters as well? 
Sanjay Purohit: Q2 is now representative of the ESOP cost so it is full ESOP 
cost which have got built in. in fact what may happen is after 
March 2023 when some ESOP gets vested it may come 
down slightly in fact. 
Percy Panthaki: Okay that is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nihal 
Jham from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 41 
Nihal Jham: 
Thank you so much and good evening to the management. 
Sir a couple of questions. First on the KFC part because you 
were highlighting the seasonality generally what is the 
impact from Q1 to Q2 in ADS that happens because of as 
you said higher instance of vegetarian in the areas we 
operate? 
Vijay Jain: 
Nihal very difficult to put an exact ratio because what 
happens is the religious festivals the days can move between 
Q2 and Q3 and then last two years COVID has actually 
played havoc with trends analysis so very difficult to put 
actual number. For example even this quarter you saw 
Navratri part of Navratri coming in September last week 
whereas last year the entire Navratri was in October so very 
difficult to put. What I can say is that this year the dip which 
we are seeing is similar to the dips which we have seen in 
pre COVID times. 
Sanjay Purohit: Having said that Q1 our overall ADS was in the region of 
144, our overall ADS in Q2 is 134 so there is a 7% give or 
take because new store impact from quarter-to-quarter 
would not be high so that is the kind of impact we see over 
the full quarter Nihal. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. The only reason I am asking because you have 
highlighted inflation so if there was exaggerated impact of 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 41 
footfalls or something but I will take the number that you 
are giving that this is represented. 
Sanjay Purohit: I called out and that was one worry that we had that with 
inflation and with vegetarian days would it impact 
transactions but we are really happy with the kind of SSSG 
growth that we have seen because dine in has been strong 
their transaction growth has been strong and we have also 
seen it translates into SSSG growth also. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. Taking two questions on Pizza Hut and first is 
if you could again highlight on the flavour fun which you 
highlighted from July have been promoting and the second 
is if you could separately call out the margins for a new 
format stores if that is the right term I will be done with? 
Thank you. 
Vijay Jain: 
The second question is first. We have said that the stores 
which have opened from April 18, 2022 onwards and it is 
not a new format it is all way operative Omni channel stores 
whether it is old or new. The April 18, 2022 onwards are 
more compact ones compared to the size which we were 
operating earlier which we inherited in legacy so the 
compact ones are delivering anywhere from mid to high 
teens. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 41 
Sanjay Purohit: On flavour fun the response has been very positive and 
loathe to call out a specific number on flavour fun because 
it is just really too early days and while we always say that 
there is a seasonality impact on KFC there is also some 
seasonality impact that happens in Pizza Hut also so I think 
we should wait for three to four quarters and look at how 
this specific innovation goes. Undoubtedly it is leading to 
transaction growth and from an anecdotal basis the kind of 
customers we are seeing coming to our stores and ordering 
is definitely these consumers might not have come in the 
past so that value layer under Rs.100 like we called out even 
in the last earnings call is the important future driver of 
growth. I hope we answered your question Nihal. 
Nihal Jham: 
Very much thank you so much. I will come back in the 
queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have the next question from the line of 
Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I just wanted to check what 
is the typical growth trend in ADS from Q2 to Q3 because 
Q2 generally is a weak quarter for KFC so if you can just 
help me with the historical trends it would be helpful? 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 41 
Vijay Jain: 
ADS is also a function of how many new stores you are 
opening. When you look at a historical trend we were not 
expanding so much so it may not be the representative. The 
new store additions do dilute to some extent the overall 
ADS. Having said that we have seen a drop of 5% to 7% 
vis-à-vis Q1 something of in that range it could be anywhere 
between that 4% to 8% so I would not put a specific number 
to it but that could be the range on Q3 versus Q2. 
Sanjay Purohit: Devanshu Sanjay here I just want to interrupt. I think I heard 
Vijay say decrease in Q3 versus Q2 actually it is between 
4% to 8% increase in Q3 versus Q2. 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes Sir I got that. I understood it as an increase only Yes 
Sir. 
Vijay Jain: 
We just wanted to clarify for the benefit of everyone. 
Sanjay Purohit: There are 260 people on the call so there should not be 260 
minus Devanshu all of them freezing and saying my God 
this quarter we are going to be lower than Q2 so I just clarify 
for that sake. Go ahead with your question again please 
Devanshu. 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes Sir so I was indicating that Pizza Hut has seen a very 
encouraging performance with 23% SSSG this quarter I 
wanted to check if there was any sort of a low base element 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 41 
for you last year for Pizza Hut format due to operating 
conditions, etc.? 
Sanjay Purohit: I would say there was very marginally lower base. I would 
say malls were at say 90% recovery last year versus what 
they would normally be but I think it is minimal so base is 
not the issue. 
Vijay Jain: 
So marginally it is a small impact and may be a pocket 
territory like Maharashtra where the conditions got slightly 
more favorable in operating from October onwards 
September towards the end of September but then that is a 
marginal impact in the base. 
Devanshu Bansal: Lastly Sir if you can talk about the trends in terms of SSSG 
for the festive season it would be very helpful for both the 
formats? 
Sanjay Purohit: The festive season is over so we have given you the SSSG 
numbers the quarter numbers are you talking about Q3 or 
what are you talking about? 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes festive season in Q3 some outlook if you can provide 
then it will be very helpful. 
Sanjay Purohit: We can predict our business but we are not soothsayers here 
and therefore what Vijay said roughly we have seen 4% to 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 41 
8% increase over Q2 I think that is about as much that I am 
able to perhaps predict. 
Vijay Jain: 
That is for KFC just to call out clarify again Pizza Hut does 
not get so impacted by seasonality anyway so Q2 was the 
best ever quarter so the ADS of Pizza Hut which was 64000 
in Q2 does not have any seasonality impact so we hope we 
continue on the same trajectory for Pizza Hut. 
Devanshu Bansal: Got it Vijay. That is it from mine. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have the next question from the line of 
Kapil Jagasia from Edelweiss Broking. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Jagasia: First of all congratulations for a great set of numbers Sir. 
Sanjay Purohit: Kapil you are the first person who has congratulated us 
normally Percy is the first person who says good set of 
numbers but this time Percy for some reason was very 
muted so thank you Kapil. 
Kapil Jagasia: Sure. Sir the store opening run rate has been very healthy in 
H1 so would we be eligible for incentives from Yum this 
year too and what would be the quantum? 
Sanjay Purohit: So just to clarify I think you are referring to the incentives 
which we actually had last year so as per our contract every 
year incentives we have been getting incentives over the last 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 41 
five years we will continue to get incentives over the next 
five years as well that is not going to change, what we called 
out last year was there was an additional component on 
account of COVID, because of COVID our targets were 
revised and we were given some additional incentives that 
is all we have called out. Those current set of numbers are 
representative in terms of incentive calculations you will not 
see a reduction in terms of incentives, you will not see 
increase in terms of incentives. 
Kapil Jagasia: That is very much there and just wanted to understand your 
takeaway channel because if I just see in terms of during 
COVID probably people might be sitting in and taking away 
the pizza or KFC items but now with nothing there no 
restriction is there would it clearly a dine in or a delivery 
channel because I am just trying to understand why the 
takeaway still at 20% of sales like what is like any drivers 
for it or how do you see this channel growing going 
forward? 
Sanjay Purohit: Takeaway has always been a double digit channel for us 
even in the past and proximity to store enables this 
takeaway, in many of our malls format stores and drive 
through stores, we say that when a person purchases in the 
drive through that comes under takeaway. Having said that 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 26 of 41 
I think now I will just refer to a global trend that we are 
seeing and perhaps that will play out in India sometime. If 
you look at globally delivery now delivery prices are 
substantially higher than either dine in or takeaway prices 
and apparently there is a global trend where consumers look 
at these delivery prices and if they are in the vicinity of the 
store preferred to come and take away because it is little 
more economical perhaps something like that we are seeing 
in India because our takeaway portions are slightly better 
than what has been there in the past but again compared to 
what happened during COVID it is not better than what 
happened during COVID so it has reduced a little bit so I 
think it has traditionally been a strong double digit 
contributing channel for us and the behavior that started 
during COVID period when takeaway increased that sort of 
continues even when COVID is off and neighborhood 
restaurants and access to a restaurant drives really takeaway. 
Vijay Jain: 
Just to add to that our Omni channel strategy where all the 
three channels are available actually puts us in a strong 
position that you can take advantage of one channel versus 
the other. All the three channels are available in the fire 
formats be it Pizza Hut it is Omni channel and be it KFC it 
is Omni channel. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 27 of 41 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of C 
Kishore from Chola MS. Please go ahead. 
C Kishore: 
Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. I just 
want to understand what is the average size of the new stores 
that you are opening and I want to understand going forward 
would it be safe to assume that the future would be towards 
let us say smaller store sizes so that the unit economics 
actually work out better? Thank you. 
Vijay Jain: 
So our sizes for KFC are in the range of 1500 square foot to 
1600 square foot, Pizza Hut in 1200 square foot. The 
reductions in sizes have happened over the last five to six 
years that I want to call out it is not just a COVID 
phenomenon that we have cut down the sizes it happened 
with calculations in terms of the covers, table turns, and with 
the advent of delivery channels, partnering with aggregators 
meant that we can be a more Omni channel player so that is 
how the decision has happened. While the reduction in sizes 
happen again just to clarify will not impact our capacity to 
serve customers so the ADS throughput can be considerably 
higher than what we delivered right now. At the levels 
where we are we do not expect in the medium term or 
dramatic or a further reduction in the sizes as we move 
forward because you require X amount of capacity sitting 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 28 of 41 
capacity for your dine in channel to be relevant, any cut 
downs from here on would compromise that particular 
channel. 
C Kishore: 
Fair enough. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of 
Ashish Kumar from Infinity Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kumar: Thank you Sir and congratulations for a good set of results. 
Sir if you compare our pace of store addition while we have 
kind of comment significantly from where we were last year 
the question which I have is that when we compare to our 
peer group they seem to be opening almost double this 
number of stores on the KFC plus Pizza Hut India do you 
think we have a part to kind of get to catch up with them in 
terms of the same store sales because from GDP perspective 
we kind of split the GDP 50:50 right? 
Sanjay Purohit: I think the pace of our expansion is in line with what we 
have said consistently over the last one year that we hope to 
double our restaurant base of about 550 stores at the end of 
December 2021 and that gives us roughly in the region of 
130 to 160 stores between these numbers and all three 
businesses Pizza Hut, KFC and Sri Lanka will be roughly 
be able to deliver this kind of pace for expansion. Now this 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 29 of 41 
is what we are happy and comfortable with. I think this is a 
factor when you look at pace of expansion it is pace of 
expansion into the ADS that you are able to get out of a new 
store and if you look at I do not think we have compromised 
in any way with respect to our peers. 
Vijay Jain: 
So just to add Sanjay said you mean doubling in three to 
four years time vis-à-vis the numbers which we had in 
December 2021 and again our guiding factor would not be 
what Pizza Hut is doing our guiding factor would be our 
levels, our strike rates, our paybacks that is our internal 
measures which we use and that is why we feel we are 
comfortable with doubling the count over three to four 
years. On the point which you just made the GDP wise the 
territory distribution is 50:50 I would like to clarify the 
territories which KFC operates for us they contributes 56% 
to India’s GDP, for Pizza Hut the territories which we 
operate is roughly 57% of India’s GDP. 
Ashish Kumar: Which is where I was coming from and maybe yes you are 
right that this is in line with the guidance that you have given 
but given the fact that we are seeing an environment where 
in the shift towards branded players like yourselves is 
significantly higher if I were to say does it make sense to it 
and we have a balance sheet with very healthy cash accruals 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 30 of 41 
and healthy internal accruals does it make sense to kind of 
exercise the pace of rollout given the fact that you have a 
higher footprint of the country it is a question of if you do 
not do it then somebody like Popeyes may come and kind 
of capture the space it is a question of land grab? 
Sanjay Purohit: So I do not think it is a question of land grab Ashish. As I 
said there are many things that need to be balanced. At this 
rate the ADS that we get and therefore the new store 
payback that we get are healthy. Anyone I think will be or 
there will be few players who can match this rate of 
expansion, deliver the kind of returns that we are looking at 
so the short answer is this is the rate of expansion that we 
are looking at this stage. 
Ashish Kumar: Okay and coming back I am sorry I missed a little bit of the 
call when there was an issue on the gross margin do we 
believe that we can get back to our historical gross margins 
in the next couple of quarters? 
Sanjay Purohit: So I believe you are referring to KFC in particular? 
Ashish Kumar: Absolutely. 
Sanjay Purohit: So while again this gross margin drop of 300 basis points 
happened our restaurant EBITDA dropped by only 80 basis 
points so that is the way we are focusing. The idea is not to 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 31 of 41 
take a price increase in inflation and probably potentially 
impact our revenue and transaction so we are happy with 
where the price increase stays right now. Yes marginally we 
expect the gross margins to come back towards the second 
half of Q3 and starting Q4 marginally but on improving the 
restaurant EBITDA which would happen with the 
improvement in sales which we are anyway sitting in Q3 
over Q2 because the vegetarian days are now over in terms 
of the festivities, but the focus is more on the restaurant 
EBITDA margin and how do we sustain and drive restaurant 
EBITDA margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of 
Jignesh Kamani from Gmo. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: Just with the gross margins front we have seen the milk 
prices increased by Rs.3 to Rs.4 last month and hence 
cheese and all the other products so do you think it is still 
some of the element of the gross margin and raw material 
still continue to rise and will have further impact on the 
gross margins in the second half at least for the pizza if not 
for KFC? 
Sanjay Purohit: So I mentioned this right at the beginning that there are 
some items where prices have come down, some items 
where as you rightly said milk prices have gone up and 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 32 of 41 
therefore potentially over the next three to four months will 
have an impact on dairy products that we consume also so 
overall I think inflation will continue at the levels that we 
have seen in the first half so I am saying the deviation from 
this will be marginal it is not going to go down dramatically, 
it is not going to go up dramatically. 
Jignesh Kamani: Understood. Second thing on the flavour fun based on the 
initial experiments are we seeing more downtrading or new 
customer is taking care of any small downtrading is 
happening? 
Sanjay Purohit: So like I said it is too early to call it on flavour fun it is just 
that we are getting and I am sure we are getting higher level 
of transaction growth than we have got earlier so net-net it 
is positive. We are not going into great specifics on this 
Jignesh so forgive me for that. 
Jignesh Kamani: No issues. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of 
Heeru Tejwani from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Heeru Tejwani: Good evening Sanjay and Vijay. My question is on a very 
comprehensive and macro level to Sanjay other than India 
or Sri Lanka like in the QSR space other peer groups are 
growing in other countries so it is obviously from the 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 33 of 41 
question on increasing stores would you look at strategically 
introducing any other country in the near future? 
Sanjay Purohit: It is too hypothetical a question Heeru at this moment. 
Vijay Jain: 
Having said that we have always called out in terms of our 
strategy that apart from organic growth in terms of KFC and 
Pizza Hut restaurant additions in terms of inorganic growth 
we would love to have a third brand at some point in time. 
If not in the short term may be in the medium term and that 
is where we will leave it at. Now whether it could be new 
territory or new brand in India it is too early to hypothetical 
to comment. 
Sanjay Purohit: I think largely one of the considerations is that it should be 
able to offer similar kind of growth trajectories as India 
offers so if anything that is not offering the kind of India’s 
growth trajectory another territory then I think we will be 
very, very circumspect. 
Vijay Jain: 
The mantras for those identification of brand we have listed 
in our annual report so if you go page to 35 there are seven 
mantras which defines where you want to have scale and 
success both then that would go into our choice of the third 
brand so you can refer to the page 35 of our annual report as 
well. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 34 of 41 
Heeru Tejwani: Sure thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of 
Kalpit Narvekar from Allianz Global Investors. Please go 
ahead. 
Kalpit Narvekar: Good evening and congrats on the results of the quarter. I 
had two questions. I want to understand how this essentially 
if you have done any studies on the demand elasticity say at 
the young level or for the product categories like KFC and 
Pizza Hut right so if like how does the prize hike affects 
volume growth like say in the past in the past cycles if you 
have done any studies and if you have any sort of color on 
that? 
Sanjay Purohit: So Kalpit actually we are in new territory here, over the last 
five or six years we have not had an inflation of this level 
and hence there is very little past data to fall back on. I am 
just looking at my old consumer product experience that 
says that in general there is an impact on any discretionary 
income categories there is an impact when you take severe 
price increases so the best way to find out actually is to 
experiment and in general we feel that if we are able to 
restrict price increases in the region of between 60% and 
70% of inflation and then find the economies of scale 
elsewhere it works well because the product then becomes 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 35 of 41 
more affordable over a period of time. I think we have used 
similar kind of understanding when we have taken price 
increases this year also, but there is no hard and fast 
heuristics that shows the demand elasticity. I think we have 
just got to do something and then see how it plays out. I 
think the fact that we have kept price increases to the level 
that we had in Q2 compared to the inflation and it has borne 
out with SSSG means that at least right now it has worked 
in the quarter that has gone by. 
Kalpit Narvekar: Great Sir. That is helpful and my second question was on 
the delivery fees so how much of the delivery fees is through 
our own delivery system and what is the strategy in terms of 
expansion of our own delivery network? 
Vijay Jain: 
The breakup for both the branches will different KFC would 
be 90% approximately and I am giving you very 
approximate numbers 90% through aggregators and the rest 
delivery Pizza Hut would be 80:20 ratio so our plans for our 
own delivery in terms of our systems or app, the kind of 
offers which we have on our platform they continue to be 
there for the last two to three years and they continue to 
grow well. What is happening at the same time aggregator 
continues to pump in money they are growing really well so 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 36 of 41 
the mix is not changing. However our own delivery as well 
as aggregator both the platforms are growing healthily. 
Sanjay Purohit: Typically we would have stopped our call work for an hour 
but we are quite happy to continue it if people on the call 
are also willing to continue so we will take our next call 
therefore Vikram. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have the next question from the line of 
Harsh Mulchandani from KRIIS PMS. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations Sir 
for a good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand that 
do you track the set of repeat customers at your end and how 
does that number look like on a quarter-to-quarter basis? 
Sanjay Purohit: So I do not have those numbers offhand with me I must 
confess Harsh so if necessary we can get back later but I do 
not have those have numbers offhand with me. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Okay sure no worries and I have another question 
on the prices so just want to understand that you operate 
across states so your prices are consistent across states 
where you operate or they are different? 
Sanjay Purohit: Yes we are consistent all India. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 37 of 41 
Vijay Jain: 
They will be different across channels so for example 
delivery channel may have slightly higher prices for KFC in 
particular, in Pizza Hut even that is not the case, otherwise 
from state-to-state and territory-to-territory the prices are 
consistent. 
Sanjay Purohit: We also have some premium price stores but that is about 
difference otherwise pricing is consistent across the 
country. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Got it fair and just to compare it with the price with 
the other operators for Pizza Hut which operates in India so 
the prices with them is also similar or you have a different 
pricing? 
Vijay Jain: 
It is Pan India similar so irrespective of the stores are 
operated by the sister franchise or by Sapphire the pricing 
strategy is consistent not just for Pizza Hut even for KFC 
across all states and all territories. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Got it fair. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of 
Ameya Gawande from Metaverse Equity Fund. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 38 of 41 
Ameya Gawande: Thank you for the opportunity so Sir my question is what 
growth you are anticipating within the next three years 
particularly in Sri Lanka? 
Vijay Jain: 
So Sri Lanka as we had called out already this year we are 
seeing 20% to 30% growth and the macroeconomic 
situation while it has stabilized continues to remain critical 
so would be very full heartedly to probably try and predict 
three years from right now for Sri Lanka. We will take a 
quarter at a time, let us see in the next six months time where 
we reach and may be then we can have this conversation. 
Ameya Gawande: Sure Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pujan 
Shah from Congruence Advisers. Please go ahead. 
Pujan Shah: 
I just wanted to know what is the advertisement spend we 
are doing on the percentage basis? 
Vijay Jain: 
So as per the contract with Yum we are required to spend 
5% for a national campaign which we contribute to Yum 
and along with the sister franchise which is used for Pan 
India marketing and one person for local sales marketing 
which we spend internally. 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 39 of 41 
Pujan Shah: 
So as the geographical wise our sister concern and all our 
companies do we have any segregated advertisement spend 
or we have collective advertisement spend on the basis of 
this franchise base? 
Vijay Jain: 
So the segregation is only 1% where it is local marketing 
where we used to spend into our territories, for the 5% it is 
a national approved which is used for Pan India marketing. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay got it. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of 
Dhairya Trivedi from DJT Investments. Please go ahead. 
Dhairya Trivedi: I have a couple of book keeping questions what is the 
likely tax rate for this financial year? 
Sanjay Purohit: So this financial year it is unlikely that we will have a tax 
outflow because we have enough carry forward of losses. I 
guess we get into the tax sale time next year may be towards 
second half probably and then going forward a year later we 
will fall into 25% tax regimen so that is probably couple of 
years away. 
Dhairya Trivedi: Okay got it. Another one on the royalty front what is the 
royalty that we are paying to the master franchise at the 
current stage? 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 40 of 41 
Sanjay Purohit: First of all we do not pay to the master we are the master 
franchise we pay royalty to Yum. 
Vijay Jain: 
As per agreement it is 6.3% but again we have called out 
there would be waivers depending upon the store opening 
plan but the base number is 6.3%. 
Dhairya Trivedi: Is it likely to go up in the next year or so? 
Vijay Jain: 
So our royalty of 6.3% has been consistent for the last few 
years, in fact for Yum it has been consistent globally we do 
not expect this to either come down or go up that is the rate 
which Yum follows globally for quite a few years across all 
territories. 
Dhairya Trivedi: Okay got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end 
of the question and answer session and I would like to hand 
the conference back over to Mr. Sanjay Purohit for closing 
comments. Over to you Sir! 
Sanjay Purohit: So first of all thank you all for joining. We had a really good 
question and answer session. At the end of a quarter where 
which was potentially challenging but we have been able to 
navigate these turbulent waters quite well and from a 
demand perspective both brands were strong in Sri Lanka, 

 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
November 03, 2022 
 
Page 41 of 41 
also business was strong and our old adage where we said 
that let us not look at gross margins but see what is the 
impact of price increases on volume and if we are able to 
maintain volume and therefore grow same store sales 
growth we are able to get leverage and that is how it has 
played out in Q2 and therefore our restaurant EBITDA 
margins have been quite strong. The drop versus last year 
quarter on KFC has been quite minimal and the India 
restaurant EBITDA both brands put together actually went 
up by 40 basis points. I am quite looking forward to Q3 and 
Q4 and ending the year also on a strong note. Having said 
that we will see you at the turn of the New Year and 
therefore best wishes for the New Year in advance to all of 
you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf 
of Sapphire Foods India Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
