                                                                            
                                                                             TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE                       
                                                     8th Floor, Express Trade Towers,  
15-16, Sector – 16A, Noida – 201301, U.P. 
                                                                                                  Tel  91 120 4308000 / Fax 91 120 4311010-11 
Regd. Office :  A-44, Hosiery  Complex, Phase –II Extn., Noida – 201 305, U.P 
CIN No. L29110UP1995PLC041834  
 
 
 
  
 
Date:  November 10, 2022                          
  
BSE Ltd. 
e-mail- corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Thru : BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
e-mail cmlist@nse.co.in 
Thru : NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 533655 
STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE 
  
  
Dear Sirs, 
  
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/ Investor’s Conference Call 
  
Further to our letter dated November 3 , 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
Analysts/ Investor’s call held on 3rd November, 2022 on the financial results for the Q2  & half year  
ended on 30th September,2022. The same is being made available on the Company’s website at: 
https.www.triveniturbines.com at the following link :  
 
https://www.triveniturbines.com/sites/default/files/uploads/investor/TTL_EarningsCallTranscript_FY2
3_2Q_Final.pdf 
 
 
      
Kindly take the same on record. 
  
Thanking You, 
  
 For Triveni Turbine Limited 
  
  
  
Rajiv Sawhney 
Company Secretary 
Membership No A 8047 
 
Encl : As above  
  
 
RAJIV 
SAWHNEY
Digitally signed by 
RAJIV SAWHNEY 
Date: 2022.11.10 
14:43:00 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 03, 2022 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and a warm welcome to all of you participating in 
the Q2 and H1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call of Triveni Turbine 
Limited. We have with us today on the call Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Arun Mote, Executive 
Director; Mr. Sachin Parab, President - Global Sales, Aftermarket and 
Ms. Surabhi Chandna, Investor Relations and Value Creation along 
with other members of the senior management team. Before we begin, 
I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature. And a statement to this 
effect has been included in the invite which was mailed to everybody 
earlier. 
 
I would also like to emphasize that while this call is open to all 
invitees, it may not be broadcasted or reproduced in any form or 
manner. We will start this call with opening remarks from the 
management following which we will have an interactive question-
and-answer session. I now request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney to share some 
perspectives with you with regard to the operations and outlook for the 
business. Over to you sir. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, Rishab. A very good morning, everyone. And 
welcome to the Q2 / H1 FY 23 earnings call for Triveni Turbine 
Limited. It's my great pleasure to address you today, given the record 
performance that we've had on a number of parameters, our top line 
EBITDA, our order booking which all bodes very well for this current 
year as well as for the year to come. But to get into some details, the 
performance of the Company during the quarter under the review has 
been very impressive, with the turnover and profitability growing by 
41.9% and 53.8% respectively when comparing to the corresponding 
quarter of last year, excluding exceptional income. 

 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
The Company is well on track for a strong multiyear growth trajectory 
aided by positive momentum in its addressable markets, ably 
supported by focused business strategy and extremely capable 
execution. The revenue as I said for the second quarter stood at ₹ 2.93 
billion which is a growth of 41.9% and the highest ever on a quarterly 
basis. The domestic sales showed an increase of 17% to ₹ 1.64 billion, 
while the export turnover increased by 93% to ₹ 1.29 billion driven by 
the Company's success in international markets in both the below 30 
MW and the above 30 MW segments in the post-pandemic time. 
 
As a result, the mix of domestic and export sales changed to 56% and 
44% export in Q2 FY 23 as compared to 68% domestic, 32% export in 
Q2 FY 22. The product segment turnover was ₹ 2.23 billion during the 
quarter, an increase of 48% and aftermarket turnover was ₹ 700 
million during the quarter, a growth of 25% over the previous year. As 
you could see aftermarket contributed 24% of total turnover in Q2 FY 
23 versus 27% in Q2 FY 22. EBITDA for the quarter was at ₹ 664 
million, up 39.2% year-on-year with a margin of 22.7% which is again 
another record for quarterly performance. 
 
PAT for the quarter was at ₹ 463 million, an increase of 53.8% year-
on-year. As I said, the highest ever quarterly order book we also 
recorded in this quarter, and which was at ₹ 3.61 billion registering an 
increase of 18% over the last year. Our record order booking for the 
half year of ₹ 7.19 billion during H1 was an increase of 23.9% year-
on-year and now outstanding carry forward order book as of 30 
September stands at ₹ 11.37 billion, an increase of 37.3% which is 
again another record for the Company. Investments including cash 
stands at ₹ 7.83 billion, an increase of 4.3% from 31st of March '22. 
 
I will talk about more about order booking. On the product side, order 
booking during the quarter was at ₹ 2.72 billion which is higher than 
17% when compared with the corresponding period of the previous 
year, and this is the sixth consecutive quarter of the Company 
clocking over ₹ 2 billion in order booking for the product segment. 
The Aftermarket segment also recorded an 18% increase in its order 
booking to ₹ 886 million in this current quarter. 
 
At the half year mark, order booking in H1 as I said, stands at a record 
₹ 7.19 billion and growing a healthy 23.9% over last year. Noticeably 
export contribution has increased to 39.5% and order booking for the 
Aftermarket segment has also shown a solid growth of 44.7% over the 

 
Page 3 of 21 
 
last year reaching a record ₹ 1.9 billion in the first half. This all spells 
very favorably for the years to come. But as I will try to give you 
confidence during the later part of my remarks, H2 seems to be even 
better and we are quite optimistic on all performance metrics of sales, 
profitability, order booking, which all spells very well for the years to 
come. 
 
The total outstanding order book as I already said stands at ₹ 11.37 
billion as on the 30th of September, which is increase of 37% when 
compared to the previous year, and the domestic outstanding order 
book stood at ₹ 6.46 billion, and the export outstanding order book 
stands at ₹ 4.91 billion, which contributes 43% of the closing order 
book. 
 
In the product segment from an order booking perspective, we have 
received a high number of inquiries from the international markets, 
our growth in international market inquiries has grown by over 50% in 
this current quarter. At the same time, domestic inquiries, specifically 
led by a decline in Metals and Mining segment, where the domestic 
market has declined by about 19% in the current quarter, but on 
overall basis, the entire inquiry book for Triveni Turbines has grown 
by over 26% in this current quarter. 
 
This is coming from a variety of different segments, Triveni Turbines 
is a preeminent supplier of thermal renewable solutions to both 
independent power producers as well as industry and we continue to 
maintain both our domestic as well as global leading market positions. 
In India, we have a dominant market position. Increasingly in the 
international market, we are making great headway. 
 
Market segments in which they are arriving from include solid 
municipal waste incineration, in which we have received orders in the 
higher than 30 MW category in this current quarter, which again 
strengthens our market position as a dominant supplier into this 
market segment of municipal solid waste incineration globally. This is 
for an order from West Asia and we have other successes in this area 
as well. 
 
We have also received orders from Southeast Asia, Europe and North 
America in this current quarter, which gives us confidence in terms of 
the recovery in these markets as they open up.  The requirements stem 
like I said not only from thermal renewable solutions, but also from 
industrial CapEx, which is happening in terms of fixed capital 

 
Page 4 of 21 
 
formation in a variety of different industries. This seems to be led by 
process cogeneration and heating requirements for a variety of 
industries, but also in terms of independent power production based on 
biomass and other renewable fuels. 
 
The Company also is performing exceedingly well in its API market 
segments. And that is a market segment that is growing quite rapidly 
for us. And our developments in this line place us at the forefront of 
technology that is being provided to our clients in this market 
segment. We provide both single stage and multistage designs which 
are extremely energy efficient and have an extremely good payback 
for our customers. 
 
On the Aftermarket side, the Company continues to grow across three 
market segments of refurbishment, spares and service. In the 
traditional business, energy enhancements and upgrades have 
significantly contributed to both the international and domestic market 
orders. As I had alluded to in our last quarterly call, we have picked 
up a significant order in the South African Development Community 
(SADC) area, for servicing of large utility turbines. These are orders 
which contribute not only a lot to our top line, but also to the 
capability of the Company to get further work with our clients to 
move up the value chain to get an increasing number of spares and 
other higher-value higher-margin orders. 
 
This order in specific in the half year contributed to approximately ₹ 
13 odd crore of cost which was included in other expenses, as you will 
see. There will be other expenses such as this coming in the future 
quarters. And while the margin level for these orders is lower than our 
typical Aftermarket segment, we as a company given the growth 
operating leverage, mix in export versus domestic reduction in 
material costs are confident of maintaining margins in the short, 
medium and long-term for the Company. 
 
Our focus is on growth and as I had alluded to in our previous 
conference call about a growth of over 35% odd in the current year 
and next year, we are quite confident given the state where our order 
book lies to be able to achieve these numbers, if not try to exceed 
them. 
 
Given the growth, given the high return metrics of the Company, and 
given the fact that really the Company does not have much use of its 
capital, its cash in bank, the Board of Directors have decided to do a 

 
Page 5 of 21 
 
buy back in this current quarter and subject to the approval of 
shareholders, the Board has approved a proposal to buy back from 
equity shareholders of the Company up to 5.28571 million equity 
shares at a price of ₹ 350 per equity share for an aggregate amount not 
exceeding ₹ 190 crore through a tender offer on a proportionate basis 
in accordance with the provisions of SEBI Buyback of Securities 
Regulation 2018 and the Companies Act 2013. 
 
This is a request that we have received from many shareholders and 
especially our large and largest mutual fund shareholders in India. We 
believe that this is a good way to return a chunk of money to all 
shareholders. The performance of the previous buyback that the 
Company did in February 2019 has a subscription of over 184% and 
small shareholders had a subscription of over 2000% in that buy back. 
So, we're quite confident that this will be taken very favourably by 
shareholders and seen as a means by which the Company looks to 
return capital to shareholders. The promoters will be participating in 
this buy back as well.  
 
Having said that, now our R&D continues to perform exceedingly 
well. We are focusing on further Intellectual Property (IP) 
development on all existing product lines in terms of improving our 
blades, blade parts, structure analysis and other parts of the turbine. 
While at the same time, our developments on future technologies also 
continues to do very well. We are in the process of piloting certain 
technologies, and we hope to report soon on some progress in these 
lines. With that, I'd be happy to open up for question and answers. I 
have our colleagues on the line as well to help assist in any questions 
you may have. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Kunal Sheth from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Sheth: 
Congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. My first question is 
pertaining to your export market. While you know we have had 
exceptional performance in the export market, generally there has 
been concerns around what is happening around the world in terms of 
slowdown in economic growth. So, if you can share your views about 
what you're hearing from your end markets, especially in the export 
side? 
 

 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. You know, you bring up a very important question because 
there are two factors to the market in which Triveni Turbines operates 
as I've been trying to allude over the last several conference calls, 
Triveni Turbines provides heat and power solutions to industries as 
well as renewable energy-based power solutions to the Independent 
Power Producer (IPP) industry. So very frankly when we see demand 
coming from places like Europe, it is coming from a perspective of 
energy transition, where you have requirements of energy efficiency 
stemming from industrial processes such as waste heat recovery, or 
other biomass based IPP plant. The largest segment of growth in 
markets such as Europe, which is currently under a huge degree of 
energy crisis as well as the conflict. Stems from diversifying their 
energy requirements, so needs such as municipal solid waste 
incineration, as long as the waste exists provide an extremely good 
business case for entrepreneurs or businesses to set up these 
capacities. 
 
And as you know there is ample funding for these types of plants. 
Globally otherwise, you'd have an enormous amount of growth 
happening in agro industries, agro and process industries continue to 
provide growth for us in a variety of different markets, especially 
Southeast Asia, Central America. The API market, as you know given 
the level at which oil and gas prices are at, continues to be quite 
robust. And we are aiming to increase our order book in this segment 
gradually over a period of time, but it will reflect quite well on overall 
order booking. 
 
So, from the perspective of our traditional market below 30 MW, the 
international market seems to be doing quite well. And we are very 
optimistic in the coming quarters to exceed our current performance. 
And the above 30 MW segment also we've had success. And we aim 
to continue pushing in this market segment. Though, of course, it is 
more lumpy than the below 30 MW segment, as you could imagine, 
because of the number of turbine orders that actually do come about. 
The API market segment also continues to grow. A factor which is 
either international growth considerably is is our focus on servicing 
internationally and our aftermarket proposition. 
 
I have a President Aftermarket Sachin on the line. Sachin could you 
give a little bit of indication as to how you see aftermarket growth and 
especially on the international side. 
 

 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Good morning, everyone. I'm glad to actually bring you up to speed 
on the.. 
 
Moderator:  
This is the operator, we have lost the connection to Mr.Parab. You 
may continue in the meanwhile 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay, thank you. I will get Sachin to answer the question when he 
gets back. But if that answers your question, we can go back to the 
next question. 
 
Kunal Sheth: 
Sir, thank you for such an elaborate outlook. My second question is 
pertaining to the margins, you made a comment about that you're quite 
confident about maintaining your margin for this year / current year. 
But would you believe there are also drivers within the business that 
can help you expand margin going ahead, especially that we are also 
talking about increased focus on services? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, I think you see the multiple areas where we can improve 
margins. As I said, operating leverage will allow us to improve 
margins, product mix both in the export domestic as well as 
aftermarket to product will allow us to expand margins. Stability in 
commodity pricing and the fact that most of our rate contracts will 
now be renegotiated at lower rates could mean certain margin 
expansion. 
 
But having said that, we also see expenses along the way. We have 
already expanded our workforce by about 15% compared to last year, 
same period. We aim to increase that more significantly going forward 
to cater to a very large growth coming forward. We also aim to invest 
into R&D and to future-proof ourselves from a technology 
perspective. But at the end of the day, the fact that we're seeing this 
amount of growth. And we are confident that we have pricing ability 
in the market. We have to be cognizant that we don't overcharge our 
customers, because we're playing a longer-term game here. 
 
So, we're confident that we could improve our margins. But why 
constrain growth at this point in time, let us run with growth. We are 
quite confident that we can maintain margins at where we're at. We 
just don't think that there's any reason for us to expand margins at this 
point in time, rather push for greater growth. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Amit Advani from 
Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
Amit Advani: 
Yes, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. So my first question is 
with respect to exports, and you highlighted that we have seen a strong 
pipeline in three, four geographies. If you could just elaborate more, 
where are we seeing the, larger contribution expected to come? You 
mentioned about Southeast Asia, Europe, Africa. So, if you could just 
elaborate more on which part? And which category between like, 0-
30, 30-100 MW we are expecting to receive orders? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, actually, the thing is Triveni Turbines has inquiries from over 
110 countries. And it has an installed base on over 75 countries. So, 
we're quite diverse as far as this goes. So when we talk about demand 
coming from areas like Southeast Asia and Europe and North America 
these are very large markets, and of course, it will be spread between 
countries within them. 
 
Our focus as a company and our competitiveness, and our market 
proposition is always strongest in the thermal renewable segment. So 
of course, a considerable amount of our inquiry and order book is in 
this market segment. As you'd imagine, this is a market segment that 
is also growing in the market, because that is ultimately what finds 
adequate funding and least resistance from the climate change 
supporters. So very frankly, that contributes a lot. Industrial growth by 
itself would contribute maybe about 35-40% of our growth, excluding 
API market. So, we are reasonably insulated, but though we play very 
strongly into the energy transition market. 
 
In the ranges, of course, our historical market of below 30 MW from a 
number of turbines which is always going to contribute far, far more 
significantly than anything above 30 MW. But we have a very good 
headway in this past year since our joint venture with General Electric  
ended in this market segment. And we aim to continue getting orders 
both domestically and internationally from this market. 
 
As I told you our recent order of municipal solid waste incineration 
was for above 30 MW market. And so were our orders earlier in this 
year for waste heat recovery in the steel sector. So, we have 
confidence that is broad based its in terms of geographies. It's driven 
around thermal renewables and new solutions, either directly for grid 
dispatchable power or for internal heating requirements. And yeah, I 
think that's what I can give you right now. 
 

 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Amit Advani: 
Thanks. And with respect to sir inquiries, I think if I heard it right, you 
mentioned that inquiries have grown by almost 27% for this quarter. 
But I think there was a decline in enquiries in domestic market. Is it 
right? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, our enquires overall, over 25%. Internationally, it grew by 58%. 
This is what gives us confidence in international order bookings, in 
the coming quarters in the year. Domestic market enquiries reduced by 
19%. And this was pretty much all driven by the eastern belt of 
mining / metals. 
 
Amit Advani: 
And sir any outlook, are we expecting the same in current quarter? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Our outlook is still equally robust. The market itself for the half year 
in the domestic market was somewhere in excess of 700 plus MW, for 
the below 30 MW category; we didn't have much of any orders above 
30 MW. So, we're confident that year-on-year growth is there. If we 
look at order conversions in certain industries, they seem to be very 
robust, especially in terms of markets, such as paper recycling, new 
markets, such as plastic recycling, et cetera, will be picking up as well. 
 
You have cement expansions and cement waste heat recovery, which 
will be coming up quite seriously in the coming quarters. So we’re 
very positive on the domestic market. As I told you in our previous 
conference call as well, the entire market has a still a long way to go 
before it hits its peak for the domestic side. So, we think that while we 
have an upswing in fixed capital formation, it is nowhere near any 
peak in any manner. So we believe that we will continue to see growth 
in the domestic market in the coming years. But the next two, three 
years we should continue to see it. 
 
 
Amit Advani: 
One last question sir on the SADC you mentioned that it contributed 
around ₹ 13 crore to the cost other expenses and margins typically 
here are lower. So, in this large service turbines what could be the 
market for us and are we expecting the margins also to improve here 
in coming quarters and anything in the pipeline here, apart from 
SADC? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, pipeline has orders from there as well and they will be 
contributing in this financial year as well as next financial year. I think 
Sachin is back, so I let him speak a little bit more about this. But in 
general, the SADC, the reason I highlighted the cost for the half year, 

 
Page 10 of 21 
 
which form the part of other expenses is so that you get understanding 
on the published results as to why other expenses have gone up so 
considerably. And therefore, we will continue to provide notes to 
accounts to give that clarity. 
 
These orders we will aim to improve margins, but it's difficult from 
these particular orders to come back to the general aftermarket 
margins. We think that providing the capability here, the market is 
really giving us credentials for the global market for us to provide this 
as a service provider everywhere. The market is extremely large -- 
extremely, extremely large. So Sachin, can you just provide your 
comments… 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yeah, the specific question was about the SADC market. The services 
market in SADC region is huge. I don't have a figure to share with 
you. But we have a very, very small rather insignificant market share. 
And the reason why we have entered into this strategic services 
contract is so that we can build credibility, create a reference and get 
into the reckoning in other markets as well. 
 
So, there is a lot of headroom in SADC itself for us to grow in the 
services region. And purely from a service standpoint of manpower 
supply, we are aiming to upgrade ourselves in the value chain, and get 
into more of supplies of parts and upgrades, which will actually help 
us in improving the margins even better. So, this is just the beginning 
the foundation being laid in SADC region for the services. 
 
And we are confident that the reference we create here will help us get 
new business in other markets. The market remains extremely large. 
And as I said, the market share is very small, so tremendous head 
room for us for growth. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Sachin, why don't you give an indication of the overall aftermarket 
growth? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
So, this year, we have seen good order booking across the spares, 
services and refurbishment domains of the aftermarket business. The 
growth has been driven significantly by efficiency enhancement and 
upgrade projects. And we see that across the markets more so in the 
Indian context where we find that a lot of customers are finding value 
in getting upgrades done on their turbines. We are seeing good 
traction across Asia and in Africa for all our revenue streams. And the 
growth this year, some of the numbers our Vice Chairman has already 

 
Page 11 of 21 
 
mentioned, we are quite hopeful and confident of achieving the same 
growth numbers in the next year as well. So, the momentum should 
continue for the services business. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay 
from O3 Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. I had a question on our order books 
are increasing and even for our competitors. Are the pricing also 
improving in the market and because some of these are European 
based players, okay. So, what is the pricing happening? Are we seeing 
any improvement in the pricing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The thing is that, we've come up from extremely volatile raw material 
based. So, at which point in time you look at it and orders. But in 
general, you could say because the market is expanding, margins are 
expanding. You are right, but that general principle. So, that is a 
positive thing about it, but it is an intensely competitive market also at 
the same time. So, we do see in general margins expanding because of 
the market expanding itself. Also given the fact that, that different 
companies are different cycles of having absorbed the raw material 
cost increases or the revision of cost downwards. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And one question I had was, see in turbines we say that 
refurbishment happens after a period of time… At what point of time 
the Company decides that it is time to buy a new turbine versus just 
getting it refurbished, okay? Can you just give some…? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It depends on requirement. You see the product itself is a customized 
product and used by operators in their own manner. So, really the 
wear and tear is dependent on a lot of inputs from the customer side 
itself and primarily amongst those is the operator use, especially if this 
turbine is used in extraction mode or back pressure mode where the 
steam is or heat is provided to an industry, the requirements both from 
a quality of water perspective lead to degradation of different parts 
there. 
 
So, you have different wear and tear that happens between different 
customers, both based on industry as well as geography, driven by 
different levels of automation et cetera. So, the refurbishment cycle 
can be as quick as one year to 20 years, it is all unique and customized 
and depends on specific considerations. 
 

 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Our turbines itself are last to build or designed to build in excess of 40 
years so they can last, they are rugged turbines. So, they have no 
problem. But even in our own technology, we ourselves are 
developing new blades, the new blade parts which improve our 
efficiency by 3- 4- 5- 6% over the previous generation, and so you 
could even validate with our own installed base to improve and 
replace rotors and change blade paths to improve efficiency with an 
installed base of maybe five years ago even. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay, and one more thing on that API Turbine business, what has 
been the progress and the path ahead on that product. If you can 
elaborate on that. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
This is a market segment that's newer to us. And so, we are building 
inquiry book here and our order book, we have received good orders, 
we continue to believe that we will receive good orders, we believe 
the market is quite large. So, we think that before we become a 
significant player there and coming to the line of more intense 
competition, we have a way to go in terms of our order booking here. 
 
But it will grow at a very fast pace year-over-year but it won't 
contribute more than 10% to turnover and we will let you know when 
it can do, whenever it contributes over 10% over. But right now it is 
not there. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla 
from Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
I would like an update on the CapEx that was announced last quarter. I 
think it was expected to come on stream this quarter? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, I will ask our CEO & Executive Director, Arun answer that. 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yeah, good afternoon to you. As regards to CapEx, the expansion at 
our new plant at Sompura is more or less complete and some balance 
portion would be completed up to the month itself. There have been 
certain other acquisitions, as far as land and equipment is concerned. 
So most of the CapEx is now over. There will be some balance in Q3 
that would happen. And I would like to tell you that all of it has been 
put to use. 
 

 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
There's no fresh CapEx proposal. So, whatever the CapEx we had, 
which is all we're doing, 80% of it is in fixed infrastructure and about 
20% is in software and other IT based CapEx. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Yeah, this is the CapEx that was to increase the capacity to 200-250 
turbines, correct? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yes, yes, ma'am. And that is what I said, but it has been already put to 
the use. You recall last year, last year, we had done over 100-110 
turbines. And this year in the first half itself, we have reached a figure 
around that. So, the capacity is full. The building of numbers in the 
current financial year will be twice as compared to the last year. And 
we have further space to expand it with the current infrastructure that 
we have. And as our Vice Chairman has told you earlier, we are 
looking forward to around 300 turbines that can be built of various 
types and sizes. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay, sure. And can you also quantify how much of our growth this 
quarter is attributable to the price hike that was taken in this quarter in 
the last three quarters? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You know every order is unique. So, we don't have any list of standard 
price. It's not possible to determine it that way. I think the previous 
caller had mentioned in terms of margins. And I think that's the only 
way that you can say that we've seen an expansion in margins. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay, sure. And you did mention earlier in the call that there is a drop 
in domestic inquiry, is this only attributable because of steep inflation 
in raw material costs or CapEx costs or is it a general slowdown that 
now we're witnessing and are we expecting this to come back in H2? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, I think it will come back in H2, but I think you have to look at it 
less of a quarterly basis and more on an annual basis, on an annual 
basis we will see growth. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay, thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag 
Muchhala from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Thanks for the opportunity; the question is on the SADC order of ₹ 1 
billion that we had, so anything of that order has been booked in Q2 as 
inflows? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No inflows in Q2. 

 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay, so on the similar lines; are we exploring servicing of utility 
turbines in India as well in the near future? And if yes, then what kind 
of incremental capabilities we will need to build for it? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, the capabilities are something that we already have, India is a 
market that works on references and pre-qualification, et cetera. So 
these are things that we will have in place. India is also a very 
competitive market. So, we'll have to see how we entered into it, 
especially given the fact that we don't like assuming liabilities, 
especially in these matters. State directory boards are notorious in lack 
of transparency in the operations. So, we'll have to see how we operate 
in that market. But needless to say, we have the capabilities. We have 
the capacity as well, we have the knowledge, we have the references 
now, we just have to see how we approach the market and with 
customer confidence to be able to execute. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay, but at least from the private sector plans, any immediate plans 
to also, I mean start exploring that market or I'm in probably not 
something over the next couple of years?  
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yes, we can hear you. To answer your specific question. This is 
Sachin here. In terms of the private players in the Utility segment in 
India. As our Vice Chairman mentioned, it's a very fragmented and 
competitive marketplace here. So we are going to be very selective in 
terms of the businesses that we will pursue where the risk is limited. 
And there's much more transparency in doing business. As far as 
independent power producers go with utility turbines, we are the 
suppliers of parts. So that's an area which we have been actively 
exploring, services will be more in the medium term, but for the short 
term, we are looking more in terms of supplies of parts to the Utility 
turbines independent power producers. I hope that gives answer to 
your question. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Thanks. And on the 30-100 MW space, in the last call, it was 
mentioned that we were successful in a thermal renewable project also 
which will be booked in Q2. So, has that been booked or that is yet to 
be booked? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It has been booked. It has been booked. Good order, great systems, 
good technology application. 
 

 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Is this is a different order from the one that you're mentioning from 
West Asia of the solid municipal waste incineration, right. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I don't fully recall what I said last time but this is what we booked in 
this quarter. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay, so, for the 30-100 megawatt space specifically in Q2, how 
many units have been booked can that be given now? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We started on our concalls post the joint venture ending to give 
greater credibility around the orders here but we would like to stay 
away from giving individual orders until they are material, unless they 
are material but regardless to say that that we are getting good market 
traction here, we get good market participation and inquiry levels in 
this space are going up. Our customer references and our regard from 
customers is going up. And so therefore, we believe this is definitely 
add to and is already adding to our order booking. And we'd like to 
then just look at the turbine market in terms of applications rather than 
size over a period of time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of from Prolin Nandu 
from Goldfish Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
 Just want to understand your after sales business a little bit better. To 
mention that these are customized turbines and life cycle can depend 
on the usage. But as a thumb rule, let's say if a customer pays ₹ 100 
for the turbine, over the life cycle of the entire turbine, what could be 
the revenue that the customer will have to pay for the refurbishments 
spare and service element? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
About three times over a 20-year period. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Okay, so this is ₹ 100 is based for turbine, the ₹ 300 for the rest? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
On a non-inflationary basis. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Non-inflationary basis, okay. That's good enough. Three times, right. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Okay and just can you talked a lot about the international aftersales 
market, in the zero to 30 MW in terms of the turbine that we sell we 
have very high market share, do we have a similar or a higher market 

 
Page 16 of 21 
 
share in aftersales in domestic market in zero to 30 MW. What I 
wanted to understand was that how are we looking at the service or the 
after sale elements of the turbines of our competitors? Can you help 
share some strategies to cater to that market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, so actually it is a very good question and as you would see that 
growth markets such as India, Southeast Asia, where the installed base 
is lower, that means that both Triveni, reference sites as well as 
competitor reference sites are lower, the focus is always obviously 
going to be in terms of more product sales. In India in specific, 
because really the expansion in the Indian market, in terms of captive 
power generation really only picked up post 2003 Electricty act. 
Triveni's market share and installed base is a prominent market base 
here. And of course, majority of our market bases cater to by 
ourselves only. Those customers who don't buy the aftermarket 
services from us are not buying from a competitor, they are pretty 
much fabricating it in a very rudimentary manner. 
 
So those are not type of customers that we would like to sell to 
anyway, because there's no price and margin there in any case. On the 
international side, as you rightly say, the installed base of our 
competitors is far larger. And our focus would be to incrementally 
take share from those OEMs who are largely no longer participating in 
this space or are very expensive. But this is dependent on giving 
credibility to our customers in terms of having on the ground presence 
and capabilities. And to that extent, as we build out our international 
capabilities and on the ground presence, we will see greater degree of 
customer confidence.  
 
We have received numerous orders in this past quarter, from clients 
for our competitor turbines. And these range from utility turbines of  
660 MW to combined cycle application turbines of 60 plus MW of our 
competitors. And so, we think that this is more a question of effort in 
market and making sure that our presence is there and is continuously 
selling. We know our capabilities are high and that our cost structure 
allows us to be extremely competitively priced for the customer. 
Again, as Sachin has said that this is a key area of growth for us going 
forward. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure, just a follow on to that would be I mean, let's say in some of the 
international markets, where you need some people on the ground, 
does it mean that initially we will have to probably invest and then it 
does not make sense to probably compare our after sales margins that 

 
Page 17 of 21 
 
we have done historically, because of this investment phase. And 
maybe some of these key countries, we will have to probably put that 
feet on the country. So would it be slightly margin value to at least in 
the short-term? Is that a right way to look at it? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no, not at all actually, because this is, we're not a CapEx heavy 
company anywhere. Our capabilities are people. Expansion markets is 
a HR constraint as well as a question. To that extent, like I started off 
with my initial remarks, we have a very ambitious and aggressive 
hiring plan. And so we are looking for capable managers, looking for  
capable competent managers at all different levels, business managers, 
technical and engineering managers, service support staff, supply 
chain people. So we're looking to expand operations, while of course, 
keeping in mind the fact that we will continuously look to contain 
employee costs as a percentage of turnover. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel, from 
Equirius Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
This is Harshit from Equirius Securities. Good afternoon. My first 
question is on Europe, as you have highlighted, rightly, that Europe is 
going for energy security. And that might open up a lot of prospects 
for us. So sir, could you give us some flavor on the European market 
as a whole? As to how large is the market? What is the structure of the 
competition over there? As to what would be the market share of top 
3-4 large MNC players, because the Tier 2 players and where do we 
stand in this overall scheme of things. And lastly, on the similar lines, 
what would be the difference in pricing, it will be clear as to how 
much premium would Tier 1 players will be charging and where are 
we  in the cost structure? That would be my first question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, thank you. Very detailed questions. Unfortunately, I don't think 
I'm going to be able to give you answers on the pricing levels. But 
obviously, you would understand that price quoted to a customer and 
accepted by a customer means that other people were higher or lower, 
to that. We as Triveni don’t lose orders based on price. Our biggest 
issue in the international market is a question of visibility as we can 
expand our visibility to the basic extent, which is an indication 
through our inquiries; the chances for success are higher. 
 
In general, Europe is going through its energy transition. And its 
requirements are specifically catered around thermal renewable 
solutions only or district heating, as a matter. Typically from a 

 
Page 18 of 21 
 
competitive viewpoint, Europe has had the largest number of 
incumbent OEMs, but they also have the largest number of OEMs that 
have gone out of business or who have sold out also. And so the 
competitive nature of the market in Europe is the highest. We find that 
despite the fact that it is a competitive market, you have very healthy 
margins, I think for all manufacturers. 
 
The market not only in Europe, but globally is dominated by Siemens, 
Siemens is by far the largest player in all market segments in all 
markets, especially if you look at it from global regional perspective. 
And so, they are the dominant player and the rest would fall below 
including us. So we are there. Now what you must keep in mind is the 
fact that, that the amount of inquiry that we see from Europe are pretty 
much same number of inquiries that we see from Southeast Asia. But 
Southeast Asia provides a different application to those, to the 
requirement. There's more industrial capex than fixed capital 
formation happening in Southeast Asia, as well in Africa, than would 
be happening in places like Europe. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, understood. So my second question, would it be on the 
geographical elite of our overall international revenues? So if not the 
exact numbers, but if you can give a broad split as to what is the 
percentage of international revenues that we are getting from each of 
these geographies? Europe, Southeast Asia, West Asia, Latin 
America, and so on and so forth? That would be my last question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thanks. I think firstly, I don't have this information on me, but I don't 
know how material it is, given the fact that like I said, we sell it over 
110 different countries. And very frankly, the economic climate 
between India and Bangladesh and Pakistan is not the same. So 
getting in on a regional basis, apart from Europe is not really 
constructive. But having said that, our order book, like I said, is based 
on two applications. 
 
One is industrial heat and power application. And the other is 
renewable energy-based power requirements. Now, you could tell 
from areas that wherever the installed capacity or size of economy is 
larger than obviously the larger markets for us. Indonesia is always 
going to be larger market than Singapore. That's just obvious. 
Indonesia is also going to be the larger market as compared to 
Thailand. And Thailand is going to be a larger market for us than 
Vietnam. These are the consequences of markets. And so very frankly, 

 
Page 19 of 21 
 
we participate in the growth of those markets and the energy transition 
as well. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up from Prolin Nandu from Goldfish 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Thanks again for the opportunity. You mentioned that you are also 
always upgrading and there is a whole element of 3% to 5% -- 3% to 
6% improvement in yield and that also is forming a decent part of 
your order book. For a customer, what could be the breakeven to 
probably upgrade, right, if that is an improvement of being a yield of 
let's say 5%. what could be the payback for that kind of a 
replacement? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, it all depends on cost of capital, but as you would imagine, and 
cost of capital and the price of your fuel. So, what we've seen, this has 
been a large driver of growth for us both on the product as well as 
aftermarket size is, is the fact that the raw material of fuel prices gave 
biomass, coal, or even notional cost of heat has gone up considerably 
in the calculation. And so the paybacks are very, very quick. But I 
would say that for a 5% efficiency, upgrade that 12% cost of capital 
should give you a payback somewhere in the region of about three 
years, three and half years. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Khadija Mantri from 
Sharekhan. Please go ahead. 
 
Khadija Mantri: 
First question is that in the results, we have -- had a special mention of 
some ₹ 11.4 crore of expenses towards execution and maintenance 
expenses in the SADC region. So, was it a one-off and we are 
clarifying, because we did not book any revenue of this order in Q2? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no. There was revenue, the expenses, of it were not directly 
incurred by us so they form a part of other expenses. We had alluded 
to this in a previous conference call, as well as this conference call as 
the fact that there will be further revenue coming in this market. And 
to expect that in both, not only this current financial year, but the 
coming financial year as well. 
 
Khadija Mantri: 
Okay. And so, when we say that better product mix improvement in 
margin, so what would be the ideal product mix for Triveni Turbines 
which would, which we can, which can lead to 100 to 200 basis points 

 
Page 20 of 21 
 
improvement in margins and current levels of 19%. I'm talking about 
operating margins. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I think the fact is that it is a dynamic market. Of course, the fact is 
that we could expand the margins tomorrow to 20% to 25%, if 
necessary, we just have to refuse certain orders. The thing is that the 
domestic market is always more competitive. We aim to maintain a 
good market share, a dominant market share in the Indian market as a 
strategy and the fact that we consider it to grow, the domestic market, 
as well as our international market growing, we believe that in the 
medium term, we'll have a 50-50% product both international and 
domestic revenue share. 
 
So that is one thing that will stabilize the margins. The next part is on 
the aftermarket versus the revenue mix, where currently you have to 
24% of turnover for this current quarter, the previous financial year, in  
Q2 FY 22 was at 27%. So you can see why there is a margin 
difference because of the average margin that you would get the 
aftermarket segment are considerably higher than what would be in 
the product. What we aim is again in the short-term is that we will 
incrementally grow our percentage aftermarket to sales as well. This 
will be difficult given the fact that we have an extremely high growth 
rate on the product side. 
 
So, this is something that we'll have to try and that will be a challenge 
for us in the coming quarters is to maintain the growth rate and Sachin 
has already spoken about the fact that it has already grown quite 
considerably from an order booking perspective and then therefore 
execution and within that this will continue to grow even faster. So we 
should have a higher aftermarket as a percentage of sales bigger than 
the previous year. This all gives us confidence in the fact that 
ultimately, we have yielding revenue from our aftermarket, and 
something that we think holds us in very good stead for years to come. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now have the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. We're very pleased with 
where we've ended up with Q2 FY 23, as well as the H1 FY 23. We 
have full confidence that H2 is going to be considerably better than 
H1 and FY 24 is going to be much better than FY 23. So, we look 
forward to your participating in our growth journey. Both Arun and I 
thank you for being on this call. 

 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you on behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited. That concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer:  
This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity. 
Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be 
incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings 
of the event, but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
 
 
 
