िनवेशकसेवाएँø Ɨ
INVESTOR SERVICES CELL
वेबसाइट/ website: www.indianbank.in
ई-मेल/ e-mail: ibinvestorrelations@indianbank.co.in
ø ĺčŖēĸĂ ø ĭĒĭŊĕĒ
254-260, æʫ ĹĜǺ Ĳúđ सालै,
ēĭĒčĸǥĭ, ý ĸɄĹ– 600 014
Corporate Office
254-260, Avvai Shanmugam Salai,
Royapettah, Chennai - 600 014
दूरभाष/Phone: 044-28134076/28134698/28134484
Ref No.: ISC/197/2022-23
Date: 11.11.2022
The Vice President
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051
NSE Symbol: INDIANB
The Vice President
BSE Ltd.
25, P. J. Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001
BSE Scrip Code- 532814
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Subject: Transcript of Post Earnings Concall / Meet
In terms of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
and in continuation of our letter No. ISC/187/2022-23 dated 01.11.2022 and letter No.
ISC/192/2022-23 dated 04.11.2022 regarding Analysts / Investors Concall / Meet, we
are enclosing a copy of Transcript of said post Earnings Concall/ Meet held by the
Bank on 04.11.2022 on the Financial Results of the Bank for the Second Quarter (Q2)
and Half Year period of FY 2022-23 ended September 30, 2022
The Concall Transcript is also uploaded on Bank’s website and the same can be
accessed through below link:
https://indianbank.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/Q2-FY23-Post-Result-Concall-
Transcript.pdf
This is for your information, record and dissemination please.
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Bank
AGM & Company Secretary
Encl: A/a
DINA NATH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by DINA NATH KUMAR 
DN: st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=f9e22b8c1b4cbe397ea154
974bb1f6e21a396ec0948def3bce411148
4c37a148, postalCode=600014, 
ou=INVESTOR SERVICES CELL, o=INDIAN 
BANK, c=IN, cn=DINA NATH KUMAR 
Date: 2022.11.11 15:23:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
Indian Bank Q2 FY’23 Results 
Post Earnings Conference Call / Meet 
Held on 04.11.2022 
 
 
Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Shri S L Jain 
MD & CEO 
 
Shri Imran Amin Siddiqui 
Executive Director 
 
Shri Ashwani Kumar 
Executive Director 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Shri Anand Dama  
Analyst, Emkay Global Financial Services 
 
 
 

Page 2 of 18 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Good afternoon, everyone. We have with us today Indian 
Bank MD and CEO, Shri SL Jain, ED Shri Imran Siddiqui, and ED Shri Ashwani Kumar for Indian 
Bank's Second Quarter Post Results Concall. I would request Jain sir first to brief on the results 
that we had in the second quarter, and also provide some outlook on the growth, margins and 
asset quality. Also, would request sir to discuss about the standard asset provisioning norms which 
have been implemented and been enforced on lot of public sector banks in the recent past, that 
has been talked about by a lot of public sector bank managements during these calls. So would 
request sir to touch upon that point as well. Over to you, sir. 
S. L. Jain, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Good afternoon. Welcome to 
all analysts and investors in the post-results second quarter. So, as far as business of the bank is 
concerned, we have grown by 10% on a Y-o-Y basis. Under business deposit we have grown by 
7%, savings deposit we have grown by 7%, and the current deposit we have grown by 9%, so 
CASA we have maintained at 41%.  
In the credit side we have grown by 14%. So, the credit in the RAM sector we have grown by 13%. 
Under the RAM, retail we are growing 14%, agriculture we are growing 15%, MSME we are 
growing 9%, and corporate we are growing 6%. And we are having the RAM share of 62% which 
has improved from 60% to 63%. So, the RAM is a prime area of growth. This is the business 
number.  
If you see the profitability number, our NII has grown by 15%, our operating profit has grown by 
11%, and our net profit has grown by 12%. In addition to NII, our other incomes, whether it's fee-
based income it has grown by 18%, our Forex income has grown by 171%, and PSLC income has 
increased. So, excluding the treasury impact, our other income has grown by 7%. So NII 15%, 
other income net of treasury 7%. Operative expenses have grown by 4%, resulting increase in 
operating profit by 11%, and the provisioning since our asset quality is improving, so the net profit 
has grown by 12%. If you see the pre-tax profit, it has grown by 160% or so. 
Now coming back to the asset qualities, our asset gross NPAs have come down to 7.30% and net 
NPA to 1.5% from the 2.12%. The reason being the slippage was around Rs2,300 crores and the 
recovery was around Rs3,300 crores or so. Under the slippages, basically in Rs2,300 crore, 
around 45% of slippage comes from the Agri, and around a Rs. 400-odd crore is from the 
restructured book. 
The slippage from the restructured book is coming down which was around INR1,400 crores in 
March, and then June INR1,000 crores, and then September it is around INR400-odd crores. So, 
the restructured book is, you can say, performing well. As far as the capital part is concerned, we 
are at 16.15%. And if we add six months profit of INR 2,400 crores, it works out to be 16.92%, 
close to 17%, so bank is adequately capitalized. 
Now coming to your specific questions about the margins and all. Last year margin was 2.91%. In 
the first quarter it was 3.10%, and the second quarter it was 3.20%. The repo increase of 90 bps, 
50 bps has been passed on during the quarter ended September, and the 50 bps which was 
announced in September will be passed on this current quarter. 
As far as MCLR is concerned, you see from 1st April till today, our MCLR, one-year MCLR which 
is a measure, has increased from 7.30 to 8.10. So around 80 bps MCLR increase we have done. 
If you see the deposit rates from, say, 1st April till today, so we have increased the deposit rate in 
various buckets. So, it is from 1.1% to 1.4% in the range of various buckets. 
So, since the 41% is CASA and 60% is term deposit, so, on average 130 bps, so you can say 
60%, so 80 bps we have passed for as a part of MCLR. So, considering this and also considering 
the fact that interest rates have tightened in the markets, so we are of the view that we should be 
able to protect our margin at around 3% to be on the conservative side, this is a margin. 

Page 3 of 18 
Now, regarding the provisioning of standard assets and others, we are governed by the RBI 
guidelines, and whatever are the RBI guidelines and whatever has been told by the RBI through 
instructions and all, we have fully complied with it. So, this is where we stand today. 
In addition to these numbers, bank is working very hard on digitization. So, in digitization we have 
launched various journeys, whether it is pre-approved personal loan for salaried, whether pre-
approved personal loan for professional and self-employed, loan against FD, then the Mudra loan, 
then the KCC renewals, then our insurance products, all we are giving through mobile banking. 
And bank is totally focusing on digitization, so your mobile registration which was around 58 lakhs 
a year back has crossed 1.02 crores. 
So, since all these products we are offering through mobile banking, so mobile bank is totally 
focusing on increasing the mobile activation, so you see the 76% rise, likewise the internet banking 
has also increased. And the digitization which was around 70% a year back is now 82%. 
And in addition to these customer friendly journeys, we have also rolled out the performance 
management system in the bank, where the KRA of each and every employee, each and every 
officer will be tracked based on the targets given by them. So it will give the productivity increase 
going forward. 
In digitization -- in addition to this we are doing number of other things as well, whether it is a 
middle-ware so that we will be able to pay by API integrations, and horizontally we can grow. 
Because with the API integration you can grow your businesses. There's omnichannel we are also 
doing. We have also onboarded the lending platforms, so that we will be able to come out more 
and more customer friendly journeys in the time to come. We are also working on the trade finance 
module where we will be open -- able to offer customer facing services so as to have better 
customer experience and to increase our income. 
Now, I am open for question-and-answer, and with me my both the Executive Directors and the 
top management team here. 
Anand Dama: Yes, sir, thank you for touching upon all the points. Sir, particularly on the margins 
before we take the Q&A, I think that is one very important aspect that we have seen across public 
sector banks that some of the banks have seen very strong margin uptick during the current 
quarter, but the uptick that we had seen in our bank was relatively moderate versus the peers, so 
any specific comments over there? 
S. L. Jain: So margin of course 15%, but you see this year, this quarter out of 2,300 slippages, 
1,059 slippage is on agri. In Agri what happens, in KCC it is a long time to classify account because 
based on the duration of the account. So, there is a interest reversal of around INR260 crores, 
major interest reversal has happened on all these accounts. 
In addition to that what we have done, we have also done interest reversal for the restructured 
account, the moratorium period interest which has been capitalized as per the then guidelines, 
that also be have reversed. And because of these two the NII growth which is appearing 15%, 
moderately lower. But this is as per the RBI guidelines in total. 
Anand Dama: Yeah, thanks, sir. Now we open the floor for Q&A. First question we have from Mr. 
Ashok Ajmera. Please unmute yourself. 
Ashok Ajmera: Good morning, Jain sahib. And the team, good noon. Sir, compliments for yet 
another good quarter for the bank which -- I mean, the overall financial position of the bank you 
have managed very well, along with the -- even asset quality, and most of the parameter -- the 
ratios and the figures are within the given guidance and parameters. 
Sir, having said that, my first question or rather some information required on the overall treasury 
operations, though segment wise there is an income of INR1,441 crores, the profit in the treasury, 

Page 4 of 18 
but overall if you look at it, and with this rising interest rate scenario and now with this Fed 
increasing 70 basis point again, and maybe RBI also now accordingly will match it maybe 50, 60 
basis points going forward, what are your views and observations on or you are comments on the 
overall treasury operations of the bank, sir, including the money which you are making from the 
foreign exchange transactions? 
S. L. Jain: So our investment book is of 184,000, right, so 25% of this is in the HFT and AFS book. 
Here you see what we have done, we have churned out the portfolio. The treasury bill which was 
around INR 9,500 crores has come down to INR 4,500 crores. So INR 5,000 crores amount we 
have churned out, and invested in the central government or state government securities where 
the yield is better, because -- what we are doing is wherever the yield is more than 7.5%, we are 
increasing our portfolio, where it is less than the 7.5% we are selling. That way we are doing last 
quarter, so we have made up profit of INR 125 crores as well in the last quarter, even in this volatile 
time. So, this is the one way, and we will continue to have that kind of strategy. And in this process 
what happened, our yield has also improved in the overall treasury book as well as in the HFT and 
AFS book. 
In a Forex, what we have -- from last six to eight months of from last one year we're seeing that 
Forex profit is continuously increasing, 171% or so. So, there are opportunities in the Forex 
market, first point. Second point, we are having GIFT City operation. Third point is, we're very 
active in the merchant turnover, in the derivative markets. So, in our Forex desk, we have made it 
active, and as a result you are seeing that whatever is the losses or the decline in profitability 
because of the treasury, because of the market, mostly we are covering through our Forex 
operations and all. And that is why -- how we are managing, and we'll continue to do so because 
still the margins are available in the business. 
Ashok Ajmera: But sir, with the liquidity being sucked by the RBI measures, are you getting some 
pressure on the liquidity side? Because some of your money has got blocked in this foreign -- 
Forex forward premium and other things, so will it continue or do you -- are you observing any 
pressure on the liquidity front, sir? 
S. L. Jain: No, see, liquidity side we were comfortable, our LCR is around 142%, that's one point. 
Second point is that the way the liquidity has been tightened, both sides we are increasing the 
rates, either on the deposit side and advance side and maintaining our margins. Of course, the 
liquidity is being tightened, so as a result what happens, the short-term interest rates have 
increased. But simultaneous, the yield has also increased, and we are the intermediary. So still 
we have opportunity to make money. 
Ashok Ajmera: Sir, coming towards the recovery side, sir, how comfortable we are as per the 
target given for the overall recovery and recovery from written off accounts? And what is the 
development on the NCLT front and also NARCL front, how much accounts are going, how much 
money is going? Because now NARCL has become very active, so I think any colour on that, 
latest position on that, sir, on the recovery and NARCL, accounts going to NARCL. 
S. L. Jain: So whatever -- in the beginning of the year we said that our recovery will be around 
INR8,000 crores. So in six months our recovery is INR 4,438 crores, which works out to around 
55%. So in a half year, 55% remaining we'll be able to achieve. 
Likewise in AUC recovery, which we call TWO recovery is around INR 1,600 crores of our targets. 
As against INR1,000 crores, we are at INR890 crores or close to INR 900 crores, here again 55%. 
So target vis-a-vis achievement we are better than this. Going forward, since we are recovering 
around INR 2,000-odd crores every quarter, we'll continue to do so. And from where we are getting 
strength, because we still have INR 24,000 crores of account on NCLT, we are having a 
compromised pipeline, we are having NARCL as well, and we will do SARFAESI sale. And last 

Page 5 of 18 
quarter also we have done INR 58,000 crores number of compromises as against INR 39,000 
crores in the Q1, so that way we are focusing on this. 
As far as NARCL is concerned, sir, around INR 5,400 crores of account which they have shown 
interest which is around 21 accounts. And in the four accounts we are at an advanced stage, 
where the amount is around INR500 crores. So we may be getting around 25% or 30% of that 
account, because this is Swiss challenge will happen and then the exact price will come out. 
Ashok Ajmera: You are there in that big six Swiss challenge company also, where against 234 -
- I mean, 500 -- some 438 or something has come from Phoenix? Are you there in that account? 
S. L. Jain: Yeah, we are there in that account. We are there. 
Ashok Ajmera: Just couple of small observations, sir, on your notes to the accounts. Note number 
15, under the COVID-19 framework the outstanding is INR 18,422 crores and NPA slipped is INR 
1,190 crores and recovery is also around INR 1,163 crores. So, INR 16,000 crores is still 
outstanding there. What is your guess on that, that if you look at the same proportion of the 
recovery and the NPA slipping, I mean, it is almost equal so far. So going forward, out of the 
INR16,000 crores outstanding, how much do you think will slip to the NPA? 
S. L. Jain: So, you see, in INR 18,000 crores basically two, three big accounts, The Future Group 
and all accounts, they have been restructured and they have been slipped. And that is why this 
NPA numbers are showing higher. 
If you see the reality, how much has been slipped in the March quarter, how much in the June 
quarter and how much in the September quarter. So, September quarter INR463 crores as against 
the June quarter of INR 1,094 crores, so it has come down 50%. And prior to that last year it is 
INR1,705 crores, because of The Future Group and all. So when the slippage is coming down 
from the restructuring book, it gives us a strength that the remaining accounts are standard and 
will continue. 
Ashok Ajmera: Okay. but last is on note number 17 
Anand Dama: Sir, Mr. Ajmera, request you to come back in the queue. 
Ashok Ajmera: Just last, Anand. Note number 17, sir, under the provision framework, INR 780 
crores out of that provision that is write-off is the non-fund base amount out of total of INR 16,017 
crores. So how much more is the non-fund base is there, because that is as good as totally going, 
I mean, slipping. 
S. L. Jain: No. Ajmera sir, that's the RBI guideline. RBI guidelines said that as per the 7 June, '19, 
circular you have to make a 35% provision on the exposure. So exposure includes your fund based 
and non-funds. So the number which you are telling is the INR780 crores is a non-fund where we 
have made 30%-35%. 
Ashok Ajmera: Okay. So total will be INR 2,000 crores non-fund, I mean, if it is 35% for entire 
non-fund is provided for? 
S. L. Jain: INR 1,780 crores, 35% of which has been provided. 
Ashok Ajmera: Okay. All right. Still -- I mean, some amount still left there. 
S. L. Jain: No, but what happens is these are three years -- and accounts are standard, sir. 
Account are standard, so that is going on. So guarantees are which -- suppose we have given 
guarantee for one year, two years, three years, it will continue. Yeah. Yeah, of course. And 
guarantees are against performance, guarantees are against bid bond, so you can't say the entire 
will come. 

Page 6 of 18 
Ashok Ajmera: Okay. Thank you, sir for this round. If time permits, and Anand allows me, I will 
come back again. 
Anand Dama: Yeah, thank you Mr. Ajmera. Next question we have from Gaurav. Gaurav, please 
unmute yourself 
Gaurav: Hello, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. And congratulations on very good set 
of results. Sir firstly on the asset quality, whatever numbers we have disclosed, they seem to point 
at very good, healthy underlying recovery in all the assets that we own. But sir, two, three quarters 
back we used to disclose the SMA-1 and SMA-2 for the entire portfolio, which we changed to 
above INR5 crores book. And it would be very great for all of us to understand how the recovery 
or how the performance of that portfolio is moving, which is below INR5 crores book. So if you 
could share SMA-1 plus 2, the combined figure or individual figure for the entire book, that will 
give us a lot of comfort. 
S. L. Jain: So, actually in line with the industry trend we have started showing this INR 5 crores 
and above. But you see, we are also showing the collection efficiencies. So, collection efficiency 
is 95%. So, from that also you can make out, because we are showing the collection efficiency 
separately for retail, agri, MSME, and the corporate. 
Gaurav: Yes, sir but you can -- 
S. L. Jain: In fact, this number has come down from 0.61 to 0.5. 
Gaurav: What has come down from 0.61 to 0.5? 
S. L. Jain: This INR 5 crores and above SMA-1 and SMA-2 which was around 0.61 in the June 
quarter, has come down to 0.5 in the September quarter. 
Gaurav: Yes, sir, that is for the above INR5 crores, which you have anyways disclosed. I am 
talking about the below INR 5 crores, which was INR18,000 crores at the end of December 2021. 
So, any subjective indication would be really helpful, whether this 18 has moved to 15 or you know 
it has been same or it has gone to 20? 
S. L. Jain: When your collection efficiency is improving, it should come down as such. 
Gaurav: Okay, great. And sir on the provisioning side, the current run rate of around INR 2,000 
crores INR 2,200 crores, do you expect this to continue for another two quarters or so? Or you 
expect this to come down substantially now that there is a very healthy performance across your 
advances? 
S. L. Jain: So our net NPAs has remained INR 6,000 crores, right, so that is 1.5%. And so credit 
cost which is around 2.01%. So going forward, I am expecting that our credit cost should come 
down from the 2%. 
Gaurav: So for this financial year you are expecting it to be at 2%, right? 
S. L. Jain: It should be less than 2%. 
Gaurav: Okay. And sir for what next year, FY'24. 
S. L. Jain: No, that decision we'll take on 31 March, based on the available numbers. Otherwise, 
INR6,000 crores is not a big amount, considering our operating profit of INR 3,600 crores of one 
quarter. 
Gaurav: INR 6,000 crores or INR 8,000crores, sir. I think – 
S. L. Jain: How the portfolio will behave, then only we'll be able to tell. 

Page 7 of 18 
Gaurav: Sir, you said INR 6,000 crores or you said INR 8,000 crores, because current run rate 
seems to point it that the number will be INR 8,000 crores for FY'23?  
S. L. Jain: But I'm talking about the net NPA number. 
Gaurav: Okay. Okay. And sir, in terms of – 
S. L. Jain: So, remaining amount which is to be provided. 
Gaurav: Okay, so INR 6,000 crores sir, that you can provide in three quarter itself, but – 
S. L. Jain: That one I can't say. At this point we can't say. Because this is a dynamic position, this 
is business. How much will be recovered, how much will be slipped and all that. 
Gaurav: And sir, in terms of loan growth, do you still intend to grow your book at 10% plus/minus 
2% or 12% or 8%, or you would like to rephrase it to higher number? 
S. L. Jain: So point is that, you see 14%, but because we are retail bank, 62% of our book is retail, 
and the margins are also there. 
Gaurav: Correct. 
S. L. Jain: That is why the healthy margin. So we'll continue to grow 12%, 13% in the RAM sector. 
But overall, in corporate what happens, because of the -- some of the corporate, the interest rates 
are not making sense from the risk-reward point of view.  
So, we will continue to remain selective, we'll continue to remain choosy, because we should get 
a good margin over that. So that is why I told that 12% plus/minus 2%. If there is opportunity in 
the credit substitute, we'll go to credit substitute. But at the end of the day we should get a good 
margin. 
Gaurav: Okay. So, I thought it is 10% plus/minus 2%, now it is 12% plus/minus 2%? 
S. L. Jain: No, 12% plus/minus 2%. 
Gaurav: Perfect, sir. Perfect. 
S. L. Jain: So, everything is based on the margin available. We can grow also, but ultimately you 
should get a margin. You have some PSLC obligation, but because we are having PSLC also, we 
have selling. So, from the risk-reward point of view it should make sense. 
Gaurav: Okay. Okay. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Anand Dama: Yeah. Thank you, Gaurav. Sir, next question we have from Rajesh. Rajesh, please 
go ahead. Rajesh, please unmute yourself. 
Rajesh: Hi. I have a few questions. The first question is, can you just clarify, there is talk about 
wage agreement revision? If yes, what can be the impact of that, and by when we can see some 
clarity on that? 
S. L. Jain: Wage revision will be due from 1 November, 2022, so it is not yet due. But we have to 
make some provisions from the December and March quarter, because this is the way every time 
we used to make provision. So this time also we'll make provision based on estimate, but the 
negotiation has not yet started. 
Rajesh: Okay. So last time this provision was made in which year? 
S. L. Jain: Every year based on -- every quarter we used to make. 
Rajesh: Okay. So, basically -- so you're saying that even in FY '22 there was a wage revision and 
then what was the actual -- can you just tell me what was last three, five years' trends, if any? 

Page 8 of 18 
S. L. Jain: No, negotiation has not yet started, sir. So, based on the negotiation, based on the 
demand, we will make out estimates, what can be the increase, and based on that we'll factor in. 
Rajesh: No, no. My question is, when was the last revision? 
S. L. Jain: Last revision was on 2017. 
Rajesh: 2017. Okay. 
S. L. Jain: 1 November, 2017, and every five year it happens. 
Rajesh: Understood. And then from 1 November, 2017, in the last five years it means, what has 
been the actual increase? 
S. L. Jain: No. 1 November, '17, actually last time around 10% or 12% of the rise has been given. 
So it depends -- it depends what is the current rate, what is the – 
Rajesh: You mean on annualized basis. You mean on annualized basis 10% to 12% hike, what 
you're talking about or the total 10% for five years? 
S. L. Jain: 10% on an annualized basis only. That was the last time to my mind. Actually, I'll go 
back and check, but this was the increment. So, depends -- depends actually what is the demand, 
where you stand. 
Rajesh: Okay. And so from third quarter onwards, therefore, you will start making provision 
assuming some estimates, am I right, that's what you're saying? 
S. L. Jain: Yeah. Assuming some estimates, so that when the actual settlement will take place, 
we have enough provision 
Rajesh: Understood. And our cost-to-income ratio, how do you see your cost-to-income ratio over 
full year and for the next year? 
S. L. Jain: So, you see, our cost to income ratio was 41% or 44%, right? So cost-to-income two 
major factors, NII we are growing 15%, 18%, absolutely no issue. In other income, because of the 
treasury it gets fluctuated, otherwise, expenditures are under control. So, this should be in the 
range of which we are in, not substantial difference, sir. 
Rajesh: So, are you saying that your cost-to-income ratio -- because if I look at your total operating 
expenses for the quarter, it is about just 4%. So are you saying operating expenses on a full-year 
basis also we should assume roughly about -- say last year was about INR11,000 crores, we 
should assume about 5% to 6% increase every year, are you trying to hint that? 
S. L. Jain: Yeah. In the normal, situation half year it has grown by 4%, right? 
Rajesh: Yes. 
S. L. Jain: So, that we can -- these estimates you can make, sir, because I have given all 
information to you. 
Rajesh: Yeah, that's what I'm trying to understand, because on operating expenses beyond a 
point we don't have any further – 
S. L. Jain: No, expenditures are under control, sir, expenditures are under control. And the way 
businesses are growing, naturally NII should grow. 
Rajesh: Okay. And my last question is, on incremental basis what the CD ratio is? 
S. L. Jain: So, you see, it was around 70% in September. In March, it was around 72%. It is 74% 
today. 
Rajesh: Okay, okay. Got it. So, incremental it would be about what 85-90 kind of thing? 

Page 9 of 18 
S. L. Jain: Because my point is that, what kind of liquidity you are having, based on that only you 
take call. 
Rajesh: Yeah. Yeah. Very good. So, by when you think probably you may need equity infusion? 
S. L. Jain: Presently our capital adequacy is around 17% -- 16.15% which we disclose, and half-
year profits INR0.77 -- 16.9%. So presently we are adequately capitalized, sir. So even though we 
have shareholders' approval and everything, so we'll take a call if the opportunity so arise. 
Otherwise, presently we are comfortable. 
Rajesh: No, no. There is no doubt at 16% you are comfortable. My question to you is, sir, at what 
capital adequacy ratio you think you will need to raise capital to fund your future growth? 
S. L. Jain: Okay, okay, understood. So point is that 11.5% is a minimum requirement, right? So 
1% you can have over and above the minimum requirement. So 12%, and however 13% is a 
minimum level where we should go for raising capital, that is how we work actually. 
Rajesh: So basically, if you're – 
S. L. Jain: And one more point is that, second is from the generation point of view. So when you 
are generating six plus if you have generated INR2,400 crores. So generation itself is taking care 
of your future needs. So, going forward, the requirement of raising capital seems to be less to me, 
because generation will take care of everything. 
Anand Dama: Yeah, Mr.Rajesh, please join back the queue. 
Rajesh: Thank you. 
Anand Dama: Thank you. Our next question we have from Mona. Please restrict your questions 
only to two. 
Mona Khetan: Yeah, hi, sir. Good evening.  
S. L. Jain: Good afternoon. 
Mona Khetan: Yeah, good afternoon. So, firstly on the recoveries you had this quarter, which 
were pretty strong at INR2,600 crores. Are there any one-off there? Are there any large accounts? 
S. L. Jain: No, one-off, maybe one account of maybe INR200 crores, INR300. NIL, one account, 
INR300 crores. 
Mona Khetan: Sure. And when it comes to the restructured book, so I'm assuming that almost all 
of it is built by now. So, from this current book, what sort of slippages do you expect hereon? 
S. L. Jain: So, what I told initially, Q1 was INR1,094 crores, so close to INR1,100 crores, which 
has come down to INR460 crores, so 50%. 
Mona Khetan: Right. 
S. L. Jain: Right? So, this gives us a comfort that going forward the pain will be less from this 
book. 
Mona Khetan: Okay. But you don't have a number in mind that off this maybe a 10% would overall 
slip. 
S. L. Jain: It is very difficult to say how much will slip. But you see, our collection efficiency, it 
gives us a comfort that, no, we should not have an undue worry on account of that. 
Mona Khetan: Sure. So if we look at Slide 33, where you have given the details of restructuring, 
this recovery percentage, is that the collection efficiency for each of the portfolios, the last column? 
S. L. Jain: Right. This is a restructuring -- recovery in the restructured book of that portfolio. 

Page 10 of 18 
Mona Khetan: Recovery percentage. 
S. L. Jain: Recovery percentage. So, the due versus collection. 
Mona Khetan: Yes. 
S. L. Jain: Okay. So it gives 90% of the amount we are recovering, this is what you are saying, 
from the restructured book. 
Mona Khetan: Yes. Overall. Okay, sure. And just finally on this restructured, the current 
outstanding under COVID restructuring is about INR16,000 crores, and then there is also this 
MSME restructuring of another INR2,200 crores. So is there any overlap between the two 
restructurings? 
S. L. Jain: Yeah. It will be madam, it will be, because it is continuing the assets which were under 
stress naturally. After that COVID has come, so some overlapping will be there. 
Mona Khetan: So, is the entire INR2,000 crores sort of also coming in the COVID restructuring 
or half of it – 
S. L. Jain: May not be entire. Some can be, but we do not have that kind of replicate number or 
otherwise I'll calculate and we'll provide you. 
Mona Khetan: Yeah. If you could just share the total restructuring including the 2x of any overlaps. 
S. L. Jain: Okay. Understood. 
Mona Khetan: And just finally on the tax rate, so we have had fairly low tax rates over the last few 
quarters, and this quarter it was at 22%. So what sort of tax rate do you expect for the full year? 
S. L. Jain: So, tax provisions we calculate based on the estimated profitability for the entire 
financial year, because tax is to be calculated on entire financial year. And the benefit which we 
are getting on account of carry-forward or on account of income tax reductions under Section 
36(17) because rural, non-rural and all. Considering this we calculate tax liability for full year, and 
accordingly we provide. So since our profitability is increasing, naturally the incremental part you 
have to give 25% of the tax, because we are in the new tax regime. And therefore, on an average, 
which was 10% in the first quarter has come down to 16%. 
Mona Khetan: Sorry. It has increased to 22%, right, the tax rate? 
S. L. Jain: For quarter alone, but we are not paying tax, we are paying for tax for the year. 
Mona Khetan: Okay. For H1? 
S. L. Jain:  
So, H1. So you calculate on H1. 
Mona Khetan: So, 16% is the rate one could assume for the full year? 
S. L. Jain: Near to that. 
Mona Khetan: Or it could be higher because of next two quarters' better profitability? 
S. L. Jain: Based on the profitability estimates which we have done. So it should be near to that 
level. Exact amount, of course, will be calculated based on the expense. 
Mona Khetan: Sure. And just one last point on the employee expenses, you had earlier said that 
you expect employee expenses of INR6,300 crores to INR6,500 crores for full year. Now with this 
additional provisioning that you're saying on expected wage revision, could this number be higher 
from a full-year perspective? 
S. L. Jain: Yeah. It can be slightly higher, because we have to provide for four months. What 
happens, we make a provision on employee benefit based on the FIMMDA rates. So what 

Page 11 of 18 
happened based on the 15 years rates, rates have slightly come down on 15 years, and we 
discount this as a liability for actuarial valuation. So, therefore, there is still a slight increase in the 
salary -- this provision part, AS-15 part. Other part of overheads are slightly increased because of 
the DA increase and increase in salaries and all. So, going forward, earlier was INR6,700 crores 
or so number, so it can be near to that level or INR100 crores, INR200 crores plus or minus. 
Mona Khetan: Okay. Sure. Thanks a lot. 
S. L. Jain: Actual we'll be able to know based on the actuarial valuation, because major part is 
this. 
Mona Khetan: Sure. Thank you. 
Anand Dama: Yeah. Thanks, Mona. Next question we have from Manish. Please unmute yourself 
and stick maximum one to two question only. 
Manish: Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have just one question. If I look at your priority 
sector book, almost 97% of your NPA is contributed by priority sector loans, which is around -- 
which translates to 20% of GNPA, against public sector peers' number of 7% to 8%. So the two 
things here, do you think we need to revisit our priority sector strategies, number one? And what 
are the steps are you taking to bring this kind of number down to the industry level, maybe at 7%-
8%? That's it. Thank you. 
S. L. Jain: So this -- I agree with you. Basically, the priority sector the NPAs are in KCC, 
agriculture, and the MSME and all. These are the major. So what we are doing, we have specific 
OTS schemes for MSME also and specific OTS scheme for agriculture. And therefore, I told, 
58,000, 60,000 of OTS we have done in the last quarter and we will continue to focus on OTS and 
bring down this outstanding. 
Manish: So, apart from Agri, even if I were to look at your MSME segment, there also the number 
looks pretty high, compared to what other public sector bank reports. So, if you can also touch 
about that, how do you want to bring that part down? 
S. L. Jain: So, how can you do the reduction, only through OTS, because these are the small 
account, you can't go to NCLT or any other way. So, either the asset sell as a bundle or as a part 
of the OTS. In the OTS what happens, your haircut is less in comparison to other. So we have 
come out with a specific OTS scheme for education loan, for MSME, because there also NPAs 
are high, and the Agri loan. So, we will be continuing to focus through OTS for recovery of these 
loans. 
Manish: So, what you talked about is the collection part. What I was more interested in 
understanding is on the underwriting part, so are you doing any changes there? 
S. L. Jain: I agree. Yeah, I agree. So you see, in Agri part we have grown 9%, but you see, 55% 
in Agri is a jewel loan, where we are growing 16%. So the NPAs are basically coming in other than 
these jewel loan. So, there we are not growing to that extent, we are growing more on that. So 
from the underwriting point of view, from the education loan also we have entirely changed our 
scheme. We are going to the premier institutions, competitive rates. So that also we are focusing 
on. 
Third one, in Agri side we have specifically created 421 branches. We have posted jewel loan 
champions. We have purchased Karatmeters. So we have number of things in the gold loan side, 
not only to boost our portfolio but also to attain quality. Likewise, in SSG where the NPAs are less 
and the yield is better, we are focusing -- in addition to the southern part, we are focusing on to 
the Orissa, Rajasthan, UP. So from the underwriting point of view, where the NPAs are more, we 
are coming out from that, and focusing on the area where margins are better and NPAs are less. 
Manish: Thanks, and all the best. 

Page 12 of 18 
Anand Dama: Yeah. Okay. Thank you, Manish. Next question we have from Mayank. Please go 
ahead. 
Mayank: Yeah, hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. You shared that there was interest reversal on 
restructured book, which has been capitalized. Can you share quantum of that? 
S. L. Jain: It should be around INR 100-odd crores some - some INR 100-plus crores. INR 115 
crores. 
Mayank: Okay. And is there any particular reason it was done in this quarter? Or whether that -- 
whether it can come in next quarter also, in coming quarters also? 
S. L. Jain: No. This we have done, basically what happens, this was a peculiar time when the five 
months moratorium was given, and that amount was capitalized as a part of RBI. And what to do 
with this capitalized part, because then your instalments, everything is based on that capitalized 
part. So therefore, this amount was kept, and this has been – since whatever has been not realized 
has been reversed. 
Mayank: Okay. So restructured book which slipped into NPA, and whatever interest was accrued 
earlier, that has been reversed. 
S. L. Jain: Yeah. Yeah. For the moratorium period, that five-six months period, from March to 
August. 
Mayank: And in future, whatever slippage comes further from the restructured book, some amount 
might continue in the future as well? 
S. L. Jain: Naturally, naturally. Whatever is uncollected, will be. So point is that now this major 
part has been collected. 
Mayank: Yeah. Got it. Second question is on Agri slippage. So sequentially it has been higher for 
us. Is it seasonal in nature? Because for other times Agri slippage typically come in Q1 or Q3? 
S. L. Jain: Yeah. What happens, we have major exposure in erstwhile Allahabad Bank, again 
Allahabad was in UP and Bengal, right. So based on the harvesting period the timeline has been 
fixed as July. So it came in the month of July, and that is why it is higher. Based on the -- in the 
area where we are exposed more, based on that the slippage cost. Because the season or -- 
harvesting season depends on that particular crop and – 
Mayank: So for us, like Agri slippage will be typically seasonally can be higher in Q2 and Q4, is 
that the way to look forward? 
S. L. Jain: Yes, yes. Basically in July and January. 
Mayank: Got it. And to previous participant question like we shared 12% to 13% growth. So that 
plus or minus 2%, that is on RAM or that is on entire portfolio? 
S. L. Jain: That is on entire portfolio. 
Mayank: Okay. 
S. L. Jain: RAM, we are continuously growing 12%, 13%. 
Mayank: Right, right. And in terms of like wage revision from December onwards, you might start 
making some provisions. So assuming like 10% kind of increase in the wages, so what kind of 
absolute provision we might have to make each quarter? 
S. L. Jain: So that calculation we are yet to do. Because some part is the retirement benefit, some 
is known part. So that -- every calculation depends on the demands and what can be the 
sustainable demands. 

Page 13 of 18 
Mayank: Okay. Got it. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Thank you, sir. 
Anand Dama: Yeah, thanks Mayank. Next question we have from Jai. Jai, please unmute yourself 
Jai: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon, sir. Sir on PCR, so we have seen a sharp increase from 75% to 
80% this quarter. Is this due to some ageing provisions or you have done some accelerated 
provisioning in this quarter? And how should one look at the PCR going forward? Do you intend 
to keep it at 80% or it can actually decline? 
S. L. Jain: For the PCR 91% and for other than the PWA it is 75% to 80%, I agree with you. In 
some of the projects -- road projects and all we have made a provision because some of the road 
projects have gone into arbitration where the security maybe the issue from the auditor's point of 
view. In some of the account we have made 100% provisioning. So, this is based on the security 
dilution in the particular asset. 
Jai: Right. And sir related question is, you mentioned in your opening remarks that you are fully 
compliant on RBI maybe directions on standard assets provisioning. But do you expect any more 
standard assets provisioning on some of these quasi-sovereign, sovereign, civil supply, Discom 
kind of an account which have been provided at accelerated basis at other banks? 
S. L. Jain: It depends on which account you are in? What is the position of your account? Whether 
account is performing? And suppose in big accounts what happens, INR1,500 crores, these are 
with the various banks -- various banks where the account is SMA-0 or SMA-1, and it has not been 
-- no reservation plan is -- on those accounts, basically, the 7 June'19, circular triggers. Right? So 
that based on particulars banks' position, where we are there or not there, we'll take the call. 
Jai: Yeah. So, sir, you would be knowing, right, that these are five, six accounts. And is there any 
additional standard assets provisioning required for Indian Bank? 
S. L. Jain: My point is that you see from the Indian Bank perspective I can tell you. We are in 62% 
of retails books, RAM books. So, we are not having much exposures on bigger accounts that way 
we are a retail bank. So, any provision because whatever it comes, we're not having undue worry 
on account of that. 
Jai: Understood. And last question, sir. If I look at your regulatory retail deposits, and that number 
as per last quarter is the lowest of all PSU banks by wide margin at around 45%. So, have you 
looked into that that why is your LCR compliant deposits are such low at 45% versus 60%-65% at 
other banks -- other PSU banks? 
S. L. Jain: CFO, you can answer. Otherwise, we'll go over the details -- we'll provide you the 
details 
Jai: Sure sir. Thank you so much, sir. And all the best. 
Anand Dama: Yeah, next question we have from M.B. Mahesh. Mahesh, please unmute yourself. 
MB Mahesh: Sir, I have just one question. In Slide 6, the foreign loans that you have in your 
portfolio, if you could just kind of give us a break-up of that particular loan book, sir. And the 
reason? 
S. L. Jain: You're talking about the international book? 
MB Mahesh: Yes, sir. 
S. L. Jain: Yeah. So international book is basically around INR26,000 crores. We are having 
branches in Singapore, GIFT City and Sri Lanka, these are three places. And the credit is basically 
the syndicated credit, which is ECB credit, the trade finance credit, and loan to banks or 
institutions. These are four major credit categories where these loans have been given. 

Page 14 of 18 
MB Mahesh: Out of this how much would be, let's say, credits given to institutions which are based 
out of India, sir? 
S. L. Jain: That number we'll calculate and we'll provide you, but these are the major four 
categories. 
MB Mahesh: But just to kind of extend this question, any reason why we have chosen to grow 
this book, given that it's anyway low-margin business to begin with? And if domestic demand is 
reasonably strong, why bother growing this book? 
S. L. Jain: No, actually, there's margins available on that particular book, that is the reason for 
growth of this book. So, suppose you are getting a good margin there, then you grow. 
MB Mahesh: But the domestic margins usually are much stronger as compared to the 
international margins, even if you adjust for the cost at which you operate in those branches. Just 
trying to understand, why do this business in the first place? 
S. L. Jain: No, what happens, some of our customer too our having business in India and overseas 
as well. So some of the business are through the client here booked in a domestic business and 
some of the business is booked in the international. 
MB Mahesh: Okay. Perfect, sir. 
S. L. Jain: And somewhere we are also giving the -- suppose we have given them SBLC limit, so 
that we can discount. So, we'll earn SBLC commission here, and we'll earn there also, put together 
it is a good margin. 
MB Mahesh: Okay. 
S. L. Jain: Okay. So, some margins we are getting on account of commission, some margin we 
are getting on account of income. So, that is a -- that all put together gives you a good margin to 
take a call. 
MB Mahesh: Sir, just one clarification. What would be the duration that you're running on this 
book? 
S. L. Jain: So, duration maybe less than one year for a major part of the book, because trade 
finance and institutions are less than one year. 
MB Mahesh: Okay, sir. Thanks.  
S. L. Jain: But indeed -- but syndicated credit were slightly three years. There they are slightly 
three years, syndicated and ECB. 
MB Mahesh: Perfect, sir. Useful. Thanks a lot. 
Anand Dama: Thank you, Mahesh. Next question we have from Mahrukh. Mahrukh, please go 
ahead. 
Mahrukh: Yeah. Hello, sir. Hi. Thanks. Sir, I just had one question that one of your peer bank 
CEO said that for state-owned banks the CD ratio peaks at 74%-75%, so do you agree with that? 
As in that do you, I mean, would this be your peak ratio and beyond this it would be faster deposit 
growth? 
S. L. Jain: Point is that CD ratios are at 74%, 75%. But you see SLR, 30%. So, ultimately your 
overall liquidity has to be seen. So if you will be able to grow deposit at a competitive pricing, then 
we can increase our CD ratio. But when you are having invested book at 30% and advanced 74%-
75%, then ultimately, how you manage the balance sheet or you will continue to have borrowings. 
So generally, we are stable type of bank. So, borrowings generally we take occasionally, or we 
take against the SLRs and all. 

Page 15 of 18 
Mahrukh: Okay. But would you like to increase your CD ratio from your own? Or how do you view 
your CD ratio from current levels? Or would you like to maintain it at this level? Or it's not a 
parameter you would track as such? 
S. L. Jain: No, no, we are tracking 72%-74%, we can go even 1%-2% higher. Because what 
happens when you are expecting credit growth to be 12% and deposit growth to be 7%, naturally 
1% or 2% it will increase, in that situation. 
Mahrukh: Got it, sir. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Anand Dama: Thank you, Mahrukh. The next question is from Suraj 
Suraj: Yes, thanks sir. Couple of questions. So what would be the share of your wholesale deposit 
in the overall term deposit? The reason I am asking this question is because if I see your TD 
number, that is flat on QoQ basis, while CASA has grown. But again, your cost of deposit has 
increased higher than the peers. So, I just wanted to get a sense what would be the share of 
wholesale deposit in the overall term deposit. 
S. L. Jain: So, the cost of deposit is around 4.0% per annum, 4.02%. So, there is not an increase 
-- major increase in the cost of deposit, 3.85% to 4.02%. Because the interest rates have 
increased. We have increased that deposit rates, I told you. From March level to this level are 
around 110 to 140 bps. So that impact will come, sir. And your question that major part of our 
deposit is in basically a stable level. 
Suraj: Okay. But what would be the wholesales share in this -- in the term deposit? 
S. L. Jain: Exactly I don't know, but it should not be more because, Maybe INR 70,000 crores. So 
maybe around 10%-11%. So, 70,000 crores, so you can 12%-13%, because INR 6 lakh crores of 
a deposit we are having. 
Suraj: Okay. Understood, sir. The second question is, sir, on the restructured book. So out of this 
INR 16,000 crores, how much of the book has come out of moratorium and how much is still under 
moratorium, if you can mention that? 
S. L. Jain: No. Major part of it has come down -- come out of moratorium. 
Suraj: Okay. Sir then – 
S. L. Jain: I told you the recovery percentage and everything. 
Suraj: Understood, sir. 
S. L. Jain: And already one year has passed 
Suraj: Okay. Understood, sir. The question is then on the slide number 33, where you have given 
the disclosure on the restructured book. Here in the column it is mentioned there is some additional 
funding to this restructured book, so if you can just explain what is this additional funding that 
would be there? 
S. L. Jain: What happens, we are having term loans, we are having cash credit account as well. 
So, what happens based on the availment on that particular day it is a part of additional availment 
on interest and somewhere interest also debited on the last day, servicing of interest. So, all these 
factors -- considering this position is on particular day. 
Suraj: Okay, okay. Understood. Last two questions, sir. If you can disclose the ECLGS number, 
what will be the total outstanding ECLGS and how much NPAs you have on that book? 
S. L. Jain: Okay. We -- in fact, we have INR11,000 crores of ECLGS we have given. Current 
outstanding is INR6,500 crores and the NPA number is around 300. So, 3% of the total ECLGS 
we have given is NPA in that. 

Page 16 of 18 
Suraj: Sorry sir, I missed the NPA number. If you can repeat? 
S. L. Jain: Around 300, exact about 300 something - 370 or some amount 363. 
Suraj: Okay. Okay, sir. I understood. And the last question sir, you mentioned couple of interest 
reversal during the call. One is on the agri slippage, one on the restructured loans and all that, if 
you can mention the cumulative total interest reversal in 2Q, and the similar number for 1Q, that 
would be great. Yeah, that is all from my side. 
S. L. Jain: So my CFO will tell. CFO, what is the total interest reversal in the second quarter? 
Sunil Jain: There is a total reversal of INR 230 crores, sir, that KCC interest reversal. INR 115 
crores, because of COVID moratorium. 
S. L. Jain: What is the total reversal that is the point? Total is, to my mind, is 260 plus 115, plus 
others. So, around INR400-odd crores should be around 260 plus 115, 375 plus, small. So it 
should be around INR400 crores. 
Suraj: Okay. And a similar number 1Q would be, I mean, approx, ballpark number? 
S. L. Jain: Similar number of the last quarter can be INR 100 crores and all, cannot be more than 
that. Last quarter it is INR 100-odd crores. 
Suraj: Understood sir. Thank you so much. 
Anand Dama: Thank you, Suraj. Our next question we have from Mr. Ashok Ajmera. 
Ashok Ajmera: Yes, sir. Thanks for giving the opportunity again. Sir, in our non-SLR book INR 
37,199 crores, there is INR 1,034 crores of security receipts, SRs. So I believe that SR is 100% 
provided for. Is it the gross figure, net figure, or net provided for? 
S. L. Jain: As part of the SR guidelines from Reserve Bank of India, when you take an SR, and 
whatever provision you are having in your book is to be netted off, and remaining you have to do 
mark-to-market on -- in your treasury book. So, this INR 1,034 crores remaining amount is fully 
provided. 
Ashok Ajmera: Fully? Because in the notes to the account we have mentioned that we have 
100%  
S. L. Jain: It is fully -- SR is fully provided, all these accounts, big, big account, all are fully provided 
here, pension is fully provided. 
Ashok Ajmera: Okay. So it is a net-net 
S. L. Jain: And bank is not amortizing the provision in fourth quarter and everything. Everything 
is taken care here. 
Ashok Ajmera: And one item of this share of PSU, corporate and other. Share means it is equity 
shares? Because its share of PSU, corporate and others in the non-SLR, does it mean that equity 
shares? 
S. L. Jain: Yeah, it is equity shares. Because in treasury we keep on purchasing. 
Ashok Ajmera: Yeah, yeah. I mean only, little -- I mean it is -- share of, it gives different -- shares 
or equity shares or? 
S. L. Jain: Our share can be in our three RRBs. So I can tell you three RRBs. And all three RRBs 
are having net NPA zero, sir? And a profit of INR359 crores in the six months. So, all my RRBs 
are basically NPA free, that way. 
Ashok Ajmera: So, that share can be there. 

Page 17 of 18 
S. L. Jain: So, I can tell you, in the half year ended three RRBs put together have a profit of 
INR394 crores against INR283 crores of the last, and growth of 39% in profitability in all the three 
RRBs are doing good. 
Ashok Ajmera: And what about both -- what about your two major subsidiaries, they are also 
doing well? 
S. L. Jain: Yeah, Universal Sompo has given dividend to us as well, and doing good profit. 
Ashok Ajmera: Okay, sir. So now, sir any guidance on your -- our credit cost is a little higher at 
2.0% 
S. L. Jain: Yeah, credit cost should come down to less than 2%, sir. 
Ashok Ajmera: Less than 2% or less than 1.5%? 
S. L. Jain: No, less than 2% if it improves, then 1.5% as well. It will be less than that. 
Ashok Ajmera: Sir, our NBFC portfolio exposure is around 14% as I see. What are our views on 
lending through NBFCs, through onward lending as well as co-lending and a tie-up with the NBFCs 
for increasing our reach to the lower strata of the society, sir?  
S. L. Jain: So, our NBFC for -- 99% of our NBFC is A and above. So, that is one part. Second, we 
had done tie-up with number of NBFCs for co-lending and we are having co-lending exposures as 
well. 
We have done co-lending for education loan, we have done co-lending for MSME loan, we have 
done co-lending even for the gold loan. Wherever we are not having access, our -- the NBFCs are 
doing gold loan and depositing gold with us at the end of the day. So the securities is with us. So, 
we have done number of co-lending tie-up with NBFCs  
Ashok Ajmera: And I believe that is at 20-80 proportion co-lending? 
S. L. Jain: Right. That's the target. 
Ashok Ajmera: And what is the total approximate exposure there, co-lending? 
S. L. Jain: Maybe around INR 1,000 crores plus, sir. Because MSME is also there, retail is also 
there. Exactly should be around INR 1,000 crores. 
Ashok Ajmera: Going forward, sir, you see I'll start with my first question only, that overall in India 
the things are looking good. Most of the public sector banks for the first time in the last quarter 
and this quarter have done comparatively better than what was originally expected from them, in 
spite of all the pressures and the global turmoils, Ukraine-Russia war. 
So, according to you, you are a very senior banker, forget about only business of your bank, your 
size. But otherwise, you've handled very, very big bank like Bank of Baroda also. So there -- what 
I mean, what is your opinion sir on going forward, especially for Indian public sector banks, where 
are we going from here? I mean, is there any – still there are some hiccups, there can be some 
problem, there can be some chunky accounts coming in again, or there can be some pressure on 
the recoveries, SMA-2 number going up or slipping to NPA or here onward we will have a 
comparatively smooth sailing, sir? 
S. L. Jain: So, on the public sector bank space, I could tell you that all banks are; first, adequately 
capitalized. Second, adequately covered also. The PCR of all public sector banks are ranging 
between 85% to 90% plus. So that way we're fully, fully covered. And whatever recovery will come, 
either will come as a part of PW recovery or major recovery. So, capital-wise they are fully covered 
and provision-wise they are fully recovered, this is the second part. 

Page 18 of 18 
And the third one, business size. You see all public sector banks are growing, are growing in 
double-digits, are having good franchise, getting good CASA. So their cost of deposit will continue 
to be lower. And when you are not having a provisioning buffer, naturally your spread will be 
higher, and cost of all banks are controlled. And they are doing lot of digitization, each bank is 
doing digitization. Government of India is also having the Ease Reforms where number of things 
are improving, best practices are coming, whether it is in HR, whether it is in the technology, 
whether it is in the MSME, all sectors -- all banks are improving their performance, productivity, 
and all. 
So when their cost will be under control, provisioning risk is not there, and they also learn from the 
experience as well. You see the corporate book of any of these Public Sector Banks, hardly any 
stress or stress are very low, which is manageable. So, going forward, as a group they should 
perform better, sir. 
Ashok Ajmera: Okay, sir. Thanks. Thank you very much. And even you are treasury is also doing 
comparatively better, in fact, in spite of all these pressures. Congratulations and compliments to 
all of you, and all the best for future, sir. You yourself are a Chartered Accountant and you are 
definitely handling this bank very well. And thank you, Anand, for giving me opportunity twice for 
such a long time. Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
S. L. Jain: Thank you. 
Anand Dama: Yeah. Sir, last question that I have is basically touching upon the same standard 
asset provisioning stuff. So what is our exposure to FCI, that's Food Corporation of India? 
S. L. Jain: No, this account-specific, Anand-ji, we don't discuss account specific issues, unless it 
becomes NPA, otherwise all are standard accounts. 
Anand Dama: Sure sir. That's it from our side. Do you have any closing comments to make? 
S. L. Jain: Thank you. Thank you all the investors, analysts for your insightful discussion. And 
your discussion will help us and will in fact guide us for taking a better decision. Thank you once 
again. And kindly continue to support us. Thank you. 
Anand Dama: Yeah, thank you all. Thanks to the participants. That's it. We will close the call now. 
S. L. Jain: Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
