                                                  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 10th November, 2022 
 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai-400001. 
Scrip Code: 533080 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051. 
Symbol: MOLDTKPAC - EQ 
 
Sub: Transcripts/Outcome of Analysts/Investors Conference Call for discussing the Un-
audited Financial Results of the Company for the second quarter and half year ended on 30th 
September, 2022 and other Business Updates 
 
Ref: Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
This has reference to our letter dated 3rd November, 2022, where-in the Company has given 
intimation to the exchange(s) about the schedule of the Analyst/Investors conference call of the 
company for discussing the un-audited financial results of the Company for the second quarter and 
half year ended on 30th September, 2022 and other business updates on Monday, the 7th day of 
November, 2022 at 04:00 P.M. (IST). 
 
In this regard, pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of 
Schedule-III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the Transcripts of the Analyst/Investors conference call of the company and 
the same has been uploaded on the website of the Company at:  
 
https://www.moldtekpackaging.com/investors.html   
 
 
For Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
  
   
 
Subhojeet Bhattacharjee 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
SUBHOJEET 
BHATTACH
ARJEE
Digitally signed 
by SUBHOJEET 
BHATTACHARJEE 
Date: 2022.11.10 
23:19:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. MANISH MAHAWAR – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J. LAKSHMANA RAO – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MOLD-TEK PACKAGING LIMITED 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mold-Tek Packaging Limited Q2 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock Broking. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Manish Mahawar: 
Thank you Faizan. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the 
participants on the call of Mold-Tek Packaging. From the management, we have Mr. J. 
Lakshmana Rao, Chairman and Managing Director on the call. Now, I would like to hand 
over the call to Mr. Rao for opening remarks. Post which, we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you and over to you Mr. Rao! 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Thanks Manish and thank you all participants who are interested in our company’s 
performance. I am glad to inform you that in spite of challenging times and extended 
monsoon which generally impacts our paint industry demand, we could post a decent 
growth of 11% in terms of volume growth though in rupee terms it is higher by 14.4%. In 
volume terms it is around 11% growth in the sales volume and about similar 11% growth in 
the PAT level 10.5% to be precise, the PAT level. The main highlights of this quarter or 
rather impediments during the quarter were maintenance costs have shot up because 
semiconductor shortage in the automated machines like printing lines and to some extent 
robotic and their non availability has lead to loss in productivity and sales actually. In fact 
the demand is still better. We could have easily posted a 15% volume growth had we got 
the spares and support in time, but unfortunately worldwide there is a shortage of 
semiconductors and electronic parts, spare parts or maintenance parts and supply of printing 
machines not come in as expected by us. Even machines which are supposed to be delivered 
in July and August are postponed to November and even December, but now we are taking 
trials of those machines so hopefully by the end of this month, November we will be having 
the printing capacities added which would be able to provide us the necessary labels in time 
to cater to the growing demand. Another additional feature of cost increase is power cost. 
Unfortunately both Telangana, Andhra and even in Daman there is an increase in power 
cost to the tune of 12% to 15% which on a cost of 7% of our cost of manufacturing has 
taken a toll of almost 1% in terms of increase in cost so these two are major and there is of 
course transport cost increase due to diesel price increase which has also impacted certainly. 
So in spite of these three cost or disruptions I would say cost and disruptions, the company 
could post a decent 11% volume growth and maintain an EBITDA of around Rs.41 and 
hope to see that these hurdles are cleared once the new capacities are added in the month of 
November and December and look forward to a stronger performance in the coming 
quarters. This being said I would rather like to go through the question and answers mode 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
so that more clarity would come to you in terms of performance and what you wish to know 
so back to operator to start the question and answers please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Chandrika from Rika Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Chandrika: 
I have two questions for you. My first question is with respect to injection blow molding 
IBM business? Now the IBM business is a very competitive business with a lot of players in 
India? What special advantage does Mold-Tek have in entering the business? Unlike IML it 
is a very competitive business? Also the Pharma companies are currently buying their 
packing material from other IBM suppliers? Why should they come to us? Why should they 
shift their supplies to us so what advantage do we have in entering the IBM business and 
why should the Pharma companies buy from us that is my first question? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
There are quite a few players. It is not that there are very huge players. Only few to my 
knowledge are CG, Pravesha, Grasimar and Gopal Das. The area where we are focusing is 
not only just in cosmetics, dairy and food and FMCG but also in pharmaceutical export 
market. In this market majority of the manufacturers of pharmaceuticals are located in and 
around Hyderabad. Hyderabad is kind of a hub I would say second or third hub in the 
country and there is a huge expansion of 16,000 acres of land is being allotted to various 
multinational companies including Indian companies to manufacture pharmaceutical 
products here in Hyderabad and those land allocations started in October this year and 
hopefully within the next two years those plants will be up and running and apart from that 
there is a huge value addition in these products. Unlike ordinary cosmetic or food and 
FMCG products so that is the area where Mold-Tek is planning to concentrate and we have 
the knowhow to process materials at a much lower cycle times or higher productivity which 
is a key for our success in the field of injection molding also having the tool room 
background, having the processing abilities and nearness to the market especially the 
Pharma market where the value addition is in the tune of Rs.200 to Rs.250 per kg so these 
are the points where we are concentrating and we wish to penetrate and become a player of 
considerable size in the next four to five years. 
Chandrika: 
Thanks. My second question is with respect to dispenser pump? Our performance in 
dispenser pump has been truly abysmal? I know that Wipro contract has been delayed a bit 
but even taking that into account our performance has been below par? That is another very 
commoditized segment? I do not know why you entered it? Last time I asked you the same 
question? You told me that it is because you have leak proof and tamper proof dispenser 
pumps and so the clients will buy from us but that has not happened? What is the outlook 
for dispenser pumps and when will you improve your performance and are we going to 
continue in that business? What is the outlook for the dispenser pumps over the next two to 
three years? 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes I agree and admit that the dispenser pumps our business is not at par with what we 
anticipated because we started this mainly keeping Wipro in mind which has a plan to set 
up a big plant in Hyderabad with a requirement of 2 million to 3 million pumps per month 
which is now just they are picking up 2 lakhs to 4 lakhs per month so that sharp drop in 
Wipro’s requirement has really impacted our performance in dispenser pumps but now of 
course our pumps have been accepted by Himalaya and several other small players, but 
those volumes still put together are below 1 million per month while the capacity created is 
close to 5 million to 6 million per annum. As I explained in the previous call these 
capacities are fungible that means whatever the investments that are made in the pumps out 
of let us say Rs.12 Crores to Rs.13 Crores investments made. Other than the specific molds 
that are meant for dispenser pumps that is to the tune of say Rs.2.5 Crores to Rs.3 Crores all 
the rest of the equipment are fungible with our food and FMCG products so keeping that in 
mind we are continuously utilizing those capacities for our other products so if at all there is 
a hit on the company it is to the tune of Rs.2 Crores to Rs.3 Crores of molds and assembly 
machines what we specifically invested for the pumps. So having identified that this could 
be an area of not so great performance in future we are holding for a couple of varieties of 
pumps what we invested on and trying to break even and recover our costs of the 
investment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Reddy from Polasani Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Reddy: 
Sir any updates on the QR code type any more info? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes we have been asked by both Valvoline and Castrol for lines trials. In the case of 
Valvoline we already submitted the caps and clear coated jars and they will be able to come 
out with a proposal by the end of this month. In the case of Castrol from the top 
management there is a request for us to prove the concept online. Those products also are 
being produced. They wanted a cap to be having the clear coat not only on the jar so we are 
getting that work done so that they will want to link both jar and cap. In fact there was some 
problem in their supply chain where there was some proved cases of adulteration so there is 
a concern now in their minds and they have come forward now to take it little actively so 
hopefully in this quarter or at least end of this year we may have one of these players 
starting into QR code. 
Saket Reddy: 
Regarding the Aditya Groups, Grasim’s Paint order regarding this product can you disclose 
the capacity for the plant that you are putting up in Daman? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Not Daman it is in Panipat. Daman is an expansion for our food and FMCG. ABG has 
given a letter of intent for us to go ahead with setting up a plant at Panipat and their initial 
projection for the year two is around 2000 tonnes per annum. More details I cannot share 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
because they are also going with another supplier so they will be having two suppliers at 
each plant. However our portion is expected to be in the region of 1500 tonnes to 2000 
tonnes from year two. The year two is 2024-2025. By October 2023-2024 that is October 
2023 we are expected to start commercials of our production there and the numbers will 
stabilize in the year 2024-2025 and apart from setting up the plant only for ABG, we are 
also planning to have our food and FMCG product manufacturing in Panipat also which 
will be able to cater to the Northern clients who are huge in size like say Baddi very near 
point to Panipat. It is close to 300 kilometers, 250 kilometers to 300 kilometers from 
Panipat so we will be able to cater to the fillings companies in and across the North region 
for our entire dairy products, food products, ice cream products, and packaging products 
which will be manufactured here in Hyderabad so those facilities also will be set up in 
Panipat by end of the calendar year 2023. 
Saket Reddy: 
Right and all of the capex programs that you have got regarding the Pharma and even paints 
all of them are on track? There is are no delays? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
They are more or less on track. Due to machinery supply, everybody is talking about 
semiconductor shortage and all these automatic lines and all our machines what we use and 
robotics they are all have somewhere or other semiconductors or electronic components but 
of course they are not hugely delayed but definitely delayed. In the case of printing 
machines which we ordered and supposed to come in August in this month we are able to 
take trials and hopefully by the end of this month the machine will be commissioned in our 
plant and one more machine is supposed to come in September or October is now coming in 
December so in fact if you ask for machines now they are talking about one year delivery 
period but these two machines will adequately cover us for the next two to three years and 
notwithstanding with that we are also planning a high end technology machine which will 
be able to cater to our kind of needs in a much faster way so that machine we have selected 
and picked up. Some trials are going on it. If it is successful the machine will be listed right 
in December itself so that will further enhance our label printing capacity and take care of 
our next three to four years of capacity expansions so that is one of the challenge we are 
having, machine supply in time. We have ordered several machines on Japanese Sumitomo. 
They are okay. May be there are asking few weeks here and there but probably they will be 
in time hopefully. Some of the machines are already on the ship. They will be coming by 
middle of December and some of them which are supposed to come in January may be 
coming March so these challenges of machinery coming little late by a couple of months is 
something is impacting the timelines otherwise we are more or less on track. For example 
the IBM OTC product molds are at final stage of approval. After that they will be at least 
one and one and a half month of delay for expanding the number of mold cavitations. 
Currently we do for two cavities to eight and 32 respectively so that may take a couple of 
months but they are on track. Coming to the Pharmaceutical, we are supposed to start in the 
Q1. Probably it may slip to April and May. That I already indicated in the previous quarter 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
because of the machines coming in little late by about a couple of months so instead of 
January they may arrive in March and commercial trials may start in April so other than that 
the plant in Daman, the land has been already acquired. Construction is yet to start but that 
will start by May or June anywhere so that will be hopefully on track and the plant at 
Sultanpur where apart from IBM we also adding food and FMCG capacities, there we have 
taken adequate care and ordered those machines and robots much in advance so they started 
coming in so hopefully they will be well in time for our season starting in March so this is 
an update on the progress. 
Saket Reddy: 
Right and one last question Sir. The 15% impact that we have seen on sales is it for the 
overall revenue or it is only for S&F? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
What you said 15% means. 
Saket Reddy: 
The 15% due to the maintenance of the robots during the quarter? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
No that what I mentioned is the cost of maintenance and cost of acquisition of labels in the 
absence of additional capacity is 15%. It is not the overall so 15% of that cost. That means 
if our labels constitute let us say 4% to 5% of our cost, that cost has gone up by 15% due to 
the capacity being not created as the machines are arriving late and some of the electronic 
parts have not come in time so to the tune of 0.6% that has contributed to the cost. 
Saket Reddy: 
So you did not have any issues in sales in the quarter because of this? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
No we lost some sales during this quarter because we could not supply the IML labels we 
could not get the IML labels in time because our machine maintenance which requires some 
electronic parts they came late. Let us say earlier they used to come in a week’s time to 10 
days time. Now it took about a month to a month and a half to procure those spares so the 
machines were lying ideal longer and then we are forced to buy these labels from outside 
but as you know there are not many players in IML label manufacturing and there they were 
not able to give quality or quantity in time so we lost at least I would not say 15%, 15% of 
our 23% of food industry is around 3% to 4% of sales we missed in the quarter because of 
this. 
Saket Reddy: 
Just one more question Sir so the client additions this quarter can you sort of tell more about 
the industries we cater because of the newly heard names? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes they are all new names. They are small and medium companies which we are adding 
rapidly. On the bigger side more or less all the FMCG and food companies are with us 
already so most of these names what we have announced today in the BSE and NSE report 
most of them are old names. Any names of recognizable names I also did not notice but as 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
my knowledge goes there are a couple of food and agro side we are getting couple of major 
players interested in it, but for that majority of them are small and medium players in the 
food and FMCG. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vivek Tolat from Acme Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Tolat: 
Sir just a couple of questions. One on a bit more of a strategic side and I believe our total 
volume is going up from let us say 44,000 tonnes at the end of last year to about 70,000 
tonnes by the end of next year so out of this incremental 25,000 to 26,000 tonnes that we 
are adding could you classify as to what would go towards thin wall and what would 
towards paints and lubes just an overall classification if you have done something on this? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes I think we have already put up the slide in the BSE website. While thin wall is around 
47000 tonnes, bulk packs about 2600 tonnes, IBM about 2000 tonnes so these are the plans 
for this year that means about 11,5000 tonnes will be added during this year in these three 
areas thin wall, bulk packs and IBM and coming to the next year we will have that Panipat 
plant of IBG to be set up and we are also in discussion with them for another plant. I cannot 
disclose the quantities because we have not received the LY so if that happens that plant 
also needs to be set up before the end of 2023-2024 so next year again we will have about 
4000 tonnes to 5000 tonnes of bulk packs expansion and IBM this is the first phase where 
we are staring 2000 tonnes probably if not in Pharma in the other fields of IBM there may 
be some expansions in the year 2023-2024 so another 2000 tonnes of IBM and about 4000 
tonnes to 5000 tonnes of thin wall will be added so another 11,000 tonnes to12,000 tonnes 
will be added in those areas and as per Asian Paints projections given to us again another 
2000 tonnes of bulk pack production has to be added in Mysuru and Vizag so all these put 
together we will be reaching our 24,000 tonnes to 25,000 tonnes of expansions during the 
next two financial years. 
Vivek Tolat: 
Okay thanks that is very helpful and my second question Sir if you could throw some light 
on what sort of approval process do we need for the Pharma and IBM? Is it as rigorous as 
the US FDA expansion or is that already started? What sort of timelines are we looking for 
that? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes it is a good question. It is not equal to FDA, but it is definitely a rigorous process which 
will take at least three to six months from client to client so I will not be projecting any big 
numbers even for the next financial year. There will be some numbers to come in because 
by the time we start in April then the approval process might take three to six months so 
that means only by middle of next financial year we will be in a position to start 
commercial invoicing of Pharma products but not stopping with it. We have already 
acquired on major order from Iodex for OTC IBM products, the production of which is 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
expected to start in January or February probably in February and that will be adding 
numbers in the next financial year. If all goes well in that the order value is close to about 
Rs.7 Crores to Rs.8 Crores per annum and we are also having some dairy products. Our 
clients are asking us to develop and in those products orders also confirmed. They will be 
produced on the pharmaceutical machines because in the same premises manufacturing 
other products is rather luxury but we would do that instead of keeping the machines ideal 
and hopefully those numbers also will be added in the next financial year but coming to 
Pharma in a big way the numbers will start little bit in the second half of next financial year 
but definitely in a decent manner from year 2024-2025. 
Vivek Tolat: 
Understood. Thanks a lot Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jenish Karia from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Jenish Karia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir if you can just help us with the volume and value 
numbers for IML and non IML segment? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
IML and non IML segments as I told you are more or less stable. Last Q2 it was 58.7% for 
all the labeled containers. Now it is 62.5% which is also similar to Q1 which was 61.8% so 
there is a marginal improvement in the total IML and labeled containers from 58.7% to 
62.5%. 
Jenish Karia: 
And the value wise? This was volume? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
In terms of value wise from 62.3% to 66.6%. 
Jenish Karia: 
Sir if you can just go ahead on value wise numbers for three segments paints, lubricants and 
FNF? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes paints has dipped from 59% last year to 53.8% but lubes have gone up from 19.3% to 
22% and food and QPACK that both come under food and FMCG has gone up from 21.4% 
to 24.1%. 
Jenish Karia: 
Okay thanks and that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh from Marcellus Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Harsh: 
A couple of questions from my side so my first question is on the debtors front so in 
FY2021 our debtors stood at around Rs.90 Crores? That went up all the way to Rs.143 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Crores in FY2022 and in H1 FY2023 it has again gone up to Rs.159 Crores so why are we 
seeing this rampant increase in debtors? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See debtors increase is related to sales as you all know and if you see two years ago the raw 
material price was low and the sales number as per se was around Rs.400 odd Crores. 
Today our sales number for the first half itself is close to Rs.400 Crores. For the full year it 
may be Rs.780 Crores to Rs.800 Crores so when you have doubled your sales automatically 
debtor levels also will go up that is one reason and one of the other reasons for the increase 
in debtors is though we are restricting all the new clients to either advanced payment or 30 
days credit older clients like Asian Paints and others they are on the way to increase their 
credit period not only for Mold-Tek but with all the suppliers other than SSIs so we are kind 
of committed to their philosophy and that is where we are extending our credit, but when it 
comes to the new clients and especially small and medium clients, we are very strict about it 
so we are maintaining 0 to 30 days credit. That has what has made the credit debtors 
situation still under control so 90 to 158 is mainly because your sales have gone up from 
Rs.420 Crores to Rs.430 Crores two years ago to Rs.800 Crores or Rs.780 Crores this year. 
That is the major. 
Harsh: 
How much has Asian Paints increased its credit terms? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I cannot give you exact details, but definitely they have increased. 
Harsh: 
Okay and my second question was that in the paints industry you have set up specific plants 
only for Asian Paints till now and now we are setting up plants for Grasim so Asian Paints 
has done well over the years but however what if Grasim does not do as well and we are 
faced with the plant which is not utilized its optimum capacity so what will be our plan of 
action in that regards? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See as I told you we are very careful in our assessment for setting up any new plants and we 
are also have a plan B like producing our food and FMCG products in that region so our 
selection fortunately Grasim has lot of faith in Mold-Tek and they have I cannot say that 
they have given us an option but they were respecting our options and they have given us 
Panipat where we wanted to be in the North to cover our food and FMCG clients in that 
area which is far from Hyderabad where we have this facilities as of today so food and 
FMCG will be growing rapidly once we have a plant in North and able to capture those 
clients in that area. Similarly we are also planning to choose another location if they offer 
which is towards South and gives us more access to those markets so that way we are 
prudent in our investments and we will have other products also other than just paints to 
make sure that our investments reap good benefits. Another idea in the long term if not 
immediately may be two to three years down the line is to even have the IBM facilities in 
those plants so that our product range is wider and our risk is mitigated. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Harsh: 
Okay Sir any particular reason why we are waiting for Grasim to allow us to open a plant in 
South like why cannot we open a food and FMCG plant even without Grasim? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Today we are in a position to go ahead with the current expansions and there are so many 
things on hand. We have the IBM going on at Sultanpur, pharmaceutical unit coming up at 
Sultanpur. We have a new land taken at Daman where we are forced to complete the plant 
there in the next six months for our West based food and FMCG majors and we have 
Panipat to be completed by end of 2023 and there we are planning a food and FMCG so 
with so many projects on hand and so many molds and robots to be installed and erected 
South can wait for a little bit and sooner or later once we have the commitment from any of 
the clients like ABGR or others we will be in a position to take a call on it and South being 
not so very far from Hyderabad we will be in a position to handle till then. 
Harsh: 
Okay thank you. Got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram H an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikram H: 
Good evening Mr. Rao and thank you for the opportunity. So first of all Sir given that we 
are already mid way through the Q3 any sense across your various business segments in 
terms of demand? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Demand wise touchwood we are on a pretty strong wicket. The problems of printing labels 
and getting the labels in time is still continuing till October, but situation might improve 
from November because our machine is under trials now and probably it will reach our site 
in the second half or end of November so from then things will improve because there are 
not much depth. Typically Q2 and Q3 quarters are weak because in the Q2 there will be 
heavy rains. Movement of goods and painting activity comes down and even consumption 
of frozen and dairy foods comes down in the Q2 and Q3 though the festivals are there some 
areas like sweets and some consumable products will improve like edible oil and others but 
sooner after the festival that is from October and November onwards again there will be a 
lull period till December so if you look at the historical data of Mold-Tek performance we 
always have the best Q1 and best Q4 and Q2 and Q3 are typically below these two quarters 
so by the time end of Q3 we will be coming out of the printing capacity problems and we 
will be adding huge capacity. In fact out of from three machines we have we will be five 
machines by the end of November or middle of December and we are also planning a sixth 
machine with a much larger versatility. If it is selected and trials are successful it also will 
be added by January end so that means we are more than doubling our IML and HDL label 
printing capacity by January and then we do not foresee any problem of losing sales which 
happened to some extent in this Q2. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Vikram H: 
Got it but from a demand standpoint customers across the three segments we are not seeing 
any slowdown? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes there is not much slowdown. Paint has not so grown in this quarter. I think the paints 
are up by only 4% whereas lubes are pretty strong. They have gone up 26%. That is not just 
because lubricant sales have gone up. That is basically we are able to bring in more clients 
into IML and also won some long term orders from the private sector giants like Valvoline, 
Benzol and others so that has enabled us to improve our overall numbers in the lubricant 
industry. 
Vikram H: 
Got it and second question Sir really on the following year which is FY2024 any sense of 
what topline growth you are looking for at a very broad level for 2024 and 2025 given 
many of your initiatives will actually come through some in 2024 and most of them in 2025 
any broad guidance? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Our target has been always to be in the bracket of 15% to 20% volume growth. I think in 
this year 2022-2023 we will achieve that because we have a strong beginning and Q4 will 
certainly be again strong this year we will be achieving a historical growth in our company. 
We never crossed 15% volume growth in the past at least past 20 years so this year I am 
confident our growth will be very close to 20% unless any drastic things happen in the 
economy we should be able to reach 20% of volume growth for the first time in the history 
of the company and we are aiming at maintaining that for the next two to three years in a 
row. The confidence comes from the fact that next year IBM ordinary products and a little 
bit of Pharma products would be adding around 2% to 3% growth and we continue to grow 
in thin wall and Qpaks by 50% to 40% growth. That on a 24% works out around 9% to 
9.5%. The indications from the paint industry there will be certainly double digit growth. If 
that happens we will be adding another 4% to 5% to the top line growth so all put together 
my calculations comes for a 15% volume growth for sure and if the Pharma picks up a little 
bit and Panipat starts some production numbers and Daman add some Asian clients we may 
be very close to 20% so for next year 15% looks definitely possible to achieve. As you 
correctly said the 2024-2025 will be again strong year for us because the Panipat will be 
contributing in a big way in a reasonable way and Pharma will certainly be adding numbers 
in a decent manner so for the next three years I can see the range of 15% to 20% volume 
growth is possible. 
Vikram H: 
The last piece was really around your capital allocation in terms of all the capex that you are 
planning how are you planning to fund that because you are obviously have internal 
accruals. You have debt. You could even do an equity raise so any broad sense on that? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See we have more than Rs.100 Crores to Rs.120 Crores of internal accrual and net of 
dividend. It may be in the tune of around Rs.90 Crores to Rs.100 Crores so that will be 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
more than adequate to take care for the next couple of years, but if any short fall in that we 
can easily borrow because our debt equity is less than 0.1 as of now including the debt of 
working capital so there is a tremendous scope to borrow in case of any big needs arise. I 
foresee the needs arising rapidly from 24% to 25% in the field of Pharma IBM but till that 
time it will be the plans for paint companies. Even Asian Paints is talking about today do 
not take my word. They are also having some expansion plans in the next few years and 
definitely we may get an opportunity to take part in those opportunities but that may not 
happen in the next year but may be in the next two to three years so looking at that our 
internal generations and debt will be more than adequate to take care of annual investments 
in the tune of 100 to 120 Crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kuvam Chugh from Aditya 
Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Kuvam Chugh: 
Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I had this question on our lube business 
so even though we had strong growth year over year sequentially there is quite a sharp 
decline from Q1 to Q2 from over 2600 tonnes to less than 2000 tonnes so what lead to this 
decline in volume? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Typically Q1 to Q2 there will be a drop in lube consumption all over the country because 
the movement of goods slowed down in monsoons and number of miles a truck clocks in a 
day comes down due to monsoon and disruptions on the travel so generally Q2 and Q3 are 
weak for lubricants. What 27% growth I projected or what we achieved whether it is 30% 
growth in FY2022 over the Q2 of last year so on Q1 it is very difficult to reach such 
numbers because in Q1 we hit Rs.55 Crores and now it is Rs.40 Crores in the Q2 so that is 
almost a 25% drop which is normal in our sales trend. That is why typically our Q2 and Q3 
numbers are at least 7% to 8% below the Q1 and Q4 numbers. Q4 will be again an active 
part of the year where lot of transportation happens, storage and consumption happens and 
movement of goods happens. Painting goes on a full brisk speed during summer and pre 
summer. Lubricant movement and consumption increases. Food and FMCG mainly frozen 
foods and dairy shoot up in the summer so that is why our Q1 and Q4 that is I would say 
rather January to July and June ending is the best period for our product demand and the 
remaining six to seven months they taper down. They pick up little bit briefly around 
Diwali but again there will be a lull for a couple of months and then the storing for the next 
seasons starts from January so January to June is our best time then things will be slower in 
the Q2 and Q3 because of the reasons I explained. 
Kuvam Chugh: 
Okay and in our Q1 conference call we highlighted that there was a DEF brand of lube that 
was driving growth so that trend has continued into Q2 or was that more of one off against 
Q1? 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
You mean that DEF product that I mentioned. 
Kuvam Chugh: 
Yes? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes that has continued to be one of the reasons for our decent growth in the lubes sector. 
Actually lube sector has not grown more than 5% to 6% in this year but we grew by 30%. 
That is an indication that still the DEF growth is coming in and also some of the majors in 
the private sector have given us long term agreements like what they did one or two did last 
year. This year again another two to three clients have given that by shifting more of their 
products into our gamete also including some of the IML conversions so that has given us a 
good growth in lubricants. 
Kuvam Chugh: 
On the pumps side of the business in an earlier conference call you had highlighted that 
Wipro has guided for a scale up in volumes towards the end of this fiscal start of next fiscal 
year? Is there any uptake there is that still going on? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Actually in fact the indication from them there will be a further delay so in the pumps 
segment we are not seeing a great future but definitely we are penetrating into Himalaya 
and other majors but with them they have committed volumes to some other suppliers so a 
part of the volumes they started taking as trail lot was supplied but major volumes would 
start from December and January. Even then the volumes would not cross more than 1 
million to 1.5 million per month as against our capacity of about 6 million per month so on 
that front we are still on the defensive but as I said the capacities are fungible. All the 
machines, auxiliaries, and land building everything that has been set for that project or 
product within our unit one at Anaram are being used for all other products whatever are 
possible on those machines like thin valve food products and caps and other closures so 
absolutely the machines are put to best use. The only thing is the investments of the mold 
and assembly machine that is costing put together Rs.3 Crores are partially utilized and that 
will continue to be so for the next few quarters is what I guess because until Wipro sets up 
in Hyderabad and start picking up the committed volumes of 2 million to 3 million the 
production requirements of pump may not go up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Maheshwary from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Good evening Sir. I just had one question as you mentioned about the volume growth and 
plus the plans which would be coming towards the Pharma and the IBM can you also give 
some color on the EBITDA per kg how it will scale up looking from a two to three years 
perspective from currently? 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
From the basic EBITDA impact as I mentioned in my note to BSE and NSE is that 
maintenance and breakdowns in our printing and printing capacity could not be ramped up 
in time. We have incurred additional costs in procuring those labels from outside with 
higher price and lower quality which has impacted our output reasonably not very badly but 
certainly about the tune of around Rs.1 Crores to Rs.1.5 Crores additional cost has been 
incurred and there is an increase in the power cost in all three states where major shares 
where we are operating that is Daman, Hyderabad and Andhra Pradesh. These three places 
they shot up the power cost by around 12% to 15% so we need to now recover it from our 
clients which should take a few months, but certainly we will be in a position to recover in 
the next few months so these are the reasons for the dampened EBITDA otherwise the 
EBITDA would have been healthily at around 42 to 43 by now. Having said that with the 
addition of Pharma in the year 2023-2024 to a very small extent but from 2024 to 2025 in a 
decent manner we will be in a position to ramp up the EBITDA numbers towards 45 levels 
so as I indicated last quarter also in a couple of years we can look at EBITDA in the region 
of 45 and another reason for my confidence is we are ramping up our printing capacity by 
almost 100% by this December which will enable us to make all the labels in-house and 
stop buying labels from outside even HCL labels from outside, which itself will be saving 
of about Rs.3 Crores to Rs.4 Crores per annum even at OPM level so that will improve the 
margins for the next few months soon after the capacities are created by January so with 
these two points one is the in-house making of entire labels, the second is getting into 
Pharma over the next two years would be a driver for our EBITDA improvement. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Sir as you mentioned because of the sharp jump in the power cost how much leeway or pass 
through we can recover from the clients? How the agreement or how the terms is being set 
so that whenever going forward also any such situation of higher cost takes place what is 
the lead time takes place to recover the entire high cost which will be borne by us? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
This kind of conversion costs we talk to our clients once in a year so we will not take them 
up on a monthly basis. Whenever the labor costs are enhanced by the Department of Labor 
and power costs are increased by the Electricity Boards we take up the matter with the 
clients and they typically take three to four months to approve it. 70% to 80% of them 
approve it. Another 20% to 30% of them will drag on it for a while but certainly may be in 
six months to one year time they will definitely cover up those costs. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Okay thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Y Rohit Reddy an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Y Rohit Reddy: 
So my question the first one is regarding the export orders so can you brief on quantity 
involved in export orders, I can see from the quarterly presentation so what are the margins 
for the shipping costs? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Shipping costs are now under control not only for Middle East but also for the USA and I 
am glad to inform you though they are not very huge orders beginning has taken place with 
our exports to USA. The numbers are slowly scaling up. I do not have the exact revenue 
number but I think in the region of about this year we might do at least Rs.2 Crores to Rs.3 
Crores or may be Rs.3 Crores to Rs.4 Crores worth of exports to USA. That is for various 
food products and even restaurant packs in the Indian restaurants mainly and also may be 
other stores. With this entry we are even planning some BD efforts, business development 
efforts in USA later in the year so that there are enough customer references for us from our 
Indian clients or NRI clients who are now currently buying from us and those can be used 
to even get into the lead from the direct consuming clients in USA like B2B so that 
opportunity can only add sizeable numbers but this will be an opportunity of maximum 
Rs.5 Crores to Rs.6 Crores per annum but that will be with a decent margin and decent 
quantities. 
Y Rohit Reddy: 
Thank you and regarding is it only for FMCG are we looking in the IBM kind of those 
orders? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Currently it is all FMCG because in IBM we are new entrants so food and FMCG is the one 
area where we have pretty strong presence and pretty wide product range so that is where 
we can convince foreign buyers on our strengths. Talking about IBM at this stage is too 
premature because we are just entering with one or two products and may be another 10 to 
12 products of pharmaceutical. Though they will be exported they will exported to Indian 
Pharma companies who fill their products and export. Of course we may get some export 
recognition for that but direct exports we can only start after our products are adopted by 
Pharma companies in India then we can directly find export of this containers to various 
countries not only USA for other filing companies which fill their tablets and powders and 
sell to US and Europe. They will be buying from us so that is another opportunity but that is 
a long shot sometime after 2024-2025 onwards. 
Y Rohit Reddy: 
Thank you Sir. My next question is regarding the raw material costs and also how much is 
the mix of the recycle and normal domestic? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Our raw material is stabilizing. The prices are stabilizing in the region of 105 to 110 for the 
last four to five months which shot up to 140 during February and March in last financial 
year and now they are hovering around 105 plus or minus Rs.3 to Rs.4 Crores for the last 
four months so there is some kind of stability there. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Gnanchand from Value 
Educator. Please go ahead. 
Gnanchand: 
Good afternoon Sir. Is there any update regarding QR coded IML? Have any clients 
launched it from the market? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes I explained about QR coded IML just a few minutes ago. There is a revived enquiry 
from Castrol because they have found some issues in their supply chain related to tampering 
and misuse of containers but they are asking for a complete solution including the cap or 
spout to be QR coded which is a little challenge we are trying to address. Meanwhile 
Valvoline is also taking steps in the direction but concrete things have not yet happened. 
Hopefully in this quarter we will be able to move a little bit ahead. 
Gnanchand: 
My next question is regarding IBM Pharma? Is it also possible to manufacture Pharma 
bottles via blow molding? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
There are bottles which are beyond on 1 liter or beyond 800ml are produced by EBM. Even 
we may have to have one or two machines of EBM ultimately once our product range is 
established. 
Gnanchand: 
Okay because for large capacities? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Larger bottles not for bottles below 500ml. It is not viable and it will not give the kind of 
finish which IBM can give. 
Gnanchand: 
Right so is there any margin difference between IBM and EDM Pharma bottles? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
There will be definitely a EDM within EDM Pharma bottles will fetch anybody much 
higher margin than the regular bottles because of the care you need, because of the hygienic 
conditions you have maintain, and because of consistency you require to deliver whereas in 
other products like edible oil packs or shampoo bottles not that nobody is bothered but 
definitely they are not as much concerned about the hygiene and consistency as a Pharma 
company would require so definitely there will be a difference in value addition, pricing 
between different segments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kuvam Chugh from Aditya 
Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Kuvam Chugh: 
Good afternoon. Just one more question from me, could you share the volume breakup by 
paints, lubes and FMCG? 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes volume breakup in paint is 4850 tonnes, lube is about 2000 tonnes and 1520 tonnes in 
food and FMCG including Qpak. 
Kuvam Chugh: 
Okay that is very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jenish Karia from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Jenish Karia: 
Thank you for the followup. Sir if I look at the realizations for the food and FMCG they 
have rather been flattish for the quarter or any specific reason for the same? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
That is what I mentioned to you. In the note also we have given to BSE and NSE that due to 
the purchase of IML labels from outside we have incurred costs in this quarter particularly 
because maintenance space especially electronic spares and semiconductor spares are not 
coming in time leading to longer breakdown of machines which pushed us to buy the labels 
from outside at a higher cost. It is not only higher cost with lower quality and higher 
rejections which has caused stagnation of EBITDA in this quarter and even we lost some 
sale to the tune of 3% to 4%. 
Jenish Karia: 
So the additional cost incurred is reduced from the revenue for the segment if by what you 
say? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
There are two impacts. One is we could not execute all the orders in the mainly IML 
product range and thereby we lost some sales revenue. Second is we have incurred higher 
costs by getting this labels printed outside and having the issues of quality and rejections 
which would have been avoided had our capacity expansion happened in time or had the 
spares for our machines were available in time. Both these two issues have cost a little loss 
of revenues and increase the cost of IML label overall, going forward we expect a decent 
improvement in the EBITDA. 
Jenish Karia: 
Good. I will take it offline and second question is with regards to the IBM Pharma project 
so the realizations that we are targeting in that will it be at par with the compotators or at 
discount or how we will be positioning ourselves in that market? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
This is too premature to talk about the pricing strategy for Pharma products but definitely 
there is an entry point through competitive pricing but whatever we pass on can be easily 
achieved through proper productivity management which Mold-Tek is having a strong in 
depth knowledge so we hope to be maintaining this similar pricing and enjoy the similar 
EBITDA margins which the current competitors are enjoying. There is no need to offer 
huge discounts and try to get into a price war because there is an expected increase in the 
demand for these bottles and caps in the coming quarters as I said in coming years at least. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
In a couple of years huge plants are coming up at Hyderabad in the Pharma Park. Already 
the city is moving towards that. Lot of lands and real estate activity started towards that part 
of the city and land allocations have been started in October so we will be definitely seeing 
plants coming up by 2024-2025 in two years time and being located in Hyderabad and well 
established contacts with the Pharma companies in supplying some of the bulk packs 10 
liter and 20 liter packs in a small way and our reputation being one of the best molders in 
the country we do not need to compete on pricing front to enter but if that be the case also 
we have the ways to maintain our EBITDA and improve our EBITDA level. 
Jenish Karia: 
Albright thank you so much for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Rao for closing comments. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Thank you very much for all the participants in taking interest in our company’s Q2 
performance and thanks for the interest shown and the time spent. I also thank Manish of 
Antique and their coordinator for their time and opportunity. Wish you all a good day and 
enjoy the evening. Thanks and bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking this concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining and you may now disconnect your lines. 
