 
November 11, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Symbol: RAINBOW 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code: 543524 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor call - Financial Results for Q2 & H1 FY23. 
 
Ref: Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investor call held on November 4, 2022, with regard 
to Financial Results of the Company for Q2 & H1 FY23. 
 
The said Transcript is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed 
through the following link: 
 
https://www.rainbowhospitals.in/investor-
relations/reports/Analyst%20Concall%20Transcript%20Q2%20&%20H1%20FY2023.pdf 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Rainbow Children’s Medicare Limited 
 
 
Ashish Kapil 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above. 
ASHISH 
KAPIL
Digitally signed 
by ASHISH KAPIL 
Date: 2022.11.11 
17:01:55 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 27 
 
  
 
Rainbow Children’s Medicare Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call 
November 04, 2022 
 
 
Call Duration 
 
1 hour and 15 minutes 
Management Speakers 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla – Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. R Gowrisankar – CFO  
 
Mr. Saurabh Bhandari – Business Analyst 
Participants who asked 
questions 
 
Dheeresh Pathak, WhiteOak Capital 
 
Bansi Desai, JP Morgan 
 
Madanagopal Ramu, Sundaram Mutual Fund 
 
Damayanti Kerai, HSBC 
 
Tushar Manudhane, Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
 
Saket Reddy, Polsani Enterprise 
 
Piyush Biyani, Individual investor 
 
Rahul Jeewani, IIFL Securities Limited 
 
Sumit Gupta, Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
 
Prashant Kutty, Sundaram Mutual Fund 
 
Mahesh, Individual investor 
 
Alankar Garude, Kotak Institutional Equities 
 
Kapil Agarwal, ITUS Capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Rutuja. Welcome, everyone to the Earnings Conference Call of 
Rainbow Children's Medicare Limited to discuss the financial performance for the 
second quarter and half year ended September 30th, 2022. We have with us,                   
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. R Gowrisankar, CFO 
and Mr. Saurabh Bhandari, Business Analyst.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to share that some of the statements made on today's 
call could be forward looking in nature, and may involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the quarter two 
FY23 results presentation that is hosted on the company's website and also on the 
stock exchanges.  
 
I would now like to invite Dr. Ramesh to make his comments. Over to you, sir.  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. Very good morning to everyone. I hope you all had a good festive season. So, 
it gives me immense pleasure to welcome you all to the earnings call for the second 
quarter and the first half of the current financial year. Before dwelling into the 
results, I would like to highlight the salient aspects of our operating model given that 
we are a recently listed company.  
 
The Rainbow Children's Hospital has 15 branches across the country with three 
outpatient clinics in six cities, having 1,555 beds. Our pediatric services under the 
“Rainbow Children’s Hospital” include newborn and pediatric intensive care 
services, pediatric multi-speciality services, pediatric quaternary care, including 
organ transplantation. “Birth Right by Rainbow” is an integrated, perinatal service 
within the children's hospital offering normal and complex obstetric care, 
multidisciplinary fetal care, perinatal genetic and fertility care, in addition, 
gynecological services. 
 
Rainbow is built on strong fundamentals of multidisciplinary approach, with a full 
time doctor engagement model, 24/7 consultant led service in a child centric 
environment.  
 
This is the model, the children's hospital being built across the world on core 
principles of multidisciplinary care, full time doctor engagement model and the 
children-only environment. We follow a hub and spoke model for wider coverage of 
the city. The Hub hospital provides comprehensive multi-specialty pediatric care 
with an advanced tertiary and quaternary care services, while the spokes provide 
24/7 emergency care, large outpatient services and comprehensive obstetrics and 

 
Page 3 of 27 
 
pediatric inpatients. That includes level 3 NICU services. The model has evolved 
significantly in Hyderabad city, and is gaining traction very well in Bangalore. We 
plan to replicate this model in Chennai and National capital region in the coming 
years.  
 
We run the country's largest academic training program for pediatrics and pediatric 
super-specialties in the private healthcare, offering post graduate, residential DNB 
training program and fellowship programs. We have a total of 128 seats across our 
group for training and we added, another 12 seats for our pediatrics and obstetrics 
and gynecology training program.  
 
So, regarding the performance of the quarter, historically, the second quarter 
witnesses a higher occupancy, patient footfalls and relatively robust financial 
performance. And we experienced a similar trend during the current quarter, where 
a strong growth is witnessed across all key operating metrics, like occupancy, 
outpatients, as well as in patient volumes across all the hospitals. Consequently, 
we registered the highest ever revenue, EBITDA and PAT in this current quarter.  
 
Our occupancy for the current quarter was 62.2% compared to the 46.6% in the 
corresponding quarter of the last financial year. The matured hospitals, which are 
over five years of operations had an occupancy of ~68% and maturing ones, which 
are less than five years of operations had an occupancy of ~48% for the current 
quarter. The occupancy for the first half of the year was a standard ~53% compared 
to ~43% in the first half of last financial year.  
 
As stated earlier, the second quarter witnessed a higher patient footfall and better 
occupancy, but the case mix was more secondary care pediatrics. This shift in the 
case mix resulted in moderation of average revenue per occupied bed during this 
quarter. The ARPOB for Q2 FY23 stands at INR. ~47,000, and the first half of the 
current financial year is INR. 49,000. So, there is 18% of growth Q2 year-on-year, 
of the revenue and also the growth of EBITDA and PAT during the Q2 year-on-
year, which are at 23% and 36% respectively. Our CFO, Mr. R Gowrisankar will 
give you further details in a short while.  
 
Regarding to our expansions. I'm pleased to share that we have added 55 beds 
spoke hospital on Old Madras Road in Chennai city started from September 1, 
2022. This hospital marks the initiation of our hub and spoke model in the city of 
Chennai. The hospital witnessed a good traction the first month itself, impressive 
numbers of OPD footfalls.  

 
Page 4 of 27 
 
The new other expansions, like spoke hospital in the financial district in Hyderabad 
city is near to completion, is expected to commence operations in Q4 of the current 
financial year.  
 
The project work for Central City Hyderabad and Anna Nagar in Chennai city are 
progressing well, and are expected to commence operations during the next 
financial year, probably mid financial year, halfway through. 
 
The next hospital for which we received the requisite permissions from government 
is in Rajahmundry, in the state of Andhra Pradesh. It is a 100 bed Greenfield project. 
The lessor will commence the project work soon at the site.  
 
The Company has signed up an agreement with the lessor to construct additional 
block of the 50 beds in the Hyderabad city which is right next to one of our spoke 
hospital in Hydernagar, to cater to future growth at this spoke hospital, because the 
Hydernagar spoke hospital is running full for most of the year and requires more 
beds.  
 
I also take pride in sharing with you that we have obtained NABH certification for 
two more hospitals. Thereby, having 10 hospitals certified by NABH in our network. 
We also have country's first JCI certified fertility center in Hyderabad.  
 
To summarize, the first half of the current year has largely been as per the 
expectations. The business has returned back to normalcy with operating 
parameters demonstrating strong growth. I wish to underline that Rainbow 
Hospitals continue to build a strong clinical health care model to deliver excellent 
outcomes for children.  
 
With that, I conclude and hope to continue our conversation in the subsequent 
quarter in the New Year. Thank you very much. over to Mr. R Gowrisankar, CFO.  
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Thank you sir. Good morning. First of all, I would like to thank you all for taking out 
time and joining our earnings update call. As told by Dr. Ramesh, quarter two was 
in fact medically a busy quarter. We have witnessed a robust growth in our 
outpatient and inpatient volume and also in delivery numbers. On the consolidated 
financials for the first half of FY23, we have achieved a revenue of INR. 550 crore 
as against the revenue of INR. 512 crore in the corresponding H1 of FY22. The top 
line has grown by 7% over last year, last year H1 and if we exclude the COVID 

 
Page 5 of 27 
 
vaccination one time impact on the last year, our normalized revenue has grown by 
28%.  
 
EBITDA margin has witnessed a growth of 14% over previous year H1 and stands 
at INR. 191 crore. If we exclude one time impact of COVID vaccination on this, the 
real growth in our EBITDA is at 31%. EBITDA margin for the current year H1 stands 
at 34.8%, as against 32.7% of the previous financial year H1.  
 
Profit after Tax for the H1 of FY23 is INR. 100.3 crore, as against INR.  81.2 crore 
for the H1of FY22. PAT margin has grown by 23% over H1 PAT margin of FY22, 
and PAT margin for the current half year stands at 18.2% as against the PAT margin 
of 15.8% over the last year H1 of FY22. 
 
Our OP volume has grown by 54% and IP volume has grown by 29% and delivery 
numbers have grown by 13% over the corresponding period of FY22. ARPOB for 
H1 of current year has shown a growth of ~5% over corresponding period ARPOB, 
excluding the COVID vaccination impact. We have witnessed occupancy of 52.76% 
for the H1 of FY23 compared to 43% of the corresponding period of FY22.  
 
When it comes to quarter two performance of FY23, we have achieved a revenue 
of INR. 313 crore. There is a growth of 32% of revenue over the previous quarter 
and 18% over the corresponding quarter of FY22. EBITDA margin of the quarter 
two of FY 23 stands at 35%, which is at INR. 109 crore. EBITDA has grown by 23% 
over corresponding quarter of last financial year.  
 
PAT for the Q2 for FY23 is at INR.  61.5 crore. PAT margin for the quarter stands 
at 19.60%, and PAT margin for the current year Q2 has grown by 36% over 
corresponding quarter of last year. OP and IP volumes for the current quarter has 
grown by 55% and 35% over the corresponding period of FY22. 
 
 We have witnessed a 62% occupancy in this quarter. Mature hospitals have 
witnessed 68% occupancy and new hospitals has witnessed 48% occupancy in Q2 
of FY23.  
 
Though our international business is not very significant, we are seeing a growth in 
the number of international patients visiting our hospitals for treatment.  
 
Our return-on-capital employed and return-on-equity stands at 14.79% and 12.95% 
for the first half of FY23. Our payer mix for Q2 remains at 48% credit and 52% cash.  

 
Page 6 of 27 
 
 
In this quarter, we have capitalized the project cost of OMR Chennai and we have 
incurred so for  INR.  22 crore towards the financial district and  Anna Nagar projects 
which are part of the CWIP as of 30th September, 22. Also, we have spent about 
INR.  2.3 crore towards the CSR expenses as against the mandatory spend of INR. 
2.4 crore for this financial year. We have utilized this CSR expenses for sports 
development, skills development and providing medical equipment for government 
hospitals.  
 
Overall, Q2 was the best quarter and we have seen growth in revenue, EBITDA, 
PAT, OP, IP and delivery numbers and occupancy. Thank you once again. Now 
we'll open the call for your valuable questions and insights.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from WhiteOak Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Yes. Thank you for taking the questions and congratulations on the great results. 
So, this sharp improvement, although, we understand the seasonality in the 
business, but just if you can further elaborate the increase in occupancy that we've 
seen. Is this in line with what we would have witnessed in the past years as well or 
this is some element of some viral vector-borne diseases or something of that sort 
which has impacted this quarter’s occupancy? And how do you see occupancy in 
the next two quarters for the second half of the year? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: See, the occupancy, what we have witnessed is definitely a lot more than what we 
expect in the current quarter, Q2. So, if we go back the last two years has been the 
pandemic years, where the pediatric business has been impacted significantly, 
because children did not kind of suffer or were not the sufferers of COVID. So, when 
we roll back and see in 2019, that our occupancies are about 56% annually. So, 
probably we're kind of limping back to the kind of a normalcy of our occupancies 
while adding number of beds. So, what we see is definitely that we're coming back. 
All the operating metrics are coming back to the normalcy.  
 
So that's what we see, in the particularly quarter two, definitely because schools 
have started, there's a lot of a viral infection, which normally do not require 
admissions. Some of them viral infections perhaps are more pronounced than 
coming to pneumonia, requiring admissions, which is why you see that our ARPOB 
has come down compared to the previous quarter, because of the secondary care 

 
Page 7 of 27 
 
case mix. So, I think moving forward in future, we expect to kind of come back, 
bounce back to the pre-pandemic occupancy. And where we are now at this stage, 
about ~53% of occupancy, we will continue to maintain the similar trend  till the end 
of the year. 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. So sir, if you have the numbers with you, like FY19, and ‘20, what would have 
been the occupancy in Q2 and Q3? If you have those numbers in front of you, 
otherwise, I can take them later. 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: They are not in front of me, but they're kind of more or less kind of, maybe two or 
three percentage points plus or minus. So, it will be very similar. Generally, the 
pediatric hospitals, our business is about Q2 and Q3 are more promising in terms 
of numbers, occupancies and revenues. So, certainly that the occupancy would 
have been higher at that time as well.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. Sir, the next question is in terms of new capacity. So, this year, we have the 
Chennai, which is already commissioned. And this, I think, in the last quarter, you're 
expecting the Financial District, Hyderabad to commission. So, those two would be 
the only additions for this year, right? And this Central Hyderabad and an Anna 
Nagar, that would commission like you said in the second half of next financial year. 
So, those two, 160 beds would be the additions in FY24 or there is some else, some 
other asset that is expected to come up in FY24? Commission in FY24? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Okay. So, the two which are in Central Hyderabad, as well as Anna Nagar in 
Chennai, and also, we expect to kind of have beds in Hyderabad city also. The 
block next to Hydernagar hospital, additional 50 beds are going to come. So, there 
is some other kind of brownfield projects that takes about nine months to 10 months’ 
time, which is kind of early to comment on those things. So, this is what we have 
definitely.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So, including Hydernagar, 50, FY24 should see 210 beds, commission. Is that a 
fair understanding?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: You are right. Yes. 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. And then FY25, although, it might be too early, but you mentioned 
Rajahmundry which is 100 beds, and is there any other assets which you feel? 
 

 
Page 8 of 27 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: We have Rajahmundry, NCR and spoke in Bangalore. They are all going to come 
in FY25. 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. NCR is how many beds? It is, as to my understanding, 100 beds and spoke 
is about 50 beds. So, as of now 250 beds in FY25? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. Some of the spokes varies. There may be some additional beds, especially, 
regional spokes like Rajahmundry. They could be 100 beds because they 
themselves are large cities with a large catchment area.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. And last question for Gowrisankar ji. How much was the CapEx for the OMR 
asset?  
 
R Gowrisankar: 
It's about INR. 60 lakh per bed.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Ok. So, it is in the same thumb rule. What will be the total maintenance Capex that 
you would do this year? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
This year we should do about INR. 40 crore. 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Maintenance Capex? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Yes.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Bansi Desai: 
Hi. Congratulation on good set of numbers. Sir, I have two questions. So firstly, on 
the margins. So, if I look at the first half, on the pre-IndAS number, we are almost 
tracking at 30% EBITDA margin versus what you have previously guided, which is 
closer to 25%. So, if you can just comment on this? Is this the new base that we 
are seeing or with the addition of new hospitals, we should expect this number to 
moderate in the coming years? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Thank you, Ms. Desai. See, so, when we have guided earlier about 25% pre-IndAS 
EBIDTA margins, so, certainly last year, not many beds have been added. So, the 
business has matured. If you look at it, our matured hospitals, and also maturing 
hospitals also contributed significantly. So, as we move forward with addition of the 
new beds, definitely the business probably going to go on the same way, margins 

 
Page 9 of 27 
 
will obviously get moderated to the 25%-26%. So, it is difficult to kind of give a very 
accurate guidance, but I would stick to what is deliverable from the company’s front, 
that is 25% which earlier I spoke on the call, while growing and adding more beds.  
 
Bansi Desai: 
Okay, and so my second question is on the utilization of cash. So, if I see the run 
rate over the next three years, we could be generating close to INR. 1100 plus crore 
of cash. Against this, our CapEx needs are closer to INR. 500 crore odd, if we were 
to expand the way you have elucidated. So, what would be the utilization of the 
balance cash?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Okay. So, I think we have certain plans, which I've spoken earlier also, that we are 
exploring some other Greenfield project especially in NCR region. So, once those 
things come into reality, which is currently work in progress, probably, we'll have a 
better understanding of the utilization of cash on the balance sheet, as well as the 
net proceeds which we raised from the IPO. But whatever when we look at it, it 
definitely going to be our cash surplus company, unless we kind of have a greater 
number of Greenfield projects. The situation is, we have a note that we have 
significant cash on the balance sheet. And thirdly, that we are generating the cash 
to the operations, quite significant amount, and all this is put together that whatever 
you plan, whether asset light, greenfield project, brownfields or asset heavy, also, 
including purchasing some land wherever there is an opportunistic opportunities.  
 
So, we have found value within these funds. Of course, you know, the last year, we 
have kind of done over 15% of the PAT of the dividend. So, there will be enough 
cash around. So, it's a comfortable situation. I'm confident on that, what things are 
going to go.  
 
Bansi Desai: 
And sir, last question before I get in the queue. Sir, on ARPOB, I understand, you 
know, it's the case mix which has driven the decline in this quarter. But if I look at 
the first half number, this is closer to INR. 49,200, which is a 5% increase over last 
year’s ex-COVID ARPOB. Given that we have taken price increases in Q1 of this 
year, does it seem to be on the lower side? Especially that given that we had guided 
for, 7% to 8% growth on the ARPOB numbers? So, what's the trajectory going 
ahead?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla : I think what we stated is that, when we had this busy season, where we're kind of 
fighting for the beds, you look at our ALOS has gone further down, because to 
accommodate more patients, to a significant shift in the case mix. That is a single 
most reason for the kind of moderation of ARPOB. But I think once we come back 

 
Page 10 of 27 
 
to the kind of a normalized the business, not so much of a bed crunch, we'll kind of 
get back to our INR. 49,000 ARPOB which is what actually we were expecting to 
do it.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madanagopal from Sundaram 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
 
Madanagopal Ramu: 
Good morning, Mr. Ramesh. Congratulations on excellent numbers. My first 
question is on how was it the beds added in the last one year in terms of occupancy, 
in terms of are they moving in line with our expectations?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes, Mr. Gopal. Yes. We are moving on lines of expectation. So good things are 
actually is that, after two years of difficult periods of COVID, in our pediatric 
business, what we are seeing is pretty normal case mix. It is OPD through footfalls 
and specialities, outpatients, as well as in patients and surgical work. Even 
obstetrics or deliveries have come back to normalization. Now, both outpatient, 
specialty mix and those things. So, this is a great news. So, this is where we have 
control and predictability is much better.  
 
So, the other factors, which are not in our hand, is that, all that with the seasonality, 
those things kind of play up, play plus or minus. 
 
Madanagopal Ramu: 
The payback period for these, what you expect? Generally our payback period, we 
say is four years, right? So, are they looking like they can do better than that, or it's 
moving in that direction?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: I think that that's very ambitious for the payback period of four years’ time. So, it's 
the seven years’ time.  
 
Madanagopal Ramu: 
Okay. And if the new hospitals that you are, that we are planning to together, if I 
add what you mentioned, it comes to around 450 beds, that's what the plan is, right? 
As of now, between ‘24 and ’25? You think any further scope is there to increase 
this? You mentioned Greenfield and NCR is possible. Any brownfield like in the 
existing places itself? I happened to visit your Guindy facility and congrats for an 
excellent facility actually, it was almost fully utilized when I saw that. What is the 
scope for increasing beds in the existing facilities itself or nearby in terms of adding 
beds? 
 

 
Page 11 of 27 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: We are exploring and by the same time it is in a very prime area for Chennai city. 
And I mean, we constantly keep looking around what is available in the vicinity and 
neighborhoods, so that, I mean, it's always good to add more beds where you are 
doing very well. So, sometimes it happens. Like in Hyderabad city, in one of the 
spokes, we got a great opportunity to add 50 more beds because that's also doing 
very well. So that kind of opportunities sometimes come, sometimes difficult. But 
however, in Chennai city, we are adding about 85 beds in Anna Nagar. So that is 
not very far from Guindy. I think that will balance out pretty well.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi. Good morning. Dr. Ramesh, my first question is to you. So, beyond your proven 
model in the city of Hyderabad, now you are expanding into newer markets. So 
what gives you confidence that you will be able to replicate your model in some 
newer cities, say Delhi, NCR, Bengaluru and how do you see competition scenario 
in these newer markets?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla:  See, the country is in need of children’s hospital. There's no doubt about it. Number 
one. Number two is that, when we moved from Hyderabad to kind of doing (starting 
hospital) in Bangalore and subsequently Chennai, then New Delhi. So, it's kind of, 
it does take time when you go the new city, but once you start settling, which is why 
we always go and do a hub hospital first, because that's what is going to 
differentiate you from other small, tiny Children's Hospital or maternal boutique 
centers because we're going as a multi-specialty children’s hospital. So, similar 
thing we have done in Chennai.  
 
So, we go and do a multi-specialty children's hospital, which would obviously take 
about three, four years’ time to kind of settle down to do well financially, then start 
adding more spokes. So, maturity something in which time is something which is 
very important to build a conceptually the model. So, then requirements made of 
children’s Healthcare is phenomenal. So, which everyone knows about it. We have 
done well in Bangalore, and we are tracking well in Chennai. We just started doing 
hub and spoke model and the next would be in NCR . In Delhi, It took a little more 
longer time than the South. So, now the Delhi is tracking fairly well and our 
credibility is going up. People come to know that there's a children's hospital model. 
So, we're comfortable to go and expand in Delhi now further. So, therefore, we are 
working. Our plans are to expand in the NCR, rather than Delhi.  
 

 
Page 12 of 27 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, sir. And how about the competition scenario in some of these markets? Or 
you think your model is very unique, and it won't be impacted much by what others 
are offering?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes, I would say some degree of competition will be there from the obstetrics side. 
But when we look at a model of ours, there's no competition to the Rainbow model. 
But there's always a pediatric service there in a small wing in a multi-speciality or 
smaller children's hospitals, but Rainbow going into a city with a unique doctor 
engagement model and also children-only environment services and also building 
a robust intensive-care services, multi-specialty. There is no competition in this 
area. So, it takes obviously time, because Children's Healthcare is not something 
which is can be aggregated or orchestrated. It has to be built very organically.  
 
So, we deal with a digitally native population, I think we need to think of our 
deliverables, and that becomes very, very important. So, when we go into a new 
city, it takes time for people to get comfortable that what quality of deliveries we are 
doing it, then the word of mouth and then it starts going really well. Once four or 
five years get past then the peak of growth happens in the six years to eight years’ 
time.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And eventually, you might also look at Mumbai market in future, if possible, 
right? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Well, as I said, there is a need and requirement in the country. But what is important 
is that unfortunately, this cannot be aggregated. So, and also the specialist pool is 
beginning to increase in the country. 20 years ago, when we started, there were 
only hardly few specialist doctors who were trained in the pediatric subspecialties. 
Now, recently there are a number of institutions in the country, a significant number 
of doctors coming from outside the country to join us to build a model. So therefore, 
that's very encouraging. And this requires kind of a more institutional approach and 
business growth organically. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Sir, that’s helpful. So, my last question is a clarification on your payor mix, 
Mr. R Gowrisankar. So, you mentioned 48% credit. So, is it TPA or you have some 
component of government?  
 
R Gowrisankar: 
We have TPA and corporate. About 1%  is  government and rest all are insurance 
only.  
 

 
Page 13 of 27 
 
Damyanti Kerai: 
So, government is just 1% and the rest is corporate and TPA? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Tushar Manudhane from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, firstly, just on the professional fees to doctors, as I see there have been sharp 
increase almost about 6 - 7% year-over-year. So, any specific comment there? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: So, the increase in the professional fees is mainly because we are adding new 
facilities and also newer portfolios. So, what we look at is overall professional fees 
across a group level. As a full-time doctor engagement model, for the doctor 
component of professional fees is 23%, maximum 24%. I think the first half of this 
year is about 23%, this time. I'm comfortable with that.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Okay. And, secondly, when I see mature and new hospital, ALOS is lower or rather 
ALOS is higher for the new hospitals by almost a day. So, is this a specific trend or 
this ALOS in a new hospital to reduce to the matured level over a period of time.  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Now, what happens is, these matured hospital, ALOS will be down in busy quarters 
like this. The reason is, because there's always a pressure on discharging early. So 
that's why the ALOS gets down. In the newer hospitals, there are beds, there's no 
pressure on next day to admit more patients. So that's probably reason a little bit of 
differences will come the newer hospitals to mature hospitals.  
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Also, one more factor is that in the new hospitals we have a cardiac institute, which 
has got about six days of ALOS. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood. And just lastly, if you could break down IP, OP volume, as well as IP, 
OP revenue into matured and new? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
We have done that. In fact, we have given that IP revenue, as well as the volume.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
As I have seen the presentation, it's a volume, not the revenue.  
 
R Gowrisankar: 
The revenue we have given is the overall revenue . 
 

 
Page 14 of 27 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
So, Tushar, about 70% of the revenue that we have mentioned would be the 
inpatient revenue and 30% revenue would be the outpatient revenue.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And, just further to this, into new and matured, any further bifurcation in terms of IP, 
OP? 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
No. So, Tushar. We don’t give that. We give it at the company level, the IP and OP 
volumes.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Reddy from Polsani 
Enterprise. Please go ahead.  
 
Saket Reddy: 
Good morning, sir. What are the ICU occupancy numbers for this quarter?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Intensive care services?  
 
Saket Reddy: 
Yes. Intensive care services. 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: I think we have about, I do not have an accurate number. At group level, I can say 
one thing, our ICU occupancies have been around 55%, both pediatric intensive 
care and neonatal intensive care. 
 
Saket Reddy: 
55% is it? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. 
 
Saket Reddy: 
Okay. And Delhi facility, are we breakeven on that?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. we are posting positive results in Delhi facility.  
 
Saket Reddy: 
Okay. And the insurance hikes? We mentioned in the last call that some of the 
cities, we're still yet to get some hikes. So, are they done in this quarter? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
I think Hyderabad is still to happen. Bangalore, Chennai it happened there, 
Hyderabad, we are waiting for it.  
 
Saket Reddy: 
Bangalore, Chennai in this quarter? 
 

 
Page 15 of 27 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: No. The Bangalore, Chennai has happened in the last quarter and Delhi also. 
Hyderabad, still negotiations going on because somehow there is a problem with 
some TPA and those things because post-COVID, they are really, really going very 
slow, and where I'm not sure whether it is something they're stressing on too much. 
We explicitly say that in the COVID period they have actually taken their own toll. 
We are pursuing. I think it will happen sometime, maybe in a couple of months’ 
time.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Biyani, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Piyush Biyani: 
Hi. Good morning. So, my question is regarding basically I want to know about the 
proportion department is proposing. What is the new proportion, basically? It will be 
good if you can able to give me the department.  
 
So, second question is regarding, as I understand that pediatric is the main 
component of your business, right. So, I want to know how much margin you're 
generating from the pediatric segment.  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: First question is that, given the granularity in children figures. See, this children 
healthcare is a very, very different unlike multi-specialty. So, for example, a sick 
child comes into hospital, does it belong to intensive care, or do they belong to a 
specialty? neurology, nephrology, sometimes with combined admission. So, the 
granularity becomes very, very difficult.  
 
With the granularity, whatever we work, it has always been like, you are outpatients, 
you are obstetrics revenue, intensive care revenue, or the pediatric revenue, 
pediatric surgical. So that's how we can have a fairly good division. When you try 
to further divide, it is difficult to kind of dissect into the specialties and intensive 
care, because the specialty patients are in intensive care. So how do you put that? 
Which pocket do you put it in? So that's the difficulty of children’s Hospital. So 
therefore, we have taken a conscious decision about to have a clear-pathways to 
kind of divide our business into the intensive care and super specialties together. 
And the pediatrics and other allied and obstetrics and outpatient business in the 
four verticals.  
 
On the proportion, overall proportion we have now segmented between the 
Obstetrics and Pediatrics, which is about 30% of our business is obstetric business, 
OBGYN segment and 70% of the business is pediatrics.  

 
Page 16 of 27 
 
 
Piyush Biyani: 
And what about margin? How much margin is there? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Margin, we calculate at the company as a whole. We don't again, subdivide that 
between this. We don't prepare a P&L for two segments separately.  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: We try to look at it. It's difficult because there's a pediatric component in the delivery 
also. So, there's a Fetal Medicine Department. It's a complex. It’s very difficult kind 
of a differentiator.  Unlike children's hospital in adult hospital you have nephrology, 
you have a urology, very clearly demarcated healthcare. Adult healthcare is like a 
wear and tear problems. As we age, we get into problems of urology, kidney. 
Children healthcare is more of like a congenital or infection or metabolic or various 
etiological factors. It is not wear and tear, which is why it's difficult to kind of 
differentiate between the specialty and intensive care. We look at it, but I think it's 
probably appropriate and fair. And that’s the structure you find in our consulting, 
doctor engagement model, etc. We work in teams. Teams generate revenue. They 
distribute revenues between themselves. So much easier, much fairer. So, we 
always try to build that. Our model is very similar to British-Canadian model. So, it’s 
kind of a doctor’s work for institutions. Institutions take care of the doctors. That’s 
what we are actually balancing out the last 20 years’ time.  
 
Piyush Biyani: 
No sir, actually my question came from ARPOB. If I can see, the ARPOB is 
declining compared with the last two three quarters, correct. And if I can see 
OBGYN, it is growing. So, I think, as for my analytical view, basically due to the 
increase in the delivery volume, because the ticket size if I compare it with the 
delivery with pediatric child healthcare, then it is very less, right? So, going forward, 
as per my understanding the token is shifted to delivery also. So, ARPOB, how it 
will impact ARPOB going forward? 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
So, if you look at the ARPOB, it is not declining. If you look at the ARPOB basically 
it is increasing. Whether you compare it to last Q2 of last financial year. Now, if you 
look at obviously, ex-COVID. Now, when you look at against the quarter one ARPOB 
and compare it, quarter one ARPOB will obviously be higher because what happens 
is your secondary care pediatrics, in the case mix, it is quite low in quarter one. So, 
you know, for a company like ours, it is very important that you compare your ARPOB 
on a YTD basis. So, when it is nine months, you compare nine months of last year 
vis-a-vis nine months of this year, rather than comparing it on previous quarters 
because there is too much seasonality in the business which will not give you a right 

 
Page 17 of 27 
 
idea on the ARPOB. That's first. So, our ARPOB is increasing on a YTD basis. That's 
the first point.  
 
Now on the second point, if you look at the pediatrics, it also has a component of 
tertiary and quaternary care pediatrics, which has  quite substantial ARPOB. It's the 
only secondary care pediatrics, which is cold, cough and fever, and which is 
seasonally pronounced during the rainy time. So, this is why you're seeing ARPOB 
which is lower in this current quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Thanks for taking my question. And also in the last call, you had indicated that 
typically 2Q and 3Q occupancies for us are 700 basis points, 800 basis points 
above the 1Q run rate. Now this quarter, we delivered significantly above that, but 
what are you seeing in terms of 3Q occupancy? So, do you expect to sustain let's 
say 60% kind of occupancies in 3Q as well? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. Rahul, this is a very difficult answer because as I earlier explained to you that 
Q2 was definitely more pronounced than usual Q2 because of the first time children 
going back to school and various other factors. We had torrential, unseasonal rains, 
seasonal rains, all kinds of things. So, we had the mix of viral infections in the 
community, which we think is seen in even other healthcare hospitals also. 
Significant medical admissions have come in Q2. So, going on to the Q3, I think 
what is important is that we will definitely do a kind of a better occupancies. But 
whether to do similar ones or not, it is difficult to say at this point of time. As we 
move forward, the Q2 and Q3 occupancies will be higher. Sometimes Q2 will be 
more and sometimes Q3 will be more. This season sometimes fluctuates and varies 
between the Q2 and Q3, one to other. It's difficult to predict.  
 
So however, I think we are coming back. Good thing is that our normalized business 
has come back. Complete normalcy, as we see it. And we are hoping to kind of do 
the other parameters which have been not done well is like, specialty, obstetrics 
and the surgical, some transplant work, all these things will start picking up. The 
occupancy is something that varies between a quarter and quarter based on the 
seasonality. But interesting thing is, our main business is coming back. So, we're 
very comfortable about whatever the guidance we have earlier given for the year. 
That's what kind of we can say at this point in time. 
 

 
Page 18 of 27 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. Can you instead comment on the full year occupancy then, because pre-
COVID, we were operating with 52% kind of occupancy level. So, with the capacity 
expansion, which we are planning out over the next three to five year period, would 
we be able to maintain overall occupancies at around 52%, 53%?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. That's what we are expecting about. It's a 50% plus occupancy is that 
something which we expect to do in the current year.  
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure sir. So just on the seasonality again, now last year 4Q, we saw a very 
significant impact on our margin. And that was because 4Q was a seasonally weak 
quarter for us, while our cost base remained largely the same due to which our 
EBITDA margin on a pre-IndAS basis last year 4Q were around 16%. So, this 4Q, 
do you see such a strong seasonal impact on margins this year as well? Or do you 
think that this year 4Q, the margins could be closer to our full year kind of guidance 
which we have given?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: I think it is not going to be that easy to say the fourth quarter, how it's going to pan 
out. But I'm sure overall, with the normalcy of the business coming back, it may not 
be so much weak. That's what my expectations are. So, I mean, a quantifying 
occupancy is pretty difficult at this point in time. But what we can say, what I earlier 
said is that we expect to kind of drive  occupancies of beyond 50%. And when you 
have that kind occupancies, I think, a normal business we expect to do well.  
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And just one last question on the Delhi market. In the last call, you 
indicated that you want to convert the Rosewalk luxury hospital to a normal 
childbirth hospital. So how are those plans progressing? And then with respect to 
the NCR expansion as well, I think you were trying to acquire some land parcel in 
that market. So, any update on that front?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: We have number of people working on it. I think we still haven't got a clear indication 
that, finalization of that. We are working on it and the work in progress of the NCR 
expansions. Regarding Rosewalk, yes, of course, we are actually converting that 
from luxury to the Rainbow model. So, which is happening now. So, we are 
recruiting more full-time doctors and also we are kind of converting it as a Rosewalk 
by Rainbow, rather than luxury hospital. So, this will take obviously some time to 
build the numbers.  
 
So, Malviya Nagar is going on well. I'm quite happy and satisfied the way things are 
going with Malviya Nagar, and we're able to kind of see good traction in Delhi. Now, 

 
Page 19 of 27 
 
people know about Rainbow, know about brand. That is the time has come for us 
to expand in NCR.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Sumit Gupta: 
Hi. Good morning, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just want to know regarding 
the COVID impact in 2Q 22 for the matured and new hospitals, the impact on the 
ARPOB? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: There is about INR. ~8000 impact on ARPOB in second quarter of last financial 
year. ARPOB was about INR. 55,000 in first half of last financial year, and the 
impact of COVID vaccine is INR. ~9000. So, when you kind of adjust that the COVID 
impact and compare it with ARPOB of first half of current year INR. ~49,000, there 
is a growth of 5% odd.  
 
Sumit Gupta: 
Right sir. So, just I want to know regarding the mature and the new hospitals, the 
impact of the COVID? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: There is INR. 8,000 rupees difference between mature and maturing hospitals.  
What has happened is, we have done more vaccines in maturing hospitals because 
the maturing hospitals have got a bandwidth to do it because they are new 
hospitals, staff is there, doctors are there. So, we have done lot more vaccines from 
the new hospitals. We have enough manpower.  
 
Sumit Gupta: 
Second question is regarding the doctor retention model. So, what is the retention 
ratio for the past like four or five quarters? And what strategy do you implement in 
retaining those doctors with respect to the competitors? They also have a good 
brand. So, they can attract talent from you. 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Overall, our attrition is a very, very miniscule, I think we don't track up what one 
quarter or even here and here. We see it once in two years’ time. I think our attrition 
is, what we look at is two things. One is at a consultant level. Consultant level 
attrition is pretty negligible. And the people who get trained and go out and they're 
kind of a trainees in fellowship programs which we cannot take them as an attrition. 
of late, what we are trying to do is a significant number of doctors who have been 
trained with us for especially fellowship programs and even DNB pediatrics, we 
have been retaining them back into the system because they already know our 

 
Page 20 of 27 
 
structure and system philosophy. So, that's going very well. So, we are pretty 
comfortable with overall our ability to attract and retain the doctors.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kutty from Sundaram 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Just a couple of clarifications which I had. In the 
press release, you mentioned about some of the offerings you're going to add in 
the next couple of quarters in the next year. Just saw that Bangalore and may be 
even your Bangalore facility, I mean, any comments on Delhi was missing. So, any 
thoughts in that terms of how the beds would be coming up or whatever, because 
you've spoken about a couple of spoke additions conditions in Hyderabad and in 
Chennai, and you've also spoken about Greenfield in Andhra Pradesh and one 
more spoke in Hyderabad in the next year. But any thoughts on Bangalore and 
Delhi?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes, I think as in Bangalore, we have one hub and two spokes. One spoke is in 
construction phase, which is a greenfield construction phase. We also have a plan 
to kind of look out for one more spoke to add in the next 18 months’ time. So that's 
Bangalore. So probably Bangalore and probably in about 18 months, two years’ 
time, we will have two more spokes, about addition of another 120 beds will be 
there in Bangalore.  
 
Prashant Kutty: 
125? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. 120 to 125. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
60 to 65 beds each. 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. That is how will do. The NCR is something which we are actually looking at it. 
So probably in the next quarter, I will be able to give you a lot more clarity in the 
NCR. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Okay. And as far as Andhra Pradesh is concerned, you just spoke about one hub 
coming up. That's only one which is there right or are you planning for any other 
spokes if AP is concerned? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: It is an early phase to talk about Nellore and Kurnool. So, we got permissions to 
construct Rajahmundry Hospital. That is 100 beds. The lessor is going to kind of 

 
Page 21 of 27 
 
start the work. It will take about exactly two years from now to commence. There is 
a timeline which were agreed with the builder.  
 
Prashant Kutty: 
So, just reiterating one point. So typically, one can say that this year will add about 
close to 200 odd beds, and even after then also we'll be looking at adding about 
close to 200 beds. And maybe ‘25 could see a much larger increase in beds. That's 
a fair assumption? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. Exactly. Yes. Some other projects, which are greenfield, will take its own time, 
two years’ time. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Two years’ time is to be taken in that.  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. Exactly.  
 
Prashant Kutty: 
And just one more clarification sir. When you said that ARPOB had the impact, 
obviously of COVID and also, like you said, the ALOS was slightly higher, because 
that reason the ARPOB kind of got slightly impacted. But I presume the price 
increase is largely already factored into the ARPOB as of now, right. Or is there any 
element of price hike which is still left to be done? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: No, I don't think there's anything left in the price hike for the current year. 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
The Hyderabad insurance, this has to be signed. So that will give you more 
revenue.  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: I won't give too much guidance on Hyderabad price hike. We are according to the 
TPA’s rating, that we are already at a very good price. So, there is negotiation going 
on. It's too early to guide anything.  
 
Prashant Kutty: 
So, basically, this is a function of operations as volume comes in, you'll probably 
see that normalization of the ARPOB.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Mahesh: 
Sir, I just wanted to know your cash position as on day, what are your free cash 
flow that you will generate this year and what are your plans with the cash that you 
will generate?  

 
Page 22 of 27 
 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
So, we have about INR. 500 crore cash balance as on date. As we said earlier, we 
have committed capital expenditure of about INR. 600 crore. Now, we have got 
plans to expand by about 1000 beds in next about three to five years. Also we will 
have enough internal, we don't have any plans to borrow money now. If any more 
cash accruals are left, I think Board should take decision. Considering the situation 
the board will take decision on giving dividends.  
 
Mahesh: 
Also, sir, is there any plan of any inorganic growth that you're looking at with this 
cash in your books?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: So, inorganic growth is something which we are not negative about it. We are kind 
of obviously, the opportunities have to be attractive, and also philosophically 
aligned, where we can add significant scale of patient or the scale to the operations, 
then absolutely we are fine with that. So, we have a model which is a very well set 
and we do not want something of different models where the difficulties are posed. 
So, we are kind of cautious on that the same time we are open and perhaps 
probably start exploring towards the end of the year, next year.  
 
Mahesh: 
Also sir, what was the free cash that you have generated in these six months? And 
what is your expectation that it will generate in the coming six months? I mean, by 
the end of this year?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: I think that kind of quantitative guidance is difficult to do. I think we have already 
said and we will stick to that, what we were able to kind of our deliverables about 
25% of pre-IndAS EBITDA or 30%-31% of the post-IndAS EBITDA. Post IND AS 
EBITDA of INR. 360 crore is something which we have committed, which will be 
achieved definitely.  
 
Mahesh: 
Fair enough. Sir, one more slight doubt on this, that what are your operating beds 
currently, because you're having somewhere around 1700 beds, 1700 odd beds. 
What are the operating beds among that? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Sure. We have 1,555 capacity of beds and we have 1,065 operational beds.  
 
Mahesh: 
This is including the new capacity that you have added in Hyderabad? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Yes. Not Hyderabad. Chennai, OMR is included.  
 

 
Page 23 of 27 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Yes. So, Chennai facility only opened in the last month, in September. So, you 
know, we have taken the weighted average beds for this particular period. 
 
Mahesh: 
So, 1155 and the ARPOB would be somewhere around INR. 50,000 balanced. 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Yes. With the growth of 6% to 7%. Alright, fair enough.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from WhiteOak 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Thanks for the question again. The rental cost, Mr R Gowrisankar for Q2 and 1H is 
how much?  
 
R Gowrisankar: 
For 2Q, it is INR. 14 crore, actually. So, as I said, we take it as 5%. But the difference 
between the pre-IndAS and post-IndAS EBITDA, is INR. 14 crore which is rental 
cost.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So, last year it was full-year, INR. 60 crore. So, this year there'll be no escalation in 
any of the rental.  
 
R Gowrisankar: 
We have escalations in this year. Also we have rental for new facilities. So, it will 
go up actually. 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
No, in the base assets also, there is no escalation this year. When will we see 
escalation? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
See, we have got some facilities escalation coming from Q3 actually. 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Q3? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Q3. So, it's once in three years it happens actually. Some of the facilities are having 
escalations.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Yes. That I know, it is lumpy. So, that is what I want to know that in the second half 
is it going to be how much higher? Because is it more like a large percentage of the 
assets’ rental escalation is kicking in from second half? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
No. Still Dheeresh, you can keep the rental cost as 5% on the overall revenue. 
 

 
Page 24 of 27 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. On the new hospitals, can you share the EBITDA from the new hospitals, like 
you shared the revenue? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Unfortunately, we don't quite of give guidance unit by unit and what we broadly 
categorized is, matured or maturing hospitals. I think that table is there on maturing 
hospitals and then terms of occupancy. So, that is the new hospital bucket. 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So sir, among the new hospital bucket, is there any asset which is negative EBITDA 
right now or all assets are positive EBITDA? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Some has just started, I think, this year, there are no new hospitals are in negative, 
but for the OMR (Sholinganallur) which we started in September actually.  
 
 
As of now, the hospitals, there's no negative contributor on EBITDA except the new 
one, which started about a month ago. 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. And this OMR and the Financial District, what would be like, there will be 
some drag, they will have right, because they will not be EBITDA positive 
immediately. So, what is the fixed cost in the OMR and Financial District hospital? 
Just to have a sense on an annualized basis, what are the fixed costs in these two 
assets? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: So, they are about INR. 2 crore in OMR for this year. 
 
R Gowrisankar:              For the next year, we are expecting about INR. 2 crore of negative EBITDA from 
OMR.  
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
So, the ratio of OMR, our fixed costs is about INR. 1.8 crore to INR. 2 crore a month. 
So, annually, we can take our annual costs on that. So, it should be between INR. 
20 crore to INR. 24 crore cost for the OMR. On the financial district, it is too early 
because we are still yet to scout for doctors and staff and everyone is yet to join. 
So, at this point of time financial district is difficult to get. But OMR, this is what the 
cost is.  
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. When you say fixed costs, this includes rental and this will exclude the 
variable payout consultant fees, right? The COGS and the variable payout is 
excluded and everything else is part of it? 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
 Yes.  

 
Page 25 of 27 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.  
 
Alankar Garude: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning everyone. Sir, can you provide an update on the extent of 
recovery, both in IP and OP in the Bangalore cluster post the pandemic? Are we 
back to the pre pandemic levels?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes, we are. We're back to the pre pandemic level both, in IP and OP. Perhaps 
there's a growth in both, the mature units like Marathahalli and as well as 
Bannerghatta Road. There's a new unit also, kind of posting positive EBITDA.  
 
Alankar Garude: 
Got it. So basically, the recovery in Bangalore is in line with what we would have 
liked to happen in FY23. 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes. Absolutely.  
 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay. Thanks. Similarly, on Delhi, it's been a slightly slower journey for us 
compared to the other markets. Have we completely sorted some of the initial 
challenges and also parallel, can you highlight some initiatives being undertaken to 
ensure better growth in Delhi? 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: I think in Delhi, overall, our revenue is growing, clinical numbers are growing and 
also our overall services like intensive care services are actually picked up much 
better. Obstetrics is doing very well. And specialties growth is something which is 
kind of yet to happen. So, I think overall, the property and cost structures are quite 
different from the rest of the country. So therefore, which is why there's some 
challenge on the profitability but overall, as a business, if you ask me, how we are 
trending and doing number-wise, we are doing fairly well.  
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Just to add what Dr. Ramesh said, Alankar, the outpatient volume in Delhi, which 
basically is Madhukar, has grown 44% in H1 of this year vis-à-vis H1 of last year. 
So, there is growth in all parameters in Madhukar.  
 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. And one final question. Any updates on the Guwahati plans?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Not yet. Actually, we are still kind of working on it. It'll probably take some time, I 
think, to be honest. We have done some sweep shots, see how things are in 
Guwahati, but there are two ways what we're looking at it. One is, that brownfield 

 
Page 26 of 27 
 
projects, we couldn't find a really suitable building for us to enter into the city. And 
the greenfield, is something which we thought we probably do it. It may take a 
longish time but it's still probably that's an appropriate way. So, we had to kind of 
start working seriously under greenfield. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Agarwal from ITUS Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Kapil Agarwal: 
Hi, sir. I have one question. So, when I look at the ARPOB between FY19 then it 
was about INR. 26,000 to right now, it's about INR. 45,000. We need some sort of 
normalcy over time. I want to understand, considering this ARPOB growth is almost 
doubled in four years, I want to understand where this growth in ARPOB is really 
coming from?  
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: Yes, Kapil, this ARPOB growth in the last four or five year’s time is, I wouldn't say 
it's doubled, it's grown by 60%. So yes, we have grown by almost 8% to 10% 
consistently last few years’ time. That's because of that maturity. A lot of hospitals 
are matured. Number one. The number one reason is that maturity of the hub and 
spoke in Hyderabad city. Number two is, that adding more services like quaternary 
care, during transplants and those things. And third is, that Bangalore is turning 
around very well. That's another one. And there more mature hospital beds than 
new hospital beds. In pandemic time, we really did not do many hospitals. So, and 
also, there is a pricing and also in better insurance negotiations, and also, 
significant increase in our brand. The brand recognition has become huge, and that 
the footfalls have come up a lot and a lot more in outpatient departments. So, 
combining all these factors together, I think that growth has happened year-on-year 
almost 10% to 12% growth.  
 
We have come to a stage now where we are, which is why our guidance, what we 
thought ARPOB growth will follow the 6% to 7%. Four, five years ago, we were 
smaller organizations. We have become a kind of relatively a medium sized now. 
So, the shift has happened quite significantly in the last five years’ time, from our 
smaller organization to the multi-city, and also robust to growth, and also brand 
recognition. All the things have happened. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
 

 
Page 27 of 27 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla: So, thank you very much to all the participants of the call today. I mean, to conclude 
that, we had a great quarter, and an excellent one, we were able to post excellent 
results. But what's more important for me as a doctor promoter is, to see that 
children are addressed and their healthcare needs are taken care of very well. And 
also saving those sicker ones, sick children and newborns is something that is very, 
very important. And also, recognizing some of the surgical problems early in 
childhood would actually change their lives completely. And also, we are going to 
kind of bring them back and make them kind of efficient with the normal health, the 
normal health back and also increase the visibility for future. For example, the lot of 
undiagnosed, fully unaddressed, neglected pediatric problems are going to pose 
problems later on in the life when they are in the prime age of 16 years to 30 years’ 
time. So that's where the children's healthcare is something which is a great need 
of the country. And also, this is what, as we grow from now to future, is one other 
important metric that you know how we look at the Sensex, we need to look at our 
mortality rates of newborn mortality rates, infant mortality. They are something very 
important for us to be a developed country in the world. Thank you very much. And 
we'll hope to catch up with you once again in the quarterly results. Thank you very 
much.  
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Yes. And should you have any question please reach out to our 
investorrelations@rainbowhospitals.in. We would be happy to engage further with 
all of you. Thank you so very much for your time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Rainbow Children's Medicare 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your line.  
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
 
 
 
