Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“GMM Pfaudler Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
  
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARAK PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
MR. THOMAS KEHL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS – GMM PFAUDLER 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ASEEM JOSHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
INDIA BUSINESS – GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
MR. ALEXANDER PÖMPNER – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS – GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH PODDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INDIA BUSINESS – GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
MS. PRIYANKA DAGA – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER - 
STRATEGY FINANCE – GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '23 Earnings Conference 
Call of GMM Pfaudler Limited. As a reminder all participants lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Priyanka Daga from GMM Pfaudler Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Priyanka Daga:  
Thank you, Michelle. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to all of you 
into the Q2 FY23 Earnings Call of GMM Pfaudler Limited. The earnings presentation was 
uploaded on the Stock Exchange last evening and is also available on our website. Hope all of 
you had a chance to go through it. From the management, we have with us our Managing 
Director, Mr. Tarak Patel; our CEO of International Business, Mr. Thomas Kehl; our CEO of 
India Business, Mr. Aseem Joshi; our CFO of International Business, Mr. Alexander Pömpner; 
and our CFO of India Business, Mr. Manish Poddar. We will give you a brief overview of the 
performance of the company, after which we will get into the Q&A. 
Before we begin with the overview, a brief disclaimer, the presentation which we have uploaded 
on the Stock Exchange and on our website, including our call discussions that will happen now, 
contained or may have certain forward-looking statements concerning our business prospects 
and profitability, which are subject to several risks and uncertainties and the actual results could 
materially differ from those in such forward-looking statements.  
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Patel to provide an overview of the performance. Over to 
you, Tarak. 
Tarak Patel: 
Thank you, Priyanka, and good afternoon to everybody. We are happy to report a strong quarter 
with a revenue growth of close to 21% year-on-year. Our EBITDA margins have also improved 
to 15.2%, and our order intake has also increased 6% year-on-year. As for the order backlog, we 
stand currently at INR 2,119 crores, which gives us visibility for the next 6 to 9 months as well. 
We continue to see a lot of traction both in the chemical and pharmaceutical spaces around the 
world and we believe that both international business and the India business will continue to do 
well, which will be driven by these two main industries. 
The international business has done really well this quarter, both in terms of revenue and 
profitability. Our European business, in spite of the higher energy costs and the cost reduction 
measures that we have taken, has done quite well. And we believe that looking into the future, 
the European business will kind of stabilizer stabilize with energy prices now stabilizing and 
also kind of going down. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
We've also completed the acquisition of Hydro Air Research Italia. This is a company that we 
had acquired a few months ago, that acquisition is now complete. This company deals in 
membrane separation system and opens new industries as well. We've also completed the 
acquisition of the balance 46% in the GMM International S.a.r.l.  
As many as you know, GMM was a subsidiary of the company and now wholly owned 
subsidiary of GMM Pfaudler Limited with 100% of the profit accruing from Q3 onwards. We 
also have reaffirmed our credit ratings both by CRISIL and ICRA, AA- and A1+, respectively. 
We also completed recently our first Investor/Analyst Day, which was held in September 2022. 
Now to give you a little bit more color on the numbers, both consolidated and standalone, I 
would like to invite Manish Poddar, our CFO of the India Business to take you through the 
numbers. 
Manish Poddar:  
Thank you, Tarak Good evening, everyone. So, to start with the consolidated balance sheet. We 
see NCI that the Non-Controlling Interest has netted that's because we just acquired the balance 
for the 46% of the Pfaudler International. So going forward, you'll see 100% of the profits 
accruing to us. Similarly, the debt has increased primarily on account of debt that we have taken 
in acquiring this stake. Pension liabilities have gone down substantially on account of rising 
interest rates and therefore the present value of the liabilities going down. 
 
Moving on to the goodwill and intangibles there have been some addition on account of the 
Hydro Air investment that we made in Italy. Similarly, talking about the few ratios, the net debt 
is INR 767 crores gross minus INR 300 crores cash, say INR 467 crores and so net debt to equity 
stands at 0.7. Net debt to EBITDA stands at 1.1. 
 
Moving on to working capital. There's a slight increase in the working capital. Some debtors 
need to be recovered in the standalone business for India. There have been some increases in the 
working capital overall, primarily on account of heavy engineering taking larger share of the 
business. 
 
And then moving on to the cash flow. So there has been business cash generation of INR 231 
crores and the investment of INR 251 crores on the working capital and capex and the balance 
has been primarily on account of repayments of the debt and the interest thereon. 
 
Moving on to dividend and the EPS. We have the annualized EPS would turn out to be something 
like say, INR 50 if we just annualize it for the H1 deferrals and the ROE and ROCE has also 
improved substantially to 29.2% and 33%. That's it for me. Priyanka, do you want to take it? 
Priyanka Daga: 
Thank you, Manish. Michelle, we can now open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
[Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam from 
Axis Capital. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
My first question is to Manish, more like a book-keeping question. I believe that if you actually 
look at the numbers, second quarter numbers, your EBITDA is close to around INR 119 crores 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
for the consolidated entity. The standalone entity has done INR 42 crores, and Mavag and 
Pfaudler Inc. has done INR 70 crores. So, INR 42 crores and INR 70 crores adds up to 112 and 
there is another positive INR 7 crores. 
 
So, is there anything else in the company that we are missing here? Because ideally, if you look 
at the numbers, last year usually, when you added the numbers which you gave in your 
standalone EBITDA and your international EBITDA, you had to actually do some elimination 
of INR 6 crores or INR 7 crores to get the consolidated EBITDA. 
But since the first quarter of the current year, it's slightly different. When you add up your 
standalone numbers, which you put in your PPT and the international numbers, you can actually 
add a small number to get to the consolidated EBITDA. So, can you please explain this? 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes. Good catch, Venkatesh, yes that's true. That is primarily on account of accrual accounting 
concept per se. So, what happens is, when you export from India to say, Germany or US in this 
case, so you accrue to the profit in the standalone business in the earlier quarters.  
However, in the consol, you get the profit -- the entire profit of standalone and international 
business once you sell it out from the group, which happened in Q2. So therefore, the shipments 
for which India shipped before Q2 and international business then moved out to the ultimate 
customer in Q2, the entire profits of standalone and consol accrued to this quarter. So that's 
where the INR 7 crores of positive is there. You may see this small number positive or negative, 
depending upon which quarter was higher or lower, going forward as well. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Now I also remember that Mr. Patel had given some kind of colour after the first quarter result, 
here he said that as of now, you are executing your orders with higher cost inventory of steel 
and you are expecting that given steel prices have come down, third, second half of the year, 
your margin should be better. Now you've already got to 15.2% consolidated margins in the 
second quarter. So, is it reasonable to assume that margins can go up even further from here in 
the second half? what exactly do you expect happens to the standalone numbers because, which 
are contracted quite sharply on a Y-o-Y basis in the first half? So, are you expecting that to 
improve or you're expecting more of an improvement in the international part of the business? 
Manish Poddar: 
Venkatesh so, I think, Y-o-Y comparison for standalone maybe a bit of an aberration simply 
because that was the first two quarters of the year of FY22 where we got the rise, but we're still 
consuming the old plates. And now exactly that the opposite has happened in these two quarters 
of this current financial year. And that's why you see that huge difference between a 25% and 
16.5%, 17% sort of a number. We expect this to normalize in second half of the year. So for Q3 
and Q4, we should see maybe improvement there on a standalone basis. International business 
has already enhanced its performance to something like 13%. So, we expect something like 12%, 
13% to continue for them as well. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Just one last question, if I may. What would be a reasonable effective tax rate for the full year 
for the consolidated entity? 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes. So effective tax rate, something like 27%. If you're alluding to this quarter per se, so there 
has been a deferred tax credit, and there's a much lower percentage, but that's not a true reflection 
of a sustained basis. On a sustained basis, something like 27% of an effective tax rate is 
reasonable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Utsav Mehta from Edelweiss AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Utsav Mehta: 
I'll just continue on the previous question. So, does that mean that from what you reported in 
this quarter, the international margins should sort of normalize back towards 12, 13? That is 
India will pick up. Is that correct? Is my understanding correct? 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes, that is correct, that international business has already, improved considerably in recent past 
from 10%. 
Utsav Mehta: 
 
No, I asked because it's at 15 right now. This quarter was, I think around 15-ish, sorry, not 15. 
Manish Poddar: 
15% is the consol number, international 13%. India is at 16.5%. So, India, you can expect 16.5% 
to go up and the international business primarily, you may expect to sustain. 
Utsav Mehta: 
Sorry, I was adding INR 5 crores to INR 7 crores. 
Tarak Patel: 
 
No, you're right. INR 7 crores will give you that differential… 
Utsav Mehta: 
 
Sorry, you were saying something? 
Tarak Patel: 
No. So, I say, yes, that INR 7 crores is going to give you the differential as well between the 
numbers.  
Utsav Mehta: 
 
That may or may not repeat in the coming quarters, basically? 
Tarak Patel: 
 
Yes, on the steady state. 
Utsav Mehta: 
Tarak, I just wanted to check. So, it's been four quarters running the order book, on an absolute 
basis, it's around INR 2,100-odd crores. If you could just provide some flavor in terms of, where 
do you see this number go. What does it take for this to go to INR 2,300 crores, INR 2,400 
crores, INR 2,500 crores? Is there enough in the market for this number to continue to go up? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right. So, I think, on the order front, I think, like I mentioned to you, I think we already had 
quite a sweet spot for the international business. I think having any more backlog means longer 
delivery time, so that would not be the right place to be at. But I think where we could probably 
grow order intake is here in India. I've spoken about this in the last few conference calls, where 
I've said that we have been very selective in terms of glass-lining business to an extent where 
we have said no to customers when the price did not meet our requirement. And having said 
that, we were also waiting for some of the larger projects to come through from our key clients. 
So that when those large projects do materialize, we have enough capacity for that. We've just 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
started seeing a big, large order intake happening in the glass-lined business here in India. So, I 
think, looking forward, you will see the India backlog increase, which is right now currently for 
the glass-lined business around four months, but being around four and six months for is just the 
right the sweet spot. So, I think we still have some capacity here in India to increase order intake. 
And I think the glass-line area here in India is going to be a big driver for us in the next few 
quarters. 
Utsav Mehta: 
And if I'm not mistaken, the Karamsad furnace now we should be able to take on more in terms 
of the amount of orders we can take, correct? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right. So, I was actually going to say this in my opening remarks, and it completely slipped my 
mind. But yes, we have now commissioned the 80,000-liter furnace, which is India's biggest 
furnace, and obviously, will cater to super large vessels, not only for India, but also for the 
international business. We've actually received an order for 3 x 80,000-liter storage tanks. That's 
already in our books, and fabrication has started. We're expecting another 5 x 80,000 liters. 
actually, the timing has been just perfect because as soon as we start, this furnace came online, 
these orders have now come in, so yes, that will also help us improve both our shipment and the 
number of EUs that we have that we can manufacture here in India. 
Utsav Mehta: 
Fantastic. And just one last question. Apart from receivables in India, I've also noticed other 
financial assets sort of increased by INR 50 crores over the last six months. Typically, this tends 
to be unbilled revenue. I just wanted to clarify what this number is? 
Manish Poddar: 
So, receivables, of course, have gone up primarily. There's some collection that we need to make, 
and we expect this to improve in the coming quarters, and that is one. But you see, you're right, 
the unbilled revenues have also scaled up overall in the business, both in India and international 
business. 
Utsav Mehta: 
And this is just to do with the scale at which we are operating  
Manish Poddar: 
I think there's some 90 crores of POC addition that has happened in this H1, and we expect this 
to maybe something like 30-40 crores improvement over in H2, but that beyond that, should 
remain in the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management will be able to answer 
questions from all participants. Please limit your questions to two per participants. Should you 
have a follow-up question, please re-join the queue. Thank you. We have the next question from 
the line of Tanayaa from Marcellus Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Tanayaa: 
Just a couple of quick questions. So, if I look at our standalone business, though other expenses, 
just above the EBITDA, they have gone up by around INR 20 crores on a yearly basis. Could 
you kind of provide some color on that? 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes, expenses have increased by INR 20 crores, primarily on account of power and fuel, if you 
refer to where we were last year, Y-o-Y. And this increase is also primarily because in heavy 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
engineering, again, the combination of change is taking an impact. And also, there's some freight 
outward because we had a larger export shipment. So, freight outward particularly in this H1 or 
Q2 actually has been also higher. 
Tanayaa: 
And sir, the pension liability reduction on the consol level, just purely because of interest going 
up, you haven’t funding or cash outflow to kind of get this number down. Am I right? 
 Manish Poddar:  
Right. So, this is purely on account of the interest rate results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jason Soans from Ashika Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
–So if you could just give us some color on the demand outlook for GLE overall. So, you had 
earlier in the Analyst Day as well as spoken about the slowdown in the Pharma segment in terms 
of demand and order intake. So just a brief outlook I would want, especially amid rising costs, 
inflationary environment as well as whatever is happening in Europe. Just wanted to understand 
what's the demand outlook for pharma and chemical both from the end user segments? 
Aseem Joshi: 
I'll start with India, and maybe Thomas can add on the international business. As far as India is 
concerned, Tarak mentioned earlier, we've been careful about selecting the right set of orders. 
So, we've made sure that we fill our factory with the kind of orders that we like. Now in recent 
times, we started seeing a pickup of some of the large projects that we saw on the horizon, and 
they're starting to move forward. And in fact, one of the big orders that Tarak talked about, is 
one such project. There are several more that are on the horizon, and we feel we are 
competitively placed on that. So, I think from a demand perspective, especially for larger 
projects, we are starting to see reasonably good movement. Of course, some of the smaller 
projects, run rate business we’re still sort of still at a sluggish pace the large projects are picking 
up, right. And Thomas, would you like to address for the international business? 
Tarak Patel: 
So maybe I'll kind of take that. So, Jason, you're right. So like Aseem mentioned, pharma has 
been a bit slow. But we have seen some kind of traction, mainly in the PLI schemes that has 
been launched, especially in penicillin here in India. So, three large orders for penicillin 
manufacturing, fermentation that we've got. But pharma has been much-much slower. We see 
the main drivers for us have been the chemical industry, both agro and specialty chemicals. And 
the large project that we speak about are also kind of for this specialty chemical kind of large 
projects, right. Also, what we've done now recently we supplied the first lot of our stock and 
sale vessels to Europe. So, 24 equipment have been ordered in India, which will be stock and 
sold in the European facility and will be sold when customers have a breakdown and if 
immediate need for a replacement. So that's worked out quite well. But generally, across the 
board, I think our chemicals will account for nearly 60% of our total glass-lined sales, and 
pharmaceuticals will account for nearly about 25% to 30%. 
Jason Soans: 
And one question what I wanted to ask you is, I mean, we are seeing pretty good traction in the 
international business. So, in terms of revenue growth and margin growth also, which is around 
9%, 10%, is now moved up to 12%, 12.5%. And this is in a phase of an energy prices already 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
growing in Europe. So, I just wanted to know what are you doing different so that to gain such 
a positive performance?  
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So, I think I’ll maybe start off, and then if my German colleagues are online, they can kind 
of just build on that. But we have taken some measures. So, in Germany, itself we have gone 
down to a 4-day work week. So, we actually have less number of hours. I mean with the same 
number of man hours being used, so they work longer hours, but one day is additionally factory 
is closed, which obviously helps us reduce our consumption of gas and energy. In terms of 
pricing also, we've kind of built in all these material and energy increases into our pricing, and 
that's also helped us. And then on top of that, we've added new businesses, small businesses 
through M&A, which are now showing a good amount of turnaround and growth and that's also 
helping improve profitability.  
The last thing that's also changed significantly is the services component because of the 
pandemic was smaller in terms of the pie, they were smaller. And now we see a lot of factories 
opening up and the services part of the business is actually growing. And as you would know, 
services are definitely more profitable than the other businesses, right? Thomas, Alex, if you're 
on, if you want to speak maybe a little bit about the energy situation in Germany? 
Alexander Pömpner: 
This is Alex, not so sure if Thomas is in again. In fact, what you said I could definitely echo this. 
And with regard to the energy situation in Europe, I think, finally, we face an increase already 
since end of last calendar year, became really strange from February, March, April onwards. But 
nevertheless, we, currently, we’re even, in this situation, with this higher energy cost and able 
to increase the margin. It's partly due to the shift just that they have a higher share of service 
business. But nevertheless, we were already behind 2% on some margin improvement, and this 
now drops through. So, it currently overcompensates the energy cost increases. And now looking 
forward, that the energy costs stabilize or even they reduced in the last weeks. So, we are 
confident that the outlook remains positive. 
Jason Soans: 
Then just two more simple question. Just wanted to know about the ramp up in the Vatva facility. 
And now that GMM has taken over the remaining 46% stake, and this is going to reflect from 
Q3. So, are we not going to see any non-controlling interest? Just wanted to clarify. 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, exactly. So, I think, currently, 46% is removed for non-controlling and now you see 100% 
accrual from Q3 onwards. 
Jason Soans: 
 
So, we will not see any non-controlling interests, right, from 3Q? 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes, for non-controlling interest has been eliminated on 30th September, as of 30th September 
as well. So, in the balance and 1st October was the entire profits accrued to the organization. 
Aseem Joshi: 
Yes. And as far as Vatva is concerned, we're very pleased with how the site is progressed. As 
you now, we've taken it over a little over 18 months ago. And since then, the ramp-up has been 
really to our expectation. So, the site is now full. We've had a number of orders that have already 
been executed and shipped from there. And we've, in fact, broken the record, in some cases, 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
about the size of the equipment that's been shipped. So overall, we're very pleased with the way 
it is progressing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have the next question from the line of Saket Reddy from 
Polasani Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Saket Reddy: 
Congratulations on good results. There's one thing in the international balance sheet. Pension 
liabilities. Can you explain how is it treated in the P&L? If it is treated on the P&L? 
Manish Poddar: 
Sure, Saket I’ll start off, and then maybe Alex can jump in. So typically, these are non-funded 
pension liabilities, primarily in Germany. And these are closed plans, and no new employees are 
being added to the plan & existing employees age is approximately 80 years. And the accounting 
treatment is basically – as the interest rate rise as you would imagine, present value of the future 
liabilities goes down, and that gain accrues the OCI, Other Comprehensive Income. And then 
the balance sheet movement happens. 
Alexander Poempner: 
Fully correct. In fact, on what we see in the balance sheet will start that assumption or the actual 
report and changes, and it is especially driven due to the change in the interest rate as Manish 
already mentioned that the participants and the number of participants will reduce over time just 
because they pass away. The plan is closed, and now we just have changes due to the interest 
rates. But from the cash perspective or there an impact on the income statement it's no further 
impact. 
Saket Reddy: 
Tarak, I think in H1, you did around 11% margin in the international business. So, any further 
impact on the trajectory there? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So, I think the international business has already shown a strong recovery. I think both 
revenue growth has been significant and profit improvement as well. We are looking to fine-
tune our product portfolio. There are definitely products that we need to bring up to the level in 
terms of profitability. We are working on those. We have put in a lot of effort over the last maybe 
a few years. And we believe that some of the things that we have done will start showing results 
in the next few quarters. So again, the focus area to really improved margins is to really focus 
on services and grow that part of the business, and then obviously, our non-glass-line business, 
right. Because that's where we can really grow. We have small market share. We have the small 
products, which really can be global, can use the Pfaudler global network and be sold. And we're 
seeing a good amount of growth that will come from there as well. But all in all, I think all the 
product lines have done well. We also now, thanks to new acquisitions, we've made have access 
to new industries, right So I did speak about some of this in the past, but these kind of sold 
products now to meat companies that make a plant-based meat, we sold products to the bio-
plastics space. We also made inroads in metals and minerals in terms of also power, we've had 
a large order here in India. So, all in all, I think in spite of the investment that's going on in our 
core industries, which is just chemical and pharma, we are also trying to move into new 
industries that will help us kind of diversify and make sure that our growth is on track. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Saket Reddy: 
And my last question on the services part. So, if you look at your revenue breakup and also the 
order intake breakup, in the standalone business, services are pretty low compared to 
international. So, it's in low single digits, low to mid-single digits, whereas the international 
business itself is around 30% or 40%, if you look at revenue or order intake. So why is such 
heavy divergence, which is a high-margin product? 
Aseem Joshi: 
Saket, you're right. So, this is definitely an area of focus for us. Historically, the service, 
customer behavior in Europe and the US has been different relative to India in terms the amount 
of service that they expect from the OEM. Having said that, we recognize that single-digit 
service as a percent of our business is low, and that's certainly an area of focus for us. In fact, 
just this quarter, we have made some changes to organization and appointed a service leader in 
the India business, which is very similar to how the international business also runs it. And so, I 
expect that with the focus that this individual will bring, we'll start to see an improvement here. 
In fact, we're already seeing it. And it's really about the approach to our customers, the analysis 
of our installed base, our service offerings the appropriate pricing, etc. All of those actions are 
now underway. So, it's certainly an area of opportunity for us, and we are working on it. 
Saket Reddy: 
And just one last question on the shareholding. You've completed GMM international 
acquisition. So now how the shareholding structure looks like? I think Patel’s family has 24% 
and the rest of the promoter’s stake would be with DBAG, is that correct? 
Manish Poddar:  
The balance 31% as of now is with DBAG, correct 
Tarak Patel: 
So just to add to that Saket, the Patel family have increased our stake. We were around 22% 
something, now we are at 24.2 through the pref-allotment that we recently did. So, our stake has 
gone up. And the balance is with the public out of which, I think, 18, if I'm not mistaken, 
Priyanka, maybe you can correct if I'm wrong, is with FPI and we have mutual funds about 5%-
6% and then obviously, all the other institutions and public. 
Saket Reddy: 
 
And DBAG is committed to stay with you? Is that right as of now? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So, when we did this transaction, we have signed a contract and an agreement where we 
have a 3-year lock in, and they are committed to the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Venkatesh. Balasubramaniam from 
Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Yes, I had a couple of follow-up questions, if I just look at the India business of glass line 
equipment, and I actually look at the business of one of your largest competitors here, HLE 
Glascoat. If you notice over the last 1.5-2 years, when you've been busy in consummating the 
Pfaudler Inc acquisition, HLE Glascoat has grown at much faster pace than your glass-line 
equipment in India part. So, have you been losing market share in India? And is this a cause of 
concern? Because I also observed that actually HLE Glasscoat, on an average, the India business 
meets almost 400 basis points lower margins than you. So, has your key competitor been cutting 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
prices and picking up orders and is this something that you worry about? This is the first 
question. 
Aseem Joshi: 
Yes. So let me address this. So, look, I obviously can't comment on other businesses 
performance. What I would say is glass-line is obviously our largest business, and this is an area 
that we have been a leader in. We intend to remain a leader in. As we outlined earlier, we've 
always been careful about the orders that we use to fill our factory with, and we'll continue to 
do that. 
So, we are quite satisfied with the performance of our glass-line business. Our Hyderabad factory 
is also now ramped up nicely. And so, we have used our capacity to satisfy the right kind of 
customer needs, including some of the export orders that we have started to ramp up on. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay. What exactly is your capacity in terms of equivalent units currently in India? 
Aseem Joshi: 
With this new furnace that we have now commissioned, we should be up to about 2,900 to 3,000 
EUs per year. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay. And what kind of utilization are you currently at? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, I think in terms of utilization, I think both the Karamsad and Hyderabad facility are close to 
80-90%80%-90% utilization. Obviously, now with this new furnace that has just come in, in 
Karamsad, that number will drop. So, we are at pretty much very high utilization across all our 
plants in terms of the glass-line business, where we have very large backlog. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Now just one last question from me. I think this question was asked. I just put it across in a 
slightly different way. Now obviously, the continent of Europe is under severe stress. I mean 
what is the war, inflation, energy prices going through the roof and the kind of news which we 
keep reading in terms of end industry, a lot of industries shutting down, things like that. 
Now, are your customers basically in the chemical industries and the pharma industries, are they 
having any of these companies having stress? And if they are having or understate how come it 
is not impacting your numbers? So, what exactly is the key driver for this very good growth? 
Because almost 39%, 40% of the consolidated numbers comes from Europe. So, some colour on 
that would be very helpful. 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So, I think some of the news that we get here, obviously, maybe gets blown up a little bit 
and there is also a lot of the fostering that the happens. But on the ground, what we are seeing 
today is that customers are finalizing new orders. New factories are being set up, just to give you 
an example, if I think one of our companies, the Swiss subsidiary, is actually finalizing an order, 
I'm not mistaken, which is going to be delivered 2.5 years from now, right. So, people have that 
long-term visibility. People don't even need it immediately, and they're willing to wait. But the 
order book that we have, gives us a lot of the comfort, right. So that the next 6 months, 9 months 
in different regions, we already have orders on hand, and our focus really shift to the execution, 
right. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Are we seeing anything on the ground that tells us that they're going to slow down, things are 
not looking that bright? I don't think we're seeing any of that right now. The opportunity level, 
the interest levels, the inquiry that do continue to flow in are of pretty much the same level. The 
only thing that we probably see now is that the time it takes to finalize something is slightly 
longer than earlier. 
People may take a few months more. That's really the only the difference that we see. And just 
coming back to India, again, like I mentioned, chemicals have a lot of new projects. Obviously, 
we work with the host of the chemical companies, and many of them are and have plans to 
expand further and invest more and more in terms of building new facilities. And obviously, 
being a major supplier to chemicals, we will definitely benefit from that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshil from AUM Fund. Please go ahead. 
Harshil: 
The government in Germany is aiding companies which are you know keeping the plant shut. 
So, are we receiving any kind of incentives from the government? 
Tarak Patel: 
No, nothing right now. But the government and what we hear, especially in Germany, there 
could be a bailout the package that could be kind of a program where the government will step 
in and help some of the companies who are facing a lot of pricing issues and production issues, 
but nothing that we have seen. Like I mentioned earlier and what Alex said as well is that we're 
actually seeing the prices now stabilized energy costs have stabilized. And in the last few weeks 
have also come down. So, we kind of believe that we are actually past the highest level. So, 
anything further improvement will have a good impact on the rest of the year as well. 
Harshil Shethia: 
What I wanted to understand is, is there any kind of government subsidy in our margins, which 
is why we are hitting kind of 12, 13% margin subsidy. 
Tarak Patel:                          No, no government subsidy 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Tanayaa from Marcellus Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Tanayaa: 
Sir, on the international business front, you had several new smaller businesses, which are 
showing good traction apart from your glass-lined equipment business. Could you just kind of 
go into a little bit more detail on that? And related to that, next question you have tech services 
system, technologies of that we have been world number one for ages. How do you see growth 
in system specifically, which new business at kind of dragging attraction? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right. So, I think maybe let me just kind of take you through what we have in our portfolio. So 
obviously, we have two new acquisitions that we made. Hydro Air is obviously in membrane 
separation the technologies. That business is about $8 million or so. We expect to kind of double 
that business in the short term. So, they are doing a lot of nice and interesting work that will help 
us not only internationally, but also here in India. They do a lot of work in bioplastics, in bio 
meats, proteins, EVs and things like that. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
So, it opens up a whole new industry segment for us. So that's where we believe our growth will 
come from. Having said that, we already have a strong foothold in chemical and 
pharmaceuticals. So, it's definitely a complementary product. The other product that has done 
exceedingly well is a product called Interseal, which is the sealing technology that we've 
launched here in India as well. They recently won a very large order, about $2 million worth 
with a large German customer. 
And in India also, we are finding that there are a lot of interest, and we've also got orders, I think, 
20 seals in India. So again, a small business that was about $3 million is now trading around 
maybe $10 million, $11 million. So, we've grown that business in a very short period of time. 
We decide that we also have some smaller businesses. They are not brands per se, but these 
businesses are small, and they grow quite quickly. They're quite profitable as well. So, we have 
plans on growing those businesses as well. And in terms of the system business, I think that has 
done quite well. I did mention to you in the last quarter call that we received our second acid 
recovery or the year around INR 20 crores plus from a power company. Right? So, this power 
company, they currently had sulfur that actually goes into the air, which they now want to 
convert into sulphuric acid, and we got a large chunk of that project because it's also brings into 
the glass-lined equipment space as well. So, the system also remains an important part. 
That's where we really kind of move up the value chain. And since we offer process know-how 
and technology, they can definitely command much better margins. I think Aseem maybe want 
to add something to that. 
Aseem Joshi: 
Yes. So just on this last example that Tarak talked about the acid recovery I'll add a little more 
color to it. So, it's a very interesting space because it's essentially a flue gas desulfurization 
application, which is essentially the smoke coming out of smokestacks is cleaned through 
scrubbers. And it basically creates sulphuric acid which is weak. And then that's where GMM 
Pfaudler comes in, and we actually help them concentrate that weak sulphuric acid into 
concentrated sulphuric acid, which can actually then be used. 
So, it’s an interesting application. It has the potential to scale. Of course, India is just starting 
off, but we are pretty excited about the possibilities and what GMM Pfaudler has to offer. Tarak 
talked about some of the other businesses around the bio meat, the plant-based meat, etcetera. 
That too is now new to GMM Pfaudler through the Hydro Air acquisition, but we see potential 
to scale that up reasonably quickly as well. 
So, all in all, we have a portfolio now where we think we have a number of interesting bets that 
play on macro trends, and we believe we should take them forward. One moment, Tarak just 
going to add something? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So just to build on that, I think we have some ideas in terms of how we further enhance our 
portfolio as well. I mentioned to you that certain businesses that don't fit that well and new 
businesses that fit better. So, we are always looking at opportunities and I think that's going to 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
be the cornerstone of our growth strategy as well as in M&A is in a very important part of our 
growth strategy. And we always have interest in increasing and improving our portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohit from Progressive Share. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit: 
Two questions. First one is a follow-up. When you mentioned that there are certain businesses 
that don't fit the entire system that well. It reminds me of Edlon and its divestment. So, any 
update on that? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right. So, Rohit, yes, Edlon was up for sale. The process is still ongoing. However, while this 
process has been ongoing. Edlon has done quite well. They do have a large order backlog and 
their profitability has also kind of improved significantly. So, we are still reviewing and we're 
still working on that when we have an update on Edlon, we will definitely let you know. 
Rohit: 
My second question is related to Mixion - industrial paints and the development that you are 
doing with Mavag AG you can just take us through numbers in terms of millions or crores 
Tarak Patel: 
So, I think Mixion is a business that has seen significant growth, and we'll continue to see a 
significant growth. It's a complementary product because it's mixing. It's used in the same 
industries that we cater to. We can use mixing in the glass-line business as well. It's very 
complementary. We will really like that business. It's quite profitable as well. And recently, 
we've had major breakthroughs, like I mentioned, not only in the historic chemical and 
pharmaceutical industries that we've got into fermentation, we've got into Metals & Minerals, 
we've got into paints. And I think I can continually say that today in India, we would probably 
be the biggest mixing player in the market. 
So Mixion is definitely a focus area for us, growing this business not only here in India but 
internationally as well. And we do need to probably look at building the resources and 
capabilities, but this business, on a long-term view, is something to be very excited about. 
Rohit: 
Currently, approximately what percent of turnover is coming from Mixion? 
Tarak Patel: 
In India, I think last year, we did about INR 60-odd crores of revenue this year should be twice 
as much. So, we have a very large order backlog. The business is doubling in size, if not more 
and we wish to really grow the business and become a large player in this space. 
Rohit: 
 
 
And on the international front? 
Tarak Patel: 
International front mixing is something that is quite small. We don't export a lot of these mixes. 
We have sold some to Europe and the US. But again, having a strong footprint in international 
business, we would probably need to have a little bit of local manufacturing as well. And that's 
where probably an M&A opportunity if it were to come up, would be very interesting for us. 
But yes, but mixing is something that definitely is on top of our minds right now. How do we 
grow this business and how do we become a relevant player in this market. 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of K Ramesh Achar, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ramesh Achar: 
There was a talk about relocation of your Hyderabad facility some 2, 3 quarters back, and we 
haven't heard anything further. Can I know what's the position now? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So, the Hyderabad facility right now, there is no plan on the relocation, the Hyderabad 
plant, we've just invested and just commissioned a new furnace. We are also renovating some 
of the factory sheds. But our thought was that when Pharma City were to come up, we would 
then ask the government for land in the Pharma City so we could be close, obviously, to the 
industry that we cater to. As of now, there is no plan in place to move. And when Pharma City 
were to be available, we would definitely like to look at that as an alternative production facility. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Jason Soans from Ashika Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Just wanted to know in terms of margins and standalone results, we have seen quite a sharp dip 
from 25% around margins last year, now they're at around 16.4%. Just to wanted to know from 
you what were the reasons for the same one would probably be the higher steel prices and the 
higher cost of inventory which you've been holding. But some other reasons are that some of the 
Vatva ramp-up is you'll have lesser margins than GLE equipment, obviously, so that the product 
mix also has an impact on that. Just wanted some color on that, the margin bit? 
Aseem Joshi: 
Yes, I take this I'll take it first. First of all, the basis for comparison this year is a little unfortunate 
last year, this time, we were really benefiting from the strong tailwinds, and we were achieving 
close to 25% EBITDA. That was quite abnormal. –And as Manish mentioned earlier, a year later 
now, we're seeing the opposite effect of the high commodity prices affecting us. 
So that's probably the biggest factor, the commodity prices that have let us down. Yes, you also 
identified the second factor around product mix. That's something that was not unexpected. So, 
as we scaled up in some of the Equilloy kind of business, is probably not as high margin as our 
traditional business. But these are things that we are addressing, and we are confident that as we 
continue our sales strategy around being selective around orders, we will be able to get back on 
track. Manish gave an outlook for the rest of the year already, where we expect to see a continued 
improvement in margins in the standalone business. So, we feel pretty comfortable that we're on 
track to do that. 
Jason Soans: 
So, Manish did give an outlook for the margins. So, in terms of margins, probably we'll be 
looking at an effect from the standalone entities and probably international margins, we can at 
least expect them to be steady, steady stage from hereon? 
Aseem Joshi: 
 
Yes, I think that's broadly what we expect. 
Jason Soans: 
And just one thing, just in the presentation, there is a statement mentioned backlog with net of 
POC. Just wanted some clarification on the POC concept, if possible? 

 
 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Tarak Patel: 
I think we are out of time, but maybe you can take this up separately off-line with them because 
that concept itself will be kind of long, and you'll have explained. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Priyanka Daga: 
Thank you, Michelle. Thank you everybody for participating in our earnings call today, and we 
look forward to meeting you again in the next quarter. Thank you, and good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GMM Pfaudler Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
