Scrip Code: BANKINDIA 	
Scrip Code: 532149 
The Vice President — Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051. 
The Vice-President — Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
25, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
atis atios 	
Delhi 
Bank of India 0%,1 
tig W. Ref. No.: HO:IRC:SVM:2022-23:303 	
fdiicr Date: 11.11.2022. 
Sub: Q2 FY 2022-23 Earnings conference call 
with Ananlysts/ Investors — Transcript. 
Ref : Our Letter HO/IRC/SVM/2022-23/283 dated 31.10.2022 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of post results Earnings 
conference call Q2 FY 22-23 held on 03.11.2022. 
The transcript of Q2 FY22-23 Earnings conference call is uploaded on Bank's 
website and the same can be accessed through below link : 
https://www.bankofindia.co.in/AnalystConferenceCal(Transcript 
This is for your information and records. 
WIROT Yours faithfully, 
,
:Stcff 
H.O. 
nrst...OF 'vo 
co 
Th-r • 
A. 	
7, 
 
Y14) .T RIR 
Investor Relations 
Dept 
(Rajesh V Upadhya) 
*Trth TINA' Company Secretary 
Classification: Confidential Sub-Classification: Finance Confidential 
Digitally signed by: RAJESH 
VENKATARAJ UPADHYA
DN: CN = RAJESH VENKATARAJ 
UPADHYA C = IN O = BANK OF 
INDIA OU = BANNKING
Date: 2022.11.11 17:49:17 +06'30'
RAJESH 
VENKATA
RAJ 
UPADHYA

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Bank of India Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: SHRI. A. K. DAS – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BANK OF INDIA. 
SHRI. P. R. RAJAGOPAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
BANK OF INDIA 
SHRI. SWARUP DASGUPTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
BANK OF INDIA. 
SHRI. M. KARTHIKEYAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
BANK OF INDIA. 
SMT. MONIKA KALIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, BANK 
OF INDIA.  

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bank of India 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
We have with us Shri. A.K. Das – MD & CEO; Shri. P R Rajagopal – 
Executive Director; Shri. Swarup Dasgupta – Executive Director; Shri. 
M Karthikeyan – Executive Director; Smt. Monika Kalia – Executive 
Director and other top management team from Bank of India. 
I now handover the conference to Shri. A. K. Das – MD & CEO. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
A.K. Das: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon to all members of analysts 
fraternity. Ladies and gentlemen, I extend a warm welcome to each one 
of you for today's interactive session. I will give the financial results of 
the Bank for the Q2 of FY 22-23. 
Global growth is facing headwinds from continuation of tightening 
monetary policy environment. As per IMF, global inflation is forecast 
to rise from 4.70% in 2021 to 8.80% in 2022. To curb inflationary trends, 
the Central Banks have gone ahead with rate increase and control of 
money supply. 
In the latest GDP growth projection, RBI has reduced GDP growth rate 
of India to 7.00% from earlier 7.20%. There has been a gradual 
appreciation of USD vis-à-vis major currencies including Rupee. 
Current Account Deficit also widened especially due to higher oil prices, 
and more importantly expansion in economic activities. 
In the overall present world scenario, India, however, continues to be a 
relatively high growth country with exchange rate stability and high 
forex reserves as part of the overall financial stability. The Banking 
industry during 2022-23, as per RBI report of September, witnessed a 
comparatively lower deposit growth of 9.20% and higher advances 
growth of 16.40%. This reflects a continued increase in credit creation 
and business activities despite monetary tightening and high inflation. 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Incremental CD ratio for Banking system has gone up to 130% 
corroborating and need to garner more deposits to fund this advances 
growth. This is expected and not unusual, especially at the time when 
the revival of economic activities overpowers majorly relevant other 
adverse factors. 
With an eye on the evolving global and domestic scenario, we are 
continuing with strategies launched in the beginning of the year. Deposit 
growth has been muted due to tight liquidity situation in the market. We 
are reinforcing our connect with the liability customers to improve 
CASA as well as retail deposits. RAM segment continues to be our area 
of focus following the strategy of increasing RAM share in total 
advances. Mid segment advances are being targeted to boost our MSME 
advances and improve the portfolio yield. 
SMA management and slippage containment remains high priority areas 
on the Bank's agenda with continuing measures for improving the 
collection efficiency and NPA recovery. I am happy to announce that 
the Bank's net profit for Q2 FY23 stood at Rs. 961 crores up by 71% 
QoQ from Q1 of FY23 figure of Rs. 561 crores. 
NIM stood at 3.04% improving by 62 basis points YoY. Net Interest 
Income stood at Rs. 5,083 crore up by 44.28% YoY. Asset quality 
further improved with reduction in gross NPAs, both amount wise and 
percentage wise. The gross NPA ratio was brought down to 8.51% and 
net NPA to 1.92%. 
Slippage ratio for Q2 FY23 was at 0.30% as compared to 0.69% in the 
1st Quarter. Similarly, credit cost improved from 1.21% in Q1 FY23 to 
0.60% in Q2 FY23. Cost to Income Ratio also improved to 48.10% from 
58.20% in the 1st Quarter of the year. 
During this quarter, the Bank expanded its global credit growth to 
17.89% YoY, with increase in RAM advances share to 54.25% as 
compared to 52.51% in Q2 of FY22. However, domestic advances 
growth was relatively less at 12%. 
During current year, with our ongoing IT initiatives, credit offtake is 
expected to improve further from current levels. We expect credit 
growth of 11% to 12% during the current year. 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
For augmenting yield on advances and NIM, the Bank is continuing with 
its strategic focus on RAM advances. Along with increasing size and 
yield of credit portfolio, managing asset quality is also of paramount 
importance. We expect gross NPA ratio to be contained below 8% and 
credit cost at less than 1% going forward. We aim to maintain NIM at 
around 3% thus ensuring sustainable growth in profits. NIM, credit cost, 
NPA ratios and CIR have shown significant improvement in this quarter 
and we are committed to sustain and improve upon the levels in the 
quarters ahead. 
I will again thank you for your continued support and guidance. Now 
the floor is open for discussion and question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have a first question from the line of Ashok Ajmera from 
Ajcon Global. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Congratulations Mr. Das and the entire top management team of the 
Bank for the fantastic results. In fact, the results are much better than 
our expectation, I mean profit coming to Rs. 960 crore in one quarter as 
against Rs. 561 crore in the earlier quarter. Even the asset quality has 
also improved tremendously, a lot of good points in this quarter.  The 
Bank has done in spite of the difficult times. 
Having said that, I have a couple of questions and some observations. 
Slippages are also under control, but now looking at the interest rate 
going up and the inflation going up and some kind of pressure being 
seen especially in the RAM and even retail books also, what is your 
views that going forward in the October - December quarter, will there 
be a pressure on the SMA 2 book going up or some more slippages into 
NPA? 
Another question is the Cost to Income Ratio has definitely improved a 
lot to 48.10%. So, what is the further plan for reducing the cost a little 
more, I mean downside maybe 40% to 42%, is there any target for that? 
I have observed that there was a divergence as per the Note #11 A&B.  
As per that, the provisions for the standard asset, can you elaborate a 
little more on that note what is the effect which has happened in this 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
quarter. And I think some carry forward is also going to be there in the 
next two quarters as per the note. So, a little more details on that. 
In case of the borrower accounts of 24 borrowers account with Rs. 6505 
crore outstanding, you have done the additional provision of Rs. 1291 
crores, out of which Rs. 601 crore in this quarter. Now, going forward, 
I mean, these are the accounts where the resolution plan could not be 
completed in 180 days. So, going forward, how do you see the further 
provisioning to be done on this account? 
And the last one is on the family pension you have further carried 
forward Rs. 428 crore. When there was a good profit in this quarter, was 
it not prudent to provide little more on this account? So, these are my 
few observations and question in the first round of questioning. 
A.K. Das: 
I don't think there should be any undue worry about that pressure on 
SMA book, because we are rational, all customers, consumers are 
rational. They have leveraged the low interest regime, so they will also 
take the high interest regime into their stride. There should not be any 
problem. These are ups and downs part of business cycle. So, I don't 
think there is anything to worry about that. In fact, in a low interest 
regime, also our SMA numbers sometimes were higher than what it is 
today. I remember, December 2020, it was Rs. 85,000 crores. So, there 
is no thumb rule as such, only thing is that we will keep engaging with 
the customers wherever stress is visible, we will try to handhold and do 
as good as we have done in the Q2 as far as slippage management is 
concerned. 
M. Karthikeyan: 
One thing you should note that our roll forward was 17% during last 
quarter.  It has reduced to 7% this quarter, and our roll backward, which 
was 62%, we are planning to take it to 75%. So, there are strategies 
already lined up. 
A.K. Das: 
Second part is Cost to Income Ratio which was 58%. In fact, for the last 
few quarters, it was above 55%. And we had also been given a mandate 
by the regulator to bring it down to 47% or a peer group average. I know 
40% is a global benchmark, and very few are living up to that kind of a 
benchmark. So, with a lot of difficulties, and a lot of efforts, we have 
brought it down from 58% to 48%. We will be happy if we can maintain 
that 48% or 47%, because gradually it will happen, it may not happen 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
overnight. So, our effort is to bring it down further, let's see going 
forward what happens there. 
M. Karthikeyan: 
Ashok ji, for the standard accounts, some small aberrations such as out 
of order for few days, to follow the sanctity of the 7/6/19 circular of RBI, 
we have made a provision of Rs.473 crore which is again going to be the 
same amount of provision coming in Q3 and Q4. Total it was Rs.1,419 
crore, which you rightly pointed out. And the other accounts say, totally 
in the book, we are having about 377 accounts which are Rs. 1500 crore 
exposure. We have individually analyzed all these accounts and found 
that nearly 20 to 25 accounts only are into a bit of strain and stress. We 
have engaged with those companies very closely. And now our 
engagement will be much closer every week. We will be doing close 
coordination and they have been advised that the health of their asset 
should always be regular. So, the management of such companies have 
also seized of this matter. And we don't think that we will have any pain 
points there. 
P. R. Rajgopal: 
The family pension, we have already taken the dispensation from RBI, 
so we have to provide, we would need to go back again to RBI. And 
added to that, how much would materialize in this family pension, we 
do not know.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Point taken, since you are on the line Rajgopalji can I just take the liberty 
of asking about that super App, the progress on the digital super App, 
like first tranche you had released last time. So, now what is the progress 
there going forward? 
S R Padhi, GM: 
We have completed the requirement gathering stage, we have started 
building it now.  We are getting the phase wise deliveries, from this 
month onwards for testing and we will be ready for release by 28th of 
February, during first week of March, we will be in a position to release 
this. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
That is the final means, I think the earliest deadline for entire 
implementation was September ‘23, isn't it? 
S R Padhi GM: 
This is for retail customers and we have lined up phase II for corporate 
customers, for that the time line is 1st of December, that will be making 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
as well. As of now the project is on track and we are progressing 
satisfactorily. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
May I ask a last question on the Treasury, that the rates are going up 
now, the Fed has also increased 75 basis yesterday. So, now, going 
forward, we also see some pressure coming up again I mean maybe 50 
to 60 basis point more by RBI.  From the Treasury point-of-view of 
mark-to-market pressures and also the Treasury income opportunity for 
trading, where do we see this current quarter and next quarter going 
forward, how much hit, I mean up to what level we are cushioned like 
even the U.S. the bond yields now has gone now I think 4.75% or 4.80%. 
So, going forward, how are we placed?  
 
S. B Singh, GM: 
Yes, we are comfortably placed. Our total exposure in AFS is 
approximately to the tune of Rs. 29,000 crores out of which Rs. 14,000 
crores we have FRBs and close to Rs. 8000 crores we have T-bills. So, 
minimal amount is left there. And whatever the high we have seen 
already 7.75%-7.80%, we are expecting at 7.90% to 8.00% to be on the 
upper side. So, there is not much of worry at our level and we are well 
protected against the fluctuations of the rate of interest on that. 
Treasury income, yes, there will be some hit on the exchange income 
because the swap premiums are coming down, otherwise, in other 
segments we would be having decent income. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Even on the deployment on foreign exchange front? 
S.B. Singh, GM: 
Yes basically that is because of foreign branches overseas. So, that will 
not be a worry for us. 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
That is one thing, another thing is traditionally the yield there in the 
overseas book has been very narrow. And we will also start expanding 
now because of the Fed increases, so we will get a better margin. So, if 
you see our margin expansion is good on global basis by 60 bps 
compared to other Banks. So, it will be further increasing if the Fed 
increases the rates. Only thing is, as you rightly pointed out, Forex 
income that we used to get because of the high premiums that has 
narrowed down. We have already seen the narrowing in the last two 
quarters, it has already come down despite that our balance sheet is very 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
strong. So, we are not dependent on that. Now, it will be in the range of 
Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 200 crores it will continue like that. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So, Mr. Das, on the whole, the ROA, we expect about 65 basis, I mean 
0.65% or 0.70% for the whole year. 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
It should be that. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Annualized is 0.47%. So, do we expect next two quarters doing well 
when there is not much worry on the Treasury also and your credit book 
is also going up and as you say that the interest rate benefit is also there 
in the global international book and even locally also even if the credit 
rates suddenly goes up, EBLR and MCLR, whereas the deposit rate do 
not, I mean, there the lag period. So, I think next two quarters also should 
be good for us. So, ROA might go to 60 or 65 basis points for the whole 
year. 
A.K. Das: 
Yes.  ROA we will definitely improve with a higher operating profit 
pool and the net profit also accordingly.  Because from recovery also 
good amount is expected in the 3rd and 4th quarters. So, from 0.47% if 
we can go upto 0.65% that should be good enough. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Jai Mundra from 
Batliwala and Karani Securities India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundra: 
So, on this RBI divergence on the standard assets, you had mentioned 
six accounts and we have the provisioning as well some Rs. 1400 to Rs. 
1500 crore. So, wanted to check, this has not come for other Banks. So, 
far so, and these accounts look fairly big right. So, if you can tell us, was 
this specific to Bank of India, or what was the nature of lapses there? 
M Karthikeyan: 
These accounts are all prevalent in the ecosystem and it's not only for 
us. And such accounts are showing a bit of going into default and out of 
default and based on RBI circular of 07/06/19, if you could see the 
review date and the 180 day norm and on the reckoning day it was into 
default and out of  default post 180 days, the spirit of 07/06/19 circular 
warrants provisioning. So, it is there in some 7 or 8 Banks in various 
assets, that’s the issue there. And we are addressing that. We are now 
engaging with these companies and they have already, if you could see, 
in three or four of the assets, it's about 20 days, they are not in default 
continuously.  In some two other assets from August onwards, they are 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
continuing to be in regular category.  So, as per circular, going forward 
180 days, if they continue to be in the regular category for 180 days, we 
will be taking out those provisions back. 
Jai Mundra: 
And what would be the provisioning requirement here? So, let's say it 
would be like 10% or around 20% on the standard assets? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
It's 35%, right now it’s 20%. Jai, it’s such that, all these accounts, under 
the 7th June circular that you are aware, 180 days resolution plan is not 
implemented, then additional provision has to be made. So, basically 
these are all SMA accounts, there is a interpretational issue of 7th June 
IRAC circular between RBI and the Bank. And this is there with all the 
Banks. And the matter has been escalated to RBI also for clarification, 
we are waiting.  It has been taken up at the IBA level also saying that 
the interpretation put forward by inspection team of RBI, we are 
contesting it, wait and then we will see. 
Jai Mundra: 
These would be sovereign, quasi sovereign, PSU account only, none of 
these would be private account? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Yes there is no financial difficultly, our issue is these things have to be 
provided for only when there is a difficulty, but they have a different 
view. We are still engaging with everybody who matters. We will see at 
the industry level, not at our Bank level alone. 
Jai Mundra: 
Second question is on growth. So, far the growth has been 17% to 18% 
YoY and if you are saying that you are hopeful of 12% to 13% then is it 
fair to say that from here onwards it could be like flattish kind of a loan 
book till the end of the year. I mean, mathematically, that looks possible, 
right? 
A.K. Das: 
Mathematically, that's correct, you are saying. We are at 12% now, 
domestic and 18% global. There are the inflows-outflows happening. 
What we are seeing is a conservatively minimum 12%. And we can't say 
at this point in time, like in the beginning of the year, we had stated that 
8% to 10%. Now, we have revised to 12%.  Going forward, let's see, by 
December end how the trend looks like.  So, it's not a question of 
stagnant thing. 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
We will continuously review the annual plan that we have, basically this 
12% that we are talking about in the annual plan, corporate plan that we 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
have in place. So, anyway, we have to review depending upon what kind 
of numbers that come out in terms of credit growth in the external 
economy. So, we will see what happens, because last fortnight has been 
very robust in terms of growth of 17%, even retail growing at a very 
healthy manner and MSME also growing at 36%. So, naturally, it will 
have an effect on our book also. So, we will also continue to grow 
higher. So, we will see. So, we will come back to you. It's too early for 
us to say now, we will have to watch for another one month and see how 
it picks up. 
Jai Mundra: 
And lastly on margin.  So this quarter has been a very strong jump across 
global and domestic margins. Is there any one off in terms of maybe 
interest recovery that has come in NII or something, some technical 
thing interest, IT refund etc. or this is purely organic. 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
See I will tell you, if you see the margin expansion is around 60 bps, so 
around 1.5 to 2 bps is on account of the income tax refund which I can 
tell you straight away okay. Remaining 55% to 56% margin expansion 
is because of organic growth in the book. If you see our retail book it 
has grown very robust manner 23% is the growth in retail where our 
margins have become better because of the RBLR rate increase. And 
added to that, if you see our spreads across the advances book, around 
54% to 55% of my book has interest rate in the range of 10% to 12% 
after the RBLR increase. So, I am getting a good margin over there. And 
around Rs. 134,000 crores of advances book is in the range of 9% to 
10%. So, most of the advance accounts which used to be in the range of 
6.50% to 7.50% has gone up to 8.50% to 9.50% on an average basis. So, 
therefore, the margin expansion is very good and it gives us 
sustainability. Added to that another thing is my international spread 
also is increasing because of the tightening of the Fed rates. There may 
be some good margin expansion we may get in the international book 
also going forward. So, in that aspect, the margins are sustainable 
margins. 40 to 50 bps margin expansion will continue to be retained. 
A.K. Das: 
To cap it all, September ‘21 our CD ratio was 68%, which has gone up 
by 8% to 76% at September ‘22. So, that also helped because average 
advances growth also was quite reasonable. So, that also helped interest 
collected on advances. 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Jai Mundra: 
And this is despite cost of deposits will rise over the next one or two 
quarters. You are expecting that the margins will at least be staying on 
right so you are saying 3% for full year, we did 3% in this quarter and 
last quarter we did 2.55%. So, I mean despite increase in deposit and 
cost of funding you are expecting margin should inch up even further 
from here. 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Actually, what we are saying is if you look at the spread as a measure of 
the proxy for margin expansion, my spread has increased by 50 bps, on 
year-on-year basis, because even though the cost of funds have gone up 
at the same time yield on advances has also gone up significantly to 
7.26%. So, naturally, whatever margin expansion happens so spread 
expansion also has happened. And spread expansion will continue to 
happen. So, if there is a deposit rate increases automatically we see rate 
increase in the advances also. So, the spread will be maintained at 3.5 to 
3.4 spread that we are talking about, will continue to be maintained in 
that context, my NIMs also will be there at 3% to 3.50%, that’s what I 
am saying. 
Jai Mundra: 
And what is your principal for this EBLR our rate hikes. So, if let's say 
September 30th RBI had done repo rate increase, when would you have 
passed on? I mean, when would your RBLR have changed with how 
much lag? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Instantaneously yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Bhavik Shah from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Just three questions from my side. Firstly, so what would be our 
outstanding DTA (Deferred Tax Assets) and when do we plan to shift to 
the New Tax Regime? 
Sankar Sen, CFO: 
Our Deferred Tax Asset is now Rs. 8,200 crore and since we have the 
MAT credit available, so, unless the MAT credit decision comes and it 
is already there in the High Court level, decision is pending. So, unless 
the decision comes appropriately, we would not take any decision of 
this. As such there is no outside deadline also within which we need to 
shift to the new regime. 
Bhavik Shah: 
When do you expect the decision by, is there any timeline? 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Sankar Sen, CFO: 
Yes, it is actually industry level.  One or two Banks, the matter is 
pending in the High Court. And two Banks cases are also pending at the 
Tribunal level also. So, decision is yet to come.  
Bhavik Shah: 
And what would be the LCR that we would be holding, liquidity 
coverage ratio? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Liquidity coverage ratio is 190% 
Bhavik Shah: 
Last quarter it was 187% aprox. 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
It will continue to be like that, we always maintained at that range, 160 
to 180 is the range that we maintain. 
Bhavik Shah: 
So, I mean current would be in the range of 160 to 180. 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Yes. 
Bhavik Shah: 
And of the restructured book of Rs. 14,000 odd crores, COVID-1, 
COVID-2 and MSME. How much is still under moratorium? 
M Karthikeyan: 
The total outstanding in the RFCRS-I is Rs. 1,961 crores, and 
moratorium is completely over.  3% of that amount for total delivery of 
Rs. 7,714 crores, 15% has become an NPA. And in terms of RFCRS-II 
the balance outstanding is Rs. 7,617 crores. And moratorium is yet to be 
over. 
Bhavik Shah: 
How has been the slippage run rate in the restructured book so far? 
M Karthikeyan: 
It is 6% of COVID Framework-2 and 16% in resolution Framework-1. 
Bhavik Shah: 
I didn't catch this correctly. So, what is the amount which is still under 
moratorium in RF2? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Around Rs. 3,000 crores. 
Bhavik Shah: 
What could be outstanding security receipts and whether our CET1 ratio, 
does it include first half profit or it does not? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Doesn't include that.  Rs. 3,300 is the SR portfolio. It is provided fully 
100%. 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of M. B. Mahesh from 
Kotak. Please go ahead. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Just a couple of questions, one, this growth that you are seeing in these 
foreign loans, if you could give us some color on what is the nature of 
this growth that you are putting out here in this particular book. 
Monoj Das, CGM: 
Basically, we go for trade finance as well as term funding. And the term 
funding comprises of primary as well as secondary market as well as 
ECB loans. And the working capital funds is the trade finance that is 
purely buyers credits and discounting of bills. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Of this book that you have, is it possible for you to give us some 
breakups of this roughly about Rs. 80,000 odd crores of loans that you 
have? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Exactly what, if you want a statistical data we can always give you. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Essentially, what would be the breakup between working capital loans 
and long-term loans that you would have here. If you could also 
probably kind of give us some color as to, are they related to corporates 
that are based out of India? Or would that be a local credits in the 
markets that you are operating? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Most of them are local, because now hardly any corporate in India 
borrow there so most of them are local borrowers. And of course, 
multinational borrowers, many of them are in multinational Banks, 
many of them are multinational operators, especially in the Europe and 
U.S. and even Asia, so, big time MNCs. We are part of the APAC 
market. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
One question, while you are allowed or we have restriction towards 
doing any form of acquisition financing in the domestic book, is there 
anything which prevents you from doing acquisition financing outside 
India? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Acquisition financing, there is no prohibition as such,  neither in the 
domestic nor overseas for acquisition financing. But there are some 
controls and restrictions that are there which we need to follow for 
acquisition finance. There is no prohibition aspect anywhere. So, many 
of us, domestically, we don't fund much, internationally it is a practice 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
to fund acquisition finance. Typically pharma companies need 
acquisition finance, because they do a lot of acquisition finance. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
So, the question is whether you have been doing acquisition financing 
in this book in the last few quarters ? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
We have not done much, it’s a very small portion maybe in the 
secondary market we do that’s all. Not much is there in that Rs. 80,000 
crore book, very insignificant. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
My second question is on the SMA book that you have that you report 
of about Rs. 30,000 odd crores, is it possible for you to give some color 
on what is the nature of these exposures here? This is in Slide #25 of the 
presentation where you have Rs. 31,000 crores pertaining to the 
corporate side. 
M Karthikeyan: 
Yes, the above Rs 5 crore segment SMA-1 and SMA-2 portfolio refers 
to Rs. 2,415 crores during June has come down to Rs. 1,672 crores, with 
a reduction of 31%. If you see the same thing segment wise, Retail, 
MSME and Corporate, all these segments have shown a reduction in the 
SMA portfolio by 26%, 1% and 23% respectively. I think if you see the 
slippage ratio of our Bank it is now reduced to 0.3% which reflects 
effective collection management, I mean engagement with the borrower 
is happening and though it is in SMA 1 or 2 in retail and agri, we are not 
allowing it to slip into the NPA segment, our control has been very good. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
The question is only around the corporate side, this Rs. 31,174 crores 
that you have on the corporate side, if you could just kind of give us 
some color as to what is the nature of these exposures that are currently 
at risk? 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
Yes, your question is understood, it is like this, most of these accounts, 
where there is a lag in payment after interest demand is raised. For 
example, interest demand is raised on 31st of every month and there is 
a lag in payments say three days, four days in most of the quasi 
government and government companies, most of them they pay with a 
lag. So, most of the Banks, what they do is they give a specific due date 
for this kind of corporates which we are also trying to implement. Once 
we implement that specific due date principle in these accounts, this 
number will come down substantially. This is because as of 30th 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
September upon interest being charged to the account it is reflected like 
this. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
One last question on the corporate NPA recovery for the second half 
including the NARCL outcomes. If you could just kind of give us some 
color on how much are you expecting in the near future on that? 
V Anand, GM: 
As far as NARCL is concerned now, binding bids have been received in 
three accounts where we have exposure we are not the leader in those 
accounts. And in two of the accounts already the JLM has accepted the 
offer - swiss challenge process has to run and in the third account some 
negotiations are pending, which comes to around nearly Rs. 280 crores 
on book outstanding. 
Apart from that in three big accounts where we are the leader one retail 
chain of accounts and another account based at Calcutta, where the JLM 
has already decided to give the consent for transfer of account to 
NARCL, the due diligence process by the NARCL is in progress there 
the total outstanding will come to around Rs. 1,600 crores. And of 
course, that may not happen in Q3, maybe in Q4. For this quarter, we 
are planning only around Rs. 280 crores. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
And this Rs. 280 crores pertains to the amount that will either get 
reflected in the written-off or it will be reflected in the gross basis? 
V Anand, GM: 
No, it will be the gross only, it’s not written-off account. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
And outside of this, any large resolution still that you have visibility? 
V Anand, GM: 
Yes. In fact, I will tell that we are having nearly 24 accounts where the 
voting by the COC is already over and NCLT orders are expected, which 
includes some big accounts also. So, anytime any order is coming that 
will be a upside on the expected recovery for this quarter. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
And you will be able to quantify that. 
V. Anand, G.M: 
Our Bank’s exposure maybe around Rs. 600 crores for 24 accounts. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
This is a quantum which is expected to come in, not the exposure. 
V. Anand, G.M: 
Expected recovery.  Our outstanding maybe around Rs. 1,600 crores. 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Suraj Das from 
Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Suraj Das: 
The question number one is, you have reported Restructuring 1 and 2, is 
there any other restructuring left that is earlier CDR, SDR or other 
legacy MSME restructuring? 
M Karthikeyan: 
Nothing, we don't have anything, it’s just RCFCR 1 and 2 which are 
only there, one-time restructuring which you know it's happened for 
corporate accounts where we have an outstanding of Rs.4589 crores 
which is also given in our presentation at slide number 26. 
Suraj Das: 
So, the MSME restructuring number that is there in the BSE notes which 
is something around Rs. 2,700 crores so, that is also included in this 
restructuring number right, on your slides that you have given. 
P R Rajagopal: 
Yes. 
Suraj Das; 
And, also on the SMA-1 and 2, so if you can provide us the all inclusive 
SMA- 0, 1, 2 number as you were reporting till a couple of quarters back. 
What would be the total, all inclusive SMA 0, 1, 2 number. 
A. K. Das: 
All inclusive SMA is Rs. 74,000 crore out of which SMA-0 is as high as 
Rs. 56,000 crore, 11.39%.  SMA-1 is Rs. 8,300 crores, SMA-2 is Rs. 
9,400 crores. So, SMA-1 and 2 constitute about 3.5%. SMA-0 we don't 
have any issue although as Mr. Rajagopal told we are tackling that 
preposition of one or two days default only. And the moment also is 
quite brisk there. So, SMA-1 and 2 put together is about 3.5%. 
Suraj Das: 
And what would be the loan mix by benchmark how much would be the 
total floating rate loan and how much would be MCLR and Repo linked. 
P. R. Rajagopal: 
MCLR is also floating only, MCLR RBL all are floating, we have only 
floating loans now. So, if you want distinctively in EBLR and MCLR it 
is you can take 47 EBLR and remaining MCLR and small portion is 
fixed rate. 
Suraj Das: 
And for the last couple of questions, you have given the domestic yield 
and COD (Cost of Deposit) in your slides. Can you please provide the 
corresponding number for the last quarter as well if it is handy? 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
A. K. Das: 
Cost of Deposit in September '21 it was 3.75%, in June '22 it was 3.49%, 
and in September '22 it is 3.54%. 
Suraj Das: 
That was the global I think, I was more asking about the domestic cost 
and yield that you have given on the Slide #22, so the sequential 
movement of that. 
A K Das: 
We will give you. 
Suraj Das: 
No problem, sir, we will take it offline. And the last question sir, what 
is your expectation on the total recovery updates in the second half given 
that the first half is quite good. 
M Karthikeyan: 
We are anticipating a cash recovery of Rs. 1,500 crores and upgradation 
of Rs. 500 crores, similar performance will be repeated for Q4 as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Himanshu Taleja 
from Aditya Birla. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Taleja: 
Just one question, given how we are seeing the credit growth panning 
out right now and we are also being healthy growth witnessing in the 
retail segments and all. So, can you just see for the next few quarters 
how you expect to close the year with a growth? And how you think 
over the next few quarters sustainable growth could be? 
A. K. Das: 
See our guidance suggests that at the moment, we are looking at a credit 
growth of 12%. Although the global growth has been nearly 18% up to 
September, that too with moderate growth in corporate credit, but I am 
sure, domestic level the credit growth will improve further. And at the 
same time, there also will be repayments and all, we have to wait and 
watch, but very conservatively we can say that for the year ending 31st 
March '23, minimum 12% growth could be on the cards. 
Himanshu Taleja: 
And just my last question, you have already pointed out the healthy base 
of the recoveries and upgrades that are in the pipeline, and we are seeing 
the benign slippages also. Anything that you want to guide or your target 
is to bring the gross NPA and net NPA by next two quarters, by probably 
the end of FY'23. 
A. K. Das: 
So, our guidance in the beginning of this financial year was to bring 
down gross NPA ratio below 8%. It's now September, it is 8.51%. So, 

 
Bank of India 
November 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
we are well on course to achieve that. I think, I mean substantially below 
8% that is what is our aim. And the net NPA ratio, we also had a 
guidance of below 2% so by the year end we will try to bring it down to 
below 1.5%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Shri. A.K. Das for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
A. K. Das: 
Yes, once again, I thank all the analysts friends who have been 
supporting us, guiding us for the very deep diving questions. And I hope 
we have been able to answer all your questions, in case there are any 
questions which need to be answered or any further clarification kindly 
get in touch with our finance department. They will arrange a proper 
revert on that, timely revert. So, once again, thank you very much and 
have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Bank of India, I announce that this 
conference concludes. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
