 
 
Coromandel International Limited 
‘Coromandel House’, 1-2-10, Sardar Patel Road, 
Secunderabad - 500 003, Telangana, India. 
Tel: 91-40-2784 2034 / 2784 7212 Fax: 91-40-2784 4117 
E-mail: mail@coromandel.murugappa.com 
CIN: L24120TG1961PLC000892 
Website: www.coromandel.biz 
Ref. No: 2022-23/73 
 
November 11, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: COROMANDEL 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 506395 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Subject 
: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of conference call with 
analysts and investors 
 
Further to our letter ref. no. 2022-23/065 dated November 01, 2022, intimating about the 
conference call with analysts and investors, which was scheduled on November 4, 2022, we 
would like to inform that transcript of the conference call held with analysts and investors on 
Friday, November 04, 2022, has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://www.coromandel.biz/investors/investor-call-transcripts/, as required pursuant to 
Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Coromandel International Limited 
 
 
 
Rajesh Mukhija  
Sr. Vice President - Legal &  
Company Secretary 
Rajesh 
Mukhija
Digitally signed by 
Rajesh Mukhija 
Date: 2022.11.11 
14:36:20 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Coromandel International Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL - AXIS CAPITAL 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
SAMEER 
GOEL 
– 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
- 
COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MS. JAYASHREE SATAGOPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
- COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. MAYUR GANGWAL – GENERAL MANAGER FINANCE - 
COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Coromandel International Limited’s Q2 
FY2023 Results Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. I now hand the 
conference over to Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you. Good evening friends and welcome to Coromandel International Limited’s Q2 
FY2023 Post Results Earnings Call. The call as usual will be initiated with a brief management 
discussion on Q2 and H1 performance followed by an interactive Q&A session. Management 
team will be represented by Mr. Sameer Goel - Managing Director; Ms. Jayashree Satagopan – 
Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Mayur Gangwal – GM, Finance. Over to you Sameer Sir for the 
initial remarks! 
Sameer Goel: 
Good afternoon everyone and thanks Ankur for organizing the conference call. On the global 
economy - The global economy is expected to slowdown from 6% in 2021 to 3.2% in 2022 and 
2.7% in 2023. It is facing several challenges, inflation higher than witnessed in several decades, 
tightening financial conditions in most regions and resulting calibration of monetary policy. I 
think the main issue is the strengthening of the dollar against major currencies and the Russian-
Ukraine war all weighing heavily on the global economy’s future health. A bit positive news on 
the agriculture side the food price index has declined to 136.3 in September of 2022 sharply 
lower than the record high of 159.7 in March. Also the commodity prices which were high 
globally have seen softening. 
 
Coming to Indian economy most of you would know Indian economy is progressing better 
though the growth rates have been revised downwards and India is likely to remain the fastest 
growing large economy in the world. The tax collections have been buoyant reflecting all-round 
performance of the economy. The headwinds of rupee depreciation, high inflation and of course 
energy prices these need to be watched. The good news is the Indian agriculture continues to be 
in right path. India received the fourth consecutive year of good monsoon. Southwest monsoon 
was 106% of the long-term average. South and central parts of India where we operate received 
excess rainfall. While in north rains were irregular, but adequate. East had a huge deficit. The 
crop acreages in kharif were at 1103 lakh hectares 1% down compared to the previous year. Here 
also cotton has done better but obviously there is a deficit in paddy mainly as a result of the less 
acreage in eastern India and UP. The northeast monsoon is expected to be normal and with good 
reservoir levels currently at 108% of last year, we expect the rabi season to be good. 
 
Coming to the fertilizer industry performance, the global supply of key commodities improved 
during the quarter and the industry has witnessed softening trends for major raw materials. The 
only place where we expect some hardening to happen is ammonia, a lot will depend upon how 
the winters are there in Europe. Domestically, the fertilizer demand has remained strong 
supported by good monsoons and favorable policies by the Government. 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Coming to the quarter DAP and complex industry primary sales volume was up by 11%. Current 
year was 64.6 lakh metric tons where last year it was 58.5 lakh metric tons and mainly as a result 
of higher imports of DAP. DAP and complex fertilizer POS sales which are actual consumption 
went up by 6%, currently was 67.2 lakh metric tons versus 63.6 lakh metric ton last year. As I 
mentioned before major raw material prices witnessed a downfall trend against all-time high. The 
NBS rate for rabi for the full year 2022-2023 has been approved by the cabinet. Subsidy for Rabi 
season will be to the tune of Rs.51,875 Crores. For year-to-date DAP and complex fertilizer 
industry primary sales volume was up by 15%, current year was 119.1 lakh metric tons vis-à-vis 
103.4 lakh metric tons last year. DAP and complex fertilizer industry PoS sales which is 
consumption sales was marginally down by 1%, current year was 103.67 lakh metric tons versus 
104.3 lakh metric ton previous year. 
 
Coming now to Coromandel’s performance, the company delivered a robust performance during 
the quarter registering strong growth in turnover and profitability with the agricultural 
environment remaining favorable in most of its key operating markets. Normal crop sowing 
coupled by favorable policies from the Government helped. Coromandel registered a revenue 
growth of 65% during the quarter and 62% for H1 which was largely led by higher subsidy and 
MRP in the nutritional business, other businesses did well even on volumes. Coromandel ensured 
that agri imports are made available to the farmers in its key operating markets and promoted the 
use of balanced nutrition including organic fertilizer to help rejuvenate the soil and farm 
productivity. 
 
Specifically on the Coromandel nutritional segment performance, the nutrition and allied 
business which includes our specialty nutrients and organic revenue increased by 73% during the 
quarter and 70% during the half year. Company’s specialized nutrients and organic products 
registered a very good growth both in terms of turnover and profitability. We introduced a liquid 
fertilizer Acumist calcium during the quarter. On the sales front, in Q2 DAP complex volume 
was at 12.4 lakh tons 11% higher than last year at 11.2 lakh metric tons, for YTD DAP and 
complex volume was at 19.7 lakh metric tons versus 19 lakh metric tons last year. 
 
Manufacture DAP and complex volume was higher by 19% during the quarter and 6% during the 
half year over last year. Imported products was lower by 30% during the quarter and down by 
14% during half year over last year. Company’s market share in Q2 was 19.2% and half year was 
16.5%, last year it was the same for Q2 at 19.2% and 18.4% for half year. In the complex 
segment market share for Q2 was 28.8% (last year was 26.6%) and H1 was 28.4 versus 26.3 
against last year. 
 
SSP Q2 sales were 2.43 lakh metric tons with a growth of 8% over last year and for the half year 
it was at 4 lakh metric tons. Market share for the half year was at 14.3 which was down from 
16.1 last year mainly on account of a soft Q1. Our commercial team has been abreast with the 
latest development in the global market and has ensured timely availability of raw material to 
ensure continuous production at the manufacturing plant. During the quarter our DAP and 
complex plants operated at 107% capacity and at 99% during the half year and produced 9.26 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
lakh metric tons of fertilizer during the quarter and 17.16 lakh metric tons during the half year. 
Phosphoric acid production during the quarter was again at all time high of 1.2 lakh tons and H1 
was 2.3 lakh metric tons. 
 
Progress on our key capex is as per plan. The work on sulfuric acid project is progressing well 
and will be commissioned as per schedule. We have initiated a desalination plant at Vizag which 
will help to improve our operational efficiencies. To further enhance SSP facilities. the company 
is increasing the granulation capacities. We added granulation capacity at our plant in MP, we 
have also revived our Pali plant, and started  manufacturing in Kothari plant at Ennore. Progress 
on new products like nano, liquid, customized fertilizers is as per our internal plan. With these 
initiatives we would continue to promote balanced nutritional approach and support the farming 
community.  We have successfully done drone trial with our specialty and liquid fertilizers in the 
market and that has been well accepted by the farmers. 
 
Coming to crop protection, crop protection business registered a growth of 1% in revenue for the 
quarter and 3% for the year. Increase in key raw material cost and price challenges on Mancozeb 
impacted domestic business to business and export business. Domestic formulation business had 
a very good growth with positive traction from the new products launched this year and in the 
first half, we have exceeded the full year target. The business has received total of 5 patents 
during this year. These are unique product combinations which has been developed by our own 
R&D team and this will do well for our crop protection business. The business is building a rich 
product pipeline backed by strong R&D capabilities and is partnering with global investors to 
further strengthen its product offering. On the manufacturing side, CPC plants operated at a 
capacity utilization of 53% in Q2 (last year was 77%) and 56% during the half year (last year was 
78%). The main reason for this was we had to slowdown our production on Mancozeb due to the 
stocks which we had. However, production has been scaled up with the recent softening of raw 
material cycle. 
 
The Ankleshwar plant had high capacity utilization and we are setting up a new MPP plant for 
the manufacture of fungicides, which has been progressing well and is expected to be 
commissioned during the year. We have successfully done drone spraying trials in the farmers 
field for crop protection chemicals. The business would be further scaling up the usage of drones. 
Our retail centers operated very well during the quarter focusing on providing all-round agri 
solutions including products, farm advisory and mechanization service. Business has improved 
its operation efficiency and leveraged technology to reach out to the farmers. In Q2, 94% of our 
stores have been profitable and retail business operated with negative working capital. As part of 
our digital transformation journey, Coromandel has strengthened its digital data center initiatives 
which includes creating unified data platform on cloud, developing automated dash boards and 
building advanced use cases for the business. It has also created enough data for our 
manufacturing center. The company has taken significant steps in the last one year in the 
adoption of business intelligent dashboards. Salesforce productivity tools and robotic process 
automation has improved the process efficiency. 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
With the expectations of normal northeast monsoon and higher reservoir levels, Indian 
agriculture would be a bright spot. With its strengths in key operating markets Coromandel will 
continue to ensure timely availability of agri input to the farming community through our dealers 
and our retail outlets. Coromandel with its diversified presence across the value chain will 
continue to provide balanced nutrition and integrated pest management solution to maximize 
farm productivity. I will now like to hand over to Jayashree for the company financials. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Thank you Sameer and good afternoon all. I will now provide updates on the company financials. 
In terms of turnover the company recorded a consolidated total income of Rs.10,145 Crores 
during this quarter and Rs.15,927 Crores during the first half. The numbers for the corresponding 
period last year is Rs.6,166 Crores for Q2 and Rs.9,852 Crores for the first half. The company 
has registered a growth of 65% during the quarter and 62% during the half year. The increase in 
revenue has been mainly on account of higher subsidy and MRP realization in the fertilizer 
business which was in turn driven by high RM costs. 
 
Nutrients and allied businesses contributed to 93% share and the remaining 7% coming from 
crop protection business in the quarter and for the half year it is 91% and 9% respectively. 
 
Subsidy non-subsidy share of business stands at 89% and 11% during the quarter and 87% and 
13% during the half year during the previous year it was 83% and 17% during the quarter and 
80% and 20% during the half year. As far as the profitability is concerned the consolidated 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.1,058 Crores as against Rs.744 Crores last year and for the first 
half it was Rs.1,744 Crores as against Rs.1,229 Crores last year. In terms of the breakup between 
subsidy and non-subsidy business it is 78% and 22% during the quarter and same for the first 
half. During the previous year it was 71% and 29% for the quarter and 72% and 28% for the first 
half. Net profit after tax for the quarter was Rs.741 Crores in comparison to Rs.519 Crores for the 
corresponding quarter last year and Rs. 1,240 Crores for the half year against Rs.857 Crores last 
year.  
 
On the subsidy front during the quarter the company received Rs.3,866 Crores comparative 
figure last year was Rs.1,671 Crores. For the half year the total subsidy received was Rs.4,002 
Crores and the previous year it was 2,163 Crores. Subsidy outstanding as on September 30, 2022 
was Rs.4,176 Crores vis-à-vis Rs.1,698 Crores during the previous year. 
 
On the interest front, during the quarter, company incurred a net interest expense excluding Ind-
AS interest of Rs.13 Crores vis-à-vis interest income of Rs.8 Crores in the same quarter last year. 
For the half year company earned a net interest income of Rs.8 Crores versus Rs.20 Crores 
interest income in the previous year. 
 
Company maintained its surplus fund of almost 2,374 Crores in Board approved securities and 
these have been earmarked for specific capex and growth-related investments. Short-term 
borrowings of Rs.1,279 Crores were taken to bridge the higher working capital requirement. Our 
company’s balance sheet continues to be strong. During the quarter the company received AAA 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
(stable) rating by India Ratings and Research (A Fitch group company) and a short term debt 
rating as IND A1+. Company’s long-term credit ratings by CRISIL continued to be CRISILAA+ 
(positive) and the short-term rating at CRISIL A1+. 
 
On the Forex front, during Q2 rupee was extremely volatile and traded in a very broad range of 
78.50 to 81.95. Coromandel followed a prudent conservative approach of hedging the forex 
exposure thereby limiting the impact of currency depreciation.  
 
We thank you for your interest in Coromandel and joining us in the concall today. We shall open 
the session for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Good evening and congratulations for an extremely strong set of numbers. I have a couple of 
questions one on the manufacturing of your phosphatics and manufacturing of SSP, as we go 
forward can we expect you to probably cross your phosphatics manufacturing volumes north of 3 
million tons and SSP volumes north of 7.5 million tons considering the capacity constraints or 
the debottleneckings that you might have, so that is number one, number two if you could give us 
some trend on how phos acid prices have moved for you in the past and what was the price for 
the upcoming period? Thank you. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
As regards the capacity for manufacturing of NPKs and SSP, your question was whether we 
would exceed the 3 million tons and 7.5 lakh tons of capacity. With the debottlenecking at plants 
and the flexibility to optimise production using different sources of raw materials, we believe that 
both these are possible. As far as the PA price trend is concerned, we have seen the prices 
shooting up from July 2021 onwards.  We have seen continuous upticks till the last quarter.  For 
instance, the PA prices were almost $1715 per metric ton in the last quarter which eased during  
the current quarter to  $1175 per metric ton. So after a continuous increase in the prices, we are 
seeing the raw material prices are cooling down and we expect this trend to continue. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Binani from Prabhudas Lilladher 
India. Please go ahead. 
Prabhudas Lilladher: 
Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir I have two 
questions number one is on the margin side so despite we are seeing a lower contribution of 
unique grades to the overall volumes while the increased volumes in the trading side of the 
business and what I understand is that some of the competitors have actually pushed at the 
number taking some inventory loss from the carry over inventory from the last year also and due 
to the volatility into the RM Prices from 2Q to 3Q, so there might be some component of 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
inventory loss also in that but despite that we have like pushed at this sort of EBITDA per ton in 
the manufactured volumes so just wanted to have a sense on how the margins profile are and how 
should one actually look into the EBITDA number going forward and the second question was 
on the capex side, so any sense or color on the capacity enhancement into the complex fertilizer 
side as in we are like we have just alluded that we are already working at optimum utilization so 
going forward is there any plans for enhanced capacities into the complex fertilizer side? Thank 
you. 
Sameer Goel: 
You talked about the margins, basically when we do the planning, we look at whichever grades 
are giving us good return depending on the raw material and the conversion cost and the market r 
as per the crop demand we go for that so that is how we balance. The good thing about 
Coromandel is we have a lot of grades to choose from and we can promote them. You said we 
did more traded volumes, we did not do more traded volumes as far as NPK is concerned I have 
actually highlighted that we have done less given the higher prices, at the same time we enhanced 
our manufactured fertilizers. One of the good thing was we were able to source all the raw 
materials on time and therefore our manufacturing team is able to manufacture and that Jayashree 
alluded in the previous question. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
The other thing Himanshu that we need to also look into is the backward integration that has 
been undertaken which has been a tremendous help in terms of the value capture at our end. Now 
I will talk about the capex, the capex plan for the year was close to 800 to 900 Crores we are 
tracking well. All the projects are going well.  Currently in the plan, we have some 
debottlenecking capex but at the same time depending on the market conditions we are also 
exploring what could be the future capacity creation opportunities.  We are also looking into 
setting up in the coming year possibly a liquid fertilizer plant which could be used for say, the 
nano DAP for which we are currently going through the regulatory approval process. Work is 
going on in the businesses to look at capacity augmentation and future capacity creation. 
Prabhudas Lilladher: 
Was there any sort of inventory loss component which is into the reported numbers? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
As we do not do so much in DAP, we do not have inventory related losses. The way the 
Government had set up the subsidy for DAP was anything that is manufactured during the year 
we get Rs.50000 of subsidy and anything which was part of the carry forward inventory of prior 
year, subsidy was about Rs.33000.  In the last quarter, on the carry forward inventory we had 
recognized subsidy only at Rs.33000 and therefore there is no inventory loss component for 
Coromandel. 
Prabhudas Lilladher: 
Thank you Madam. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Manish Mahawar: 
Good evening everyone. First question is in terms of our NBS rate what the government has 
announced day before yesterday so how do you see the rates and our action in terms of the MRP 
in the market place and how do you see for the full year subsidy outgo for government as a whole 
and the payment to the companies? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
The NBS rates have been announced by the Government close to what has been announced for 
the kharif season and the raw material prices have been coming down. So, at an appropriate time 
we believe that the Government will be relooking into the NBS rates and may come with a 
downward correction. Having said, when the raw material prices come down and the subsidy 
remains at this current level, there is a responsibility for companies to see how we work through 
the MRP and those options are being contemplated by Coromandel as well. 
Manish Mahawar: 
But currently what the government has announced the rate and phos acid price right now how 
much maybe positive, do you think MRP will be come down in this next three months the 
government will take time to reevaluate this number further? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
That is being worked out so possibly we will get a clarity on it in the next one or two weeks and 
accordingly the actions will be taken in the market. The additional subsidy outgo for Kharif has 
been approved by the cabinet. In the month of October, we have received somewhere close to Rs. 
2,200 Crores of subsidy from them and we hope during the next couple of months also they 
should be in a position to process and pay the subsidy outstanding to the companies. 
Manish Mahawar: 
So by March 2023 what do you think the situation will be? Because the balance sheet as well as 
the subsidy outstanding has increased along with debtor number so will it normalize by March 
2023 balance sheet time? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I think so because during last year, the government had paid subsidy money almost all through 
the year, this time also they have taken approvals from the cabinet and I do not see a reason why 
subsidy would not get paid. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Second question in terms of production capacity which is the earlier question also asked about so 
what type of because right now how much of a production we can do because we have done a lot 
of debottlenecking in our NPK plant so what is the optimal production we can do in the existing 
capacities in terms of NPK I am talking about or DAP? 
Sameer Goel: 
We can continue to do even more production. A lot also depends on how we take annual 
turnaround.   This depends on number of factors which includes the demand in the market but 
more importantly when we look at the safety of our plants and equipment.   So that is something 
which we will take a call closer to the time when it is a non-season. 
Manish Mahawar: 
But any number you can say maybe 32 lakhs ton or maybe 35 lakh ton what type of number we 
can manufacture on an annual basis? 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I think we should be able to do between 32 and 33 lakh tons. As Sameer mentioned there are two 
factors that could come in - one is the mix that we adopt, there are going to be certain products 
where the throughput is going to be much higher.  If we are going to do too many products and 
we do constant changeovers that is going to have its impact.  Also, there are certain products 
where the throughput would inherently be lower, so one is the component of mix. The second 
one is the timing of the ATAs. During an annual turnaround normally between 30- 35 days the 
plant could be shutdown depending on whether it is a fully integrated plant or it is just a 
granulation plant. So long and short between 32 and 33 lakhs is possible. We have to take a call 
and see if we want to do an ATA in March vis-à-vis April, depending on that we could be a 
lower production.  That call normally the manufacturing team takes about a couple of months 
before the ATA. 
Manish Mahawar: 
In terms of granulation plant maybe the Brownfield expansion how much time do you think we 
will maybe take or we are waiting for again raw mat sourcing for the final plant? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
We have mentioned in the previous calls that it is going to be important for us to tie up the 
sourcing as we look for capacity expansions. The business is looking into seeing how we can get 
our PA, SA secured as we think about additional granulation capacities. 
Manish Mahawar: 
But anyways once you set up a plant right it will take around 18 to 24 months time to come on-
stream right? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Definitely. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Okay sure that is it from my side and thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity Sameer and Jayashree. Coming on this crop protection despite we 
have been introducing new and we have been taking on earlier old product moving out this time 
also our growth is not comparing to industry is very low so where do we see a sustainable growth 
and what are the factors that has affected the growth? 
Sameer Goel: 
Firstly our domestic growth has been very good. When you compare across companies domestic 
growth in Q2 has been very good this is despite the fact that we had what is called excessive 
rains and therefore it is stop to some of the application to happen during the quarter because of 
excessive rains and like we have said we are basically concentrating on a higher margins new 
products and therefore we have also done downsizing of some of the other products where the 
margins have been a issue but this requires investment so domestically things have been well. 
There has been pressure like we mentioned in our call on Mancozeb which has had added 
capacity plus also across both in the export and the domestic market primarily also got to do with 
the high prices which were rolling what we could do and that has impacted. The good thing is 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
raw material prices on Mancozeb is also coming down and we are putting up this thing and 
therefore again from September onwards we are seeing a quite a good upswing. Jayashree you 
want to add anything. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
As Sameer said, the prime reason for the muted sales is our exports and domestic B2B markets 
mostly driven by Mancozeb that is also because of the high RM cost and the decision from the 
business was not to produce more and sell at lower MRP. Having said that, in the last month or 
so the raw material prices have eased and therefore it gives an opportunity for additional 
Mancozeb sales during the coming quarter. On the domestic front, in the formulation business we 
had almost 29% growth year-on-year growth and the new product which has got introduced has 
been doing extremely well which is also helped in balancing the margins overall. As far as CPC 
is concerned there are two, three things which going forward should help the business. One - the 
new multipurpose plant that is being constructed at Ankleshwar should be ready for 
commissioning in January coming year this will be manufacturing three technicals Azoxy, 
Picoxy and Cyproconozole. This should complement and will  help to reduce our heavy 
dependence on Mancozeb. Apart from this, the business is looking into further manufacture of 
new technicals which have become off patent in the last few years, they have identified in the 
first list and about 10 AIs out of which the R&D team has come out with the DOT for six of 
them. The business is looking at a new proposal for setting up fungicide multipurpose plant and 
the proposal should get cleared in the next two to three months time. All these actions in terms of 
improving the AI portfolio will help in the B2B business which is for both export and domestic 
customers. On the formulation front the business is continuing to look at introducing new 
molecules. This year already four new products have been introduced one more is in the pipeline 
for the coming quarter.   The business has also got patent for five combination molecules which 
also is for the first time for Coromandel. Apart from these, 23 new registrations have been 
successfully obtained for the global markets, which also include some formulation-related 
registrations. While the current quarter has been muted, we think some of the actions that have 
been taken up should help get a much better portfolio mix for crop protection chemicals and also 
address some of the concerns relating to the over dependence on Mancozeb. Apart from that, we 
are also looking into a deeper penetration in select Southeast Asian markets to go on an 
aggressive B2B and also possibly on a B2C model. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Currently Mancozeb contribute how much to the total revenue and second question related this 
five new patents which we got it so have we already launched the product or if not then when we 
will be seeing those product launching? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Good question. Mancozeb currently is about 45% of our total revenue it used to be 60%, 65% it 
has come down to some extent.   But most of our exports is really dependent on Mancozeb. As 
far as the five newly patented molecules, the patents have just been received. We will be working 
on the formulation and we should see the product launches in the coming year. 
Bharat Sheth: 
So in rabi season do we expect or it will be again next year only? 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
This will be in next year. In Rabi season we will be coming up with another “Me Too” product 
for launch. 
Bharat Sheth: 
How much has this specialty nutrient and organic is contributing and if you can give roughly 
around the size of that business and how do we see the prospect of that? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Specialty nutrients and organic as a business has been growing quite well, we have seen the 
business growing in almost 25%, 30% on a year-on-year and currently on a year-to-date basis 
there will be about 350 odd Crores in terms of revenue. 
Bharat Sheth: 
On SSP side any color would you like to give, how is the profitability vis-à-vis which was 
earlier, now new granulation facility coming up? 
Sameer Goel: 
SSP business is doing quite well. One of the issues which we had was to increase our capacity 
which we have done by reviving a couple of plants. We have also taken some additional facility 
and we are expanding the granulation facility. The granulation facility not only helps to improve 
the use of SSP but also helps in terms of launching our new products like Groplus which is now 
doing extremely well and has a better margin profile. One thing which has happened from the 
government is on freight subsidy on trade now this will help us to supply almost pan India and 
especially the big markets on the east where currently we are not tapping.  So SSP will continue 
to see its growth, even the government is promoting SSP against the imported DAP especially in 
the markets of north and west as a better substitute, because from a farmers point of view it not 
only gives phosphate but also gives other required mineral which is very useful for the soil. 
Moderator: 
We move to the next question which is from the line of Ranjit from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Ranjit: 
Thank you for taking my question. My question is on the profitability of the fertilizer segment. 
We have been outperforming our guidance for quite some time now so whether there are any 
thoughts of the EBITDA per ton guidance revising of course and second question is that we have 
also seen a bit of hardening in the prices of the rock phosphate I do believe that we have been 
having the super efficiencies and probably a part of that at least on the rock phosphate front do 
we see a hardening of prices might lead to a bit of pressure from the conversion or the benefit 
that we have been getting due to the backward integration? Thank you. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
On the profitability front we have earlier guided on EBITDA per ton it is about Rs. 4500 for the 
full year. Given the way the margins have turned out for the first half, I think it would be 
reasonable to expect that the margins will be better during this year.  Somewhere around Rs.5500 
per metric ton is something which I think would be reasonable. On the rock phosphate pricing 
that you were mentioning we should also note that the prices across the commodities except for 
ammonia has been softening and we are seeing a similar trend in rock phosphate.   So I do not 
see a reason why the prices for phosphate would go up, DAP prices are down, phos acid prices 
are down we are seeing softening in the rock phosphate prices as well. 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Ranjit: 
Would we able to the guidance is for this year or even for the next year do you see a fair bit of 
comfort? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I spoke about the guidance for this year.   As we work out the business plan, we should be in a 
position to guide for the coming year. 
Ranjit: 
Sure Madam thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on such a strong set of numbers 
in the current quarter. Sir two to three questions from my side first we start with on this current 
phos acid prices what are the contractual prices for phos acid and though Jayashree mentioned 
that government may look at further reducing the prices of the subsidy but I think that the 
subsidy rate which has been announced so far are already fixed for the entire rabi season and if 
the market prices are remaining or a hold on to the farmers or the current level we see that the 
margins at current level in a DAP and NPK fertilizer will be much better than what we have 
already seen in first half? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Yes, the phos acid prices as I mentioned for this quarter is about $1175 per metric ton it has come 
down from $1715 in a last quarter. As I was mentioning, while the cabinet has gone through the 
NBS rate and we have a circular with rates for the rabi season, when there is going to be steep 
reduction in the RM prices we believe the government may look into the NBS rate and could 
come with a  downward revision during even the rabi season.   But we will have to wait and 
watch. Second the phos acid prices have just got finalized for the quarter and the raw material 
prices are coming down, the company has also been having inventory for continuous production. 
So there is going to be some level of high cost inventory which has to get liquidated and to that 
extent there could be a moderation in the  margins. The third one, as I was mentioning little while 
ago with RM prices coming down there are also responsibilities for companies who look into 
how some of the benefits can be passed on to the farmers who are our end consumers. That is 
being worked out and probably in the next couple of weeks as we go through the costing 
proposals, we should be coming up with some MRP related action. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Can you quantify your some numbers little bit that high cost inventory which we have of the raw 
material what can be the impact on profitability and I think that all will be visible in Q3? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Yes, mostly all this should come into Q3 and this varies across various raw materials - there 
could be some on the phosphoric acid,  We have some quantity of rock which have been 
purchased which could last for a a relatively longer time.  There is a certain quantum of sulfuric 
acid is being used during the quarter.  We have seen the prices of all these commodities coming 
down and I am hoping that most of RM inventory should get exhausted in this current quarter 
itself. 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Rohan Gupta: 
But is it secure the high cost inventory if I look at closely as you also mentioned that the 
government reduction in subsidy rate is on DAP is hardly Rs.1500 per ton and as we maintain the 
prices to the farmers at the same level it means that even the previous raw material which we are 
carrying is enough to maintain our old margins however now the phos acid which we are 
procuring right now is going to have a significant improvement in margins so did not get that will 
the inventory losses which we are talking about can be anything significant because the subsidy 
has not come down sharply and the farmer prices will remain same? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I do not see a significant reduction in the margins. However, having said that, this is also the 
valuegap factor - when the phos acid prices are very high and we have our own backward 
integration, the value gap between buying the phos and converting rock into acid is higher.  
When thee acid prices come down, it is good in a way.  But at the same time, the value capture in 
terms of getting the rock and manufacturing acid will also come down.  We are looking at some 
MRP revisions too.  This to some  extent would moderate the margins that we have seen in Q2. 
Overall for  the year, I think we will still be better than last year. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Second in terms of the margin guidance which you gave as we have already seen the first half 
solid number so definitely at Rs.5500 EBITDA per ton may not only hold on then we may 
exceed that number as well that what looks like. For next year any sense that do you see that 
these are the sustainable margins which one should be looking at going forward even at the phos 
acid coming down and the backward integration which we have now so do you see that these are 
the sustainable margin per ton level? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I think so.  Over the years, we have seen that the margins have been getting better with a lot of 
efficiencies that have been built in the plants, the plants operating at a higher capacity with the 
debottlenecking efforts.  Margins should be definitely in the range of 5000, 5500 per MT. I think 
these are good numbers for us to look into. 
Sameer Goel: 
Like Jayashree said those were the planning process and we will be able to tell you that for the 
next year. 
Rohan Gupta: 
On our agrochemicals part of the business we have been highlighting that we are open for growth 
and even also have been very aggressively looking for inorganic growth opportunities also in that 
segment and even in other businesses as well related to agri. Do you see that we are having 
enough options and are we getting enough such opportunities which you may like to perceive and 
we may see some inorganic growth opportunities as well in the agrochemicals part of the 
business or in terms of you want to build a business towards the contract manufacturing and 
intermediate manufacturing or CRAMS model you would like to increase significantly in the 
agrochemicals part of the business over next couple of years how do you see that business 
panning out? 
Sameer Goel: 
We have a detailed listing of actionables which is a long-term strategy we are looking at each of 
the revenues which we had talked about and this is not therefore crop protection that we will also 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
looking for any other adjacency which are there but it needs to make business sense to us so that 
is something which we have done. We have already seen that our Dare Ventures invested very 
well in three startups including we have taken up a Drone manufacturing company. I have shared 
this and part of the reason is so that we can then leverage them for our own operations for the 
benefit of the farmers which will go for the crop protection and the nutrition side also. So we will 
continue to look for those opportunities. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Akshat Mehta from Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshat Mehta: 
Congratulations and thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions the first one is 
that what kind of a sustainable benefit that we can get in our EBITDA per ton on account of the 
recent phosphoric acid expansion that we have done as well as the new sulfuric acid and the 
phosphate backward integration that we are going to complete in next year and in the next two 
years as well so what kind of a benefit that we get in EBITDA per ton because of that? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
So the benefits of PA has already been factored in and as far as the SAP Plant it will get 
commissioned next year. I had indicated earlier this is more to do with securing our raw material 
so that we can avoid high fluctuation in the procurement prices.  There would be benefit in terms 
of power and steam that they generated so on and so forth.  The primary intent of putting up a 
sulfuric acid plant is to ensure that our imports are coming down and we are not subject to huge 
volatility. So, I think it can help us to negotiate the prices better, that is the way one should look 
into the SAP capacity. 
Akshat Mehta: 
Thank you Madam but under the normalized environment I know the primary reason is raw 
material security but you also have some kind of an arbitrage in pricing even if you know the 
drop in raw material price having a normalized environment and not elevated as they have been 
in the past so there may be some kind of quantifiable benefit that you would have received on 
account of just putting up the backward integration facility? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
There could be some which as I said normally which comes from the power and steam 
generation. 
Akshat Mehta: 
Would you able to quantify that? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Probably we can take it offline and you can give us a call I will have the numbers with me. 
Akshat Mehta: 
And my second question is on nano DAP as you said that it is still in the approval process what 
kind of margins and what kind of growth are we seeing in nano DAP and the application of nano 
DAP in the fertilizer industry and as you know your competitor already have a patent which they 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
have taken three months back for nano DAP so how will that create a threat to our company in 
terms of the nano DAP that we are going to release? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I think there are couple of companies who applied for approvals for Nano DAP. So each one 
would be following a different process and once we get all the approvals then the manufacturing 
and distribution will start. We have done the trials in the fields and we find that the results are 
quite encouraging.,  We will have to see to what extent this will sort of replace granulated DAP,  
our  estimate is that it could be anywhere around 25% over a long period in time.   Initially the 
adoption could be lower and over a period in time, based on the inputs that come from the field 
there will still be improvisation.  These are very, very earlier stages for the new products that 
being planned to be introduced. 
Akshat Mehta: 
My question was that the nano DAP that you are testing and have been given for the approval 
process will that be of a different grade than your competitors are using? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
There is nobody else today who has come with Nano DAP, there is Nano urea that is being 
manufactured and distributed by IFCO. 
Akshat Mehta: 
But IFCO has already achieved IFCO is already granted a patent for nano DAP three months 
back. 
Sameer Goel: 
So what we are trying to say is that the processes are entirely different. So there is no issue at all. 
Akshat Mehta: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Thanks for the opportunity while we have quantified that the high cost inventory will be 
exhausted in Q3 but specifically at the start of Q3 or during the start of Q3 how much of phos 
acid and rock high cost inventory will be there for how many days if you can quantify in terms of 
number of days? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I do not have those numbers right away with me, typically phos acid could be for 20 to 30 days, it 
also depends upon the mix that we are using.  Rock would be for slightly longer period.  If we do 
not know where the phos acid prices are going to be,  we cannot predict the rock prices.   
Therefore, typically we hold rock for slightly longer periods.  There could be some moderation in 
the prices as we have seen in August and September.  We are constantly looking into and sort of 
optimizing and reducing the inventory for rock which typically is for a slightly longer period. 
The inventory that we are holding are not at the same level that we used to hold when the raw 
material prices were going up.  It is lower since the prices are coming down you will definitely 
see some impact on this account. 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Prashant Biyani: 
Would the strategy be to reduce the MRP after we liquidate the high cost inventory? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I think that is what we have been looking at.  I do not have an answer right now.   We may look 
at MRP corrections after the liquidation of high cost inventory or it could be to consider an 
average cost and pass on the benefit to the farmers.  That is something that is being considered by 
the management. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Just a bit on the longer horizon with the kind of initiatives that we are taking on crop protection, 
organic and specialty nutrient do we think that the incremental growth from these three segments 
will be able to give us a decent incremental growth maybe next year or FY2025 onwards so that 
we do not feel the impact of lower volume growth in the core complex fertilizer business? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
The way we are looking into each of the SBUs, they will have their own growth path and 
trajectory. There are opportunities across all the SBU’s obviously. If you see SND and organic, 
they have several white space opportunities.  For instance in CPC, we can look at the Indian 
market, global markets both for B2B and B2C and there are opportunities to look into contract 
manufacturing.  
 
On SND, more of liquid fertilizers could come in, specially with water shortages. Organic is 
again is a very, very sought after business and we have seen increase in volume and revenue 
during the year. So these will have their own aggressive growth plan.  
 
At the same time there is opportunity for the fertilizer business that will also have its own growth 
agenda.  For instance between last year to this year, the SSP growth has been pretty good. While 
SSP is much lower in terms of cost compared to NPK, even with the high prices of SSP, there 
has been a good off take.  Moreover, in SSP,  we are looking into converting most of the powder 
into granulation, there is value added SSP.  As Sameer mentioned earlier, apart from the existing 
SBUs trying to grow,  there are going to be focus areas in terms of how we even use technology 
to aid the farmers in improving the productivity. We have been in the last year or so investing 
into Ag Tech companies, we have done three investments so far all of them are very promising, 
primarily the drone investment that we have done in the last quarter.  We think this is going to be 
very strategic for Coromandel because with labour cost going up and more of liquid applications 
coming in, whether it is in crop protection, specialty nutrients, the usage of drones is going to be 
helping the farmers in terms of getting the better efficacy as well as reducing the cost of input 
labor.  We will be exploring multiple opportunities across the existing businesses and adjacencies 
to enable consistent growth within Coromandel. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Lastly for the nano fertilizers or organic or specialty nutrients how many seasons or years of 
demand generation is required at the farmer end and we have been trying to do this since when? 
Sameer Goel: 
What we did was for a specialty businesses and organic we have already got a agronomists team 
setup which is basically an expert marketing team which works with the farmers and they work 
on specific crop types obviously it is a concept selling, but now the farmers and including the fact 

 
 
            Coromandel International Limited 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
that they can use digital media adopting this very fast so we do see a very faster adoption, in fact 
our strategy here is to move more away from trading more into manufacturing so that we can also 
do the value capture and at the same time upgrade our offering to the farmers for example in 
sulphur we are the pioneers in the bentonite sulphur but now we have moved to a much more 
better product for the farmers called sulpha max. so we have limited our sales of bentonite 
sulphur which has become generic so we keep doing this to ensure that adoption is very fast and I 
believe that our agronomist team aided with the nutri clinic that we have in the field markets 
Coromandel’s retail outlet we are very much geared up for a very fast introduction. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Thank you that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Sameer Goel: 
Thank you very much. Thanks for taking up time on a Friday evening and it has been a very 
interesting and challenging year last six months especially given the international crisis which is 
there especially with the Ukraine war, but I think  your company with what we have done in the 
past and with our diversified portfolio and our direct connect with the farmers both through our 
retail outlets and with our nutri clinics has done very well with the storm which is there, which is 
impacting across the industry and have been able to deliver. I think given our farmers focus and 
the new products which our R&D team is getting plus application plus advent into Ag Tech and 
we have seen reality there it is no longer just a dream, we will continue to support the farmers in 
our key markets for improving their productivity and hence the company will continue to do 
well. So thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Axis Capital that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
