PARUL 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by PARUL GUPTA 
Date: 2022.11.11 
19:17:55 +05'30'
November 11, 2022 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
ROSSARI 
making you more cornpe1itlve 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400 023 
Plot No.C/1, 'G'Block, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East Mumbai 400 051 
Fax No.2272 3121/2037/2039 
Fax No.2659 8237/8238 
Stock Code: 543213 
Stock Code: ROSSARI 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on November 07, 2022 for Q2 & FY23. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and with reference to our intimation dated November 02, 2022, regarding Earnings 
Conference call with Analyst(s) /Investor(s) held on Monday, November 07, 2022, we would like to 
inform that the transcript of the aforesaid conference call is attached herewith and the same is also 
available on the website of the Company at www.r .-.-~u·i.com/annn um.:cm clfJ 
under the head 'Investor 
Call' 
The same may please be taken on record and suitably disseminated to all concerned. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Rossari Biotech Limited 
Parul Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A38895 
Encl.: as above 
ROSSARI BIOTECH LIMITED 
(An ISO 9001:2015 & 14001:2015 Certified Company), CIN: L24100MH2009PLC194818 
Regd. Office : 201 A - B, 2"" Floor, Akruti Corporate Park, L.B.S Marg, Next to GE Gardens, Kanjurmarg (W) Mumbai - 400078, India. T : +91-22-6123 3800 F : +91-22-2579 6982 
Factory: Plot No. 10 & 11, Survey No. 90/1/10/ & 90/1/11/1, Khumbharwadi, Village Naroli, Silvassa-396235, Dadra & Nagar Haveli (U.T.), India. T: 0260-669 3000 
: Plot No. D3/24/3, Opposite ATC Tyre Phase Ill, G.I.D.C Dahej, Village Galanda, Taluka Vagra, Bharuch-Gujarat -392130, India. T : +91 2641-3505 03 
@ info@rossari.com 
~ www.rossari.com 
0 HOME, PERSONAL CARE AND PERFORMANCE CHEMICALS O TEXTILE SPECIALITY CHEMICALS e ANIMAL HEAL TH AND NUTRITION 

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
      
 
Rossari Biotech Limited  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 7, 2022 
                        
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rossari Biotech Limited - 
Earnings Conference Call. 
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal and 
operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchstone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India.  
 
Mr. Anoop Poojari 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Rossari Biotech 
Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY23 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. 
Edward Menezes, Promoter and Executive Chairman; Mr. Sunil Chari, 
Promoter and Managing Director; Mr. Ketan Sablok, Group Chief Financial 
Officer; and Miss Manasi Nisal, Chief Financial Officer of the company. 
 
 
We'll begin the call with opening remarks from the Management, following 
which we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Edward Menezes to make his opening 
remarks. 
 
Edward Menezes 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our Q2 & H1 FY23 
earnings call to discuss the operating and financial performance for the 
quarter. I hope you all had the opportunity to go through our results 
presentation, which provides details of our operation and financial 
performance. 
 
 
We have reported a steady performance in our key business segments 
during the quarter in a volatile operating environment. Our acquired 
companies, namely Unitop and Tristar also have performed consistently well 
during the quarter. On a consolidated basis, our total revenue stood at Rs. 
425.4 crore in Q2 and Rs. 860.1 crore in H1.  
 
.. 
ROSSARI 
,naking you mo,e competiti'I& 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
In spite of the challenging macroeconomic environment and subdued global 
demand, we have maintained our margins on a Q-on-Q basis. We are now 
witnessing some price stability on the raw material front that should help 
maintain our margins through the second half of the year. 
 
 
As some of you are aware, the Company already has a capable R&D set-up 
on a standalone basis. However, the acquisitions over the past year have 
further enhanced the Group's R&D abilities, and they have been extremely 
complimentary in nature. While we remained within our four core chemistries 
of Acrylic, Surfactants, Enzymes, and Silicon, the combined knowhow of the 
R&D teams have successfully developed new green products targeted at 
our core  HPPC, TSC, and AHN segments, as well as new segments of Oil 
& Gas, Agri, Water Treatment, etc. This bodes very well for the Company’s 
diversification strategy within core chemistries and future growth outlook. 
 
 
Overall, our long-term endeavor is to consolidate our market position as a 
preferred provider of intelligent and sustainable solutions in the chemical 
industry. As we look ahead, we foresee an array of growth opportunities 
across all our business segments. We remain well poised to cater to these 
growth prospects on the back of our diversified product portfolio, strong 
capabilities, 
increasing 
customer 
base, 
and 
agile 
manufacturing 
establishments. 
 
 
Our teams are now actively seeking out and pursuing numerous business 
opportunities that should enable us to renew our growth trajectory in the 
future. 
 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my address and I now hand it over to Mr. 
Chari for his comment. 
 
Sunil Chari 
Very good morning and warm Namaste to everyone.  
 
Demand in HPPC, and TSC remained stable on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
AHN segment registered an uptike on the back of improved volume offtake 
in the quarter. While the operating environment remained challenging during 
the quarter, we believe we have navigated the situation well to report steady 
results. 
 
 
Our customer engagement for an eco-friendly replacement for legacy and 
polluting products remained healthy. Concerted efforts by our R&D team to 
launch new products have resulted in a robust pipeline of innovative 
products in our core, as well as new segments that we have been nurturing 
over the past few years. We hope to capitalize on these going forward. 
 
 
During the quarter, we successfully acquired an additional 15% stake in 
Unitop and 8% in Tristar, taking our holding to 80% and 84% respectively. 
As Edwardji, already pointed out, we have realized various synergies in the 
R&D department. In addition, the acquisitions have helped us to enter new 
segments like Oil & Gas and Agri and strengthen our presence in the existing 
high-potential HPPC segment. And in a volatile raw material environment, it 
has also helped us to have a backward integration to a certain extent. 
Overall, both Companies have added tremendous value to Rossari, and we 
are pleased with the acquisitions and the seamless integration executed by 
our team. 
 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
The markets continue to be challenging given the global geopolitical 
situation and the perceptible recession. We are working internally to face the 
difficult times and are confident of maintaining our margins throughout the 
year. With a strong balance sheet, robust R&D capabilities, adequate 
manufacturingcapacity, and a diversified product portfolio, we believe, we 
are well poised to capitalize on the upcoming opportunities in the speciality 
chemical industry. 
 
 
On that note, I would now request Ketan to share this perspective. 
 
Ketan Sablok 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
 
We reported a steady performance across all our business lines. On the 
profitability front, after sharp volatility in raw materials, we are now seeing 
some kind of price stability coming into the market. This has helped us 
maintain our margin profile. Gross margins during the first half improved by 
357 bps, and EBITDA margins were stable at 13.3% in line with last year.  
 
 
Currently, we are witnessing signs of stabilization of key input prices as well 
as on the supply chain front. However, it is still very difficult for us even now 
to take long-term calls given the macroeconomic situation and the 
geopolitical situation globally. We still feel that there is more pain for some 
more time now, and organizations like Rossari, which have very strong 
fundamentals and financials are much better placed to withstand these 
challenges. 
 
 
We continue to believe that in a normalized operating environment, along 
with many of our cost optimization initiatives, we should be able to improve 
our margins going ahead. Our objective still continues to get back to our 
EBITDA margins of 14% to 15%. 
 
 
Our acquisitions are integrating as well as growing in their businesses. Their 
effective integration is helping us successfully during this challenging year. 
Also, our strong working capital management has also supported 
performance during the quarter. 
 
 
Overall, the Company’s operating positions remain healthy and given a 
normalization on the overall macroeconomic front and on the RM situation, 
we expect to deliver consistent performance across all our business verticals 
going forward. 
 
 
I will now ask Manasi to take you through the financial for the quarter and 
half year. 
 
Manasi Nisal 
Good morning, everyone. Let me provide you with a brief overview of the 
financial performance for the quarter ended September 30, 2022.  
 
On a consolidated basis, revenue came in at Rs. 425.4 crore as against Rs. 
434.7 crore in Q1 FY23. On a standalone basis, revenues from operations 
stood at Rs. 240.9 crore, compared to Rs. 233.7 crore in Q1 FY23.  
 
 
Revenues from HPPC stood at Rs. 303.9 crore, contributing 71% of revenue 
followed by TSC at Rs. 91.4 crore, contributing 22%, and AHN at Rs. 30.2 
crore, contributing 7% to total revenues.  
 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
On the profitability front, EBITDA stood at Rs. 56.6 crore as against Rs. 57.7 
crore in Q1 FY23. 
 
 
PAT during the quarter stood at Rs.23.9 crore as against Rs. 28.7 crore in 
Q1 FY23. Depreciation was higher at Rs.15.6 crore owing to amortization of 
fair valuation on account of consolidation of subsidiaries. 
 
 
Interest cost during the quarter was higher at Rs. 8.2 crore, partly due to the 
increase in borrowing and partly due to IND AS accounting of purchase price 
allocation. This is an notional charge, which will be accounted for till 100% 
of the shares of the subsidiaries are acquired. 
 
 
As mentioned earlier, we have acquired an additional 15% and 8% stake in 
Unitop and Tristar, respectively. This acquisition happened through internal 
accrual and liquidation of investments in our books. 
 
 
On that note, I come to the end of my opening remark and would request the 
moderator to open the forum for any questions that you may have. Thank 
you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from 
Yes Securities. 
 
Nitin Tiwari 
Good morning, thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is related to 
our HPPC segment. We've seen a revenue drop on a sequential basis. So 
is this related to price or is this largely a combination of price and volume? If 
you can throw some light on that. 
 
 
And related to that point only, on the standalone basis, our revenues have 
more or less been steady, so does that mean that our subsidiaries have 
faltered somewhere in terms of revenue contribution? That would be my first 
question. 
 
Sunil Chari  
On a consolidated basis in HPPC we have grown on a volume basis, but the 
raw material prices have fallen, so consequently, FG prices have also fallen. 
I think we have nearly grown by 7%-8% on volumes in HPPC on a 
consolidated basis. 
 
Nitin Tiwari 
So, sir, the corollary to that point, so on a standalone basis, our revenues 
are sort of steady, so does that mean that Unitop and Tristar have not 
contributed as much to revenue as the previous quarter? Is that the right 
view? 
 
 
Ketan Sablok  
If you see at the subsidiaries, the last quarter for Unitop, it was a key season 
for Agro. We had even indicated in the last quarter that the sales for the Agro 
products of Unitop have been higher in Q1. 
 
 
We've seen some stabilization in that in Q2, and that is what has impacted 
on the slightly lower sales quarter-on-quarter on a consolidated basis. But 
overall, if you see, the drop is just about 1%- 2% on the top line, on a 
consolidated basis. 
 
Nitin Tiwari 
So, sir, can we have that number of revenues from Tristar and Unitop for the 
previous and for this quarter as well. 
 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Ketan Sablok  
We do not disclose that on a quarterly basis. On the annualized accounts, 
we'll show you all the numbers. 
 
Nitin Tiwari 
In the previous call we discussed number of new product opportunities, 
which are being evaluated, which will be basically a combination of the 
capabilities that we have across our entities. So, any update on that like 
where we stand in terms of product development and time to market? Can 
you throw some light on that? 
 
Edward Menezes 
As you all know, the macroeconomic situation led to demand shrinking in the 
international market, and the supply chain side has improved after COVID, 
and all other issues have reduced. Now, this will lead to rapid correction in 
raw material prices, and customers put on hold many purchases except 
critical raw materials. 
 
 
 
Now, Rossari saw this coming, and hence what we did as a proactive means, 
approved a lot of surfactants that Unitop manufactured, which they were not 
selling to Rossari earlier. So that is a very proactive way in which we 
capitalized on the synergy between Unitop of and Rossari. So, a substantial 
amount of surfactants that Rossari was not purchasing for Unitop, we started 
purchasing from Unitop. 
 
 
Apart from that, using the Rossari marketing strength and distribution 
strength, a large no. of new products were introduced to the customers of 
Rossari. So that is another big cross-selling opportunity that we utilized to 
pick up sales in this quarter. 
 
 
Then, there were a few products that were being developed for regenerated 
cellular, basically, and joint development between Unitop and Rossari led to 
the first orders for these additives in the regenerated cellular market 
manufacturing. 
 
 
Similarly spin finishes, where large components are used and EO, that are 
manufactured by Unitop, these spin finishes for primary as well as secondary 
finishes were introduced successfully in the last quarter in polyester POY, 
FDY, as well as in polypropylene as well. 
 
 
We also did a lot of work on the novel coating polymers for technical textiles, 
and these also were successfully trialed in the last quarter, and we have got 
the first bulk orders for these products as well. 
 
 
So if you look at the synergy, I have a big list of products that we've already 
introduced in the market because of the synergy between the three 
companies that we acquired the last year. So all in all, we are well on track 
to make the best of the opportunities of synergy between these companies. 
 
Nitin Tiwari 
Sure, thanks for the detailed answer. So as Chari ji mentioned, in this 
quarter, we had roughly a growth of about 7%, 8% on the volume front. So 
would it be fair to assume that the second half would be much stronger in 
terms of at least the volume growth as compared to the first half? I mean, 
the revenue collected would also be strong. Would that be a fair 
assessment? 
 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Ketan Sablok 
Given the overall situation globally, we are seeing a lot of headwinds in the 
global market, the west is looking at a perceptible recession coming in. So 
for us to give a guidance on exactly how the second half is going to be is a 
little bit of a challenge as of now. We would be happy if in the second half 
we are able to replicate what we've done in H1 with slight growth of 5% to 
10%. I think that's what we are looking at. 
 
 
As I said, there's a pain which is there, but we'll have to see how best we 
can navigate during this time. As Edward sir said, we have lot of new 
products and new opportunities which we hope will help us through these 
times, but it's a little difficult currently to give a very strong guidance on how, 
but our effort on the margin front definitely, will be to maintain these or even 
improve these margins going forward. 
 
 
So it would be better to sell high margin products, I think that's what the key 
is for the organization now, and that's how we are looking at it at least for the 
second half. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. First question on the standalone 
business. So, we have been seeing slightly lack lecture results here for quite 
some quarters now. Your sense in terms of which are the weak links and 
how are we trying to address that? 
 
Sunil Chari 
I think on the standalone basis, we have done quite well compared to even 
the last quarter. We have grown in terms of volumes, in spite of the 
macroeconomic conditions, which are there like unwinding of raw material 
prices, and  the falling of FG prices. Of course, the supply chain volatility has 
decreased substantially but the price volatility is there. So, the inventory, if 
you bring at Rs.100, by the time it reaches here, the raw material prices have 
changed. So, these, all things taken into consideration, we still have done 
quite well in all three segments. 
 
 
In the Textile business, as you know, the exports have suffered for all, but 
our customers still have been able to nearly retain both on the volume front. 
The per kilo prices have come down a little, cotton prices have been very 
volatile. It went up to more than Rs.1 lakh and now it has come down to Rs. 
60,000 -70,000. So, spinning mills are not producing yarn and so the yarn is 
not coming for fabric production and processing.  
 
Exports markets have been slow, and the European markets have been very 
slow in the last 2-3 months. I think our teams have done quite well in terms 
of performance. 
 
 
As you see, the volume and gross margins have grown. So I think looking at 
all this, I think it is a good performance. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
My question was more on a y-o-y basis. I take your point in terms of gross 
margin improving even on a y-o-y basis, but just one clarification, you earlier 
mentioned 7% to 8% of volume growth. Is that a q-o-q growth or year-on-
year growth? 
 
Sunil Chari 
Q-o-Q growth, because the year-on-year was not comparable. In the second 
quarter of the last year the pipeline was empty. If you remember my 
comments during the calls, first quarter of last year, we had huge COVID 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
and we had a lot of issues with even supply chain and second quarter, we 
had a lot of raw materials, and we did not take advantage of the situation 
and supplied to our customers at acquisition contract price, higher volumes 
and big customers, we supplied. You could refer to earnings call of that 
second quarter at that time, and we took advantage of this pipeline which 
was empty and pumped in and were able to produce. So it was an abnormal 
quarter, which we mentioned during the call. But if you see quarter-on-
quarter, even standalone, we have been able to grow. In spite of the finished 
good pricing coming down, we have been able to grow even on a standalone 
basis. The EBITDA margins have also grown. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
Sure, sir. And how will be the volume growth, let's say, in both the 
subsidiaries, Tristar and Unitop, not Q1, because you mentioned the agri 
business being slightly heavy there, but let's on a y-on-y basis? 
 
Ketan Sablok 
Y-on-Y basis, now if you see our subsidiaries last year, were not really part 
of our group. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
Correct which is where I was checking that number, so you will have those 
financials with you.? 
 
Ketan Sablok 
Yes, but I can still give you a heads up. I think we've seen a significant growth 
in both Unitop and Tristar on a H1 to H1 basis. So, if you see the H1 now 
and the H1 performance of both these subsidiaries prior to our acquisitions, 
I think we've had almost an overall on the top line almost a 40%- 45% growth 
in both put together. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
Okay. On the volume terms, how this will play out? 
 
Ketan Sablok 
See, as I said, I do not have the exact volume numbers of both these 
companies for the last H1. But I'm sure the growth will be a mix of both 
volume and pricing because the 40%-45% growth will have a mix of 
substantial increase in volume. We are seeing that quite evidently, with 
Rossari coming into the picture, I think we are witnessing a huge growth in 
both these companies through our efforts and the whole synergy exercise 
that we've carried on. 
 
Sunil Chari 
Ankur ji, to add to Ketan sir’s comments, all the acquisitions have done 
exceedingly well. We have been able to integrate very well, we have had no 
surprises in all the acquisitions. Unitop of course, is outstanding. The amount 
of growth which has happened both on profitability and on volume and value 
growth we are happy.  
 
It has been one year since we acquired, many in the markets were worried 
and were not even sure that we are doing two acquisitions which are 
substantial size, but we've been able to turn around and integrate very well. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
Sure, sir. Where I was coming from was, even if I probably take the 
seasonality part into the numbers for Q1, we were roughly around Rs. 170 – 
Rs. 160 crore revenue on a quarterly basis. This quarter, we are Rs. 180 -
185 crore. So trying to see if the distribution led to a sort of synergies 
between the three companies, is that benefit already there in Q2 numbers 
or probably there could be further upside here, which could drive the growth 
for the company? 
 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Ketan Sablok 
Yes, so I think you're right. If you see the H1 number, a lot of these synergy 
numbers have come in the consolidated numbers that we reported. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
Sure. Okay. And secondly, on the margins front while again, comparing H2 
last year and now, broadly the margins are intact for Unitop and Tristar put 
together. On a standalone basis, while we are seeing year-on-year 
improvement on the gross margins, obviously we are still lower than what 
we were, let's say in FY21. Trying to understand, is this a new normal here 
because maybe absolute RM price pass through and hence the percentage 
time terms, numbers are coming down, or should one expect these numbers 
to go to 30%- 35% range over a period. 
 
Ketan Sablok 
So, Ankur, currently I think we should go with these numbers, at least for the 
next few quarters. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
No, sorry, Ketan, my question was more on a 2-3 years perspective. I 
understand near term volatility and hence probably limited expansion there. 
But let's say from a 2-3 years perspective, should this 26% - 27% gross 
margin go to 30%- 35% or should we remain at these numbers? 
 
Ketan Sablok 
So, so given a longer perspective, I think a two-to-three-year, horizon we will 
definitely go back to the 30%-35% kind of margins on a consolidated basis. 
There are a lot of initiatives that we have already started undertaking. I think 
these are a little long term, some of them, which Edward sir, spoke about. I 
think on a longer-term basis, we will go back to our 30%-35% kind of gross 
margin. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
Sure, sir. And last, if I may, on the working capital side, while on a year-on-
year basis, we have maintained it well, but if I go back, we used to be 45-50 
days working capital. Even in the first half, we are seeing a dip in payable as 
well as receivable days. So what should be a steady state number one could 
factor there? 
 
Ketan Sablok 
I think on a consolidated basis between 70 to 75 days should be an idle 
working capital cycle for us. While we had, as you rightly said, a few years 
back, we were at about 45-50 kind of days. But I think currently the way the 
business is growing and the way some of the subsidiary cycles work, we are 
targeting internally around 70 to 75 days kind of working capital cycle. So 
that's what you can consider. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Agrawal from IDFC. 
 
Sumit Agrawal 
Yes, hi, good morning. I have a question on the balance sheet side, the 
interest expense seems to have gone up this quarter. So, Ketan bhai, if you 
can just explain a little bit here, and what should be the outlook, let's say 
next balance sheet date, which is March? 
 
Manasi Nisal 
So I think the interest expense has gone up marginally because we have 
taken debts in Rossari Biotech, but majorly it is because of the IND AS 
accounting of purchase price accounting of our subsidiaries. So that impact 
is higher. I mean, out of total interest expense of Rs. 8 crore in the quarter, 
around 65% - 70% is because of the IND AS accounting entries. So that IND 
AS accounting entries will be there for the next year till the time 100% 
acquisition is done. It is basically a notional entry, it is not a cash flow. 
 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Sumit Agrawal 
Okay. Okay. And just on the raw material side, I think you, you touched on, 
in the initial comments, but can you please explain, let's say, I mean to what 
extent, Chari ji mentioned that raw material prices are stabilized, but to what 
extent it has stabilized? I mean, are you able to take a longer-term inventory 
call because the stability now is in place, or you're still avoiding taking slightly 
longer term inventory on the books? So just some more insights on that? 
 
Sunil Chari 
The supply chain has stabilized, but the prices have not stabilized yet. There 
is still huge volatility in the prices. There's also where we see prices going 
up and down because of the demand supply gap, and because also, if there 
is something which is imported by traders, the traders are not taking position. 
So long term, we cannot take any positions. And if you see our inventory 
level compared to the last quarter, it has gone down from Rs. 120 crore to 
Rs. 111 crore. So, we have been very conscious of not taking any long 
positions in any raw material in the past quarter. And we will be conservative 
in any inventory positions for this quarter as well. 
 
Sumit Agrawal 
Okay. And sir, some guidance on the margin. I think initially you said you 
should be able to reach 14%- 15%. Is that what I heard correctly, or can you 
please repeat it? 
 
Ketan Sablok 
The margin front, what we said was over a longer period of time, we aim to 
get back to our 15% percent kind of margins, but in the immediate future, for 
the next few quarters, , as I said, it's becoming difficult for us to give you 
exact guidance, but we should be able to maintain the margins we are seeing 
in the first half. 
 
Sumit Agrawal 
Okay. And just one more question on the acquisition, which is Unitop and 
Tristar. So some development that you can share as to, let's say, any new 
customers, new geographies, new products in the Europe , or Europe plus 
One strategy, if Rossari has been able to make enrolls into some of those 
negotiations or contracts, some qualitative inputs on these two acquisitions, 
please? 
 
Sunil Chari 
Unitop is focused on agro-business, they're leaders in agro surfactants, and 
they're doing quite well in their sphere. The production facilities are very 
good and market demand is very good. We are trying to focus on exports for 
the business and also on domestic businesses, we are trying to grow. 
 
 
Unitop has been very good acquisition for us in terms of EBITDA and what 
we paid for it and having no governance issues, we are very pleased. After 
one year of acquisition, both companies seem to have grown 60%-70%, on 
year-to-year basis in terms of top line. Volume growth also has happened. 
We do not have exact figures because there were no comparative figures 
for last year, but we think we have grown both in terms of volume and value. 
 
 
Tristar also, if you see, the last quarter it has grown well. Tristar major 
exports are Europe, which is affected. So we see some subdued demand 
from Europe for Tristar. The Tristar is into personal care additives and 
personal care additives in Europe market is slow. We see some slowdown 
in the European markets. As both the subsidiaries had big proportion of 
exports and we see some slowdown in U.S. and in Europe. 
 
 
We are not able to give you guidance on what happens but we are happy 
with Unitop and Tristar. They have done well in terms of what we expected 
and what they have done. The teams at both the companies, we've been 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
able to integrate well the finance, procurement, we have been able to 
integrate well, cross-selling synergies, we are still focusing, working, taking 
trials. 
 
 
And Edward ji just mentioned now that SAP is something which we are 
implementing in Rossari. So, I would request Ketan sir to give feedback on 
SAP. 
 
Ketan Sablok 
So as our process of integration, there are a lot of steps which we took post 
the acquisition of these two companies. On the digital front and the IT front, 
the first step we took was to integrate the software’s across all the entities. 
And that's when we decided to get into SAP. Now, SAP is in the process of 
implementation across all the companies in the Group. 
 
 
So I think going forward with this the ERP coming onto stream with SAP 
HANA, I think the veracity of information data, as well as some of the 
decisions in terms of our products, their margins, and our strategy, I think 
we'll have much more better data as well as we'll be able to take much more 
informed decisions on our strategy going forward. 
 
 
So SAP is one of the activities that we've undertaken across the Group. 
 
Sumit Agrawal 
Sure. And sir, among the smaller segments, let's say Textiles or Animal 
Health. The annual report mentioned setting up a new line of polyester 
chemistry at Dahej. So some update on that. And secondly, on the Animal 
Health side, I know it's a small business right now, but can you talk a bit 
about slightly on longer-term developments here that you're doing? I think 
this was about 200 products with some 40 distributors. So how are those 
brands doing, and just some update over there from a longer-term 
perspective. 
 
Edward Menezes 
We had mentioned in our previous call, there were two or three lines of 
business that we were pursuing, and basically also using the synergy 
between the acquired companies. So, one of them was Sizing, where in 
sizing in the textile industry, both for polyester as well as cotton. Now, this 
has taken off nicely, we've already established the polyester resin sizing for 
water jet looms already and this business has taken off. 
 
 
Apart from that we have recently introduced a few acrylic-based sizes for 
polyester, and one of the large polyester manufacturers has approved our 
product, and the first orders have gone out. So, in the sizing, we are very 
happy with what is happening. 
 
 
Apart from sizing, like the acquisition of Romakk, the new technology of 
silicon polymers also was acquired. And as you know, in finishing textiles as 
well as in agro, a lot of silicon polymers are being used. We have been able 
to very successfully substitute or very successfully replace imported items 
of silicon polymers which were used in textile finishing. 
 
 
The newer technology, which we call as the block silicone, silicons have 
been now indigenized and manufactured both at Romakk as well as we have 
expanded the facility at Dahej. So Dahej has a bigger facility now set up to 
manufacture these silicon polymers. 
 
 
There is also a breakthrough in the silicon polymer for agro, in agro, a lot of 
silicon polymers are used for spreading or super spreading and vetting. And 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
we've successfully made the first batches for these silicon polymers and got 
them approved at a few large users. And we are sure that this will culminate 
in business in the next year. 
 
 
We've also applied our R&D for coating in technical textiles. So, in technical 
textiles also, we have got approvals for these coating chemicals as well as 
expanding our footprint in water treatment chemicals. Earlier we had not 
used the opportunity to use our synergy between the textile chemicals as 
well as the water treatment chemicals. But now what we've done is the textile 
chemicals has taken over part of the sales of the water treatment chemicals, 
and we've been able to successfully crack some huge textile central effluent 
treatment plants and introduce a range of coagulants there. 
 
 
Apart from that we are also, like the last time I said, some special polymers 
for pharma coating which have already been developed, and we are happy 
to inform that approval for the manufacturing of these coatings at Dahej have 
been received, and shortly we will commence manufacturer of these pharma 
coatings. 
 
 
We are also focusing on green surfactants, and one of the surfactants that 
we are focusing are on the glycolipids. And R&D work has started in this 
area. These green surfactants will now help us to get into certain personal 
care ingredients and help us in the formulations for animal health as well as 
home care, especially laundry detergents and shampoos in our pet care. 
 
 
We’re also in the process of reintroducing the grinding age, and dispersants 
both in the ceramic and the cement industry. In the Animal Health front, we 
have recently commissioned a granulation facility to introduce a range of 
new products for animal health as well as we are in the planning to put in 
resources for pre-mix, that is the vitamin pre-mix in animal health, which is 
a very large portion of our business. 
 
All in all, most of the initiatives that we have taken in R&D have either been 
successfully deployed in the last quarter or are on the verge of deployment 
in the bulk. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from Yes Securities. 
 
Nitin Tiwari 
Thanks for the opportunity again, sir. My question is related to the synergy 
that you highlighted with respect to Unitop and Tristar. If you can just 
elaborate a little in terms of whether that synergy has been in terms of 
utilization of the plant or in terms of supply chain? So how have we been 
able to grow the revenue by about 50%- 60% that you indicated on a y-on-y 
basis. What has basically led to that sort of a growth? So if you can just help 
us understand that a little bit. 
 
Sunil Chari. 
So the cross-selling, as Ketan sir said we have been able to implement in 
the last few quarters in our subsidiaries. We had connections with a lot of 
our customers who are using surfactants. We helped our subsidiaries to 
grow business in those customers. And that is the reason. The more 
business came into subsidiaries than Rossari because we wanted the 
business to happen directly but we have now positioned Rossari as a non 
agro single point company for the future, and we are slowly building up sales 
from Rossari for all the subsidiary products also. The in-house consumption  
also, we ‘ve  been able to give to the subsidiaries, and so we are buying a 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
lot of raw materials, which we were  buying from outside, we are buying  from 
our subsidiaries now. 
 
 
In terms of also joined working within the three subsidiaries, the teams and 
our good R&D teams and our consultants and the production teams at the 
three facilities have combined and worked as one team in four projects. And 
these four projects could do well in the future. As Edward sir said regarding 
silicon surfactants, so we had three teams from Romakk, from Tristar, from 
Rossari, and also from Unitop working together. For the phenoxy propanol. 
again, Rossari marketing teams, and the Tristar manufacturing and the 
Unitop manufacturing team worked in one synergy. 
 
 
 
Similarly, one more silicon surfactants, the Romakk and the Tristar and 
Unitop teams are working well. What we also got in the subsidiaries was 
excellent production base in terms of machinery with good quality of 
machinery, but also good amount of skilled manpower. And this we were 
able to use and help them catalyze the growth. If you see Unitop and Tristar, 
their average growth was 10%- 20% in the past few years. But we have been 
able to grow well just because we are able to get into all the customers. And 
the total of Rossari and our connections to the customers helped the 
subsidiaries’ growth. 
 
Nitin Tiwari 
Can we conclude that some amount of production was shifted from Rossari 
to Uniop and Tristar because you mentioned that as far as like Rossari is 
concerned, you trying to develop it as a non-agro entity. So did the utilization 
levels at Unitop and Tristar increase materially between last year and now? 
 
Sunil Chari 
Yes, definitely. As Ketan sir said, we had volume growth at both the 
subsidiaries compared to last year. 
 
Nitin Tiwari 
Great, sir. This was very helpful, sir. And secondly, if you can just help 
understand the utilization levels currently that we have in our facilities 
across, I mean like across Rossari, Unitop and Tristar, and then like, I'll just 
add another question. So basically, on the interest cost, like you just 
indicated that because of IND AS treatment, the interest costs have gone 
up. So if you can just elaborate that point a little bit as well like how that effect 
has come into place? 
 
Ketan Sablok                             The capacity utilization, I think we were at similar levels like the first quarter, 
so about 50%- 55% across all our entities. 
 
 
So, interest costs were basically, these acquisitions that we had done, there 
is a liability which we have created in the books for the balance amount of 
money which we have to pay for the balance acquisition percentage, and for 
that liability, it's discounted as per IND AS. A discount charge in terms of 
interest is booked in the P&L, so that's the interest charge, which is coming 
in. 
 
 
Along with that interest charge, on the amount that we've paid for the 
acquisitions, we do  a PPA allocation based on which it is an amortization 
that happens, which again is part, of P&L account, which again comes under 
the head of depreciation. So, if you see the current year and last year, you 
will see a significant charge both in the depreciation front as well as on the 
interest charge. 
 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
The interest charge will happen till the time we do the complete 100% 
acquisition of both the companies and the liability in terms of the balance 
shareholding gets discharged. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Purohit from InvesQ 
Investment. 
 
Siddharth Purohit 
Sir, in the last couple of months we have taken some price hikes. But now 
that probably the macro industry is not in favor of most of the large players, 
are you facing some issues or maybe are you seeing some sort of price roll 
back or is that a concern going ahead because certainly, a lot of other 
industries are not in a position to go for price hike. That is one thing. 
 
 
And secondly, how have the key raw material prices behaved during the 
beginning of this quarter? 
 
Sunil Chari 
If you see our EBITDA, Rs. 114 crore of EBITDA in the first half, this has 
been our highest ever EBITDA ever in the history of Rossari on consolidated 
basis. So we have done very well in terms of getting higher amounts of 
margin from the customers. We have been brave, we have been able to pass 
on price hikes to the customers. 
 
 
So what is happening is now the price per kilo of our finished product is 
falling, because the raw materials’ price are falling. We are confident about 
the amount of margin, but the selling value might look lesser, but we are 
focused on the fact that we will continue to grow or maintain the existing 
EBITDA margins looking at the macroeconomic situation. We don't see any 
pressure on margins that way because we’ve understood now, and we have 
stood by our customers. As we said in the past calls, when the price 
increased substantially, we did not increase the amount of margin, but we 
maintained our margins. And so that is why we are seeing a gradual 
improvement in margins across Rossari. 
 
 
In terms of business, of course, as you said, the Europe business looks 
weaker for Tristar this quarter but Unitop and Rossari, the business seems 
to be stable in spite of all these headwinds. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
 
Rohit Nagraj 
Sir, last quarter we had indicated that FY23, our guidance for EBIDTA would 
be Rs. 250 crore. We have already done about Rs. 114 crore and PAT of 
about Rs. 150 crore and we'll relook at the numbers post Q2. So do we still 
maintain the same guidance or we want to probably revise it based on Q2 
or H1 numbers? Thank you. 
 
Ketan Sablok 
Yes, so, Rohit, you're right. We said that we'll come back on these numbers 
post our Q2. Now, given the way the business is shaping up and as during 
the call we've discussed about globally how the markets are shaping up and 
the demand profile, we've already indicated, we expect to end the year on 
similar kind of margin percentage. On the top line we should be closer to that 
Rs. 2,000 crore number which we had indicated. So we should be between 
Rs. 1,800 crore to Rs. 2,000 crore. So that's what we are foreseeing now. 
 
 
H1, we've already done about Rs. 850- 860 crore . So, if we simply double 
that, we'll be closer to the Rs. 1,800 crore. But these are the estimates as of 
now and our aim will of course, be to surpass these numbers, but currently 
ROSSARI 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
on the margin front we should be in similar kind of margin range of between 
12% to 14%, and on the top line we should be between Rs. 1,800 crore, Rs. 
1,900 crore, kind of run rate for this year at least. 
 
Rohit Nagraj 
Right, right, got it. Sir, the second question is in terms of the export 
opportunity. So after Tristar and Unitop acquisitions, are there any positives 
which Rossari standalone has witnessed I mean, we have seen that cross-
selling has been happening across our companies, but anything particularly 
on the export front and there the opportunity could be a sizeable over the 
next two, three years? Thank you. 
 
Sunil Chari 
So for Tristar, we see phenoxy propanol, or now it will be Rossari, this is a 
good coordination and cross synergies between three companies, Rossari, 
Unitop and Tristar. This, could be a good volume growth for us in the future. 
 
 
Agro surfactants and surfactants as a category, we think there could be 
substantial uptick if the export markets improve. Silicones for agro 
application could have a very good market in the future. So we continue to 
focus on our core chemistries of enzyme, silicone, acrylics and surfactants, 
and continue to see where we can make our customers more competitive, 
either in terms of value, sustainability, green chemistry reducing the loads of 
BOD, COD, TDS. We see a good future.  
 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
Management for closing comments. Over to you. 
 
Edward Menezes 
Thank you, everyone. I am sure we have been able to answer all your 
questions satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would 
like to know more the company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR 
India. 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
ROSSARI 
