                    
 
                                                                                                                       www.arvindsmartspaces.com         
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Regd. Office: 24, Government Servant Society, 
Near Municipal Market, Off C. G. Road, 
Navrangpura, Ahmedabad, 3800 009, India 
Tel.: +91 79 68267000 
CIN: L45201GJ2008PLC055771 
 
 
12th November, 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Security Code: 539301 
Security ID     : ARVSMART 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol: ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Monday, 7th November, 2022 to discuss Q2 & H1 FY23 Results of the Company. 
  
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
Prakash 
Bhogilal 
Makwana
Digitally signed by 
Prakash Bhogilal 
Makwana 
Date: 2022.11.12 16:16:31 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 26 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call 
Nov 07, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind SmartSpaces 
Limited Q2 & H1 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today 
on the call. Mr. Kamal Singal, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Ankit Jain, 
the Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Avinash Suresh, Chief Operating Officer; 
Mr. Prakash Makwana, CS, and Mr. Vikram Rajput, Head - Investor 
Relations. 
 
Please note that a copy of disclosure is available on the Investors section 
of the website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited as well as on stock 
exchanges. Please do note that anything said on this call, which reflects 
the outlook towards the future which could be construed as a forward-
looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the 
company faces. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal  
Kamal Singal: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Good afternoon. A very warm welcome, Diwali, and 
New Year greetings to everyone present on this call. Thank you for joining 
today to discuss the operating and financial performance Arvind 
SmartSpaces for the second quarter and the first half ending September 
30, 2022. 
 
I would like to begin by sharing my thoughts on real estate environment 
and broad highlights of the quarter. We then can look forward to taking 
your questions and suggestions.  
We believe the current upcycle in the housing market is likely to remain 
intact, and we see several factors contributing to this. Demand continues 
to benefit from the lifestyle changes where consumers are looking to shift 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 26 
to projects with contemporary amenities, upgradation to the large homes 
and increased adaption of hybrid work models, work from home, etc 
We believe the current upcycle in housing market is likely to remain intact 
and we see several factors contributing to this. Demand continues to 
benefit from lifestyle changes, where consumers are looking to shift 
projects with contemporary amenities, upgradation to large homes, and 
increased adoption of hybrid work models - WFH or Work from 
Anywhere. Housing prices have increased across cities and absorbed well 
by consumers so far. The salaried class and end users are driving demand 
in mid-income segment. Luxury market also continues to do well and 
history tells us that luxury real estate generally picks up in an upcycle.   
Improved affordability across cities on account of subdued prices and 
decadal low interest rate has been driving housing demand in the past 
few years. However, interest rates have been moving northwards 
successively in the last few months. While interest rate hikes have not 
impacted demand significantly, we remain watchful.  
Consolidation and formalization of the sector continues to play out with 
organized players especially the listed and leading ones consistently 
gaining market share.  We believe developers with strong balance sheet 
shall thrive and continue to grow larger.  In line, our aim is to be amongst 
India’s top ten real estate players. We have the balance sheet, brand, 
geographical presence, product mix, capital allocation strategies, 
operational excellence and digital capabilities to successfully achieve this 
milestone in the medium term. 
 
Coming to our quarterly performance. Q2 has been an eventful quarter 
for the company with traction across business development, launches and 
bookings. Booking performance remained healthy despite a seasonal 
muted quarter, with a momentum across sustenance as well as new 
launches.  
During the quarter, bookings grew by 3% year-on-year to Rs. 189 Crore. 
Two projects were launched in Ahmedabad, the first being Fruits of Life, 
which witnessed an overwhelming response with the entire launched 
inventory of Rs.90 Crore sold within 36 hours. The acquisition to launch 
cycle in this project is noteworthy, which was just about 3 months. The 
second project was Forreste 5. This is the fifth phase of a large project 
called Forreste, and this was launched towards the end of the quarter, 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 26 
and it has also witnessed a healthy traction with the higher price 
realizations. Our Q2 financial year 2023 collection stood at Rs. 113 Crore 
as against Rs. 161 Crore last year, where collections have been subdued 
this quarter. However, we expect them to improve meaningfully with 
some of the important milestones getting achieved and completed in the 
coming weeks and months. 
 
Business development, as you know, continue to remain the top KRA for 
the leadership team here. We are happy to share you details of 
acquisition of our 9th and 10th projects in Bangalore. We acquired a new 
project admeasuring around 27 acres of land with a potential top line of 
around 250 Crore plus at Doddaballapur Road under HDFC Platform 2. 
Further, we acquired a new project admeasuring 18 acres of land with a 
top line of around 150 Crore near IVC Road North Bangalore. This project 
actually is getting close to or rather adjacent to the first one that we have 
been doing in Devanahalli and is fully owned by the company. This is not 
under the platform. This is 100% owned by the company. There is a 
potential opportunity to increase the size of both these projects 
significantly by 2x to 3x subject to technical, analytical diligences, and we 
are very hopeful that this should be done. 
 
Bangalore is our second home, where Arvind Group has significant 
operations and human capital. Over the years, Arvind SmartSpaces has 
leveraged the group’s brand equity in Bengaluru and has built a 
meaningful presence there. We continue to deepen our market share 
there. With these acquisitions, we now have 4 projects in Bangalore lined 
up for launch in the upcoming months and quarters. 
 
While on Bangalore, let me bring attention to our digital capabilities. 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited has launched a digital sales platform for its 
project – Arvind Bel Air in Yelahanka, Bengaluru. The platform enables 
users to experience different units from inside as well as experience 
actual views from the balconies which are shot at location using a drone. 
In addition to this, the user is able to view the available inventory and 
select his desired unit as well as see the entire cost break-up. This brings 
in a lot of transparency and trust in the entire home buying process.   
We are excited with the progress of our partnership with HDFC. Within a 
short span of 2 months, we have already added 2 projects to our portfolio 
through this platform already. The 27-acre project is the second 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 26 
acquisition under the newly created HDFC Platform 2. You would 
remember that under the first platform, we had already acquired a 
project in Bangalore. 
 
Moving on from operational updates to the financial highlights. In H1, we 
reported a revenue of Rs. 111 Crore, up 110% on a year-on-year basis. 
EBITDA for H1 grew by 32% to Rs. 20 Crore. PAT for the H1 grew 132% to 
Rs. 12 Crore. In Q2, we reported a revenue of Rs. 50 Crore, up 96% year-
on-year. EBITDA for Q2 grew by 34% to Rs.9 Crore. PAT for the quarter 
grew 79% to Rs. 4.8 Crore. Our balance sheet position remains strong. As 
on September 30, 2022, our net debt remains negative at 11 Crore. 
However, the company has started leveraging its balance sheet with the 
introduction of gross debt this quarter, mainly for the new acquisitions. 
We have significant headroom to raise fresh funds, while maintaining a 
very healthy debt equity ratio and other parameters when it comes to 
leveraging the balance sheet. 
 
Another notable development this quarter has been the exercise of 
28,50,000 warrants of ASL entailing an investment of Rs 29 crore by 
myself. After several years at the helm of Arvind SmartSpaces, my 
commitment and belief in the Company has only increased. This 
investment of personal capital highlights my confidence in ASL's growth 
trajectory. It is also a reflection of the underlying value in the company 
given the milestones achieved to-date, as well as the opportunities that 
lie ahead. 
 
To conclude my remarks, real estate sector prospects remain very strong 
with a cohesive improvement in demand, supply and prices across 
markets that we are operating and otherwise. The housing cycle has 
remained very positive, especially for organized players with established 
track record of design and execution. We look forward to leveraging our 
brand and a strong balance sheet to further expand our portfolio of 
projects in our focus markets of Bengaluru, Ahmedabad, Pune, and of 
course, we are now entering MMR as we have said before and we are 
putting efforts towards that. The remainder of the year should witness an 
improvement in our performance across parameters, and we expect to 
end the year on a very strong note. 
 
Thank you. Now over to the question-and-answers. 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 26 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Chaitanya Shah from 
Silverline Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
My question is regarding the Slide #50 in the presentation that has been 
uploaded. Could you just give some brief on the acquisition target that 
you mentioned that you are targeting Rs.5000 Crore worth of acquisitions 
in the next 12 months? So, could you just give a brief on that? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. Sure. So the new platform with HDFC is worth Rs.900 Crore, out of 
which Rs.600 Crore is to be invested by HDFC and Rs.300 Crore is to be 
invested by us from internal accruals and otherwise. Historically, we have 
noted that we have a multiple of around 5 to 6 between the top line 
cumulative and the amount of money invested in land. So, Rs.900 Crore 
should give us a number of around Rs.5000 cores and thereabouts. 
Although the primary target of acquiring any project is to consolidate and 
add up to the bottom line, of course, the free cash flows and EBITAs and 
PATs, etc., and generally, we have been speaking about a margin or an 
EBITDA level margin in excess of maybe around 25%. So, Rs.5000 Crore 
should give you anything more than or something more than Rs.1250 odd 
Crore. 
 
Now what can happen is that depending upon the sequence of projects 
which are acquired, you might sometimes take more horizontal project 
initially and then migrate to the verticals and vice versa. As we speak, we 
are on course to achieve this Rs.5000 Crore through an investment of 
Rs.900 Crore. All the initial bunch of investment itself, where the top line 
corresponding to investment is on a little lower size, but the margins are 
even healthier than what our target of Rs.1250 Crore. So actively 
investment is in line with these numbers of Rs.5000 and Rs.1250 Crore of 
margins per se, and both the projects that we have acquired under the 
new platform is in line of that. 
Ankit Jain: 
Just to add, while Slide #50, what you are looking at Rs.5000 Crore is just 
some of the areas. Overall, this summarizes our business strategy in terms 
of what do we want to be, where we want to be focused, in which 
segment, in which geographies, and one of the segments, one of the pillar 
is sound capital allocation, since we have signed a platform with HDFC, 
which we have announced last quarter, within that platform, we are 
expecting a top line potential of Rs.5000 Crore. There will be other areas 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 26 
besides the platform, where we will continue to add to our project 
portfolio and that will be our top line completely. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
I understand, and the reason I asked this question is, looking at one of the 
other slides, the Slide #24, also in your presentation. The total sales done 
by the company, including the ongoing projects we completed. The launch 
is close to Rs.6000 Crore. So, when we talk about addition of new Rs.5000 
Crore, that is a very big addition to the current size that the company is 
operating in. So just in terms of business development, in terms of the 
management bandwidth, what has been changed, and what gives you 
confidence that you will be able to handle such a big volume in such a 
short period of time? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, you are right. I mean, of course, the company is in the middle of an 
orbital change and trajectory is changing. That is very clear from the 
numbers But the good news is that in the last couple of years and 
especially post-pandemic has shown us that company each year, both 
from management bandwidth point of view and resourcing point of view, 
and HDFC platform has given us that impetus in our capital structure 
where money is now not a constraint, which always used to be the case 
even otherwise before the platform and others elements kicked in. 
 
Money has been infused by promoters and KMPs, and also this platform is 
working and helping us leeway on that. So, bandwidth, yes, we have 
ticked this box and we have acquired some of the large ones in Bangalore 
for the first time in the last couple of years. The team has been further 
strengthened. I mean, today, if you look at the critical resources that we 
have and the kind of experience that the team has now is very 
qualitatively different from what we used to have, and we know our KRAs. 
We know what we need to do to do that, and that is what we are working 
on. 
 
As I said in my initial address, also that the KRA for the senior leadership 
team is to add projects and that is clearly our focus. So, we are very 
confident, and we also can share with you that the pipeline of projects is 
very healthy. Of course, we are very, very choosy. Of course, will remain 
very, very conservative. Of course, we will be very, very cautious, while 
money is there and resources are there. We do not want to be in a hurry 
to doing anything which is faster or which is not as prudent as it should be 
within the realm of conservatism and caution that we always exercise, 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 26 
and that is why you will appreciate it. Every single project till date has 
been performing well, cash positive and broadly everything is in an 
autopilot mode where projects have recovered their money or 
investments very, very quickly, and then on, the cash flows are getting 
generated. In the last couple of years, we have seen that happening very 
clearly. God has been kind and the team has been working wonderfully to 
ensure that every single project is performing, and we are not getting 
stuck on anything that we have taken up. We want to remain this way, 
and this means we will be a little conservative and remain conservative, 
and that is how it is expected to turn out. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
My last question is on the current global backdrop of recession and even 
domestically overall data touch 9% or in some cases, even exceeded 9%. 
So, what is your view on the real estate cycle as of today, especially 
because we have a very aggressive growth plan? 
Kamal Singal: 
As of now, if you see in the short term, we do not see any major worry. 
The momentum is great. The market is great. The sentiment is good, and 
people are looking at real estate, both for consumption and as an 
investment option in a very aggressive way. In fact, we have seen traction 
across our products. Some of the products are luxury, some of the 
products are mid-priced. Some of the products are investment. Some of 
the products are very, very consumption oriented. 
 
I mean, let us take our Fruits of Life, for example, it is an investment 
product essentially speaking. Maybe the actual use of the product will 
come 5 to 10 years hence, and that has done so very well. At the same 
time, our Bel Air is selling robust, very strong and very consistent. So, we 
see traction across. Interest fees have moved up from more like a 7-plus 
percentage to 8%, 8.5% now, which obviously is something which we 
should be keeping in mind. But I think, as I said in the previous call also, so 
as long as it does not cross 9%, there are no big worries because 7%, 7.5% 
was an exception. 8.5%, 9% is not an exception. It should not impact in 
very significant way. 
 
Beyond that, of course, there are ways and means that one has to think of 
and a little bit of a price escalation or the cost escalation in that sense. In 
a long-term real estate cycle, it is good to increase costs gradually, and 
that also makes people take their calls early. They take their buying 
decisions early, and that is what is happening. So, we are not overly 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 26 
worried at this point in time. We see short and medium-term to be stable. 
Interest rates, nevertheless, are broadly okay at this point. We do not see 
any dramatic things happening. Rupee has depreciated, but it might 
become stable from here onwards or might remain consistent from here 
onwards. So, we are okay at this point in time, and we are, of course, are 
keeping an eye on what happens from here onwards. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
So in the opening remarks, you mentioned that we are looking to be 
among the top 10 real estate players in India. Did I hear it right? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. Correct. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And this will be a part of what you have mentioned, strong balance sheet, 
brand HDFC tie up, etc. ? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay sir, all the best and thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Yes. Sure. Sir, I have 2 questions. One, pertaining to our bookings 
guidance for the year, and if you could put some number for, say, FY2024, 
FY2025, and second, you are talking about entering the MMR region. So 
just wanted your thoughts on one of the reasons why you want to enter 
the MMR market, number one, and number two, would it be pure play 
land acquisition? Or are we looking at JV, JD or redevelopment mode as 
far as MMR market is concerned? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. I mean, as a policy, we do not give guidance per se on the critical 
parameters. We have been achieving a certain amount of trajectory in 
terms of growth in all these critical parameters. Historically, last 3 to 4 
years have been robust. We have been growing in between 30% to 40% in 
the critical ones. Our idea is to keep growing at that rate going forward. 
So, that is something which possibly can be worked on based on the 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 26 
trends that we have achieved, and this is what we continue to strive and 
achieve. That is one. 
 
Regarding MMR, yes, we have been very, very conservative when it 
comes to horizontal expansion across geographies more than a decade of 
operations, and we have been kind of going deeper and deeper in our 
home market of Ahmedabad and also our second home, which is 
Bangalore. Bangalore, today, we are very strong, and the pipeline is 
strong, and the visibility is strong and the amount of investment which are 
right now happening is also an indication that there all the building blocks 
are in place to go deeper and deeper, and of course, that market can take 
bigger. 
 
But having spent more than a decade in these 2 major markets, we think 
now is the time that we could explore Mumbai, Maharashtra in general, 
but Mumbai and Pune in particular. To do that a few quarters back, we 
entered Pune to understand the environment. We have one project which 
is up and running. We have learned the nuances. We have learned our 
lessons there. We have understood the environment there, and we now 
feel very confident. This is now the time possibly to take the brand 
extension into MMR and Pune in general. We are very aggressively now 
looking at Pune and MMR both to have this as a growth engine. 
 
So, with this addition, maybe we will have 3 geographies, and we are 
putting a very strong team of execution, project development, etc., in 
these markets. So, the simple reason is that Mumbai gives us one 
additional market. Second, having penetrated deeper into the existing 
market, it is now appropriate for us to expand in the third one. Before we 
move into any market, we want to make sure that we are deep enough in 
the previous ones, and the third one or the fourth one should be deep 
enough for us to have that setup, which can take care of volumes which 
are appropriate for us given our size.  
 
So, MMR makes very natural sense, and by the way, the way our brand is 
recalled very well in South, especially in Bangalore, we feel that our group 
base in Gujarat based in Ahmedabad and very, very strong from other 
business point of view and even otherwise in Bangalore. Mumbai and 
Pune will give us very similar advantages. Pune, for example, is an IT-
driven market, and our core consumer is that consumer, which has an 
income bracket of Rs.30 lakhs to Rs.40 lakhs. They can spend Rs.1 lakh to 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 26 
Rs.1.5 lakh in EMIs. They have already bought a house where they are 
living, but they can invest in one more of a similar size for end 
consumption or for rental or as an investment portfolio, etc., and the 
disposable income ratio is all there, and that fits into our overall 
segmentation, pricing bracket, etc. 
 
And the broader characteristics of the market also matched there, and 
besides that, Mumbai has that brand recall, Arvind, in a very significant 
way. We have done our test marketing. We have done our studies and 
analysis there in some of the macro markets. We find that Arvind can 
resonate in a very significant way, the way it happened in case of 
Bangalore as well. So, these are the clear reasons why we should be 
there. 
 
And the last part of the question is about whether we want to do 
acquisitions, JV and JD, etc. I think we will do everything. We are currently 
looking at everything. We can buy out. We can obviously do JVs, and we 
are looking at that, and JDs, of course, is one of the most preferred route 
that we want to take. MMR means a lot of money when it comes to 
acquiring land parcels. JDs make more sense. Maybe you will see the 
component of JD to be healthy eventually once it all settles down. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And sir, last, if I may squeeze in. You talked about that currently, we are at 
a comfortable leverage. So just wanted to understand till what levels can 
we go? Is there any number which you are looking at in terms of leverage 
or absolute number? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I mean, today, the net debt is still negative. I mean having a decent 
amount of money in the last 2 quarters outside the platform. I mean, 
within the platform, we are still negative. So, we have got a lot of 
headroom to raise funds through debt. Historically, we have been telling 
and we have been targeting to not go beyond 1:1 on debt equity, but that 
is not the only criteria to look at it. But on actual basis, we have never 
touched even 1. So, while we will keep that target in mind that we should 
never be more than 1:1, we hope that we will always remain significantly 
below 1:1. So maybe more like a 0.7, 0.8 or something. That is what is 
there in our mind. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 26 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirthi Jain from Canara 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Kirthi Jain: 
Sir, first of all, congratulations for newer business development activities, 
which you have taken. Sir, my first question is with regards to our 
collections. Sir, our collection at Rs.115 Crore, when we see that our sales, 
Bavlu has happened Rs.90 Crore, where we would have collected full 
money. So, excluding Bavlu, we have collected only 25 Crore, or how we 
should read about the collection, sir? 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. So, we give project-wise collections, which is there on the other slide 
on the quarter 2 synopsis. Bavlu collection because it is only a launch 
quarter, so we initially collect only limited sums, and hence, we have 
collected close to Rs.5 odd Crore out of the Rs.116 Crore. 
Kirthi Jain: 
Sir, my second question is with regard to the 2 new projects where we 
have highlighted that we can increase the area by 2x to 3x, subject to 
technical and legal feasibility. So, sir, my question is the land parcels have 
got negotiated or the price is also under negotiation? Or how is the 
situation, sir, with regard to the newer prospects in the Doddaballapur 
and the newer, Devanahalli projects, sir? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. These are horizontal projects, and we always have something called 
a critical mass or the critical size of the project. Unless we hit that 
threshold, we do not call it as a project. We do not get into aggregation 
directly. Of course, it is done through some of the aggregators and some 
of the people who are primarily responsible to do that, and we put our 
penny only when we see that the critical mass is happening in first shot. 
For example, Doddaballapur, in one shot, we did some 27 acres. 25 acres 
was the minimum we had set a condition because we know that once it 
crosses 25 acres, the project is on. 
 
We are not stuck with 10 acres in that location, which is neither here not 
there. It cannot be used for a high rise at least at this point in time. It 
might be the case in a couple of years, but not today, and plotting for 10 
acres is too small a thing to get into and execute and create something 
which is interesting for the consumer. So, the moment we saw that 25 
acres is ready, we did 27 acres in one shot, and we know that the project 
is on and that is how we are telling the market and everybody that this 
project is now on. Same is case with the other one, 18 acres. 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
But all these projects and acquisitions are such, where the idea is not to 
stop at 25 acres or 18 acres, etc. For example, the first project in 
Devanahalli started with something very similar, 25 acres, 26 acres and 
today, it has crossed 50 acres, and idea is to make it even bigger. As you 
make the projects bigger, it becomes more and more financially viable 
and profitable because the land, the backside keeps coming cheaper and 
faster, etc. So that is what we are targeting. Idea will be to do 2x and even 
more, both these projects. But as is, we are happy with the size that we 
have already got, and this means that our targets and our profitability and 
our configurations and our projects are on with the size that we have 
acquired already, and there is a very strong chance of adding a very 
significant amount of land in these projects. 
Kirthi Jain: 
Sure, sir. one of the things which we envisage compared to other real 
estate companies that we want to be a factory sort of a real estate 
company. Sir, when do you see a big launch pipeline kicking in for us, sir, 
like Bavlu has done? But like continuously monthly one project getting 
launched for us, when will we see that, sir? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, if you really see last quarter and this quarter call, we launched couple 
of projects over the last 3 months, and as you very rightly said, we have to 
do it over and over and over again. That is in place. We have started doing 
it and delivering on that already, and the idea is to keep doing it, and if 
you were to touch Rs.5000 Crore from the platform, then obviously, we 
will have to keep doing it. The new project is giving Rs.250 Crore, Rs.500 
Crore or maybe we will start looking at slightly bigger ones from here 
onwards. But that should start coming into the market very soon and the 
team is working on that. 
Kirthi Jain: 
Sure, sir. Sir, my last question with regard to business development 
pipeline, how is the pipeline looking, and any target if you can guide for 
business development, what we are targeting for the next 6 months, and 
the second question is with regard to the launches. What is the launch 
pipeline for this next 5 months, sir? These are the 2 questions. 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. The platform money, which is Rs.900 Crore has to be deployed in 
the earliest. We already have the money that is our contribution with us. 
Those lines and those surpluses are all there in the company already, and 
of course, HDFC money is available. So, it is a question of getting the right 
projects, getting the right options and we being convinced technically and 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 26 
legally on those and then acquiring them. As we speak, the pipeline is 
fairly strong. The list is bigger than what we need, and hence, it is a 
question of scrutinizing them and picking and choosing from the options, 
which are broadly already kind of created. 
 
As of now, the commitments, etc., are pretty healthy, and we are very, 
very confident and hopeful by before the end of this financial year, we 
would have committed our entire Rs.900 Crore, and there are great 
indications to suggest that this will be achieved. On the launch side, yes, 
we should launch our first project in Devanahalli any point in time, 
anytime from now. Then we are also hoping that Sarjapur villa project, we 
should be launching before the end of this financial, which is on track and 
now on track and should happen, and apart from that, at least 1 more 
launch is something that we are working on within this financial. So, 
between today and next 4-odd months, there should be 3 large launches. 
Kirthi Jain: 
Thanks a lot sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from 
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is on the Mumbai 
and the Pune market. So, you are looking to make an entry in Mumbai 
market and consolidate further into Pune market. So what kind of gross 
development value projects in this financial year are you looking to add 
from the Mumbai market? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, see, we are not keeping any specific number in mind. For example, 
Pune, we took a little while before we said, okay, now we are on, and now 
we want to add and invest significantly there. To that extent, Pune will be 
easier to consolidate, and that is what is happening. We will be a little 
conservative in MMR in acquiring new projects. But definitely, we want to 
make a start with at least 1 or 2 projects in MMR within this financial year 
from the land acquisition point of view. But we are not really working on 
any very specific number out there. It is about starting and starting it well, 
starting it on a very strong footing, and that is where we believe that 1 or 
2 projects to be committed with this financial year will be a great idea in a 
new market. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir, how are you looking to do? I mean, are you going to buy outright or 
JD, JVs in these 1 or 2 projects from the capital allocation point of view? 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 26 
So, what could be the investment in land? Or will this largely be assets like 
JD, JVs or redevelopment? So how is your strategy, and how are you 
thinking about the MMR market to start off because even a smaller sized 
project could be Rs.200 Crore to Rs.300 Crore GDV? So, just wanted some 
color on that. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. Great question. As such, in the medium-term, we want to do all the 
3; JV, JDs and outright, and our idea is not to invest more than, say, Rs.100 
Crore to Rs.150 Crore in a location on an outright basis, which is pretty 
small in MMR, right, I mean, as you say. But a JD, JV with this kind of 
investment could be a very, very decent size to enter. So naturally, it will 
be more prudent to believe that first couple of projects might come 
through JV, JDs. But at the same time, we are investing Rs.150 odd Crore 
in a new land acquisition on our own. So as of now, all the 3 options are 
open. We are working all the 3. Let us see which one clicks first. But of 
course, we will not be investing too much of our own money in the very 
beginning in Mumbai, as you said, very right. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
By the financial year end, if you are able to close couple of projects, 1 or 2 
projects, if you had 2 projects. So, each project has sales potential. So, is it 
right to assume that by this year-end, we will have about anywhere from 
Rs.250 Crore to Rs.500 Crore of sales potential as new projects getting 
added from Mumbai? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. I mean, a project not giving Rs.250 Crore and thereabouts is 
something which is too small in any case. So definitely, the target would 
be to have a couple of such projects and a total top line potential of 
Rs.500 Crore is very realistic, and this is something which we should be 
able to achieve, and this is the kind of target which is there in our mind, 
for sure. It could be a little more. I mean suppose JD comes where the top 
line is more than that and the initial investment is less than maybe Rs.150 
odd Crore, it is possible. Through JD route, we should be doing more if 
couple of such deals happen. But irrespective of whether it is JD or 
outright purchase, our top line of around Rs.500 Crore from MMR in this 
financial year from the point of view of new acquisitions and 
commitments, yes. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Second question is on the plotted development. So, the sales value of 
these looks to be a little conservative. If I see 27 acres or the 16 acres, 17 
acres, so is it like you are working on, because realization-wise it looks to 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 26 
be fine, but FSI seems to be much lower. So, are these going to be very 
low-density development like even in plotted? I was wondering if these 
numbers are very conservative. 
Kamal Singal: 
These numbers per se from the square footage point of view are pretty 
accurate. I mean, for example, Bangalore, 1 acre will give you 55% to 56% 
of saleable area and that is what is depicted in the numbers. So, when it 
comes to 1 acre gives how much, that is the case. Because these are 
plotting projects, you do not build on them and there is no buildup area 
calculated. It is about land sales and land sales proportion is 55% to 56% 
of the total land available. That is why the number looks, I mean, sounds 
less. But at the same time, there are locations where we also could do 
hybrid, maybe Phase 1, Phase 2 remains the way we have depicted at this 
point in time. But Phase 3, once the overall development happens, once 
people can get the look and feel of the place there, possibly then we can 
add villas or low-density construction thereafter, and when that happens, 
and of course, that is also there in our mind, and when that happens, the 
saleable area will suddenly start going up for the same project. 
 
Today, the numbers that we have shown are based on pure and pure 55% 
to 56% of plotting to be sold, but there is an upside of adding built-up 
products at maybe Phase 3 or Phase 4 of the same projects. We have not 
projected that far for the same location and the same project, that is 
definitely a possibility to a certain extent in the later phases. But today, 
they are plotting projects mapped and predicted and forecasted that way. 
But whatever is projected, that is very relative for the product mix that we 
envisaged at this point in time. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, because when I see the 50 acres in Devanahalli and 1.1 million square 
feet salable is just about 20%, and you have given an indicative top line of 
Rs.380 crore. So, if 1 acre is about 1 lakh square feet, so 50 acre is about 5 
million, and we have given 1.1 million, so about 20%. So, I was wondering 
why it is so low. 
Kamal Singal: 
For per acre, it will be about 23,000 square feet approximately. So, 23,000 
square feet into 50 acres will work out to about 1.1 million. 
Avinash Suresh: 
And this is more than 50% by the way, not 20%. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Got it. 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 26 
Ankit Jain: 
It is 55%. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I was comparing with residential. group housing. Sir, then my last 
question. So, a lot of BDs happening on plotted. So, any outlook on group 
housing? So how do you want to ramp up the medium on the group 
housing? So, you did mention about Mumbai housing that Mumbai will 
add to the group housing part of the gross development value. So, if you 
can just touch upon how do you intend to ramp up your group housing 
portfolio? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, very, very good question and very good understanding the product 
mix. We are very well aware that while we have more than achieved our 
profitability targets from the product mix, which has been acquired in the 
last couple of quarters. The projects are extremely good. Land acquisition 
prices, etc., have been very, very attractive. We have clearly gained an 
advantage in all the markets that we have acquired land in, in terms of the 
pricing we can offer, and we can easily outprice competition and still 
maintain very healthy margins out there. 
 
But when it comes to the top line, they are low, and hence, we need to 
add some bit of inventory, which is built up and group housing, etc. That is 
where the entire focus has shifted already, and we are now from here 
onwards looking at adding the buildup projects through acquisitions, JDs 
and JVs. Because buildup projects involve more working capital, it has 
more contingent liabilities or commitments. Liability is a little hard to add, 
but commitments, if I were to say, of course, the proportion of JDs will 
now start increasing with the focus on buildups and that is what we are 
doing, and you will see some few things happening in the coming weeks 
and months on that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Thanks Kamalji and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of from Dhananjay Kumar 
Mishra from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Just wanted to understand this. We have close to Rs.2000 Crore revenue 
potential from this business development, and you indicated that 2 or 3 
more launches is expected in next 5 months, and then we have Rs.200 
Crore of sales potential left from the completed and Rs.800 Crore from 
ongoing. So overall, Rs.3000 Crore worth of sales booking is still left from 
all 3 categories. So, what could be this year number in terms of sales 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 26 
bookings and next year? Because I guess, next 15 to 18 months, we would 
be able to close all sales booking from at least these projects? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. To give you that number, it is a little difficult and that kind of 
becomes a guidance, which we do not give. But as I said in the very 
beginning, we have been growing at 30-odd percent and mixes of 30% 
year-on-year the last several years, and that is where we want to land in 
terms of sales. We had Rs.600 odd Crore last year, and of course, we want 
to grow from there onwards this year and thereafter. So, we are hopeful 
and we are working towards an objective of maintaining the growth rate 
that we have achieved in the past and that should be around 30-odd 
percent. So that is where we are. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So, I mean closure to Rs.900 Crore to Rs.1000 Crore is possible for this 
year? 
Kamal Singal: 
I am bad mathematics but I am sure you can do that. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And these all projects will be completed because most of the projects are 
plotted development? So, for next 3 years, can we expect the completion 
of all, at least announced projects, including the business development 
projects? 
Kamal Singal: 
I think projects will take less than 3 years for sure. I mean, yes, in terms of 
sales, they are very quick. Bavlu is one example, the Fruits of Life and the 
other ones also here in Ahmedabad, Forreste is not a plotting really, but 
more like our horizonal. Highgrove has been another, Chirping Woods is 
another example. So, we take significantly less time than 3 years to sell 
but completing it should be a couple of years and thereabouts. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And on HDFC platform, what is the size of project we already have out of 
this Rs.5000 Crore potential you are talking about, like HDFC Platform 1 
and 2 put together? 
Ankit Jain: 
We have already shared that in Slide #23, where we have mentioned 
which project is under HDFC Platform 2. HDFC Platform 2 is a newer 
platform where so far, we have acquired 2 projects. One is Fruits of Life, 
which is partly launched and partly yet to be launched, and the second is 
Doddaballapura project. 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 26 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I will tell you a number, between Platform 1 and 2 HDFC platform 
would have created a top line of around Rs.500 Crore to Rs.600 Crore in 
the bag already. Yes, Platform 1 and 2 together. So, this includes Fruits of 
Life, Doddaballapur Road, and this includes the first project in 
Devanahalli. I mean, we have not disclosed the name. But these 3 projects 
put together for the land that is already acquired and about to be 
launched in various stages of approval, etc., is around Rs.550 Crore to 
maybe Rs.600 Crore, more like Rs.600 Crore to Rs.700 Crore. 
Ankit Jain: 
That also project-wise, we have given in the Slide, one is Rs.380 Crore. 
Second is Rs.250 Crore. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. So if you add these 3 projects, this will add up to that number only. 
So, you need to add Devanahalli, you need to add Doddaballapur Road 
and Fruits of Life. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And sir, just one suggestion, if we can start giving monthly sales number, 
which other real estate companies are giving. That will be helpful for 
track. 
Kamal Singal: 
Noted your suggestion. We will see what the possibilities are and how we 
can go about it.  
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Thank you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H G 
Hawa & Co. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So, what is the kind of land bank that the Arvind Group has, which this 
company can also utilize going forward just like a large industrial 
conglomerate like Godrej and Mahindra have advantage to their real 
estate companies, and do we plan to further get into any kind of 
warehousing or industrial plotting projects also? 
Kamal Singal: 
Answering the second one first. Our focus will remain on residential 
space. But within residential, we will do all the projects or products, which 
is mid-price, luxury, high-rises, villa, townships, plotting, etc. So, within 
residential, it will be very, very widespread, but the focus remains in 
residential. We are not intending to do any warehousing in stock or even 
offices. There can be some adjacencies, which might necessitate or make 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 26 
it logical for us to have some component of these things within a project, 
but primary focus remains residential. What was the other question? 
 
So, we do not own any land banks. This company is an independent 
entity. Any lands that the flagship might have and if we were to get into 
any sort of arrangements like we have in one project, which is Forreste. It 
is done purely on an arms-length basis, where we compete with any other 
developer who could be potential developer for that particular land for 
Arvind Limited per se. But otherwise, our model is not relying on land 
banking. For us, it is important to hit the market at the earliest possible 
time once the land is acquired or the land rights are acquired. We do not 
keep any land in the waiting. So, there is no land bank. 
 
So, it is like as somebody just said during this call, that it is more like a 
manufacturing mindset where land is raw materials and idea is to add 
value, an idea is to exit and sell it at the earliest possible time, and the 
KRA for the entire team and the group is to see that we hit the market 
once the land expenditure is incurred. We hit the market at the earliest 
and bring in development profit rather than speculative profit. So, there is 
no land banking strategy at all. 
 
Speaking on the current status on this, all the land parcels, all the major 
investments are already selling apart from the ones which would have got 
acquired in the last few months because they are under approval 
processes, and approval processes, it takes 6 odd months. In certain 
cases, 8 odd months. But beyond that, we do not have any land, which is 
not getting approved, or which is not under the effort of hitting the 
market in general sense. 
Faisal Hawa: 
What actually arouses my curiosity is what is the kind of USP, or what is 
the kind of differentiating factor that we will have in MMR and Pune and 
Bangalore, where the Arvind brand name may not be so well known? So, 
what is the kind of USP that we will get there to really make our sales 
faster? 
Kamal Singal: 
We can take an example of Bangalore. One is that, generally speaking, 
organized players after the GST came into play, demonetization 
happened, RERA came in, I think there is a general tailwind for the 
organized players, which have access to structured capital. That is what 
we have. There is a great space for players who have a very strong 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 26 
balance sheet and who are not overleveraged. That is something which 
we have. There is a very high degree of appreciation and preference in the 
consumer’s mind for a player which is branded, which has a legacy, which 
has a trust factor attached to it and which also has a track record. I think 
we check all these boxes on that front as well. Arvind as a brand is close to 
so many people in their daily life through the brands we do. I mean, 
Tommy is a household name. CK is a household name. Arrow is a 
household name, and we have got a very large presence out there. 
 
I will disagree a little bit on the brand recall in markets like Bangalore. In 
fact, it is the other way around. We knew that we would find resonance. 
We knew that we would find echo there. But when we really entered, we 
found that the echo and the resonance was much higher than what we 
would have anticipated. People knew us, people appreciated it and 
people jumped on to that brands they are going to buy from a player like 
us, and we were very quickly able to get into that league of top 5 or 6 in 
Bangalore. 
 
By the way, Bangalore is one of the most organized and a market 
dominated by very organized, disciplined and better of the lot developers 
across the country, so to compare, and we were very quickly able to get 
into that kind of a league. So, we see a very similar potential in Pune, very 
similar market, and we are going to be hitting with very similar product 
mix there, and Mumbai is a market where the brand recall is one of the 
highest for Arvind. Of course, there is a Gujarati element to it. But more 
than that, our brand side, our other business side, they are very, very 
strong in Mumbai, as well as we had this place in Bangalore and hence, 
this should be the case. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And sir, what is the kind of sales velocity we will see, actual sales where 
we take the delivery? Is it fair to assume that by FY financial 2026 or 
something, the sales velocity actually comes to something like Rs.2000 
Crore? I am not asking for a future guidance. But are we planning for that 
kind of a business plan? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, one way to look at it is the organic growth that we are delivering. So, 
that is anywhere in the range of 30%, 35%, 40% on top line and fresh 
sales, etc. Of course, the idea is to continue doing it and rather 
consolidate further. One major ingredient or the resource required is 
capital, that always we have been selling healthy. We have been seeing 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 26 
the traction. We have delivered a lot of stuff in the market already and 
hence, the presence is all there, we are going deeper and deeper. But of 
course, you need more money to invest if the whole deal was to be bigger 
or the whole cycle was to be made bigger. That is one big where we 
worked hard in the last few quarters. HDFC platform is one of such 
examples where capital side constraints have been removed. Once that 
piece is in place, we think that the growth trajectory should be achievable, 
and if we continue to grow in terms of percentages, the way we have 
been growing and even better that to a large extent or to at least some 
extent, we should be able to hit the 1000 and 2000 trajectory very soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Congratulations for good numbers. I am sorry, I joined a bit late, if my 
question is repeated. But just I am bifurcating my question into 2 parts. 
One is the growth that you are building on, let us say, the Rs.600 Crore 
number that we did last time without any platform sale of HDFC, and the 
second is that the HDFC platform that we have embarked upon, and I 
think we have guided almost Rs.4500 Crore to Rs.5000 Crore kind of 
revenue potential from this Rs.900 Crore investment that we are doing. 
So, what that Rs.600 Crore number that probably we can think of growing 
over the next 3, 4, 5 years? That is one that you are doing without any 
capital inclusion from HDFC, and the second is the HDFC platform by what 
timeframe we expect that this entire Rs.4500 Crore to Rs.5000 Crore kind 
of number can be launched and ultimately be delivered? So if you could 
guide on that, will be really helpful for us. 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I mean, as you very rightly said, Rs.900 Crore to be deployed, the first 
milestone to deploy this Rs.900 Crore in the market. That means the 
project is identified. Preliminary diligence is done. Commercial 
negotiations are over and some sort of a binding agreement is already 
signed, with some money a token or a little more than a tokening stake. 
That means both the parties are committed, and now it is just a question 
of completing the diligence in more detail. Once that happens, which 
should not be more than a couple of months after the first stage is clear, 
that the project is actually acquired and announced. 
 
Now we are very hopeful, and the team is working around our objective 
where before the end of this financial year, we would have committed 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 26 
this entire Rs.900 Crore, and as we stand today, the progress is pretty 
healthy and decent, and this gives us confidence that this will be done 
before the end of this financial. Assuming that this will be done before 
March of 2023, in next 1 or 2 months, all these deals, value Rs.900 odd 
Crore should be signed, acquired and the land should be in our name, and 
from there onwards, of course, in a sequence of when this project is 
acquired and what is the nature of the project, approval cycles vary from 
3 months to 9 months. 
 
So the real impact of HDFC investments in terms of fresh sales will start 
coming from the second half of next financial, that is for the ones which 
are getting close now and between now and March. But having said that, 
couple of projects are already acquired like the Fruits of Life. It has been 
acquired. It has already been sold. The cycle became too small. But 
possibly, this is an exception. We cannot do it over and over again, but a 
couple of those can happen in this trajectory and as they can be coming 
into the books of account. Not books of account, in fact, sales sooner than 
the timeline we just discussed. But on an average basis, I think towards 
the end of first half, early second half of next financial year is when the 
real impact of a lot of what we are doing until this new platform will start 
reflecting in the fresh sales, so to say. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
And this Rs.900 Crore number is without any leverage, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
With leverage, we can go up to maybe Rs.4000 Crore to Rs.5000 Crore, 
right, by leveraging this Rs.900 Crore. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. This is without leverage, for sure. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Yes. Because your equity contribution may not be 20%, 25% in each and 
every project and rest could come through other sources also. So, this 
Rs.4000 Crore or Rs.5000 Crore kind of ultimate sales value that we will 
build up by investing Rs.900 Crore. So, I am just asking what timeframe 
that you are keeping in your mind that I have to adjust that entire kitty of 
Rs.900 Crore, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years? What is something that is back in 
your mind that, that is the compulsion and which I have to deliver that 
entire investment of Rs.900 Crore? So, I am just trying to understand that 
part from a longer-term growth perspective. 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 26 
Kamal Singal: 
So, our horizontal project, which is essentially a plotting project should be 
rotated 100% within a time span of maybe 24 months to 30 months. That 
is one, and a build-up project should take anything like, more like 45 
months to 48 months. That is what we have been doing in the past and 
plus/minus 20%, 10% here and there in terms of number of months, it 
should happen. If you are asking me the question of reinvestment, of 
course, it will be faster in case of plotting. It will be even longer for build-
up, but within a range of 30 months to 48 months, everything we rotate 
depending on which project we are talking about and how many we take 
of which kind. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Yes, Kamal sir, because what I am just trying to sense, once you adjust the 
Rs.900 Crore, you will definitely get a lot of pressure from again, HDFC, to 
go for the next platform. So that is what the broader thought process that 
I am going to sense from your compulsion that I have to adjust this 
platform money at to what timeframes. So that is the understanding that I 
wanted to have. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. So the idea will always be to quickly get the money back from the 
investments, redeploy them, and of course, the relationship with HDFC 
has been very, very deep and great and widespread. We started with a 
normal transactional relationship of they providing us credit, and then it 
became entity level or the parent company level investment that they did. 
They became 8% owner of the equity into the parent company itself and 
then we signed the second platform Rs.900 Crore. But the idea is, of 
course, to invest, earn, reinvest, etc., etc., and that is what both the 
partners hope to continue doing. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Got it sir and all the very best for your future growth. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question, which is 
from the line of Faisal Hawa from H G Hawa & Co. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, how are we really leveraging technology to seal the deals faster or to 
meet the construction faster, and are we deploying some kind of 
prospects for faster deployment of home loans to people? Is HDFC 
helping us with that, too? 
Kamal Singal: 
Your question was not fully audible, but I broadly got the gist of the 
question. It is essentially a question around how well or to what extent 
technology is being used or can be used to open various kind of aspects of 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 26 
business, which includes BD or construction or getting funding, etc., 
faster. But I think we are one of those players, and I am very proud to say 
that we are early adapters of technology in this business space. We had 
the portals, customer portals up and running almost a decade back even 
before the biggies had done it. So customers could have a look at project 
sitting at their home, they could print their own receipts, they could get 
their statement of account without talking to anybody at all in the 
company. To that extent, we did a long, long time back. 
 
Today, we have evolved significantly, and one proof of the pudding is that 
we sell in excess of 25% and sometimes hitting 35% and 40% of our sales 
coming through digital platforms, where there is no broker, there is no 
middleman. That is not even reference sale, etc. This high proportion of 
sales coming from the digital mode basically tells us about a lot of hard 
work and initiative, which has been taken at the back end. Arvind is a 
retail group per se. We sell a lot of chairs, lot of shoes, lot of other things 
through various retail businesses we have, and we have learned our 
lessons there. 
 
We know that space and we know how to put the entire structure, the 
back office, the IT backbone, which monitors your demand funnel, your 
supply funnel, which optimizes your working ratios, conversion ratios, 
where the ops could be going off the track, where your convergence could 
be going off the track, where your recruitment that is getting, the working 
into the project must be going wrong or right. So, all those retail specific 
tools are in place and working very, very efficiently in our sales engine, for 
example, and that is one of those examples. 
 
Coming to construction, for example. Now when we say deliver fast, it 
involves a lot of technology. It involves a lot of assets which are directly or 
indirectly linked to technology. For example, are your designs, right? Are 
they modeled right? Have you used enough and more models to make 
sure that what we are planning is efficient from not only cost point of 
view, but also from a durability point of view, from the speed point of 
view. So, all those things, we are very, very active on. 
 
Our ERPs are fully stabilized. We are on salesforce, which is one of the 
finest. Today, I can tell you out of 50 hoardings, which are there in the city 
of Ahmedabad for the project X, which hoarding is doing better because 
on that hoarding, if one phone number is given and when the customer 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 26 
dials that number, my ERP knows that this hoarding is working to this 
extent and the other hoarding is not working to that extent. If there is a 
creative appearing in your mobile for a project, which belongs to Arvind 
and if you call back or if register your interest through that creative, I will 
even know that for project X, the creative, which has villa printed is 
working better than for the same project a creative where you see 
clubhouse image. 
 
So, what I will do is that in the real time, on a weekly basis, I will say, okay, 
why do not use more villa images and less of clubhouse images, for 
example. So, there are so many ways and means and areas that it is 
almost it is exhilarating. It is exciting for us to do all this. We just talked 
about the sales engine where you could just climb up virtually on the floor 
you are looking at, in the apartment that you are looking at, come out in 
the balcony of apartment you are seeing, you see the real-time images 
shot through drones, etc. You then say, okay, I like it, Vastu is this, sizing is 
this, location is this, directions are these, and then you say, okay, block 
this, pay some Rs.21000 or Rs.50000 on the spot and block it for 3 days 
and then be offline to get more detail if you want it, or go ahead and see, I 
want to make the booking payment, having blocked the unit for 3 days 
there. 
 
So, this entire backbone of technology which involves drones, which 
involves 3D mapping, which involves modeling, which involves banking, 
which involve payment gateway, which involves inventory to be linked, 
which involves your ERP systems, so everybody knows that this is locked 
through that online portal and hence, it cannot be sold to the other party, 
and once this is unlocked, it is made available online once again in the real 
time. That is another aspect of doing things, using technology as a piece. 
So, we are very happy where we are, but there is no time to sit back. It 
will only improve and it has to continue to improve and we will definitely 
be setting benchmarks in the industry on technology usage in various 
ways that we conduct our business. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Thank you so much for answering my question so well, I really appreciate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kamal Singal for 
closing comments. 

 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 26 of 26 
Kamal Singal: 
Great. On behalf of all of us, thank you, everybody, for participating in this 
earnings call of Arvind SmartSpaces and for your continued support. I 
hope we have been able to address most of your queries. However, if 
there is anything missed out or if you need any further details and 
questions you have, kindly reach out to Vikram, who is here in this call 
with all of us and you can connect with him offline. Look forward to 
interacting with everyone in the next quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. Since it 
is a transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
