 
 
 
 
RL/SE/ 22-23/138 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor Conference Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the investor conference held on November 4, 2022, with regards 
to the financial results of Raymond Limited for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2022. The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit Agarwal 
Group - CFO 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
AMIT 
AGARWA
L
Digitally signed 
by AMIT 
AGARWAL 
Date: 2022.11.11 
23:28:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 ANALYST:         MR. ABHIJEET KUNDU- ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING LIMITED  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. L. POKHARNA – DIRECTOR, RAYMOND LIMITED  
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CFO  
MR. SUNIL KATARIA – CEO, LIFESTYLE BUSINESS  
MR. HARMOHAN SAHNI – CEO, REALTY BUSINESS  
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD, CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT  
                             MR. J MUKUND – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Raymond Limited Q2 FY '23 Conference 
Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you ask question after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijeet Kundu. Thank you and over to you. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Thanks on behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants in the 
Q2 FY '23 conference call of Raymond Limited. I have with you Mr. J. Mukund, who is the 
Head of Investor Relations of Raymond Limited. Without taking further time, I would like to 
hand over the call to Mr. Mukund. Over to you, Mukund. 
J. Mukund: 
Thank you, Abhijeet. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us for our Q2 FY '23 
earnings call of Raymond. I hope you would have received a copy of our results presentation. I 
would like to urge you to go through this along with the disclaimer slides. Today, we have with 
us from the senior management of Raymond, Mr. S. L. Pokharna, who is Director of Raymond 
Limited; Mr. Amit Agarwal, Group CFO; Mr. Sunil Kataria, CEO of Lifestyle Business; Mr. 
Harmohan Sahni, CEO of Realty Business; and Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head of Corporate 
Development. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to our Group CFO, Amit, who will give you the summary 
of the company's quarterly performance before we open up for Q&A. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mukund. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for 
the earnings call to discuss our results of second quarter for the fiscal 2023.  
First of all, I would like to wish you all a very happy Diwali and a new year. I hope that all of 
you had a wonderful festive season with your near and dear ones. It has been a much-awaited 
occasion for all of us in India and the festivities have ushered in a spirit of optimism and hope. 
Let me now start with giving you a brief overview of the second quarter of the current fiscal.  It 
has been a strong quarter that has seen encouraging demand with life returning to normalcy. 
Majority of physical offices have resumed, and Work from Home has now more or less taken a 
back seat. We have also seen an increasing number of social gatherings owing to festivals and 
travel and tourism bouncing back with vigor. All these factors have been good contributors in 
maintaining healthy momentum in consumer sentiments that witnessed consumers being on a 
spending spree. 
As far as Apparel segment is concerned, the End of Season Sale (EOSS) extended till mid of 
August and we witnessed lower discounting by brands in the market. In addition to the surge in 
shopping for festivals, we also saw an uptake in our new product offerings in terms of design 
and functionality. We have been consistent about delighting our consumers with freshness in 
collection across our store network. 
 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Now let’s delve into Q2FY23 performance: 
Raymond group has embarked on a journey of enhancing profitable growth and has maintained 
the momentum quarter on quarter basis across businesses by capitalizing on existing offerings 
along with a new range of products & services. Our sustained focus on cost and working capital 
optimization has reaped results in improving our performance across business.  
We are happy to share Q2FY23 has recorded the highest ever quarterly revenue and EBITDA. 
This quarter performance is 4th consecutive quarter of record performance. 
Our consolidated revenues have grown by 38% to ₹ 2,191 Crores from ₹1,583 Crores in the 
second quarter of fiscal 2022, driven by strong demand across all businesses in both domestic 
and exports markets. I am delighted to share that we have clocked highest ever revenue and have 
achieved highest quarter two EBITDA of ₹358 Crores with EBITDA margin of 16.3% in last 10 
years. It’s heartening to share that we have a PAT of ₹159 Crores which is a growth of 198% as 
compared to ₹53 Crores in Q2 of last year. 
Also, as compared to pre-pandemic levels of same quarter, we have delivered profitable growth 
across segments with the revenues in Q2FY23 higher by 15% vs ₹1,913 Cr in Q2FY20 and 
EBITDA margin at 16.3% in Q2FY23 was higher by about 390 basis points vs. 12.4% in 
Q2FY20. Our Q2 reported PAT of ₹159 Crores is 89% higher as compared to ₹84 Crores in 
Q2FY20. 
Now let’s go through our segment-wise performance for the quarter: 
Branded Textile segment maintained quarter on quarter strong performance with topline of 
₹912 Cr and robust EBITDA margins of 22.3%. The topline grew by 26% as compared to 
previous year same quarter sales of ₹ 722 Cr 
The revenue performance was driven by a strong demand for premium product categories across 
suiting and shirting fabrics. The trade channel sales grew at the backdrop of strong bookings 
driven by product innovations that were well received by our trade partners. In addition to strong 
festive demand, there was sustained demand for the office wear and encouraging response to our 
casual wear categories by the customers. 
In the Suiting business, reopening of offices led to a resurgence in demand for wool rich blends 
and premium poly viscose categories that is an apt choice for suits and trousers. In addition to 
the exotic and exclusive collections, the newly launched stretchable and sustainable collections 
including Spanax, Supernova  and Technoseries, Techno Stretch received a promising response 
from our customers. Our social initiative, Garment Exchange program in association with Goonj 
which was executed across our 1,000 plus strong The Raymond Shop (TRS) network has 
received great response as about 3 lakhs pre-owned garments were  given to the lesser privileged 
sections of society under the Clothes for Work Program.     
In B2C Shirting business, new seasonal collections imbibing latest designs and comfort which 
is offered by premium quality cotton and linen drove higher realizations and better product mix.  
As India went on a shopping spree, our 1,000+The Raymond Shop (TRS) network spread across 
600 towns and cities reported 26% growth in average transaction value (ATV) as compared to 
pre-pandemic Q2FY20 levels. The increasing disposable incomes and the exposure to newer 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
fashion trends have resulted in consumers widening their wardrobe choices that are suited for 
different occasions beyond work.  
The segment reported robust EBITDA margin of 22.3% driven by diversified product mix in 
suiting as well as shirting fabrics, and enhanced operational efficiencies. 
 
Branded Apparel segment showed a strong sales growth of 67% to ₹370 Crores as compared 
to ₹221 Crores during second quarter of previous year 
As mentioned earlier, the resumption of normalcy along with the launch of our products 
imbibing new design aesthetics in line with global fashion trends are resonating well with 
consumers as they are seeking freshness in their wardrobes. Our performance was driven across 
all brands of Park Avenue, Color Plus and Raymond Ready To Wear and Parx which offer a 
plethora of options for consumers to dress-up across occasions. We have been optimistic about 
ethnic wear as a segment given the increasing demand for the category as an occasion wear and 
we have launched collections wide ranging from smart ethnics to wedding wear and expanding 
our presence in the segment through ‘Ethinx By Raymond’. The performance was driven across 
our retail network of Exclusive Brand Outlets (EBOs) and The Raymond Shop (TRS) 
During the first half of the year we have opened 21 EBOs on net basis. Currently our EBO 
network is performing well as we have received overwhelming response from our customers for 
our new collection in core product portfolio and casual category. There are plans underway to 
make a strong foray into the ethnic wear segment through our brand Ethnix by Raymond and till 
date, we have overall 35 stores.   
The segment reported an EBITDA margin of 9.7% as compared to 3.4% in the same quarter 
previous year driven by continued operational efficiencies. 
Retail network: During the first half of the year, we have further strengthened our retail 
footprint with net addition of 25 stores across metros, tier I to IV towns taking the total count to 
1,376 stores spread across 600 towns as on 30th September, 2022 from 1,351 stores as on 31st 
March, 2022. Amidst the backdrop of strong consumer sentiments, we witnessed strong traction 
in secondary sales with significant improvement in average transaction value. As mentioned 
earlier, the TRS network reported 26% growth in average transaction value as compared to pre 
pandemic levels respectively.  
Now let’s move to the Garmenting Segment, we reported a strong growth of 25% to ₹266 Crores 
compared to ₹212 Crores in previous year, due to higher demand from our existing and newly 
acquired global customers. While the key export markets of US, Europe and Japan continued to 
grapple with the inflation and supply chain issues, however, with continued adoption of hybrid 
work culture, there has been a growing consumer demand for office wear and we have been 
fulfilling increasing bulk business and tailored clothing from customers. Given our strong 
capability in manufacturing fabric as well as garments, increasingly we have acquired new 
customers on account of vendor consolidation along with China+1 strategy adopted by leading 
global brands who prefer integrated suppliers to be their core partners.  
The EBITDA for the quarter in the garmenting segment was ₹23 Crores with an EBITDA margin 
at 8.7% while it was ₹22 Crores of EBITDA in the previous year with EBITDA margins of 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
10.3%. The EBITDA was impacted as due to the increase in the order intake, we are adding 
workforce to cater to the increased demand and as we are supplying to high end global retailers, 
adequate training is to be imparted to the employees to ensure high quality product delivery 
which resulted in increase in employee cost. 
 
High Value Cotton Shirting segment sales grew by 42% to ₹211 Crores compared to ₹148 
Crores in the previous year due to higher cotton fabric sales in the domestic markets along with 
a demand tailwind from B2B customers. The segment reported EBITDA margin of 13.2% for 
the quarter as compared to 17.4% in previous year, lower mainly as the inventory consumed for 
production was at higher cotton prices. However, we have the ability to largely pass on the 
increase in cotton prices to our customers with a time lag. 
 
Now let’s have a look at the performance of the engineering business which was consolidated 
under JK Files & Engineering Limited in quarter 3 last year on an aggregate basis. Sales grew 
by 4% to ₹228 Crores as compared to ₹219 Crores in the previous year.  
In the domestic markets, the demand momentum across sectors was maintained for most of our 
product categories - Ring gears, drills, hand tools and power tolls continued to perform well. 
In the exports markets, with inflationary environment and Euro currency depreciation, our B2B 
customers have deferred certain orders as they are witnessing a slowdown in secondary demand 
On an aggregate basis the business reported lower EBITDA margin of 12.8% as compared to 
15.5% in previous year. The margin was lower mainly due to higher steel prices, continued 
higher freight costs and Euro depreciation which were partly offset by higher productivity and 
efficiency.  
Coming to our newest business which is the Real estate segment has been scaling greater 
heights of success. I am delighted to share for the second consecutive quarter, we have been 
rated Number 1 in Thane Market with our projects being number 1 and number 2 in terms of 
value of units sold in the region. This rating has been done by CRE Matrix, a leading real estate 
research platform. Our premium quality offering in 1 & 2 BHK project of Ten X and premium 
3 & 4 BHK project of Address by GS which is backed by fast paced construction activity has 
been well appreciated by the customers. We are on time to deliver homes in the first three towers 
two years ahead of RERA timelines and numerous first time home owners will get the keys to 
their dream homes in December 
The sales grew 3 times to ₹247 Crores from ₹81 Crores in the previous year. The EBITDA 
margin stood at 25.6% as compared to 20.6% in previous year.  
The topline growth was mainly due to higher number of bookings in both the projects with 
construction momentum being maintained. Our first project Ten X Habitat received 120 booking 
in the current quarter higher than 107 bookings received in the same quarter of previous year. In 
total of 2,186 units booked as on September 30th, 2022 which accounts for about 85% of the 
total inventory launched with a booking value of ₹2,210 Crores.  

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Our new premium residential project ‘The Address by GS ’which was launched in third quarter 
of fiscal 2022 continued to receive great response from customers with 68 bookings in this 
quarter. The total bookings made for this project accounts for 349 units which is ~85% of the 
total inventory launched with a booking value of ₹834 Crores. It gives us immense pleasure to 
state that within 11 months of the project launch, about 64% of the total inventory has been sold. 
On the construction front, fast-paced construction activity continued in all 10 towers of the 10X 
Habitat project and the 2 towers of ‘The Address by GS ’project. 
Let me give details about the construction - In the 10 X Habitat project the tower wise 
construction status is as follows: The Lift installation, electrical fittings & entrance lobby works 
in progress for the tower 1, 2 and 3. In tower 4, Internal finishing works are in progress,  Terrace 
slab completed, above terrace works are in progress for tower 5, 6 and 7,  41st slab work in 
progress for tower 8; 11th slab work in progress for tower 9 and 9th slab work in progress for 
tower 10.  
As far as our second project the Address by GS is concerned, Columns above Podium - 3 slab 
R/F & concreting work in progress for Tower A and Columns above Podium - 1 slab R/F & 
concreting work in progress for Tower B.  
 
Now let me discuss on the operating cost, working capital and cashflows: 
Our operating cost  
This quarter as well, our opex to sales ratio is lower at 24.6% as compared to 26.8% in same 
quarter last year and 30.4% of pre-Covid levels of Q2FY20. On absolute value basis, while our 
revenues have increased by 38% to ₹2,191 Cr, our opex cost has increased by only 27% to ₹540 
Cr as compared to previous year same quarter.  
Also, as compared with pre-Covid levels, while revenues have increased by 15%, on absolute 
basis, however, our opex cost has decreased by 7.2% to ₹540 Cr in Q2FY23 as compared to 
₹582 Cr in Q2FY20. 
At Raymond, we continue to stay focused on costs and the numerous initiatives undertaken have 
been instrumental in achieving desired cost efficiencies which we have regularly highlighted 
over last 2 years. However, with a sustained focus to drive growth and building a strong brand 
equity for the future, we are investing in Advertising and Sales Promotion 
On the working capital front, with continued our focus on efficient working capital 
management, during this quarter, we have been able to reduce the net working capital (NWC) 
days to 62 days which is lower by 7 days on quarter on quarter basis from 69 days in June-22 
and by 11 days on a year on year basis from 73 days in September, 2021  
To cater to the strong festive and winter wedding season in H2, we deployed working capital 
primarily in production and sales which resulted in increase in inventory and receivables. Hence 
on absolute terms, as compared to June-22, the net working capital is higher by ₹169 cr to ₹1,492 
cr in September-22 vs ₹1,323 cr in June-22  
 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
From a cash flow perspective – At the backdrop of strong profitability, we generated operating 
cashflows of ₹119 cr and free cashflows for the quarter is ₹35 Cr  
The cashflows generated from the operating businesses was partly utilized for funding the 
working capital requirement and the free cashflows was primarily utilized for net debt reduction 
As far as debt is concerned, the gross debt stood marginally higher at ₹2,096 Crores as on 
September 30, 2022; as compared to ₹2,049 Cr as on June 30, 2022. 
We continue to maintain strong liquidity levels, with cash and cash equivalent at ₹810 Crores as 
compared to ₹739 Crores as on June 30, 2022. The cash & cash equivalents is a combination of 
cash and bank balances, short term investments and certain long term investments whose 
maturity is long term however which can be liquidated on a short notice  
Overall, our net debt reduced by ₹24 Crores and our net debt stood at ₹1,286 Crores as on 
September 30, 2022 as compared to ₹1,310 Crores as on June 30, 2022.  
In an increasing interest rate scenario, we have been able to reduce the average interest cost to 
7.65% in Q2FY23 as compared to 7.79% in Q1FY23 led by change in borrowing mix. 
There is a marginal increase in the interest cost in Q2FY23 at ₹63 cr which is higher by ₹4 cr 
on a y-o-y basis as compared to ₹58 cr in Q2FY22 which is mainly due to higher utilization of 
working capital facilities during the quarter.  
 
Overall, our net debt to equity ratio has marginally increased from 0.45x in March, 2022 to 0.48x 
in September, 2022 which is also at a comfortable level. 
 
Now let me talk about the current status of operations and the near-term outlook:  
The October month was full of festivities and we have witnessed greater demand for our products 
and services in this period. Also, we have witnessed, improvement in average transaction values 
in our retail stores. Also, we received good bookings by the trade partners for the winter wedding 
season. With the upcoming winter wedding season, starting from mid of November, we expect 
the momentum to continue in both Branded Textile and Branded Apparel segments while at the 
same time we are closely monitoring the impact on demand in the current inflationary 
environment. 
With regard to store expansion, we are in-line to have 70 stores in the current year across India 
driven by ‘Ethnix By Raymond’ store expansion to cater to the fast growing ethnic wear market 
In the garmenting segment, export levers continue to be China plus one strategy and the global 
retail industry undergoing consolidation. We have order book in place for the next two quarters.  
From a raw material perspective, the wool and poly viscose prices have remained stable. Over 
the last couple of years, the cotton prices have increased significantly however recently, the 
prices have stabilized but remains at a higher levels as compared to pre-pandemic levels 
However, we have been able to largely pass it on to our customers with a time lag. 
In the engineering business, we are witnessing the domestic retail demand in consuming sector 
remain healthy and we expect the same to continue. In the exports markets, where we cater to 
multiple sectors across geographies with inflationary trends in economies of European countries 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
and US, we are working closely with our customers in assessing the demand and catering the 
requirement. From raw material cost perspective, the steel prices have been in an inflationary 
trend for the last 1.5 years have recently softened. Also, we have the ability to pass on the same 
even though with a small-time lag. However, the freight cost continues to remain the core area 
of monitoring as there is shortage of containers which is resulting in delay in shipments as well 
as higher freight cost.  
In the real estate market, we expect the growth momentum in residential market to continue. The 
construction activities are in full swing in both of our projects and we stay on course to start 
delivering some flats from 10x Habitat ahead of  RERA timeline by nearly 24 months. The recent 
rate hikes by RBI, 1% metro cess imposed by central government, increase in GST rates on 
works contracts from 12% to 18% and increase in input prices are being closely monitored.  
From net working capital perspective, over last 2 years, we have optimized the net working 
capital in terms of number of days and we would aspire to maintain those levels on annual basis.  
Overall, we would like to state that our debt guidance of being net debt free within 3 years stays 
on course. The net debt is expected to be substantially reduced through a combination of free 
cash flows generated from our businesses and proceeds from corporate actions such as our 
Engineering IPO.  
At Raymond we are committed to create an organization that upholds our values of Trust, 
Excellence and Quality in all we do. We value your support and look forward to being together 
with each one of you in this journey. Thank you very much. We are now open for questions. 
                                                  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Participants who wish to ask a 
question may press star and one on your touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. We have the first question on the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Thank you, once again congratulations for amazing kind of numbers. So I just wanted to 
understand that since that now we've been growing quarter-on-quarter have been growing so 
well. So and we're doing better than pre-COVID. So what kind of base do we assume right now, 
that will it be sustainable in terms of revenue and margins? Should quarter 2 be taken as the base 
for our future growth, or due to some seasonality quarter 2 or quarter 3 would be better? So give 
us some explanation regarding that? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. Actually, thank you. The business has a seasonality. There's no doubt about it. We will 
have the wedding season, festive season, which would be at a peak, so to speak. And we all since 
we sell primary to our dealer network & franchisee network, Q2 seems to have a very big push. 
But also, we know, as I talked to you, that in the Q4, we have a large number of marriage date, 
almost 48 marriages are there in  Q4. So we see a good momentum for our business. And I think 
our focus is clearly, we have built a strong base and grow the base from here. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So if I could summarize, we feel that quarter 3 and quarter 4 could be better than quarter 2. And 
quarter 2 could be a decent base for us in terms of our margins as well as revenue, right? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Actually, as I said, in quarter 2, we have shipped out. So we have invoiced for meeting the 
demand for the customers to our dealer network in the quarter 3. So quarter 2 is already at a 
higher level because that has picked up all the benefits of the festive season. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So could you just help out and maybe what are our plans for next year or maybe some kind of 
guidance for FY '25 or what is some short-term kind of growth in terms of revenue and margins? 
That would be very helpful. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. At this juncture, we are not giving really a guidance in terms of the revenue and 
profitability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, who wish to ask a question may press star and one on your touchtone 
telephone. We have the next question from the line of Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
My first question is on the Branded Apparel business. Could you give us a sense on what would 
be for the existing stores like-to-like growth over Q2 FY '20 levels? 
Amit Agarwal: 
 
Yes. I'll ask Sunil to respond to you. 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. This is Sunil here. So I'll give you broad estimates. So I think a like-to-like growth store 
because we had also done a reduction in number of stores during COVID rationalization. So our 
like-to-like store growth right now pre-COVID is decent healthy double-digit growth right now 
as I see. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
And in terms of the margin, the margin that we've delivered this quarter of almost 9%, do you 
think that could continue in the coming quarters? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. I think the focus on delivering margin is very clear. We have done a very strong cost 
rationalization exercise over the last year itself. I think the clear two areas of focus in the branded 
apparel business for us will be. That now, we are ramping up our product portfolio. So I think 
that will be one very big area that you'll see us doing. In fact, one theme, which I want to put 
further forward would be that we will see going forward from next quarter onwards to the next 
year is the casualization theme, but that's a very big opportunity. So product portfolio rational 
expansion is happening. 
Secondly, you may have already seen right now a lot of brand investments have started 
happening after a gap now. So that's the second area which we're doing. And third, as Amit also 
mentioned, we are looking at store expansion. But while doing all this, we expect to make sure 
that we have healthy EBITDA margins here. We want to hold that. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. And just to add, the best part is the operating leverage. And if you see across our businesses 
that the operating leverage has improved our margins. As we talked about pre-COVID, our opex 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
cost used to be at 30%, and now we have been able to bring it down to 24.6%. So to that extent, 
that is truly the benefit which we are going to see in improving the margin. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
And just on the casualization theme that you mentioned, what would be the share of casuals right 
now? And what are you targeting it towards? 
Sunil Kataria: 
I would not able to give you an exact number because if you see two of our brands itself are 
currently casual. The way I look at we have four portfolio of brands between Raymond, Park 
Avenue, ColorPlus and Parx, out of which Parx and ColorPlus are 100% casual bet. And the two 
brands which are Raymond and Park Avenue are more skewed towards formals. So the theme 
which I see is what I'm saying is that even within the brands like Raymond and Park Avenue, 
we see a foray into casualization should start happening. While two of our brands in many cases 
are our casual brands. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
And last question is on the real estate business. So just wanted to understand the project revenue 
and the cash flows that we are targeting from the Address by GS project over this time of next 
three to four years? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So look, between these two projects, we are targeting very clearly revenue to the tune of INR 
4,200 crores to INR 4,300 crores, and we expect free cash flow generation to the tune of INR 
1,200 crores between these two projects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ritesh Badjatya from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Badjatya: 
Firstly, congratulations on the good set of the numbers. So I have a couple of questions. First 
one is on the garmenting margins. This quarter, we have reported about 7.5%, 7.3% kind of the 
margin. So just wanted to understand, it is just one quarter phenomenon? Or is it a normalized 
margin also going ahead? 
Amit Agarwal: 
 
Maybe I think you've tell all your questions, and then we can respond to the question. 
Ritesh Badjatya: 
So one is this on garmenting margins. Another one is on the real estate side. So in the Address 
by GS, we have seen the collections of INR 204 crores, against the total booking of INR 834 
crores. So it is still just 25% on the collections. So how do we see the collection in the coming 
period? 
Thirdly, in the real estate side on the Q-on-Q, if we look at the numbers, there is a drop in the 
saleable area as well as number of units also. So is it because of the higher interest rate actually 
impacting the demand? Or how do we look at going ahead in this particular aspect? And lastly, 
we have seen some news regarding ban on the new construction near Sanjay Gandhi National 
work within the vicinity of one kilometer. So is it impacting us by any chance? And what is the 
status there? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, first question regarding garmenting, I will ask Sunil to respond. And the real estate 
Harmohan will respond. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Sunil Kataria: 
On the garmenting business, if you see that what a biggest features which are working in our 
favor, and due to context the margin there. As Amit mentioned, the China on-Plus strategy is 
leading to a lot of global top players working with us, coming out towards and working with us 
in future on the strategic basis. So we have been able in the last one, get in to very strong 
alignment system of the top global brand. Now as a result what happen it is the business which 
have got a highly skilled labour pool and to meet the global quality standards, you have to make 
sure that you have great capacity expansion in terms of man power and we have to train them 
well. So what you end up doing is end up recruiting manpower cycle around six months in 
advance of the lines that have been put. 
So in the light of the strong demand that we are seeing with strategic tie-ups happening with 
global brands, we are ramping up man power, so that we can get them paid and make them fully 
skilled before they really start working on these high-quality lines. And that is one of the reasons 
why you're seeing a correction on the margin. But actually, this is something which is our 
investment of the future. We are very happy to see this happen because what this does is this 
helps us get into a space where we can go and pitch for even better, stronger alignment. So I 
think that's the only piece, and this actually should be treated as an investment which is 
happening currently in our business. 
Ritesh Badjatya: 
So that present workforce addition as well as our present capacity on the garmenting side, what 
kind of the business growth we can see over the next two years, three years? Or do we need also 
to do some investment. Is there any mindset you have that you have to do some investment on 
the garmenting side in the next one year or two years? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So look, if you can see just the demonstrated performance compared to last year, we have 
demonstrated a 25% growth in the revenue already. And we see a very clear plan to grow this 
business as we get more and more opportunity. India is becoming a large textile export 
destination as people want to move out of China, diversify their supply chain. So we are fully 
there, we are taking the facilities in order to cater to the needs for whatever demand it comes. 
And therefore, we are training our people, we are adding people. We are adding lines and we 
continue to grow this business. We see there is a great opportunity for us in terms of taking it to 
a very different level. And as I mentioned, operating leverage will help us in improving the 
margins as well. 
Ritesh Badjatya:  
So any plans for expansion also in this garmenting side, in the foreseeable future? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes, very clearly. So what is happening is that we have, in fact, one of the biggest successful 
pieces for us in this business has been, A, we have increased orders from an existing customer, 
but we also have a very strong pipeline of new global customers. The way we see it, we are 
evaluating a very strong expansion, which will happen over the coming years in terms of meeting 
this increased tie-up that we're doing strategic customers. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Just to give a perspective, we don't need a significant amount of capex. There's a small capex 
which we do. And depending upon and the time taken to estimate that capex is also not very 
large. So when we get a customer, by the time the order starts to be executed, we will be able to 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
install the line. But clearly, we have a big plan in this to take this business forward. And on the 
real estate, I will ask Harmohan to respond. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. So there are three questions that you asked on real estate. So I will answer the last one first, 
which is the Sanjay Gandhi National Park. There's no impact as far as we are concerned on that. 
And in any case, Supreme Court has already clarified for Bombay that one kilometer distance 
does not exist. So it does not have an impact on anyone as of now. So that has already been 
clarified by the Supreme Court. In any case, we are not in the vicinity of that, so it will not have 
an impact even if it was there. 
Your second question was relating to interest rate impact on the demand. As far as we are 
concerned, we are not seeing any impact on the demand owing to interest rate increase because 
as far as Indian consumer is concerned, anything less than 10% is still considered cheap for 
home loans. So people have seen very high interest rates in the past as far as home loans are 
concerned. And a profile of our multi-projects you see in Ten-X only about 60% people have 
taken home loans, and in addressed by GS, barely 10% to 15% have taken home loans. And rest 
of it is all through equity. So going forward also, we don't see any significant impact on our 
demand as far as interest rates are concerned. 
And your third question, was relating to cash flows of Address by GS impacted only INR 200 
crores against a fair value of approximately INR 850 crores. So all these sales are on 
construction-linked payment plan basis, as you are aware, I mean, that's a normal practice in the 
industry. And as the construction progress goes on, the collection will happen. We barely come 
out of ground as far as addressed by GS is concerned, we are just in the parking levels and just 
the amount of the basement level. So it's a very healthy and strong collection that we've got 
already of INR 200 crores, which is approximately almost 30% of the total sales value we already 
have collected. So as the construction progresses, the balance will be collected over the next two 
years to three years. 
Ritesh Badjatya: 
Just last one on the branded apparel side. Last quarter, there was some write-off of about INR 
98 crores. So for this quarter, this high growth is the reason of this backfilling of this destocking 
or this is a sustainable number going ahead also in that branded apparel side? 
Amit Agarwal: 
There was no write-off of INR 98 crores in the last quarter. And it is the growth in the business. 
And if you see that we have been consistently growing for the last four quarters, building up the 
Apparel business. So there's no write-off or anything of that nature in the last quarter. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Good afternoon. Two questions. One was on the debt. You mentioned that because of the season, 
there's a lot of inventory in the shelf. So can you give us a sense as of the IPO proceeds, what 
type of debt reductions we can see in H2 of FY '23? 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Look, we are not going to give a specific guidance in terms of the number, what it would be. But 
as in nature, and we have the demonstrated performance that first half is the build phase for the 
working capital. And in the second half, people sell our dealer network, franchisee network, sell 
the inventory and pay us the receivables which gets created on the second quarter and the first 
quarter the inventory. So that is what we are going to see. 
As far as the IPO proceeds are concerned, we have clearly outlined that whatever the IPO 
happens proceeds happens, it goes directly for further debt reduction. However, when we talk 
about in the next three years, we will be a net debt-free company. It is based on the strength of 
the significant cash flow being generated by the businesses because we don't have a large capex 
cycle to run. So all the cash flow generation and the working capital management will go towards 
debt reduction, which has been clearly shown if I look at it in the last eight quarters, we have 
reduced the debt by over INR 800 crores on net debt basis. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. But by end of the year, on a full year basis, do you see the working capital for the current 
financial year being lower than last year? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So what happens is it will not be lower than the last year. However, what will happen is that the 
EBITDA generation will support the funding for the working capital and the free cash flow 
generated thereafter would be used towards debt repayment. 
Sachin Kasera: 
 
My question was more in terms of number of days, not the absolute number? 
Amit Agarwal: 
As the number of days. So if you see, we have already reduced from June to September, and we 
see further reduction going to be there in there by March. 
Sachin Kasera: 
My second question was you mentioned that you've got some very good inroads and good order 
booking on the garmenting side. So if you could give us some sense what type of order book 
increase we have seen? And what type of traction that we could see in utilization currently and 
the ramp up we could see going ahead? 
Sunil Kataria: 
I think, yes. I'll take the question. So if you see what is happening for us right now as a result of 
this whole China plus One strategy. I think one context I want to give you is that we are right 
now built a very strong capability as a business unit in the garmenting business. there's a strategic 
realignment, which is happening globally as a result of this, and people are looking for players 
who are vertically integrated and you can deliver very high-quality garments. 
And we are one of the players which has got both these capabilities. So that is one context you 
have to keep in mind. That gives us a huge headroom to go for the vacant space, which is coming 
across as a part of this China plus One strategy. Some of the customers, which I can share in 
terms of a couple of indicative names, which have come to us, and we are in too very strong 
closures with them is, for example, some of the leading global players would be there. So that is 
something which you'll have to keep in mind. Some of those names I may not be able to tell you 
right now. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
But I'm not asking for specific numbers, but can you give us some sort of indication like if your 
order booking, if you could share the number of the order booking or if you could share? 
Sunil Kataria: 
I don't do the order booking, but if you see, we have delivered a 25% growth right now. And I 
think we are very confident of delivering such kind of a strong, healthy double-digit growth 
going forward also. We have pretty strong confidence. And as it was mentioned in the call also, 
we have clear visibility over the next two quarters, but we also believe that we will keep this 
momentum going. 
Sachin Kasera: 
No. I was saying if you could at least share if your order booking was INR 100 in March or last 
year September, what is it today? What is the percentage increase in order booking, if you not a 
specific order booking number per se? 
Amit Agarwal: 
 
Yes, it is in the range of 25%. We have increased the order book compared to the last period. 
Sachin Kasera: 
And what would be the utilization levels currently in the factoring is how much of headroom do 
we have before we may have to do any more capex there? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So this is a constant process that we continue to invest into the line. So we will have, by the time 
we get the order, as I mentioned, it is a question of six to seven months while you start executing 
the order. And it is in this time frame, we are able to install a new line. So therefore, we are not 
going to have a situation that our utilization, our lack of equipment will prevent us to execute an 
order. And between both India and Ethiopia, we are at a utilization level of 80% to 85%. 
Sunil Kataria: 
And also maybe just one more thing to add here is that we have also got a very strong program 
on improving our productivity and efficiencies. And that is also something which is coming in 
handy very much on your current capacity itself. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And my last question was on the real estate segment. The reported margin around 25% 
EBITDA so in this, how is the land cost is at historical value? Which I believe would be very 
low? Or is it the revalued cost of the land? And hence, because if the cost is at historical value, 
then the EBITDA margin should be significantly higher? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. So the land is at historical value. And if you see the secular trend on the margins, it has 
been an upward trend over the last few quarters and it is continuing to rise as compared to last 
year also, we've improved it by 5 percentage points. And before that, I mean over the last 1.5 
years, two years, we have actually doubled the margins from 13% to 25%. And you will see an 
upward trend, albeit it will be a marginal upward trend but that's the kind of margins you will 
see. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And you please understand also this is our first project, which we have started to build. We have 
created a team of 200 people, and we have a large vision for the real estate business. As you 
know, we have signed one JDA project. Now we are not going to buy the land. We will invest 
and build the real estate business through JDA projects beyond Thane. So you need to build that 
infrastructure so that you can efficiently construct it. As you know, for us, the execution is the 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
key and the sales velocity. And that is the reason why we are able to deliver first few towers of 
Ten X two years ahead of RERA time lines. 
Sachin Kasera: 
That's understandable, sir. and commendable, but what I'm saying is that when we look at some 
of the other listed peers also, despite buying land at the current market value, their EBITDA 
margins are similar to what we report. And hence, then we do in Mumbai, the land is the biggest 
cost. And hence this 25% margin looks to be quite low because in our case, the land cost is 
almost very-very negligible. And when could be a little more because we right now are building 
a larger organization. But still optically seeing why a very common sense logic, this 25% market 
looks quite low for this segment? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
See, every player has a different strategy that they are following. Now I mean we have our own 
strategy. We are focusing on growth as far as this business is concerned. And if you see the 
spectrum of margin ranges between 20% and goes all the way up to 45%, 50%, depending on 
the player that you look at. And each one has its own strategy. Some of them are focusing only 
on margins and not a very high growth. Over the last 30 years, 35 years, also, they have not seen 
too much growth. I mean, if you look at our growth numbers, we have hit almost 1/3rd of some 
of the large players who are you are referring to as high margin, but their growth has been pretty 
low. Their return on capital employed has been pretty low. I don't want to dwell too much on 
what competition is doing, but each one strategy is different. If you buy into our strategy, our 
strategy is more predicated on growth and a reasonable margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Surya Narayan from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Surya Narayan: 
Congratulations for a good set of number. Yes, my first question is towards the real estate 
division. So what I understand from the follow-up question from the previous person. Is that my 
understanding is correct, if I say when the Ten-X Habitat is more or less it is completely nearly 
booked and more of revenues to flow from the Address by GS, will the margin be rising from 
here onwards? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So let us first understand, the way the accounting is done is based on percentage of completion 
method. So if you see almost 2/3rd of the project is sold. And in terms of the construction pace, 
also almost, let's say, 50%, 55% has been constructive. So therefore, you're recording the 
revenue based on the completed completion method. So you have still a lot of revenue to be 
booked on the Ten-X project itself. 
Second, on The Address by GS, it has just started. Therefore, the revenue on The Address by 
GS is always going as of now, it is lower. And going forward, as the construction takes place 
you will get more and more recording of revenue. As far as profitability is concerned, obviously, 
in a Ten-X project, which is a 1BHK, 2BHK pricing will be slightly different compared to a 
3BHK and 4BHK project. And it is a premium. And at the end of the day, the construction cost, 
either you construct in Nepean Sea Road or you construct in Thane is broadly the same. It is the 
question is only about the pricing and the benefit and the margin which you get. Therefore, the 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Thane pricing, based on the Thane pricing, the margins are appropriate. We have done a detailed 
work on this basis. 
Surya Narayan: 
So how about the premium margins compare to Ten-X? Can you just contain or any ballpark 
figure realization terms? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So the margin difference between the two projects will be roughly in the range of 250 to 300 
basis points. 
Surya Narayan: 
And the second question is related to the number of square foot that your city is going to launched 
in the second half. What is the plan in both the cases in the Ten-X as GS for this year and for the 
next year? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So in H2, the entire project of Ten-X will be in the market. So whatever is remaining will be 
launched. And as far as address is concerned, that also will be fully launched in H2. 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, look, the fundamental factor of the matter is that almost 2/3rd of the total inventory has 
been sold and the project, each of the project has at least three years to four years to go. So we 
are calibrating our inventory as well as our sales in order to maximize the realization. So 
therefore, we will watch the market very carefully, closely to see at the point of time, we release 
some units, we take a price increase in order to get that. So therefore, we will not be specifically 
giving you the number of units which we are planning to sell in the second half of the year. We 
are calibrating based on the number of units as well as the price increases which we take. 
Jatin Khanna: 
So since your question is more on growth, I think the growth will firstly come from our Bandra 
project. So we have another project coming up in Bandra in quarter in the second half, which 
will help us grow. 
Surya Narayan: 
 
That is in JDA, sir? 
Amit Agarwal: 
 
That is the JDA, yes. 
Surya Narayan: 
 
So what kind of possibilities from there? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No. So as we said, the JDA project, we start once we have a decent amount of approval, then 
only we start the project. Therefore, we are in the process of getting approval. So it is difficult 
for us to say whether we start in one month, two months or five months. So therefore, as and 
when we get the approvals in place, we will announce that when we are starting that project. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
And given the percentage completion method, the benefit of that will accrue only in the 
subsequent year. So you won't see any immediate impact of that in the numbers. 
Surya Narayan: 
 
So what is the current status of the Bandra? 
Management: 
 
So it's currently under planning and approval. 
Surya Narayan: 
 
So when are you expecting it to start? 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Harmohan Sahni:  
Sometime next year. 
Surya Narayan: 
And regarding textile, just I wanted some clarification on elaboration regarding the Ethnix 
business as to what is the total number of stores, EBOs or whatever we have launched so far in 
this year? And what is further to be launched in the subsequent period. And overall, for the next 
year also because this is the first year. So the next year, what is the kind of strategy we are 
having, whether we will be having exclusive outlets. So what is the color of that? 
And secondly, whether we will be manufacturing all those items or we will be outsourcing from 
different artisans across India. So what the competitors are doing. So what is the strategy – 
manufacturing strategy as well as sale strategy with regard to ethnic. 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. Okay. So I'll take this question. So let me answer your second question first in terms of the 
manufacturing to sourcing strategy. So as you know, in the Ethnix business, the product lines 
are very, very unique in terms of craftmanship. You have a different kind of segments like from 
sherwanis to bandgalas kurta, pyjamas and the smart ethnic; so hence, what we try to do is that 
we obviously try to use the best-in-class fabric from Raymond itself as much as possible in terms 
of ceremony India. 
But since it's a very craftsmanship work, the model would be primarily getting it made and 
sourced at different places through artisans, as you say. And we are building right now a very 
strong and very unique vendor base of different segments across the country. So that's our point 
in terms of our sourcing strategy. 
In terms of our expansion plans, we are pretty much on track to right now do a 70 exclusive 
brand outlets this year and that is a number that we are gunning for in Ethnix. We already have 
got reached 50% of that mark. We have 35 already right now. And as I speak right now, we have 
visibility of almost other 10 to 15 stores, which are under various stages of fit-out/ renovation, 
it out right now. 
So I think that market is very much clearly in sight, and that's our goal. We have launched 
recently very, very fresh collections, which are very unique to the brand at entity of Ethnix. We 
are seeing a very strong acceptance of our collections. So this is a business, as we know, is a 
very, very unique business. Raymond is one of the biggest right to win, and we are all on track 
to all ramp up very strongly. 
Surya Narayan: 
And regarding the export inquiries, just wanted to understand which part of the globe, we are 
getting inquiries, whether it is related to US market or Europe market or anything what are the 
traditional we presence improved and whether the new markets 
Sunil Kataria: 
What happened to this business - one is there are obviously new markets opened up in parts like 
Australia, Europe as well. But I think one of the biggest theme, which is paying out for us is the 
strategic alignment, which are happening with the top global players who may be headquartered 
in one country, but the businesses that they are asking us to cater to are PAN-group businesses. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
So in that sense, it is not uniquely placed to one geography because these customers actually 
cover a large part of the world itself. I think that's a theme which is playing out really for us. 
Apart from some of the geographies like Europe also opening up very actively for us. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And truly, the diversification of supplier base, and that's the benefit which we are going to get, 
and we have seen that. Some of the people who have not come to India, they have come to India 
and have started to partner with us for the exclusive sort of supply of garments. 
And let us not forget that we are a uniquely positioned that I start manufacturing right, the fabric, 
the tailoring and the garmenting and shipping it out. So to that extent, we have this unique 
advantage. 
Surya Narayan: 
Okay. And sir, regarding the large fashion wear or Ethnix wear so are we partnering with some 
-- something like a nitrogen platform. So what the industry is aligning to where the significant 
traction elsewhere is being seen. So what is the digital strategy in there because people love to 
see for stocking happening through digital mode. So what is the case in ours? 
Management: 
So I think the question which you're asking is what is our e-commerce digital omnichannel 
strategy? Is that a question, if I get it right? 
Surya Narayan: 
No, not really. It is related to the question between retail there is a strategy with the many 
companies are adopting the hypers and platform, which we were just going to. So whether we 
are inquiring who are going in the direction for the virtualization of the design. I mean before 
somebody can buy a place order, we want to see what in things. 
Sunil Kataria: 
If I get your question right. I think what you're asking for is that there is -- there's obviously a 
bit of the question I was asking is a bit on Metaverse question that there's a lot of augmented 
reality and virtualization of design which is happening. That's question So I think to be very 
honest, I think that Metaverse piece is a little earlier premature piece for us right now because I 
think this as a theme also is very premature piece, and we'll take it as things evolve going 
forward. 
Surya Narayan: 
And lastly, sir, how much is the outsourcing component because if you combine everything, it 
is around 70 plus 72% to be precise, like year-ending it was 75%. So out of that, how much is 
the total outsourcing component in our business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So look, outsourcing, we have the manufacturing facilities right from -- we used to call from the 
sheep’s back to the man’s back. So we have got right the yarn fabric manufacturing, finishing 
facilities for both suiting, shirting, garmenting, we are doing the tailoring and ending it out. It is 
only in the branded apparel segment where we get the shirts or the trousers or the suits stitched 
outside of Raymond. And that's the only place where we get the outsourcing. Rest, the 
uniqueness with us is that we have an integrated facility, everything we do in-house. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one on your touch tone 
telephone. We have the next question from the line of Mehul, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Mehul: 
Congratulation on a good set of numbers. I've got a couple of questions. One is in quarter two, 
there's an exceptional item of INR 10 crores. So if you can explain this amount, that would be 
helpful. So second is regarding the JK File IPO. So we have been seeing since last two quarters 
that we are waiting for favorable market condition and all. Now as far as domestic market is 
concerned, it is almost at all-time high, and the primary market is floating with a lot of IPOs 
these days. So I'm just wondering what are we waiting for? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. Good. So first of all, a simple housekeeping question on the exceptional loss. So three 
things. Basically, we if you look at it, we had a -- in one of the LFS channel customers, there is 
an expected provisioning for a credit loss to the tune of INR 20 crores. At the same time, what 
has happened, there was a glass building at one of our office premises at Thane, which had got 
burned down. And we got a final settlement claim of INR 11 crores out of that. So it is a gain. 
And the third one is on the JK File, we had to dispose of certain land and reduced certain number 
of people so that offset it between INR 5.0 crores and INR 5.5 crores. 
So that is a net INR 10 crore of exceptional loss, which has been booked during the quarter. So 
that's one. And as far as JK Files IPO is concerned, first of all, when you talk about, I think the 
primary markets are still the way we have been talking to our investment bankers that it is still 
not that conducive. And the purpose of our IPO was not to say that it is bringing the money into 
the business for growing either at engineering business or at the Raymond Limited level. We 
have very clearly outlined the purpose of doing this IPO was to bring the money and deleverage 
the balance sheet and make a debt-free company. So we are not in that hurry, so to speak, that I 
have to do and desperately I have to do it today to tomorrow. What we have the card available 
is till February. We are talking to our investment bankers and watching the market very, very 
closely. And in an appropriate time, we will do the IPO. 
Mehul: 
But sir, the proceeds will be used to repay the debt. So earlier, we had the market will reduce 
the cost on interest repayment. 
Amit Agarwal: 
That is true. And that is why this was planned. So in February, when we got the card 
immediately, the Russia Ukraine war started and you all know then what all happened. So that 
is why we are in very close contact with our investment bankers to see that how and when can 
we really launch this issue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand it over to the management for closing comments. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you very much, everyone, and look forward to talking to you in the next quarter's earnings 
release. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
