T : +91 22 2549 7300 
F : +91 22 2549 7399 
E : sales@neogenchem.com 
W : www.neogenchem.com 
Registered Office: 
1002, Dev Corpora. Cadbury Junction, 
Eastern Express Highway, Thane 0/11) 400 601, India. 
CIN No. L24200MH1989PLC050919 
Encl.: As above 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For N:7m;ted 
Unnati Kanani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A35131 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
The transcript 
is also being uploaded on the company's website at https://neogenchem.com/financial- 
performance/ . 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call Transcript of 
the Company's Q2 & Hl FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, November 7, 2022. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub.: Q2FY23 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript. 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Listing Department, 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, Fort 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code No: 5426_6_5 
___.__Company Symbol: NEOGEN 
':,{ 
.~ .. NEOGEN 
··~· 
~ 
CHEMICALS 
LTD. 
7' 
November 12 2022 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
     
 
Neogen Chemicals Limited 
                  Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                        November 7, 2022  
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Solanki. 
 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY23 earnings 
conference call for analysts and investors. Today, we are joined by senior members of the 
management team, including Dr. Harin Kanani, Managing Director; Mr. Anurag Surana, 
Director and Mr. Ketan Vyas, Chief Financial Officer. We will commence the call with opening 
thoughts from the management team, post which we shall open the forum for questions and 
answers in which the management will be addressing queries of the participants.  
 
Before we commence, I would like to share our standard disclaimer. Certain statements made 
or discussed on the call today may be forward-looking statements. The actual results may 
vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed disclaimer in this regard is available in 
Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY23 earnings presentation, which has been shared earlier. I would 
now like to invite Dr. Harin Kanani to share his perspective. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you, Nishid. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our Q2 FY23 earnings 
conference call. I hope everybody is keeping safe and healthy. We have reported our second 
quarter numbers on Saturday, 5th November 2022, and I hope you had an opportunity to go 
through them. I will be sharing the key insights and updates on expansion initiatives, while Mr. 
Ketan Vyas, our CFO will take us through the financial performance for the quarter under 
review.  
 
We demonstrated healthy overall performance during the first half of the fiscal year 2023, 
notwithstanding the challenges posed by inflationary trends in (the prices of) key raw 
materials, elevated utility costs, as well as continued volatility in the foreign exchange rates. 
Our revenue grew by 50%, while EBITDA improved by 35% and profit after tax increased by 
13%, respectively. Recently, we have witnessed some cooling effect in (the prices of) raw 
materials, barring Lithium, which continued its upward trajectory, reaching its highest levels 
and Bromine, which continues to remain steady with moderate increase. However, we were 
able to pass on the lithium-related costs to the customers, thereby protecting the absolute 
EBITDA. The EBITDA percentage margin considers the impact of higher revenues and higher 
RM costs with preserved absolute earnings. 
 
In H1 FY23, we reported 19% growth in Organic chemicals. Growth in Inorganic chemicals 
stood at 176% which was largely driven by realisation gains across products. Steady demand 
momentum with incremental benefits from recently augmented capacities also contributed to 
the performance.  
 
As planned earlier, we have started shifting our production to high-value customised products 
that enjoy better demand visibility. These are complex products that require expertise in key 

 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
chemistries but are value accretive and lead to customer stickiness, given the nature of 
offerings. We have further strengthened our R&D team to accommodate such complex 
products and now have a 60-member dedicated R&D team to take advantage of these 
upcoming opportunities.  
 
Our expansion plans are progressing well across both, lithium-ion battery chemicals and 
existing business operations, including CSM segment and we are on track to deliver our stated 
revenue guidance for the next few years. In line with our CapEx trajectory, we are also ramping 
up our teams across business development, operations and EHS among others to increase 
the management bandwidth.  
 
We have bolstered our in-house capabilities and process expertise in CSM and Advanced 
Intermediate segment to accommodate complex products that require multiple steps. We have 
added five customers in last quarter, in Europe and Japan, across Agrochemical, Flavours & 
Fragrance and Engineering segments, where projects have moved from pilot to first 
commercial operation with a combined revenue potential of more than Rs. 200 crore. We are 
now working with more than 15 customers actively and have started the initial working with 
U.S. and European agrochemical companies to understand their requirements and identify 
projects where Neogen facilities and expertise can add value to their requirements.  
 
Our own six advanced intermediates targetted towards Pharma and Agro end-use, have 
completed their pilots and/or first commercial run, which have a revenue potential of around 
Rs. 150 crore and will start contributing to our revenue in second half and will allow us to reach 
peak by FY25.  
 
We have also extended and demonstrated our capabilities of doing organometallic chemistry 
from carrying out Grignard chemistry to now being able to perform Organolithium chemistry 
at commercial scale, further extending the commercialised technologies in our toolbox 
available for our domestic and global clients.  
 
On lithium battery materials front, we continue to work with future lithium cell producers in 
India to test our electrolyte samples internally or with their global partners and discussions 
around long-term contracts and with several of them have been initiated and are in progress. 
In addition, we have received positive feedback from global customers for lithium electrolyte 
salts and additives and sample testing and approval process has been initiated by these 
customers. We have also seen keen interest from several global technology providers to 
partner or share technology with Neogen and we continue to evaluate these options.  
 
I will now share some of the updates on expansion initiatives announced till now: 
 
 
Based on timelines from our customer, we have prioritised our Lithium Electrolyte Salts 
and additives manufacturing setup at Dahej SEZ. We expect commissioning by Q4 and 
trial production to start by Q1 next year. The electrolyte pilot facility will, in parallel, 
continue to work. A smaller capacity for electrolyte trial, needed for our customers’ 
immediate demand has already been installed and can support hundreds of Kg 
requirements for trials for our customers.  
 
In the existing business, work on increasing capacity for existing lithium business has 
been initiated and the new streamlined facility will be ready by Q4 of this year. So 
additional capacity will be available for the next financial year.  
 
Work on increasing Organic chemical production capacity also continues and is 
expected to be completed by Q1 or maximum Q2 of the next financial year.  
 
We have been in active discussions with key customers in lithium battery materials and 
have received positive responses from them. Larger CapEx plans will depend on how 
the final discussions progress for the lithium-ion battery materials space and will 
accordingly be announced towards the second half of the current fiscal year.  
 
Overall, these planned expansions will put us on a strong growth footing within the chosen 
areas of our expertise and help us leverage the positive demand opportunity in the Indian 
Chemicals landscape. Our FY24 revenue guidance stands at Rs. 700-725 crore as was stated 
earlier, while by FY25/FY26, we will add another Rs. 250-300 crore at full utilisation levels. All 
these estimates are based on stable lithium prices, and any large CapEx that we do in lithium-
ion battery materials will be in addition to that. 

 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Our inventory stood higher as on September 2022 due to change in product-business mix and 
planned customer supply schedule for the forthcoming quarters. This will improve as new 
capacity gets added, as well as some of these inventories are liquidated and converted into 
sales in the second half of this year, when we see additional demand.  
 
Looking ahead, I am enthused with the abundant opportunities that are emerging for India and 
more specifically for Neogen, driven by greater focus from the global business. This along 
with gains from our planned upcoming projects will steer the momentum for the next few years. 
We will maintain financial discipline while accelerating our performance traction through 
prudent capital allocation. That ends my opening thoughts. I would now request our CFO, Mr. 
Ketan Vyas to share the financial highlights for the period under review. Over to you, Ketan. 
 
Ketan Vyas: 
Thank you, Dr. Harin. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our Q2 FY23 earnings call. 
I will now take you through the key financial highlights. Please note that these are on a 
standalone basis and are based on year-on-year comparison. 
 
During the half year ended FY23, revenue increased 50% to Rs. 296 crore as compared  to 
Rs. 197.8 crore in H1 FY22. We witnessed robust demand momentum and saw gains from 
augmented capacities as compared to the same period of last year. We have been refreshing 
our product mix, to offer products that enjoy better demand thereby deriving higher value.  
 
We saw 35% increase in EBITDA which came in at Rs. 48.9 crore. This was delivered despite 
continued inflation-related cost pressures in the prices of raw materials and key utilities, further 
aggravated by foreign exchange fluctuations. Favourable product mix, as well as higher 
utilisation levels at various plants fuelled the EBITDA performance. 
 
Moving to PAT performance, it increased by 13%, at Rs. 21 crore in H1 FY23. The 
performance was in line, given the impact of high depreciation and finance costs due to new 
plant addition and increase in the interest rates.  
 
Now, let me take you through the quarterly numbers. Revenue in Q2 FY23 increased by 31% 
to Rs. 148.1 crore, EBITDA was higher by 18% to Rs. 24.3 crore and PAT stood at Rs. 9.9 
crore.  
 
I will also share the revenue breakup segment-wise and geography-wise. Organic chemicals 
saw growth of 9% year-on-year at Rs. 99 crore in Q2 FY23. Inorganic chemicals jumped 122% 
from Rs. 22 crore in Q2 FY22 to Rs. 49 crore in Q2 FY23. Domestic and Export mix for Q2 
FY23 stood at 50:50  
 
So, these were the key financial highlights. I will now request the moderator to open the forum 
for Q&A session. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Ranvir Singh, from Edelweiss Wealth Research. Please 
go ahead. 
***** 
Ranvir Singh: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, just on the growth side – what had been the volume growth 
during the quarter in Organic chemicals segment.  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In our existing quarter, for both the segments, there is a volume growth as compared to the 
previous year’s Q2. In case of Organic, there is a volume growth as compared to even Q1 of 
the current financial year. Our Organic revenue was also almost up by 10% at Rs. 10 crore as 
compared to previous quarter.  
 
In case of Inorganic, we reached the highest lithium prices in the current quarter. So, the peak 
lithium price impact was in the current quarter based on which there were some customers 
whose volumes were a bit down and like you know, there was a resistance to accept these 
high lithium prices. Also, some of them knew that the peak is coming. So, in Q1, they had pre-
booked the material and were working off inventory. Therefore, in terms of volume as 
compared to last year Q2, there was growth, but as compared to Q1 of the current financial 
year, there was a slight decrease in the volumes. However, most of the customers have now 
accepted the new price and we also feel that lithium prices have now stabilised. Earlier, the 

 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
expectation was that may be this high price would not be sustainable and that the prices will 
crash, but the high prices are more or less sustaining after about 10% kind of a correction. 
Now more and more customers are open towards accepting this price. Of course, there are a 
few customers who are just not able to afford the high lithium prices, but as I mentioned in my 
earlier calls, we are adding more international customers to basically make up for the little bit 
lesser volumes in the whole year.  
 
Overall, we were expecting about Rs. 100 crore plus kind of revenue from lithium in the current 
financial year, on a stable lithium price. That, we are on track to achieve and our new capacity 
for lithium will also come online so that next year, we can end up doing better. 
 
Ranvir Singh: 
Precisely, can you quantify the average realisation in Organic chemicals segment and 
Inorganic separately? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In case of Organic and Inorganic, the biggest challenge is that the product mix has changed 
significantly and it keeps changing almost every year. So, it is very difficult to say how much 
quantity is more or how much quantity is less. So, that is why it becomes difficult for us to say 
that in terms of tonnage what has happened. However, qualitatively what we can say is that, 
yes, if we just look at trade difference – how much it did contribute to; so when you look at it 
from that point of view you can say that there is an increase or there is a decrease. So, this is 
what I have shared with you.  
 
Ranvir Singh: 
If you just take the total revenue and divide it by the volume, which I assumed on that particular 
capacity utilisation basis, the average per litre price is coming exorbitantly high during this 
quarter. That is why I wanted to connect the dots to know whether I am calculating right or 
wrong. So, in terms of capacity utilisation, can you indicate that of the 4,07,000 litres total 
capacity that we have, what has been the sold volume during this quarter?  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Mahape and Karakhadi continue to work at around 80% utilisation levels. The Dahej site was 
at around 60% utilisation levels. But again, this 60% is not fully optimised yet, because some 
of the new molecules were getting launched and again, some of the materials which were 
made but were not sold yet. So, this is the utilisation levels of site. For some of them, the profit 
will be generated when we make the final sale of the material or the revenue will be generated 
when we do the sale. But, if you were talking of utilisation levels, again, Mahape and Karakhadi 
are around 80-85% and the Dahej is around 60-65%.   
 
Ranvir Singh: 
Secondly, you indicated Rs. 250 crore of additional revenue in FY25. Will that come from the 
Inorganic side or Organic side or is this solely related to the new CapEx of Rs. 150 crore that 
we are doing on the lithium side?  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
You mean the Rs. 250 crore additional revenue from around Rs. 150 crore CapEx which we 
are currently doing, right? 
 
Ranvir Singh: 
Yes. You indicated in the commentary on the revenue guidance that in FY24 it will be Rs. 700-
725 crore and further in FY25, Rs. 250 crore of additional revenues may come in. So, on that 
Rs. 250 crore of revenue, is it related to the Inorganic - lithium side where the expansion is 
currently going on or would there be contribution from the Organic side also?  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
There are three contributing factors for the additional Rs. 250-300 crore of revenue which is 
coming in. One is the additional lithium capacity that we are adding, which will be somewhere 
around Rs. 50 crore in revenue. The second is, we are adding 60KL of additional reactor 
volumes and that will be a second contributing factor. The third one will be the lithium-ion 
battery material salts which we are doing. So, together, the three of them are likely to 
contribute between Rs. 250-300 crore of revenue. This we have targetted for FY25 and FY26. 
Once we are in FY24, we will have the exact clear guidance of how much in FY25, but 
somewhere between FY25 and FY26 we can reach full utilisation.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Archit Joshi: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Just needed some clarifications. Sir, I am a little 
confused from reading the presentation. We have mentioned that 250 MT of capacity will be 

 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
operational in FY23 and the 400 MTA line will also be available as additional capacity going 
ahead. If you can just share the timelines on how these capacities will be commissioned. Also, 
since you mentioned that some bit of revenues will be derived from the new electrolyte plant 
that we are expecting to commission by the end of FY23. If you can also share the quantum, 
in the beginning how much we can expect and going ahead, what could be the size of this, 
once this 400 MT of plant is operational and available for us? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
As I said in my opening remarks, we have given priority to the 400 MT plan for the salts, the 
lithium salts and additive products, because we see that the demand from the customers is 
present today, because this is basically targetted at lithium salt derivative requirements. The 
electrolyte requirement is going a bit slower on our Indian customer side. So, we are giving 
priority to the lithium salt derivatives – lithium salts for battery materials electrolyte, which is 
targetted for the international market.  
 
Also, once this is available, when we start our electrolyte plant, we can use our own lithium 
salts. So, we don't have to depend on an external source. Because of this, we have prioritised 
that first. As I explained in my opening remarks, we are expecting that in Q4 of this year, we 
will start the commissioning of the plant – the final installation of all the equipment; not the 
installation, just the initial trial, and by Q1 next year, we are targetting that trial production can 
start. This is for the 400 MT lithium salt derivatives plant. 
 
For the electrolyte, we are working in parallel and we expect that it should be ready by Q1 or 
Q2 of next year. So, sorry if it is still FY23 in the investor presentation. We need to correct 
that, 
but 
it 
will 
be 
ready 
a 
little 
bit 
later 
in 
Q1 
or 
Q2 
of 
FY24.  
 
 
In terms of revenue from the 400 MT plant, again, that is part of the Rs. 250-300 crore 
additional revenue which we have projected; it should be, at peak utilisation, somewhere close 
to around Rs. 100-odd crore. It will depend also on the final product mix and how it gets sold. 
This is approximately the idea.  
 
Out of that Rs. 250 crore, about Rs. 50-odd crore will come from traditional lithium, about Rs. 
100-odd crore will come from our additional Organic capacity which we are adding, and around 
Rs. 100-odd crore will come from lithium salts derivatives unit again on full utilisation. Now, I 
think lithium salts and organic derivatives might get done sooner. But because this is new, we 
want to first wait for approvals etc., to give a guidance that by FY25 or FY26, by when we can 
fully utilise this. 
 
Archit Joshi: 
Since you mentioned that there is a fair bit of visibility more on the salt front which is the 
electrolyte salts than that of electrolytes, which is where we are focusing at this point in time. 
Shouldn't it be the other way around that someone would be looking for a more packaged 
material which comes in the form of an electrolyte per se than buying the salts because 
electrolytes can be readily installed in a battery; so, is there something that we are missing or 
is there an insight that you would like to share as to why there is more demand for salts than 
that of final product itself?  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I am glad you asked this question, so, I could clarify. Yes, in terms of overall interests, 
especially when it comes to India, the interest remains in electrolyte. As you have rightly said, 
customers would like to buy electrolyte and when it comes to India, our focus is also to sell 
the electrolyte only. However, Indian demand for electrolyte is likely to start somewhere in 
2024. So, there is still a lot of time.  
 
However, in terms of lithium salts, international customers, who are making electrolyte or who 
are making other electrolytes, the requirement is today because it is being consumed even 
today. From that point of view, there are customers who are ready to test the sample and let 
us say, if my plant starts in the month of April or May, they can start buying. Whereas, for 
electrolyte, the Indian customers are still taking time to start consuming the electrolytes. Right 
now, they want only a very small quantity. As I mentioned, we have a small set up that can do 
200 kgs per month, and that requirement can be met with my small plant. So, in terms of 
timing, we felt that the electrolyte salt is needed first and the electrolyte plant can be slightly 
delayed and still, we should be okay.  
 

 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just continuing with the earlier question. Lithium salt initially we 
will be addressing the international market and given that Indian demand is expected to start 
picking up from 2024, obviously, will this be shifted back to India? Or is it that there could be 
another round of CapEx with which you can expand the lithium salt capacity as well, so that 
the international market and the domestic market both could be addressed? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
What we are basically planning to do is that, right now, with this trial plant of 250 MT and 400 
MT of salts which we make, we will supply this to the international customers and in parallel, 
we are also working out that what is the size of the electrolyte plant for India. As I have said 
in my earlier calls, electrolyte is mostly a local business. So, in India, we have an advantage 
because we are locally situated and our target is to serve the electrolyte market within India. 
Internationally, we want to do lithium salts. Thus, the other idea of preponing the salt is, that 
once I have sold the salt and I know what is the international interest, then when I am planning 
my India electrolyte and electrolyte salt demand, if I have the feedback of the international 
demand; accordingly, I can go for a larger capacity for the salt, which will take care of India as 
well as the international demand and electrolytes, which will be mainly for the Indian demand. 
So that is how we see it happening.  
 
If we can get this done quickly, then we can do our planning more efficiently, go for a bigger 
capacity for the salt, both for India and the international demand. The electrolyte plant 
capacity, we will plan it based on what is the India demand.  
 
Ankur Periwal: 
Just a clarification, all this will be based on our own technology, right?  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, on the technology which we have. We have our own technology and we also keep talking 
to international technology providers or people who have technology to see if there is an 
interest in partnering with Neogen. This is because what it does is that, if there are companies 
or if we have people who have technologies which have a proven track record of having 
supplied to cell manufacturers globally, then it gives us even further credibility to Neogen. We 
keep exploring both the options, our own technology – we are working based on our own 
technology, but there are also international companies, which have interest, which are working 
with us.  
 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, sir. That is helpful. Secondly, in your initial remarks, you did mention a new client 
addition, as well as the inquiries that have been rising across Europe and Japan. If you can 
probably touch on or may be put some more light – what sort of inquiries these are? More 
short-term sort of requirements for structural or longer-term contracts that we are working on? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
These are again mostly with innovators or those who are global leaders in their areas in 
Europe and in Japan. Yes, these will be long-term requirements. However, the size of each 
molecule is, between Rs. 15 crore to Rs. 50 crore kind of a demand. I do not know whether 
we will ultimately get into a long-term supply contract, but yes, it will definitely be long-term 
and it will be long-term demand because then mostly we are working with global leaders in 
their particular areas, or who have a global strong position in their final molecules.  
 
Especially in flavour and fragrances, it is mostly Europe and in agrochemical, it is mostly Japan 
and Europe. We have just started working with the bigger agrochemical companies. As we 
said, once we have Dahej site ready, we have started approaching them and we have seen 
good response during our initial presentations and now, we are identifying potential projects 
on which we can work together.  
 
Ankur Periwal: 
Just one other question on the gross margin pressure. We had seen some bit of it earlier and 
there is an improvement this quarter. Will it be fair to say that most of the benefit is already 
there or probably there could be some further improvement there? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
You mean in the gross margins?  
 
Ankur Periwal: 
On the margin front. Yes.  
 

 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Overall on margins right now, I see the biggest impact, when you look at a percentage margin, 
is of higher lithium prices. The worst we have now seen. At least, now we feel that the lithium 
prices have reached their peak and are now with a new stable price, at least for next one or 
two years. It may eventually decrease a bit, but for now, I think, at least for next one or two 
years, the price should remain more or less close to where it is. Slowly, my customers are 
also accepting this.  
 
I am very happy to say that our team worked really well with the right procurement at the right 
time; getting into back-to-back contracts, where we ensured that in spite of a historical 4-5 
times increase in lithium prices, still we were able to pass on all the lithium prices to our 
customers while basically protecting our absolute EBITDA margin.  
 
Overall, in this year, we had targetted a Rs. 600 crore revenue with around 18-18.5% EBITDA, 
which is around Rs. 100-110 crore. In the first six months, we have already done Rs. 300 
crore, and we have done an EBITDA close to around Rs. 49-50 crore. We are on track to 
achieve our target this year. The way we look at it is that our final revenue will be somewhere 
between, let us say Rs. 650-700 crore, depending on how lithium behaves in the remaining 
six months. We will be somewhere between Rs. 650-700 crore and the EBITDA should be 
closer to Rs. 100-110 crore is what we have targetted.  
 
More or less, yes, there is a very strong lithium price, which will be passed on to our customers 
and whatever was the absolute EBITDA that we are protecting. Then as lithium prices 
stabilise, with our new customers and lithium coming in, we will try to work that even with the 
higher lithium price, how our EBITDA margins or percentage margins can also improve going 
forward in the future.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Damania from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  
 
Mihir Damania: 
We have seen elevated levels of working capital, which has resulted in almost Rs. 93 crore of 
negative cash flow from operations in the first half. How do we see it panning out for the 
second half and may be for FY24? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think in the second half, our working capital cycle will improve and because we are basically 
ramping up from let us say Rs. 80 crore to Rs. 150 crore plus kind of a revenue. As I mentioned 
earlier, we will end the year with a top line of somewhere between Rs. 650-700 crore. 
Ultimately with the elevated lithium price, we are talking of revenues in the range of Rs. 175 
to Rs. 200-225 crore target that we need to reach. When we are doing this ramp up, there is 
some addition to working capital requirements as debtors as well as our stock levels have to 
increase to support these business levels. However, in this particular quarter or in the last six 
months, it was a bit higher because we are ramping up and we are preparing for some of the 
molecules. We make the molecules and we keep it. So, this was one reason. 
 
The second reason was that for some of our pharma molecules, we see abnormally low 
demand as compared to what we had seen. These are basically our regular products that we 
have been making for many years for which the demand was a bit lower. So, we still continued 
our production and have some inventory. Now, this inventory will be sold off because the 
demand is now improving and we have now planned our production in such a way that, since 
we have this inventory, there are other molecules which are in the pipeline. So, we use the 
facility for making that and again control our inventory.  
 
I think in the second half, by end of March, we will see an improvement in our inventory levels. 
They should be lower than what they are today and also, overall, it will be better in terms of 
the six months, from the working capital point of view, as opposed to the six months now. 
Also, as we get into FY24, as I have stated earlier, our goal is to first reach around 110-120 
days of stock inventory levels on a net sales basis by FY24. Then going forward, once the 
new molecules which are coming from more dedicated facility to improve it gradually as we 
get into FY25 and FY26. So, I think we will continue to maintain that.  
 
Mihir Damania: 
Just the other question that I have is, how are we looking to fund additional CapEx 
requirements which will be announced in H2 this year?  
 

 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
First we need to figure out what is the total CapEx requirement going to be. Based on whatever 
we had estimated earlier, if we are going for the same capacity, then we already had some 
debt and some equity portion which is raised, and then the remaining we were planning to 
fund using debt as well as our internal accruals.  
 
Of course, if the demand exceeds what we have currently planned, then we will have to take 
a relook at it. But currently, the plan is, it is a mix of equity, which we have already raised, our 
own internal accruals, as well as the additional debt which we will be taking. So that our debt-
equity ratio will still remain around 1:1, maximum 1.25 for a short period of time, but otherwise, 
it stays below 1:1, is what we are targetting. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Centrum PMS. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Just continuing on the last participant’s question on funding the next CapEx. If I look at your 
balance sheet and cash flow, cash has almost been consumed. We are sitting at, I think, 
almost Rs. 250 crore of net debt and given the huge increase in inventory, cash flow from 
operations has also been negative. Are we looking at a fund raising plan as well apart from 
taking on debt? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
There is a certain level of investment that can still be managed with our own funds. As I 
mentioned, the working capital will improve and while we have not yet fully utilised our working 
capital facilities, we still have room available there. We feel that up to a reasonable amount of 
investment, we should be able to raise our own funds just with debt, as well as the Company's 
own operations. But again, the final decision we can take once we have the exact size of the 
electrolyte business and the lithium salt additives which will come with that is once finalised. 
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So, the next CapEx division will entail, one the electrolyte CapEx and two, if at all we need a 
larger salt and additive capacity, right? Both the CapEx decisions will be taken. 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. It will definitely lead the salt capacity, but whether the salt capacity will be only to the 
tune of what is required for our own consumption or also to take care of international 
(demand). So, that is the decision which we still need to make.  
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. And you will take this decision hopefully by next earnings call that you will be hosting? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The thing which is pending is the final confirmation from our customers. Most of my customers 
are right now about to finalise their final equipment purchase contract. Some of them are 
finalising their technology provider partners. Once we get the final clarification, then our 
expectation is that by March or before March, we should get maximum clarity from them. So, 
in the second half, we should get clarity from them and based on that, anytime between now 
and March we should be deciding on the CapEx. So, whether it will be before the earnings 
call or just after, I do not know. It depends on how the customers finalise. 
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it. Second question. If I look at other players in terms of competition in electrolyte CapEx, 
I see many of them setting up their electrolyte CapEx. Gujarat Fluoro is one such name. So, 
what is your view on competition, especially, in the domestic market? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
As I have said in my previous calls that yes, there will be some competition where the 
customers can say, okay, I would like to buy this internationally, even though there are some 
challenges; or there can be some international company coming to India and setting up a shop 
here. But nobody has announced or nobody has even started work on that. Or the third can 
be domestic competition. Among all of these, we will divide the market share. And then based 
on whatever we have done so far or the work we have done, we will get a certain market share 
of that. Because the business is big enough, where the final market will be divided in these 
three or four ways.  
 
So, how much market share Neogen is getting - 25%, 40%, 50% or 60% - will decide the final 
capacity of the plant that we need to make. Because how much India is going to make, there 
is a good degree of certainty. When they will start making, that is a bit uncertain but what 
market share Neogen gets, is what is going to determine the plant size that we have. I am 
fairly hopeful with the work we have done, with our track record and the lithium that we have, 

 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
we are expecting a decent market share, but exactly how much it is I do not know yet. Once I 
know, I will have my plant size and then the investment. 
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Any other chemistry, other than lithium-ion that we are exploring like sodium-ion or any other 
chemistry? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. Sodium-ion chemistry follows as the equipment or the facilities required are very similar 
to lithium-ion. Right now, our focus is on lithium. But yes, at our R&D we also have started 
looking at sodium to take care of some of the companies in India which have already 
announced their plans to work on sodium. Although, our main focus remains on lithium and 
the same facilities can, with some modifications, also be used for sodium as needed.  
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Last question from my side, bit on the chemistry process. I hear many companies are talking 
about continuous flow chemistry or moving on to continuous flow chemistry from a batch 
process kind of a thing. Do you see any merit for our case and do we intend to move to 
continuous chemistry? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We have an R&D team, which has been working on continuous chemistry for some time now. 
Generally, our experience is that molecules which are of large volumes, so you have may be 
one or two steps, but you have a large volume requirement, that is where continuous chemistry 
is more useful. We do have some bromine derivatives - which are our normal bromine 
derivatives - that we have been making for a long period of time, where the volumes are a 
couple of hundreds of metric tons. So that is where we are currently trying the flow chemistry 
options. Although, bromine being corrosive, the tool boxes for continuous chemistry remain a 
bit more challenging for bromine as compared to others. But we are learning that and we have 
a team which is working on that. But as of now, nothing concrete or commercial on which we 
can plan them.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Nitin Tiwari from Yes Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is with respect to the lithium 
salt businesses that we are discussing. Just wanted to understand that and correct me if I am 
wrong. Lithium salts would be about 10-15% of the volume and cost of electrolyte, right? So 
today, the lithium products that we are manufacturing at what percentage does lithium form a 
percentage of those products?  
 
The motivation behind this question is that, today lithium prices are fairly high, with 4-5 times 
increase we have seen. But we have been able to pass on that increase. My sense is that, 
the percentage of lithium being used as raw material in the final product is a very small 
proportion and therefore, the cost pass on is easier. Would that be the case with lithium salts 
as well? 
 
Secondly, wanted some perspective around the market for lithium salts currently in India and 
globally; what kind of manufacturing facilities do we already have in India and what is coming 
up? If you can give us some sense around that.  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think there are two parts of the question, the way I understood it. The first, our existing lithium 
molecules and how much lithium contributes in that. Correct? So, in our existing molecules 
which we make, the lithium – when I say lithium consumption, it is lithium that globally comes 
out as lithium carbonate equivalent, as lithium carbonate and all the lithium is measured as 
lithium carbonate equivalent. So, I will also say, in terms of lithium carbonate, we have a 
product where the lowest side it would require 0.15 kg per kg of lithium carbonate and on the 
higher side, 1 kg of lithium carbonate is needed to make 1 kg of the molecule. So, we have 
the full range and irrespective of that, we have been able to pass on the increase.  
 
The main reason why we could pass on the increase is that – yes, there are some customers 
for whom this price is a challenge - but the fact that we are still able to source lithium at  
competitive rates as compared to our competitors, this is what is allowing us to be able to 
pass on the increase. Wherever our existing customers are not able to take the increase, we 
are finding new customers who are interested in capability, because there are many of our 
competitors, who are just not able to get enough lithium. So, the fact that Neogen is able to 
get this lithium and make this product and has been making it for last 30 years, is what is 

 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
allowing us this, either, with the existing client or with finding alternate customers to whom we 
can sell the product in such a way that we do not have to take a hit, because of the lithium 
price increase and we are able to pass on the difference.  
 
I think in the second part of the question, you wanted to know what are the capacities which 
are existing for such a kind of existing lithium salt production. That is shared in my previous 
call. So, there is a company in Korea, there is a company in Japan, there are two companies 
in China and there is one company in Europe. So, these four or five companies do similar 
work as what Neogen is doing. There are some companies in India which like bromine, like 
sometimes lithium also comes off as a by-product in some other reactions in pharma, or at the 
end of the life of the machine. So, there are some companies which collect this lithium material 
and then from that, they try to make molecules similar to our existing molecules.  
 
However, most of the OEMs do not like to work with them, because the quality is uncertain 
and even the pricing and the demand availability is uncertain, because they can only make so 
much as what they can get from the by-product or a waste product. So, this is when it comes 
to our existing lithium business.  
 
Now, when it comes to the electrolyte business, the lithium electrolyte salts, as you mentioned, 
they are between 15-25% by weight, but you said weight and value. So, by weight 15-25% is 
correct, but by value the contribution can be much higher and that will depend on what are the 
lithium prices and what are the other raw material prices at that time. If I were to say today, it 
would be much higher as compared to 15-25% that you are mentioning on the value of the 
salt, which is present in the final electrolyte in the electrolyte pricing.  
 
So, I hope this answers your question. 
 
Nitin Tiwari: 
It does clarify to a large extent. Actually, what I was trying to understand is that, has the 
increase in lithium prices either impacted the lithium electrolyte salt market or has impacted 
the demand in any way? Like what is the sense that you are getting in your conversations? 
Can you help us understand that and what could be a potential size of the market for the salts 
specifically in India? We have only been given an indication of may be the electrolyte market 
size that you are looking at, given the battery capacity that you will be looking at by 2030. But 
any sense on salts market side as well, globally and within India?  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
First of all – your question that have high lithium prices affected the demand of the electrolyte 
salt? To answer that, the electrolyte salt requirement or electrolyte requirement will be driven 
largely by EV and to some extent by the energy storage requirements which are there. At 
least, when it comes to EV, it is very clear that the demand and the projection still continue. 
In the long-term, especially when you are talking globally, almost in all the countries, wherever 
EVs are getting made, there is a waiting period of between 4 months to 12 months or 14 
months and pre-booking is required to get the EV. So, I think, the demand still remains strong 
as I have not heard of anybody cutting down on the demand of the EV. As long as that is 
remaining and also the desire to move to non-conventional energy, which basically generates 
the energy storage requirements, also continues. More countries want to move to solar, wind, 
etc., and especially in Europe with what is happening with the existing problems of gas, it is 
even more that they want to move to renewable energy which requires more energy storage. 
Therefore, I do not see the demand for lithium-ion batteries going down and hence, the 
demand worldwide for the electrolytes remain the same.  
 
Similarly, when we are talking of India, the projections which we have given for 2030, which 
was made by IEFA and which is what we have used as a basis, continues to remain. I do not 
see any delay in the plans or the demand going down from where it was. Therefore, the 
demand which you mentioned of around 150,000 metric ton of electrolyte continues to remain. 
In terms of electrolyte salt, it will be between 15-25%. So, you can just multiply that number 
by 15-25% and you have the range of what is the electrolyte salt which will be required for 
India, let us say by 2030. 
 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Still on that topic. If I understand it right, there are a number of electrolyte salts which are used 
in a lithium-ion battery. Are we planning to produce any particular salt or will there be a range 
of salts that we will be producing as such? 
 

 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. We are planning to ultimately make the range of salts required. 
 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Understood. Lastly, if I may push one more. In your presentation, you had indicated that CSM 
opportunities are also looking very attractive. Can you throw some more light on these 
opportunities that are coming our way and how we are looking at that segment evolving over 
the next couple of quarters? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
On CSM opportunities, we had two targets – first is, once Dahej site started, our idea was that 
the CSM should increase from 10% of our revenue to 20% by FY24. If I look at the first six 
months, we are already at 15%. So, we are moving in that direction. As I also mentioned in 
my opening remarks, now that the Dahej site and the capacity are available, we could go to 
the customer, take POs and there are four to five molecules which have now moved from pilot 
to a first commercial production, across three different industries - Agro, Flavour and 
Fragrance as well as Specialty Chemical Application and Engineering. So, these molecules 
have now moved. On top of that, this will allow us that, at least, by FY24 we are meeting our 
target of 20% of Rs. 750 crore that we are getting by the CSM opportunity.  
 
In addition, for growth beyond FY24, we said that we'll start now, once the Dahej site is 
available, we'll start working with global innovator companies in Europe and U.S., which have 
much larger requirements. We have made our presentations and many of them have really 
appreciated our Dahej site. Some of them have also started visiting. With some of them, we 
have just made the initial presentation and they are evaluating based on our chemistry 
expertise as to what it is and which are the kind of projects that we can do.  
 
Also, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we were also working in organometallic – we 
were working with Grignard reagents, which are magnesium-based organometallics, whereas 
now, we were able to also make use organolithium molecules, which are even more difficult 
to handle and the reactions happen at even lower temperature. With this increase in our 
expertise, there's a good interest and we hope that by the time we work with our existing 15 
customers in the CSM space to meet our short-term goals, we would have a pipeline of bigger 
molecules coming in from global majors. Hopefully that will fuel the growth for FY25, FY26 
and beyond.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from a line of Yash Shah from Investec India. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Yash Shah: 
My question was in continuation to the previous participant’s question, which was about our 
competitors in electrolytes and you mentioned that we'll be splitting the market share. What I 
actually wanted to understand is, as you have mentioned that we've been pioneers in the 
lithium chemistry for last 30 years and our ability to procure lithium sets us apart from our 
competitors, which are not many in the Indian space at least. What I really wanted to 
understand is, having such kind of an edge, should we not be the market leader and why 
would we split the market share with our competitors when it comes to the electrolytes?  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I said there are three things. One is, that the customer can say I'm going to buy this directly 
from someone who's already making and supplying it to battery manufacturers now. That's 
one sense of competition. The second sense of competition is, some of the global companies 
coming to India and saying – I will set up a shop in India and supply, and these companies 
also are making electrolyte and selling electrolytes, but which has not happened. The third is 
that other than Neogen, some other company also, could basically be setting up electrolytes. 
I would be very happy if I have 100% market share, but I know my customers are considering 
all these options and may be each customer, even if they go with Neogen, they might want to 
keep a second option. They might say split it between in 80:20 or something like that. Again, 
it depends on my customer, but I would expect that there will be some competition looking at 
the size of the molecule and size of the market. Of course, how it's going to get split and how 
much market share, I will get – my effort will be to try to get maximum market share considering 
our abilities. But ultimately, I can say more concretely only as things develop.   
 
So, in our internal projection, we have like a minimum case and we have a maximum case. 
We have an idea that the capacity will be somewhere between in a particular range. But it's 
better that once I have stronger confirmation or some contracts with my customer, where we 
can give a more precise number of where the market share will lie.  

 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 
Yash Shah: 
My second question was regarding employee cost and the tax rate. Regarding employee cost, 
is there any one off this quarter because it has been at historically highest level at about 8% 
of the revenue? On the tax front, like for H1, the tax rate has been significantly high at about 
29% approximately. I was assuming that with Dahej revenues ramping up, our tax rate will 
decrease. So, any comments on these two factors? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The first one, yes. Basically, we have reached our peak employee count already before we 
have reached our peak turnover from Dahej and other sites. As utilisation improves, let us say 
we have a capacity of Rs. 750 crore, so that is roughly around Rs. 175 crore on an average. 
And with today's lithium prices, it is somewhere around Rs. 200-225 crore. So, as we reach 
around that kind of numbers between Rs. 175-200 crore, as a percentage you will see that 
our revenue will come up. Sorry, as a percentage, the employee costs will kind of moderate. 
Yes, this is relatively on the higher side, but I feel it will improve as compared to this, as our 
utilisation levels improve.  
 
On your second question about tax, we have been a bit more conservative. Dahej operations 
are still ramping up. We are projecting on a higher side, but as we get closer to the year, and 
you are very right, that with the Dahej contributing more, our overall tax rate should improve 
and should be at least 25-26% or below. Otherwise, you always have an option to go to a 
second region. So, this is our expectation and this has been a provision done uptill now based 
on guidance from our auditors and our internal working. However, it is more conservative and 
we hope that by the end of the year, it will be closer to 25% or so. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
On the electrolyte salts, just wanted to understand what is the number of customers that we 
are talking to and where they would be located? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thanks for the question, Ms. Pallavi. We are talking to may be around 10 to 12 customers in 
India and about two customers internationally for electrolyte; and for electrolyte salts, we are 
talking to several customers in Japan, Europe and Korea.  
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
You mentioned about the pharma demand being low on some molecules. Are those large 
molecules that you were speaking about and you also said the demand is coming back to 
normal. So, any insight into that part?  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. I think, we have seen that some of the APIs which are of very large volumes and are 
used in bulk quantities, the derivatives of that also for Neogen are on the higher side. So, our 
highest molecule is let us say about 10%-15% of our revenue. These are the some of the 
molecules that have seen a bit lower demand. We are generally seeing that in pharma, either 
people are seeing inventory correction or because people are working from home and that is 
how people have become healthier. We are seeing a little bit of lower demand on the pharma 
side for the last two quarters. We have seen that and my sense is that it is more inventory 
correction that is happening, that during COVID, because pharma was essential, the entire 
supply chain had basically built-up inventory and now, people are doing that correction.  
 
Historically, we have seen that such corrections come within one year's time. We have already 
seen some improvement in these molecules. In the existing quarter, there is more interest 
than in the molecules where the demand was low as compared to Q2 and Q2 was slightly 
better than Q1. So, I think that trend is continuing, and hopefully, by next year, the demand 
should return to normal.  
 
Having said that, historically, as Neogen, we are used to such kind of demand going down for 
a particular API for various reasons and that is where the number of molecules that we have 
comes to our help. So, the regular ones we make and keep some inventory and now in the 
current quarter and the next quarter, till the demand comes back fully, we are now using the 
facility to make some other intermediates. Overall, that will help us increase our organic 
revenue.  
 

 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Would you say that this quarter and the next, I mean, may be the next quarter, it should be 
cleaned up and the fourth quarter should be normal? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. Again, demand, let us hope by at least Q4 or Q1, becomes normal. We have seen, 
sometimes, when this kind of slowdown comes in pharma, inventory correction takes 
somewhere between one year to one and a half year. I think you have already seen six months 
of that. So, between next six to nine months, things should start improving but for it to be fully 
normal, it will take around, let us say between six months to a year from now.  Neogen would 
like to utilise this facility for other molecules and from our side, our performance will start 
improving using the other molecules.  
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
The agrochemical demand has been fine on that side.  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, we have not seen any decrease in demand in agrochemical. However, one thing which 
is there across is that, we have seen with China – with the demand going slow and Chinese 
having over capacities, they are becoming more and more aggressive when it comes to both 
pharma, as well as agro. Sometimes we have seen prices from China, which is really difficult 
to believe, are historically low. Sometimes, we even believe that this is a very good case for 
anti-dumping, because they are basically selling at a very, very low price, which even raw 
material does not make sense. This is a business typically of China, that when there is a 
capacity constraint, where they have overcapacity, they sometimes go to very low prices. 
There are times when there is demand shortage when they try to maximise the potential. Yes, 
we have seen a bit of that but I think more customers are aware of this kind of Chinese 
practices and they are still sticking. There is very strong competition, in general from China, 
because of the overall low demand from them.  
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Is the Chinese competition more in the agrochemicals than the pharma within the setup? 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
It will be there for both. But in pharma, it is a little bit more difficult because they need to have 
prior approvals. It can be only with people who have been approved. When it comes to agro, 
there is a bit more flexibility for customers to change over because there is no registration or 
U.S. FDA approval or anything like that required. In a non-regulated pharma and agro, it 
becomes a little bit easier and in case of regulated pharma, it is not so much.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments.  
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you all the participants for joining the call. I hope we were able to address your queries. 
If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations team 
and we will address them. Thank you once again, stay safe and we look forward to connecting 
with you again in the next quarter.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Neogen Chemicals, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
The transcript has been edited for clarity. Although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy, the 
Company takes no responsibility of transcription errors. 
