 
Prataap Snacks Limited 
CIN : L15311 MP2009PLC021746 
 
Registered Office : Khasra No. 378/2, Nemawar Road, Near Makrand House, Palda, Indore, Madhya Pradesh - 452 020, 
India Telephone : 91-731-2439999 E-mail : info@yellowdiamond.in Website : www.yellowdiamond.in 
 
 
 
 
Ref. No.: PSL/2022-23/CS/SE/56 
Date: 12th November, 2022 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: DIAMONDYD 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code: 540724 
Security ID: DIAMONDYD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor Call held to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the                         
Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2022 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 3rd November, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
Investor call held on 7th November, 2022 to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2022, is enclosed herewith. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Prataap Snacks Limited 
 
 
 
Om Prakash Pandey 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
OM PRAKASH 
PANDEY
Digitally signed by OM PRAKASH PANDEY 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=c307a34cd872e86a524bf95912b60c8501f569d50722b06d04
6715499dd27fe8, postalCode=452016, st=MADHYA PRADESH, 
serialNumber=d746008d19f74f5d166504fd548c082bdf74fad2970b9b
2c3167b0f5d406abb1, cn=OM PRAKASH PANDEY, l=INDORE, 
title=6169, pseudonym=616920210217175416703, 
email=OMPANDEY@YELLOWDIAMOND.IN 
Date: 2022.11.12 18:21:29 +05'30'

 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 1 of 25 
 
Prataap Snacks Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
November 7, 2022 
 
Mit Shah: 
Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us on Prataap 
Snacks Limited's Q2 & H1 FY23 earnings conference call. We have 
with us Mr. Amit Kumat, Managing Director and CEO, and Mr. 
Sumit Sharma, CFO of the Company.  
 
We will begin the call with a brief opening remarks from the 
management, following which we'll open the forum for an 
interactive Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that certain 
statements made in today's call maybe forward-looking in nature 
and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier.  
 
I'd like to hand over the call to Mr. Amit Kumat for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Thank you. Good evening to all the participants and thanks for 
joining our Q2 & H1 FY23 earnings conference call. I trust all of 
you have gone through our presentation which was shared with 
you earlier.  
 
I'm pleased to share that we have delivered a strong revenue 
growth of 23% during the quarter and 29% during H1 FY23. This 
robust revenue growth was due to rise in volumes driven by an 
uptick in consumption and demand across most product 
categories and key geographies. We have seen volumes 
increasing all over markets with several product categories 
witnessing growth above 25% year-on year. Growth for Avadh 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 25 
has been 25% year-on-year, which is in line with Yellow Diamond 
products integrating the broad-based nature of revenue growth. 
 
While economic activity continues to rebound strongly after the 
disruption of last two years, we have taken several steps to 
capitalize on the anticipated return of demand. The continuous 
addition of new retail touch points and enhancing of the 
distribution footprint in focused markets have added to our 
reach. The shift towards direct distribution and the compression 
of the layers to our distribution network has enabled us to 
strengthen our entire distribution platform. We have added 
many vehicles to our fleet in the last six months along with 
above-mentioned initiatives have resulted in better coverage of 
territories leading to higher volumes. 
 
Coming to margin performance, where there is a further good 
news. We have witnessed softening in the prices of key raw 
materials like palm oil and also in packing material. This reversal 
in input prices and our cost-cutting initiatives undertaken in 
previous quarters resulted in a better margin performance. 
EBITDA this quarter has been 4.8% compared to -0.5% in Q1 
FY23. During the quarter, our subsidiary Avadh has delivered an 
EBITDA margin of 8.7%, surpassing the margin performance of 
the parent company. As you can see from our slide 19 of our 
presentation, the average EBITDA margin for a period of five 
years during FY16-20 was 6.9%. From end FY20 due to the COVID 
disruption and the sharp rise in commodity prices primarily palm 
oil but also in packaging cost, fuel as well as corrugated boxes 
we've witnessed immense pressure on margin, which dropped to 
low-single digits. In the last quarter, as palm oil prices were at the 
peak, we reported a negative EBITDA margin. 
 
To counter this margin pressure, we restructured our distribution 
model to eliminate the super-stockist layer as shared on slide 11. 
With the arrangement, we are able to save around 3% margin 
due to lower distribution costs primarily margin from one layer 
of distribution and onward freight. Further, this has provided us 
some more controls and understanding of the consumption 
pattern 
for 
products. 
We 
also 
implemented 
process 
improvements by introducing automation, pruning our product 
portfolio to remove less popular products and by tweaking pack 
sizes to enable better realization. Further, we have actively 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 25 
sought to procure key raw materials under longer-term contracts 
to lock-in attractive prices whenever possible. The result of these 
initiatives is that there has been a structural improvement in the 
sustainable EBITDA margin that the business can deliver. 
 
The commodity cycle has only just started to ease-out and we 
anticipate further positive impact on EBITDA margin from 
reducing input prices. We are confident that with our new cost 
structure in-place, we can target double-digit EBITDA margin in 
the coming years. We believe we can deliver a double-digit 
margin despite prevailing raw-material prices, which remain 
substantially higher than the pre-COVID level.  
 
One key development during the quarter was the addition of 
manufacturing facility in Jammu region. This facility will help us 
enhance our reach in the Northern market. We have partially 
completed the purchase of land there and the proposed facility 
will be second largest in our manufacturing grid after Indore. The 
proposed investment in the facility will qualify as committed 
investment as per the approval of PLI scheme. The addition of the 
facility is in-line with our goal of deepening our footprint as a Pan-
India player. 
 
In this regard, I would like to bring your attention to slide 6, which 
shows the evolution of our company. In less than two decades 
we have emerged as a Pan-India player with a diverse product 
portfolio with operations at scale. A large part of the growth has 
come in the last eight years where we have seen increase in 
products, presence and facilities, allowing us to scale revenues 
over 3x in these 8 years, which include two years of COVID-
induced disruption. We believe we are differentiated from many 
of the snack-food players who are largely regional in their focus. 
All of this has been undertaken in a short span of time compared 
to other companies, some of which are 4 to 5 decades old.  
 
In that backdrop, let me now quickly take you through our 
financial performance during the period under review. In Q2 
FY23, revenue grew by 23%, came in at Rs. 45.72 crore. EBITDA 
for the second quarter stood at Rs. 22.1 crore with margin steady 
at 4.8%. EBITDA during H1 FY23 stood at Rs. 20.1 crore. PAT 
during the quarter stood at Rs. 4.2 crore, while it stood at (Rs. -
7.2) crore in H1 FY23. 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 25 
 
To summarize, we have delivered a strong performance during 
the quarter and are optimistic of delivering better performance 
in the quarters to come. With the structural changes made in 
distribution model and other improvements measures coupled 
with reversal in commodity prices, we are confident of delivering 
better margins for the full year.  
 
On that note, I conclude my remarks and we can open the floor 
for questions. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, couple of questions. One, we have had a fantastic sales 
growth in this quarter. So how do we expect this momentum to 
continue in coming quarters and what has helped us to deliver 
this growth and typically how do we look at the next three, four 
quarters going ahead in terms of the sales momentum? That is 
my question number one. 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Okay. So on the growth front, if you see we grew by more than 
30% in the last quarter and 23% this quarter. In the last quarter, 
definitely we had a little bit base effect of the COVID times, but 
with deeper distribution model starting in new areas and with 
the new product portfolio, we think we can deliver the growth 
what we did in Q2. The minimum basically what we committed is 
15% probably, but the growth can be more than that. If you see 
our distribution structure, we were at 1.8 million outlets and 
currently we are at almost at 2 million outlets. With direct 
distribution going up and getting entry into A and B Class outlet 
with Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 product, we are very confident of this kind 
of growth in probably next two to three years' time. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. So how did we look at the larger pack and the Namkeen 
percentage moving ahead as a proportion of total sales? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think there is almost more than 35% growth in the higher value 
packs in the last quarter. And we think it can further grow 
substantially from here, but it will take time, it's a slow process, 
can't be done in a day or two, it will take some time but definitely 
growing. Namkeen as a category-wise also we have grown quite 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 25 
a bit. Compared to last year probably the overall sales percentage 
of Namkeen has increased by more than 3% to 4% in overall sales 
volume. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
So sir, for us the margins in Namkeen and also not just the gross 
margins and EBITDA margins, both how did they pan-out for us 
in Namkeen? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think they are little bit on the lower side. But if you see 
combination of all the products, all MRPs, we are confident with 
the softening of raw-material prices which has already happened 
and are already in the process. We are targeting double digit 
EBITDA probably in next two to three quarters time. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Last two things, sir. One is, on the other expenses side, we 
have seen a sharp jump in the other expense in this quarter. 
Typically, if I see the numbers for almost last 10 to 12 quarters, 
including before COVID also, the other expense for this quarter 
seems to be on the highest side. Any particular one-off kind of 
expenses or any particular expenses which we have incurred? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
There is some restructuring in the sales force settlement. We 
have a large sales force which is largely on the role of a distributor 
and traditionally we used to settle the cost of those SRs through 
credit notes to our distributors. And when we settle any credit 
note, that is netted-off from the revenue. From May onwards, we 
have restructured these and most of the sales representatives 
have been transferred to the third-party payroll. In this case, we 
are directly settling the salary of those sales representative and 
now with this arrangement, the cost of those sales 
representatives is a part of other expenses. So earlier, that used 
to be netted-off from revenue, now that is a part of my other 
expenses. The quantum of that SR cost is roughly around 1.3% of 
revenue. So, that much difference is because of the restructuring 
in the sales force payment settlement mode. I think barring this, 
most of the items are in-line there is some pressure on the fuel 
cost, some increase in the logistic cost, not very significant and 
there is a minor increase on the contract labor cost because of 
the minimum wage revision. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Typically, the other expenses will remain somewhere around this 
number? 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 25 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, in terms of percentage that should largely remain in this 
range because most of the items are variable in nature, so that 
will be in line with the growth in revenue and production. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
And sir, with the completion of rainfall and also some extended 
rainfall in some particular areas, how do we look at the 
availability of potato and the prices of potato going ahead. Any 
concerns or any positive pillars over there? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I don't think there is any concern on the quantity or availability 
of the potato for the going year ahead. The only issue for us is 
crop might get delayed by seven to eight days. Earlier, probably 
we used to get around 27 or 28 of November, the new crop used 
to come, it might get delayed by another seven days. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. So, we don't see any issue on the availability and the pricing 
part? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
Yes. Not as of today. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, my first question is this, our aspiration to go to double-digit 
margins. That is exclusive of the PLI benefit, right. This is 
operational EBITDA that we are talking about. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, certainly. That is exclusive of PLI scheme. But we believe that 
with PLI scheme, we should be able to clock double-digit margin 
very soon, because in quarter two, we did not get the entire 
benefit of the reversal in the raw material pricing, because you 
always have a basket and there are some short-term contracts. 
So, the entire benefit of the reversal in commodity pricing will 
flow may be in one or two quarters, but in a long-run, certainly 
we are aspiring for a double-digit margin, even without PLI 
scheme. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Second question is sir, now raw-material prices have softened 
across-the-board and how do you see the actions of the peer 
group in terms of pricing. Are they kind of willing to pass-on this 
price reduction and gain market share vis-a-vis getting better 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 25 
margins and I mean what is the impact of that on our strategy, if 
you can talk a bit about that? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think, as of today, there is very little impact as for the 
competitor is concerned in this regard. But going-forward, if the 
prices further drop, there might be some increase in weight for 
the consumer and probably this we will also be able to do with 
them. So, no major margin transfer from here to that level unless 
and until there is a steep fall in raw-material pricing. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
And sir, with whatever CapEx that we have planned for PLI 
benefit and our existing capacity put together, what is the 
revenue number that we can do. Will you be able to do Rs. 2,700, 
Rs. 2,800 crore after the CapEx is done? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, including the proposed CapEx what we are planning in Jammu 
and some other locations, we should be able to clock at least Rs. 
2,600 crore to Rs. 2,700 crore revenue, assuming the full 
utilization. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And also last question from my side. So, we are focusing on 
larger packs and traditionally we have not been there. Large part 
of our revenue come from Rs. 5 pack and hence our focus was 
Cat B outlet. So how easy or difficult it is to get into Cat A and B 
outlet with only larger pack where we did not have any presence 
before that? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think we started this activity six months back and the response 
has been extremely good. We have appointed different set of 
sales officers and sales representatives who can go on these 
outlets and the results are encouraging. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, there is a separate sales team looking at Cat A, Cat B stores? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
In few areas. In few areas, we have different set of sales 
representatives and sales officers who are going into the market. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Patel from 
Equilligence Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Sir, my first question is regarding ad and marketing spend. So, at 
what level do we see this as a percentage of revenue going 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 25 
ahead, given economy has returned back to normalcy now? And 
do we plan to hire any ambassadors for our products like we did 
in 2017-18? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
If you see, basically we did the same activity in 2017-18 with 
Salman Khan. And currently, last two, three years, because of 
COVID, we are just concentrating on kids’ advertisement that's 
with our Rings product. But going forward, definitely with the 
raw material pricing easing out and the margins improving and 
more coverage in the market, we definitely intend to have 
probably one good brand ambassador and do some branding 
activities in Q4 or coming Q1. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
So would it be roughly around mid-single-digit kind of number, 
as a percentage of revenue that we are targeting? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think with the current set of numbers, it is around 1% is basically 
our advertisement cost. I think probably it can grow by another 
1% to 1.5% max. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Okay. Sir, regarding Avadh, what kind of volume growth did we 
see in Avadh, and do we see more scope of margin improvement 
apart from the fact that raw material prices have gone down. So, 
any other scope of margin improvement there? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Okay. So basically, definitely, we have done a lot of changes in 
Avadh, basically just changed the pack sizes and got some better 
machines to improve the yields also. And the thing is, that could 
easily be a double-digit EBITDA number, but not much changes in 
the distribution structure there because the distribution 
structure was already lean there. But the margin, probably would 
be a little bit better than our parent company, Prataap Snacks. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Okay. So, you talked about bringing new machinery, so does that 
expand capacity for Avadh? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Little bit, yes. Getting better packing machines, getting better 
extruders. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
 
 
Okay. And what was the volume growth? 
 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 25 
Amit Kumat: 
For us, I think the volume and the value growth are almost 
similar. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes. Because we consider number of packets as a volume 
because the consumer buys the product as a packet, not in terms 
of grammages. So, for us, it's all a transaction growth, volume 
growth. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, on the gross margin side. So, we did roughly 
around 28% gross margin and the raw material prices have 
started to come down. So, what was the average raw material 
cost last quarter and where do you see it stabilizing in this quarter 
or coming two quarters? And do we see low 30s gross margins 
over next couple of quarters? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
In our COGS, the key raw materials are basically the packaging 
laminates and palm oil. Palm oil last quarter was roughly in the 
range of Rs. 124 per kg to Rs. 126 per kg and that has come down 
further. So that was the average price because you always have 
some short-term contracts of next one to three months' time. 
Packaging material has also reduced a bit after the quarter one. 
From the quarter two, the average price was roughly around Rs. 
211 per kg to Rs. 213 per kg. That has also reduced further. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Got it. So do we see low 30s gross margin in coming two quarters, 
given where the raw material prices are right now? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Certainly. They will be the positive impact, yes, which is still left. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Agarwal, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
Sir, the double-digit EBITDA margin, sir, that you talked about. So, 
is there a possibility that we can see those kind of margins in 
FY'24? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes. Certainly, we are aspiring to have double-digit margin in 
FY'24. Because over the period, we have made a lot of changes. 
If I just take you through the journey, as Amitji also mentioned in 
his opening remarks that if we consider average period from FY16 
to FY20, our EBITDA margin used to be in the range of 6.5% to 
7.5%. The average for those five years was roughly around 6.9%. 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 25 
And during that period, the average palm oil price used to be in 
the range of Rs. 55 per kg to Rs. 65 per kg. Now with having 
pressure on the key raw material pricing, we have made lot many 
changes in our overall structure, including the direct distribution, 
changes in pack size and other process improvement measures. 
And because of those savings, even with higher raw material 
pricing, even more than 50% higher price in terms of palm oil, we 
can get to double-digit EBITDA margin.  
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
Sure. And these double-digits will certainly have scope to 
improve further like in years beyond FY24, like they can move to 
mid-double digits also. Is there a scope to do that or we would be 
happy at 11%, 12% kind of EBITDA margins? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
No, there is always scope to further improve, so scope never 
ends. So certainly, there will be further scope for improvement. 
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
Okay. Sir, your business at 15% EBITDA margin will be possible? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
I won't comment on the exact number of 15%. But yes, certainly, 
there is a possibility for us, slightly higher double-digit margin, 
yes. 
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
Okay. And sir lastly on the inorganic side, do we want to acquire 
any brand which is on the healthy side of snacks or anything 
which we are looking to acquire, any regional brand, which we 
are looking to acquire at this point in time? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Not right now, nothing in mind right now. Many people have 
approached us many companies have approached us to do, we 
couldn't find the right fit, not looking for anything as of today. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mit Shah. Please go ahead. 
 
Mit Shah: 
I had a question regarding the Jammu facility. Which would be 
the key markets which you would cater from this? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
So if you see in Northern India, we are already strong in Haryana 
market, but the Punjab, Himachal, J&K, Uttaranchal market, we 
are not that good. I think we definitely target J&K, Himachal, 
Punjab and Uttaranchal market from there. Though we will have 
supplies coming to Haryana and Delhi also, the reverse logistics 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 25 
advantage is available in Jammu. But the key market what we are 
looking to target are Himachal Pradesh, J&K, Uttaranchal and 
Punjab. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from 
Standard Chartered Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Priyank Chheda: 
Sir, my question is regarding the grammage. What is the 
contribution from the Rs. 5 pack? I think it was more than 90%, 
and we target to reduce that. What are the steps and the strategy 
that we want to deploy to reduce that segment of the 
grammage? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
So firstly, basically, it used to be more than 90%, it is currently a 
little bit less than 90%. Secondly, we are targeting A and B Class 
outlet with Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 per pack. Thirdly, we are trying the 
higher packs of Namkeen in the range of Rs. 20, Rs. 40, Rs. 100. 
All these three things, activities put together, we definitely 
intend to bring this closer to 90% level to 75% in next two to three 
years' time. 
 
Priyank Chheda: 
Okay. And the second question is regarding the PLI scheme. So, 
we would be getting that incentives from FY'25. So, I just wanted 
to understand the accounting part of it. Would it be that we will 
be accounting for the full sales and that additional 7.5% would 
directly flow into the EBITDA? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, the PLI scheme is available even from current year and we 
have started recognizing it in our P&L account. That is part of our 
other operating income. The income is recognized on an accrual 
basis. So based on the full year estimate, we recognize for the 
quarter. 
 
Priyank Chheda: 
Okay. So that would be a part of other income or other operating 
income? And what was that income? What was the percentage 
of it? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
For this quarter two, the exact amount is roughly around Rs. 3.6 
crore. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arpit Shah from Stallion 
Asset. Please go ahead. 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 25 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Yes. Just a bit new to your company, just needed a little more 
detail regarding Prataap Snacks. We have gone ahead and 
removed the super-stockists from our distribution layer as well 
as you have done some operational efficiency savings, which you 
have done in the last two years. So, what do those savings 
amount to in terms of basis points. Would it be 100, 150 basis 
points savings in operational efficiency? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes. We have migrated from a 3-tier distribution model to 2-tier 
distribution model, and we have eliminated one layer of super-
stockists. Now we are directly delivering the entire goods to the 
distributor. On account of the direct distribution, we could able 
to save almost 3% to 3.25% on the channel margin front. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
And what kind of operational efficiency you would have accrued 
in the last two years? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, there are a lot of other things which we have done at our 
factory level and at a product level. For example, we have 
changed the recipe to reduce the oil content, that's one. We have 
resized our all packets. So, there was saving on the packaging cost 
and that has also positively impacted the cost of corrugated 
boxes, because we could also reduce the size of corrugated 
boxes. And that has also benefitted us in the transportation costs 
because with the smaller pack size, we could able to transport 
more number of packets in the same truck. We also reduced the 
number of labours in few production processes by automizing 
the things. So, these are few things as an example, what we have 
implemented across all our operations and product level. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
So total, this should accrue I will say, Rs. 15 crore, Rs. 20 crore of 
savings in the next one year? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, if you compare our gross margin pre-COVID and now, so pre-
COVID, the oil price used to remain in the range of Rs. 60 per kg 
to Rs. 65 per kg. And for FY'22, if I take the full year, the average 
oil price was roughly around Rs. 122 per kg. So it was 100% 
inflation in oil price, and in terms of impact on EBITDA margin, it 
was almost 10 percentage points. And if you compare our 
reported number, there was a very small decline in the gross 
margin or at EBITDA level, that was roughly around 1.5%. So, the 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 25 
entire 8.5% has been mitigated through various measures, 
including the direct distribution and other operational 
efficiencies and some amount on account of reduction in the 
grammages, so that has flown in the financials so far. Still there 
is some scope, that is a continuous process which we always 
evaluate, but yes, most of it has already been reflected in our 
bottom line. And that's the reason with the reversal in raw 
material pricing, even the raw material prices, palm oil doesn't 
go to the previous level of Rs. 65. Even if it stays at Rs. 90 or Rs. 
100, we are confident to get to double-digit EBITDA margin. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. Just can you help me with the working capital differential 
in the direct model? And through the super-stockists earlier, 
what were the working capital difference that we require over 
there? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Practically, there is no change in the working capital requirement 
if you simply migrate from a super-stockists model to distributor 
model. There may be some negative impact slightly because 
distributors are relatively smaller in the nature. So, they might 
seek some help from the company on the working capital front. 
But from May onwards, we have shifted to a zero-credit policy. 
So now we are not offering any credit to the distributor. The 
credit is only for the transit time. So, we have significantly 
reduced our receivable days in last seven, eight months. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. And what will the margin difference, let's say, in a small 
packet in a large manner because if I see our small packets is 
close to less than 90% of sales currently and around 10% to 12% 
will be larger packets. So, what will the margin differential in both 
and what kind of driver because that would be a large driver for 
us to drive margins as it gets post FY'24? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So initially, there is no significant difference in the margin profile 
because when you move to bigger pack, you need to offer more 
quantity to the consumers because it has to be more economical 
for a consumer, which motivates him to buy the larger pack. So, 
you have to offer more quantity to the consumer. However, 
there is a saving in the packaging cost and the logistic cost, so 
typically that gets offset. But if your bigger packs contribution 
increases, you can improve your realization over the period and 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 25 
that's how you can have better margin in the bigger pack, but this 
journey takes a little bit time. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. And can you explain me the PLI scheme, which you all have 
got into and you also accrued around Rs. 3.65 crore of PLI 
incentives in Q2 and probably for H1 it is around Rs. 7.9 crore. So, 
what kind of sales base are we taking into the picture and which 
plant is part of the PLI scheme? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, based on the initial applications, the Government of India has 
approved the PLI scheme to certain players. We are one of them. 
We got the approval under the PLI scheme. As per the scheme, 
we'll be getting the performance-linked incentive up to the 
period of FY27. And the PLI incentive is given on the incremental 
sales. So as per the scheme, FY19-20 is a base year and they have 
kept the turnover of FY19-20 as a base year turnover. And 
whatever incremental turnover you get over the base year 
turnover, the entire incremental turnover is eligible for the PLI 
incentive. All the products are eligible as per the scheme, except 
potato chips. Potato chips is not eligible under the scheme. 
However, the entire Avadh sale is also eligible under the scheme. 
So first four years from FY20 to FY25, the rate of incentive is 7%. 
So, 7% of the incremental revenue is entitled as an incentive. For 
FY25-26, the incentive percentage will come down to 6.75%. And 
the base year for FY25-26 will also be moved from FY20 to FY22. 
So for FY26, the base year would be FY22. And for FY27, the rate 
of incentive would be 6% and the base year will be the FY'23 
revenue. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
 
 
On incremental sales? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
On incremental sales, yes. And the base year is fixed. So, every 
year, if you are growing, you can have higher incremental sale 
and you may be entitled for the higher incentive amount. So, 
there are two conditions attached to it. There has to be a 
minimum CAGR of 10% over the base year and the benefit is also 
capped at 13% CAGR. So, if you are growing more than 13%, the 
benefit will be capped at 13%. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. So this Rs. 3.6 crore that you generated, let's say, in this 
quarter, so for that, if I just reverse calculate after 7%, Rs. 51 
crore would be incremental sales on the base number, right? 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 25 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, you may calculate because you have all the details available. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
So, this base sales is all of company sales or some plant specific 
sales? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
No, it is at a company level. So irrespective of any location, any 
plant, any product category, it is at company level. The only thing 
is that chips is not eligible under the scheme. So, sale of potato 
chips is not considered for the benefit. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. So, what kind of incentives you are, let's say, guiding for 
FY23 and FY24? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
We are not guiding the exact amount. But over the period, we 
believe if we are able to grow at the current pace, definitely, we 
should be able to get the benefit in the tune of Rs. 200 crore to 
Rs. 225 crore up to FY27. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Total incentives. Got it. And then you've moved to, let's say, 
directly to distributor, are you having any freight savings because 
you would be directly moving all the products on the depot or 
from the factory to distributor warehouse. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes. Certainly there is a saving. So that 3% saving includes two 
elements. One is the super-stockists margin which we used to 
offer. We could able to save on the super-stockists margin. And 
then other element is the secondary freight. The secondary 
freight is the freight cost from the super-stockists godown to 
distributors godown. Now since we are directly delivering it to 
the distributors' godown, there is no cost of secondary freight. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. So, the ROC ratio you are targeting, about 20%. So don't 
you think it sits on the lower side because, let's say, once we 
move to higher margins, where we had around 3%, 3%, 4%, 
margins around 10% and where our margin goes to 10% EBITDA 
margins, so ROC will be significantly higher, right? Because our 
ROC that you see when the margins were around 6%, 7%, they 
were close to 15% to 16%. So, the only thing is ROC will be 
significantly higher once our margins go higher by 400 basis 
points? 
 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 25 
Sumit Sharma: 
Certainly, there will be a positive movement in ROC, and it will be 
definitely higher than the current level because the incremental 
CapEx, as I mentioned in my earlier comment, with the planned 
CapEx, we can generate revenue of up to around Rs. 2,600 crore 
to Rs. 2,700 crore. So after this planned expansion, we don't think 
we will require a significant expansion in next three years' time. 
So, our incremental CapEx will be lower. And with expansion in 
the bottom line, certainly, we'll get to much better ROC going 
forward. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Because you broadly have three line of items where your margins 
are going higher, one is your distribution channel getting 
rationalized, the second is the PLI scheme where you would be 
doing broadly less than Rs. 15 crore, Rs. 16 crore a year. And the 
third item will be the operational efficiency, which you have 
gained in the last two years or so. So, you would probably have a 
lot of margin levers which are there to pull-up your ROC like. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Certainly. And parallelly, we are also working on the working 
capital management. As you can see, our receivables have 
reduced significantly. So similar kind of things we are also 
working upon inventory and payables. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, just 2 clarifications. I'm 
referring Slide number 7 where you have given the split between 
the various sub-segments. So, I'm more curious that what would 
be the gross margin. If the companies have averaged 28% gross 
margin, which are the segments are above 28% and which are 
lower? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So gross margin I can explain you in a relative manner. In our case 
and generally for the industry, Extruded has the best margin. 
Even in Extruded category, the Shaped Extrusion has relatively 
better margin followed by Random Extrusion, which is Chubule 
in our case and then Pellet. Chips is also average. Namkeen would 
be slightly below average in our case because Namkeen is 
relatively smaller category for us. On a stand-alone basis, 
Namkeen is 11% to 12% for Prataap and including Avadh on a 
consol basis, that is around 15%. 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 17 of 25 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. No, I was more curious because last 2, 3 odd years we have 
been talking to expand our sweet snacks and that will definitely 
add some improvement in margin. But when I look at the 
number, it's still in the range of about 3%, 4%, 5%. So, I mean I'm 
not going back to asking how the margin expansion will happen, 
but just wanted to understand does it make sense to continue 
with a low-margin product and not concentrate on the high-
margin product? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
If you see 2 years of COVID, 2 categories have been badly 
impacted in our case. One is Rings and other is Sweet category 
because these 2 categories are more focused towards small kids. 
So now we are expecting slightly better growth from Sweet 
snacks even there was a severe raw material pressure on the 
Sweet category as well. There are a few key ingredients where 
we have experienced a severe pressure, severe spike in the raw 
material pricing including the sunflower oil, whey protein. So, at 
a current level, sweet margin is almost at par with rest of the 
categories. It's not very significantly different. But yes, with the 
reversal in the raw material pricing even for the sweet category, 
certainly it gives much higher margin than the snacks category. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I agree your point of view. But just 1 honest question that last 3, 
4 years we have been talking to get the improvement. Now at 
least I can see that the rural improvement is within the visibility 
and the sales momentum will pick up. With that, are you fairly 
confident I mean you have been saying that double-digit margin, 
but why it should restrict to double digit when highs of 15%, 16% 
is visible for next 3, 4 years? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
See, initially we have been at a very low margin for last 2, 3, 4 
years where it was close to 6%. So definitely we aspire for 10% 
first, get it to 10% for 1 or 2 years and then definitely we can 
aspire for more. But getting consistent 10% double-digit margin 
for 1, 2, 3 years is more important as of now. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
To add on Amit ji's answer, actually the idea is to get at least 10% 
margin first and then whatever we get more than 10%, we would 
like to invest for the top line growth by way of marketing and 
brand building. So, in last 4, 5 years, we have not spent on brand 
building. So, the time to invest in the brand building since we are 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 18 of 25 
also getting some benefit on the raw material pricing. So, we are 
planning to invest some amount for brand building as Amit ji has 
also mentioned in his previous comment that 1% to 1.5% we 
intend to invest for the brand building, having a brand 
ambassador on board and having some advertisements on the 
TVCs. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second question is on the direct shipment so we said that we 
save the CFA cost. So, what percentage of revenue we get 
through the direct shipment? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
See, almost more than 80% to 90% will come from direct 
shipment as of now. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
 
80% to 90%? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
Yes. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And just last question, Amit. On the 23% growth, what would be 
the volume growth in quarter 2? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
I think largely volume growth, Shirish, like around 2.5% to 3% 
would be the price growth where the price realization has 
improved over the period because of direct distribution and 
some other reason. But yes, the rest entire growth is the volume-
led growth where we have sold more number of packets. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keval Shah from Jeetay 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Sir, first question is that with all the restructuring exercise that 
we have done with our products, does our value proposition still 
stay the same by sort of providing higher quantity than our 
competitors right now? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
To some extent, yes. Not to a great extent because almost 
everyone has dropped their weight. We have also done that. But 
definitely if you talk about one or two top players, we give more 
weight compared to them. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay. And that should still be how it used to be in the past right 
now or it would have sort of narrowed down? 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 19 of 25 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Probably narrowed down a little bit, but that would definitely 
continue going forward also. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay. And that would be the case for the bigger size pack like Rs. 
20, Rs. 30 pack, right? You have the same proposition there as 
well? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
Yes. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Second question was, sir, that our aspiration is to I 
mean I'm talking about 3 to 5 years down the line, is to take the 
small pack segment contribution down from roughly around 
maybe 85%, 90% right now to somewhere around 40% to 50%. 
So that replacement you're expecting it to be done by a Rs. 10 
pack at the same time or are you expecting the bigger size pack 
is contributing more to the revenue over the period of time? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think 40%, 50% number would be quite aggressive. We are 
targeting somewhere close to 75% in 2 to 3 years' time, but 
probably by which time it might go down to 60%. And the major 
change will come from Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 pack of chip and other 
major change will come from the bigger pack of Namkeen, that 
will be the take home purchase. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay. And with the Rs. 20 pack and the bigger part of Namkeen, 
do they sort of contribute higher gross margins than the ones 
that you have might be having right now? Just specifically these 
2 segments. 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think those going forward they will definitely have much better 
margin. 
 
Keval Shah: 
So any rough range if at all you can provide for these from a. 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
I think very difficult to provide now. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay. And sir, you mentioned that with full capacity utilization, 
we have a revenue potential of around Rs. 2,800 crore so that 
includes the J&K facility as well? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
Yes, yes. It is inclusive of that. 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 20 of 25 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay. So, this is inclusive of all the CapEx that we are in process 
right now and sort of considering everything, we should 
potentially be reaching Rs. 2,800 crore on a full utilization, right? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
Right. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay. And sir, the last question was, sir, are we targeting any new 
categories right now? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
No, no new categories as of now. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
We are fairly diversified, and we have presence in almost all the 
categories. Currently the entire focus is on the distribution 
expansion. So, we are going deeper in the existing territories and 
we are also targeting new geographies where we have little 
presence with the J&K facility. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prolin Nandu from Goldfish. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Just want to understand the impact of inflation little bit better. In 
the past instances when, let's say, the raw material basket has 
come down, has the grammage been very sticky and that has not 
gone up? Is that how it works or how soon we have to pass on 
this benefit to the end consumer based on the competitive 
intensity and will it be any different this time around? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think it has worked that way only. Once the grammage has been 
reduced, no one increases the grammages. But if there is steep 
fall in raw material prices, there might be some extensions to 
some extent an increase of the grammages. But I think we can 
assume that the weight will stay at the same level and the margin 
should improve. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Right. So let's say for example even if palm oil were to go back to 
the pre-COVID levels, we can expect the grammage to remain at 
a similar level, right? Is that correct? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
No, no, no. From Rs. 140, Rs. 150 probably it goes to Rs. 60 level, 
then definitely everyone will try to increase some weight. 
 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 21 of 25 
Prolin Nandu: 
Fair. By the way, what is the Q3 run rate of palm oil? You 
mentioned Rs. 126 if I'm not wrong for Q2 on an average Rs. 126 
to Rs. 128. What is the current run rate that we are working with? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
It's difficult to share the average price for the current quarter. I 
can share you the prevailing range because still the fluctuation is 
very high in the palm oil pricing. It came down to Rs. 95, currently 
trending roughly around Rs. 103 and again it varies location to 
location because of difference in the freight cost. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
So if, let's say, ignore the Rs. 95. So if we assume it's at Rs. 105, 
still that's the Rs. 15 to Rs. 20 correction, right, on a sequential 
basis? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
I'm not saying this is going to be the average price for this 
quarter. This is the prevailing price.  
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Okay. Got your point. Sir, the largest point that I wanted to make 
is that this Rs. 5 grammage is something which is very sticky, 
right? And what happened with the Cola company sometime in 
2005, 2006 was that everybody came together and decided we 
don't want to sell that Rs. 5 kind of I mean pack. So is that 
something a possibility where I mean this whole trend of moving 
away from Rs. 5 is slightly more faster than what you are guiding 
or what we are assuming. Can that happen in such an 
environment? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think if you take 1 more COVID kind of cases, probably it has to 
go from Rs. 5 to Rs. 10. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
I hope not. Okay. And so slightly I mean coming back to your point 
on this whole margin thing. So, I see multiple levers to be very 
honest, right? I mean one, you mentioned that grammage little 
bit is sticky, right? That inherently should bring in some margin 
improvement. We have done lot of things in terms of logistics 
and all that meaning 300 bps improvement, packaging things we 
have changed, then also PLI benefit, then we are changing the 
mix as well, right? So, I mean are we slightly under-guiding when 
it comes to the margin improvement and do we want to take it 
first to 2% and then is that a fair point where you can give a better 
guidance in terms of margin improvement? Because I see lots of 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 22 of 25 
levers, right? What am I missing in terms of slightly higher 
improvement in margin trajectory for us? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
We have covered almost everything as far as margin 
improvement is concerned. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Prolin, we are certainly aspiring for higher margin. But at the 
same time, we want to invest for the brand building. As I 
mentioned earlier, we want to invest for brand building. We are 
hoping to invest at least 1% to 1.5%. If we are able to get more 
margin than 10%, certainly we would like to invest. But yes, 
aspirations are much higher, and we don't want to limit ourselves 
at 10% EBITDA margins. Whatever costs reduction measures we 
have taken over the period, that are going to continue and 
certainly those will help us to improve even from 10% level. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure. And just last question on this whole movement away from 
Rs. 5, do we also have adequate products in our basket which will 
help us penetrate the Rs. 10 or above Rs. 10 kind of the counters 
or do we need some other products in our basket to probably 
gain more market share there or do you think our products 
basket is enough and we have enough products to cater to that 
Rs. 10 and above grammage segment? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think we have sufficient range and product available for Rs. 10, 
Rs. 20 market to go into A & B class outlet, Mainly I think it would 
come from Potato Chips and Namkeen. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Patel from 
Equilligence Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Sir, 1 question is on Jammu facility so can you please talk some 
more about the Jammu facility. What kind of investments we are 
doing there? What kind of benefits will we get from the state and 
obviously get covered under the PLI? So, if you can just talk more 
about it. 
 
Amit Kumat: 
So I think first on the investment for that, it would close to 
anywhere between Rs. 90 crore to Rs. 100 crore is the investment 
what we are targeting there. Secondly, it would be the biggest 
capacity after Indore so it will have almost everything other than 
sweet snacks because we don't need Sweet Snacks because 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 23 of 25 
already capacities available in Indore. It will have Potato Chips, 
Extruded snacks, Pellet line and full range of Namkeen. So, there 
are some state benefits also, probably if Sumit can highlight. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, in addition to PLI benefit, there are other schemes for J&K 
state, which is central government scheme and where the 
company is eligible for additional incentive. And the eligible 
investment under that new J&K scheme is investment in the 
plant and machinery. So, whatever you invest in plant and 
machinery, if you get the approval, subject to the approval 
certainly, you are entitled for  the benefit equivalent to 300% of 
your investment in plant and machinery. So, for example if 
someone invests Rs. 50 crore in plant and machinery, the benefit 
would be available equal to Rs. 150 crore over the period of 10 
years from the commencement of production and every year 
10% benefit will be available. So, if I continue with the same 
example Rs. 50 crore investment, the total pool available is Rs. 
150 crore and that Rs. 150 crore is available over the period of 10 
years, Rs. 15 crore every year. So that additional benefit is 
available for the Jammu facility. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Okay. And this would be in addition to the PLI benefit that we are 
getting? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, this is in addition to the PLI benefit. So, company has to apply 
under the scheme, then there is an assessment process and 
subject to that assessment, eligible companies will get the 
approval. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
By when do you think this facility will be started with commercial 
production if you get the approval? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
I think that probably by end of Q1 next year. 
 
Sumit Sharma:  
 
June we are targeting. 
 
Amit Kumat: 
 
 
June we should be able to start. 
 
Kunal Patel:  
Okay. Related question because this would be the second largest 
facility for us so safe to assume that Indore facility will now start 
addressing markets which are more south and west? Is it a safe 
assumption to make? 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 24 of 25 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
We are fairly decentralized in terms of the manufacturing 
facilities. South is anyway catered by our Hyderabad plant and 
Bengaluru plant. We have a facility in Hyderabad for potato chips 
and we have a facility in Bengaluru for Extruded. Namkeen is 
supplied from here because anyway the logistic cost for 
Namkeen is relatively very less. Indore is largely catering to 
Western market and some part of Northern market because 
again we have facilities in North India. We have 1 facility in Hisar 
for Chips and Extruded. We have another facility in Karnal for 
Potato Chips and Pellets. So, J&K facility is essentially to cater to 
newer markets like Punjab, Uttaranchal, Himachal and Jammu & 
Kashmir. Certainly, that will also help us in catering the Hisar and 
some part of Haryana. But that is largely for the market, which 
are currently under penetrated. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Got it, sir. Sir, last question on the sweet snack side. Based out of 
Ahmedabad, I'm still waiting to see your product in the stores 
near me. So, what's stopping you from selling those rights over 
to a neighboring state in Gujarat? So, what are the challenges 
there? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
For Gujarat basically, our main market is through Avadh only, so 
we are targeting now Avadh to distribute our Sweet Snack in 
Gujarat market. Unfortunately, they are not that strong in 
Ahmedabad. They are very strong in Saurashtra area. Hopefully 
by next probably 1 year, you will see our product in sweet snacks 
across complete Ahmedabad. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Okay. And it will be catered through the plant in Indore that we 
have? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes, through the plant in Indore and through our distribution 
from Rajkot. 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Thank you all for joining us on this call today. Enjoy the rest of 
your evening and stay safe. 

 
 Q2 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 25 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Prataap Snacks 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
