mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Arena Space, 10th & 11th Floor, 
Plot No. 20, Jogeshwari Vikhroli Link Road, 
Near Majas Bus Depot, Jogeshwari (East), 
Mumbai - 400060, Maharashtra 
Tet +91 22 6836 7900 
Email enquiries-ma@mahindracom 
www.mahindralogistics.com 
CIN: L63000MH2007PLC173466 
Regd. Office: Mahindra Towers, P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli, Mumbai - 400018 
Igniting Success 9 
 
 
Our Ref: MLLSEC/173/2022 
 
Date: 11 November 2022 
 
To,  
BSE Limited,  
(Security Code: 540768) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
(Symbol: MAHLOG)  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
“G” Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Regulations 30 & 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”)  
 
Ref:   Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated 20 October 2022; and  
Outcome and audio recording of earnings conference call dated 7 November 2022 
 
We refer our intimation dated 20 October 2022 informing the schedule of the earnings conference 
call with several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds on the Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter and half year ended 30 September 2022 held on Monday, 7 November 2022 (“Q2 & H1 
FY23 earnings call”).  
 
The earnings presentation, outcome and audio recording of the Q2 & H1 FY23 earnings call was 
submitted by the Company vide letters dated 4 November 2022 and 7 November 2022, respectively, 
and uploaded on the website of the Company at the weblinks given below.  
 
Further to the above referred letters and in compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Para 
A(15)(b) of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Q2 & H1 FY23 earnings call of the Company held on 
Monday, 7 November 2022.  
 
The transcript includes list of management attendees and the dialogues including but not limited to 
the presentation, the Q&As’, any assents /dissents and open points and is also uploaded on the 
website of the Company at the weblink given below.  
 
Weblinks: 
Earnings Presentation https://mahindralogistics.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/f5f1d5b9-
9d4b-4e99-9711-355b70f7aa09.pdf  
Audio Transcript 
https://mahindralogistics.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/SGP7620221107143594.mp3  
Transcript 
https://mahindralogistics.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/6.-
TranscriptQ2FY23Earningscall.pdf  
 
 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success 0 
 
 
 
 
. 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared/discussed by the Company during the 
earnings conference call. 
 
In compliance with Regulations 30 and 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, this intimation will also be 
uploaded on the website of the Company at https://mahindralogistics.com/investor-information  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
For Mahindra Logistics Limited  
 
 
 
Ruchie Khanna 
Company Secretary 
 
Digitally signed by: 
RUCHIE RAVI 
KHANNA
DN: CN = RUCHIE 
RAVI KHANNA C = 
IN O = PERSONAL
Date: 2022.11.11 
19:08:37 +05'30'
RUCHIE 
RAVI 
KHANNA

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
C II 
0 
L' 
Igniting Success 0 
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2022 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges — BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and the Company website on 7th November 2022 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
                 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
List of Management attendees: 
1. MR. RAMPRAVEEN SWAMINATHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MAHINDRA LOGISTICS LIMITED 
2. MR. YOGESH PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – MAHINDRA 
LOGISTICS LIMITED 
3. MR. SHOGUN JAIN – STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS 
 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mahindra Logistics Limited Q2 and H1 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us from the management, Mr. Rampraveen 
Swaminathan, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Yogesh Patel, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Shogun Jain, Strategic Growth Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shogun Jain. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shogun Jain: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Mahindra Logistics Limited Q2 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Rampraveen Swaminathan, MD and 
CEO, and Mr. Yogesh Patel, CFO of the company. I hope everyone has had a chance to view 
our financial results and investor presentation, which were recently posted on the company's 
website and stock exchanges. We will begin the call with opening remarks from management, 
followed by an open forum for Q&A. 
Before we begin, I'd like to point out that some of the statements made during today's call may 
be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to that effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation that was shared with you earlier. 
I now invite Ram, MD and CEO of Mahindra Logistics Limited to make preliminary remarks. 
Rampraveen S: 
Thank you, Shogun, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your loved ones are being 
well and safe. I trust you all have had a chance to view our presentation and financial results, 
which is available on the stock exchange and our company's website. Pursuant to queries in past 
earnings calls, we have expanded the information provided around our three business segments, 
the 3PL business, network services and mobility, as well as details around MLL standalone and 
subsidiary company performance. 
Before I share any specific comments in our operations, order intake and key corporate 
developments during the quarter, just share a quick update on the external environment and the 
trends in our end markets and businesses. We'll then discuss our financial performance in Q2 
and H1 and FY '23, and our focus areas for the remainder of the year. 
Let me just quickly begin with the external environment in our end market. Leading economic 
indicators just transportation, warehousing and inventory ideally indicate potential performance 
of the overall economy. Q2 FY '23 marked a cool off in key commodity prices, including those 
of base metals and crude oil as against the Q1 FY '23 period, which had a witnessed elevation 
in commodity prices. To curb prevailing inflation, the RBI has adopted a part of aggressive 
policy tightening. In addition, the demand situation has broadly been stable compared to the 
previous quarter, while rural demand remained muted due to inflation's impact on disposable 
income.  

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Input costs, especially those connected to the price of crude oil and palm oil have stabilized after 
a period of increase. Due to the stronger monsoon, the going ahead rural demand is being viewed 
with optimism. We entered Q2 of FY '23 with an optimistic outlook on demand with the advent 
of the festive season and some sector level sales, but demand has remained muted across many 
categories, especially e-commerce. While the sector has seen higher value growths gaining 
momentum in terms of demand, theunderlying volume growth has been lower than anticipated 
or forecasted by our enterprise customers. 
The operating environment remained challenging in Q2 FY '23 from multiple factors. During 
the quarter, as auto demand went up, we witnessed significant shortages in car carriers' supply 
in some parts of the country, which resulted in a tightening of the purchase price and an 
inflationary trend there. Vehicle and driver shortages were also there in some other segments. 
During the quarter, we saw increasing costs related to our frontline workforce and outsourcing 
manpower, which specifically impacted our 3PL contract logistics business. International cross-
border movement continued to see downward pricing corrections, especially for ocean cargo on 
the Asian and European lanes. These factors have an impact on revenue and margin of our 
forwarding business.  
A key announcement or policy shift during the quarter was the announcement of the National 
Logistics Policy. The National Logistics policy aims to promote seamless goods movement, 
while also increasing the competitiveness of Indian industries through better logistics 
infrastructure. While Gati Shakti is focused on creating physical infrastructure, the NLP will 
concentrate on logistics across shipping, storage, inventory, and investments in digital systems 
and processes.  
The NLP is all encompassing from a strategic view across the problems of high cost and low 
efficiency. And by focusing on building a broad interdisciplinary cross sector and multi-
jurisdictional framework, it aims to improve the logistics ecosystem. The policy stated objectives 
are to increase the competitiveness of Indian manufacturing exports and accelerate the nation's 
economic growth by improving logistics infrastructure and reducing the overall cost of logistics. 
The goal then is to build a world-class infrastructure for logistics, which is on par with many 
other countries in the world.  
The NLP thus will aim to cut logistics spending from approximately 14% to 16% of GDP today, 
gradually towards an worldwide average of around 8% of GDP by year 2030. In line with this, 
the value of the Indian logistics market is expected to rise significantly from its current value 
during the next two years. The new ONDC initiative holds exciting prospects for providing more 
open services and infrastructure, especially in the last mile, and we are looking forward to be 
part of the same.  
Let me now move on and talk a little bit about our end markets and of course begin with the 
automotive industry. Since last year, the auto industry has been seeing an uptick in demand with 
more steadily showing encouraging traction. Since demand drivers are still functioning and 
channel filling was observed before the festival season, the longer-term outlook remains 
optimistic. As chip shortages reduce, the ability to fulfill demand has increased across the board. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
And I think across the board inventory has increased leading up to the festival season. As a result 
of rising costs for raw materials, of course, many OEMs have raised their prices.  
There is also a significant addition of new models which are creating a greater pattern of demand 
across the industry, both in terms of SUVs and other passenger vehicles and commercial 
vehicles. Demand in entry-level two-wheelers and PVs continue to remain weak, which has been 
offset by strong urban demand for SUVs. Commercial vehicle retail fell through the seasonality, 
but we expect that to be revived, especially driven by high infrastructure spending and revival 
in freight movement as EV-built movements actually show a very positive trend in terms of 
broad freight carriage.  
The festive season and lower supply chain issues due to chips have resulted in broader 
availability and movement of products as OEMs increase their volumes to fulfill demand.  
The consumer durable industry after robust summer, traditionally experiences some slowing of 
activity in this quarter due to seasonal factors, as well as demand moderation because of higher 
prices and a subsequent reallocation of spending towards other forms of recreation. Margin 
pressure has also been witnessed in the industry as a result of cost-led headwinds and increased 
competitive intensity. Our leading brands and distribution channels are still hopeful that the 
festive season will see a strong return to healthy demand, sales of durables on Amazon's Great 
Indian Festival and Flipkart's Big Billion Days have seen an uptick. However, demand for entry-
level products has remained weak as inflation has had an impact. The demand for lighting 
products has not been significantly impacted and the industry continues to see robust off-take. 
The broad softness has persisted in the last few months and we estimate this to continue.  
Moving on to the e-commerce industry. The e-commerce industry growth has been fueled by 
multiple factors, including better logistics, higher level of awareness, greater technology driven 
platforms, increased online shopping offers and a broader level of digital adoption post-COVID. 
During the last few years, online adoption has dramatically risen, and this trend is predicted to 
continue. The expansion of the industry directly impacts companies that specialize in providing 
logistics services for e-commerce.  
Now, many of the e-commerce companies are turning towards increased outsourcing as a way 
to rapidly expand network and accelerate order fulfillment. While our broad long-term macros 
are positive, demand has been subdued in  the festive peaks earlier in the quarter. And volume 
has only shown moderate growth with continuing pricing pressures. The significant expansions 
in the past few years have added a lot of network capacity, and now the emphasis has shifted 
more towards consolidation, especially among marketplaces.  
Moving on to mobility, the enterprise mobility segment is showing its peak in demand due to 
increased work from office policy, and therefore we have seen a 20% to 30% uptick in trip levels. 
However, working from home remains the norm for night shift operations, which are a 
significant use case for enterprise transportation, and that has impacted the scale and the speed 
of the recovery. However, we remain committed to expanding in the segment to a focus on 
service quality, safety, and optimizing our journey towards electrification. The frequency of 
business travelers and personal travel in India has increased dramatically in the recent past as 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
we return to a post-COVID environment. Overall, we have seen this flow into a moderate growth 
in the enterprise part of our mobility business and a 40% to 45% growth in airport transportation-
driven services by Meru.  
If I sum this all up, I think across the quarter, we are in the midst of a strong auto recovery. The 
farm environment is stable and demand patterns across other markets are varying with the short-
term signs which have been more muted. The operating environment and the supply of the cost 
has been impacted by inflationary trends in parts of the transportation sector and rising frontline 
and operating costs.  
If you look at our business, our 3PL and network services businesses continue to see growth in 
volume in the first half of the year and the quarter just gone by. During the quarter, the 3PL 
business grew by 32% on a year-on-year basis and for the first half it grew by 35% driven by 
strong performance in auto and continued growth in our existing operating sites. We continue to 
see  volume growth and demand for integrated solutions over the past few quarters. The farm 
sector continues to do well. Positive atmosphere prevails as the Kharif harvest approaches and 
commodity prices remain stable and we are optimistic about growing performance there.  
Within the supply chain businesses, or the 3PL business specifically, the M&M business grew 
by 47%. The robust drivers especially in the auto side of the business. The non-M&M SCM 
business grew by 12% driven by continued growth in e-commerce, consumer, and other markets. 
In the second quarter, compared to last year, last year was an exceptionally strong second quarter 
driven by a recovery from the second wave of the pandemic. And this year it's been more muted, 
right? And therefore, if you look at H1 growth year-on-year, the non-M&M businesses for the 
first half of the year grew by approximately 20%.  
The share of solutions and warehousing grew 15% year-on-year. Sequentially compared to Q1 
of FY '23, we saw growth in 3PL volumes as well as growth in our network services businesses. 
Freight forwarding, last mile delivery and B2B express grew by 18% on consolidated revenues 
in the quarter. The freight-forwarding business growth has slowed down because of pricing 
correction, but underlying volume growth remains robust and positive.  
Before I talk about consolidated financial performance, I'd like to spend a few minutes to also 
talk about recent corporate developments, and as well as the performance of our subsidiaries. So 
let me just begin with the acquisition of the part truck load or express business of Rivigo. We 
recently entered into a business transfer agreement with Rivigo Services Private Limited and its 
promoters on September 26th, 2022 to acquire the B2B express business of Rivigo including all 
rights, titles, beneficial ownership and interest thereof on a slum sale basis. The scope of the 
transaction also includes the complete technology stacks and the right to usage of the Rivigo 
brand.  
Rivigo founder in 2014 pioneered the relay trucking model that relies heavily on strong 
technology and technological capabilities. The acquisition builds strength in our company's B2B 
express business by leveraging and utilizing Rivigo's large network of 250 plus processing 
centers and branches, covering an area of more than 1.5 million square feet, and more 
importantly, actively leveraging the strong technology capability. We believe that there are 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
strong synergies across network team and customer service. The Rivigo's operations network 
covers more than 19,000 zip codes across India and it provides a significant opportunity for us 
to collectively grow the business.  
Over the last few years, the Rivigo Part Truckload business has had challenges, And those 
especially got accelerated during COVID period. Despite the fluctuating revenue levels, we 
believe the quality of the services remain very strong and the underlying network and technology 
architecture is top quartile. The revenue generated by the Rivigo Express business in FY '22 was 
INR 371 crores. The Express business EBITDA is currently negative, largely driven by the 
operating cost structure. We have well-defined plans to drive synergy and combination of the 
businesses and focus around cost optimization in several areas. We are confident the company 
will begin to generate positive EBITDA in the next few quarters. And of course, we will share 
progress of that along the way.  
During the quarter, we also incorporated wholly-owned subsidiaries. V-link Freight Services 
Private Limited in Mumbai, was established in September. The company has an authorized share 
capital of  INR 5 crores, and INR 1 crore in paid-up capital. VFSPL will engage in cross-border 
logistics, supply chain management, freight forwarding, and air charter businesses, for our 
customers in India and across and outside.  
Let me also quickly talk about some of the other important subsidiaries. Meru, the mobility 
business of Meru, as you all know, has been focused on B2C and airport movement across five 
major cities in India. While the segment was impacted by COVID and over the last few years 
by varying demand and supply patterns, since the acquisition, the operating rigor and the focus 
on cost control have started showing results with increased levels of synergy at an operating 
level between the medium and allied businesses.  
Consequent to that, in the first half of the year, revenue was INR 44.6 crores as compared to 
INR 23.9 crores in H1 FY '22, a significant growth level. Profit after taxes, our losses at the PAT 
level have narrowed down to INR 4.2 crores in H1 FY '23 compared to a loss of INR 10.8 crores 
in the first half of FY '22. So significant reduction in our losses as we drive those synergies and 
cost optimizations.  
Whizzard, which is a last mile delivery business which we invested in earlier this year, has been 
scaling up its operations as well. The revenue for H1 FY '23 was INR 62.4 crores as compared 
to INR 52 crores in H1 of FY '22. We continue to make investments or support investments in 
that business to expand the offerings around micro-fulfillment and B2C and also invest in 
expanding the network and the technology infrastructure of the company. As a result of those 
investments, the company continues to have an impact of that.  
PAT losses for H1 FY '23 were up marginally from INR 1.9 crores in H1 FY '22 to a loss of INR 
2.8 crores in H1 FY '23.  
2x2 logistics, the assetised car business has been seeing disruptions for some time now. Over 
the last year, we have, due to retro fitment and rebuild reasons, had a substantial amount of the 
fleet off-road. We have started to complete retro fitment for several parts of the fleet and 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
operations have resumed. At the end of the quarter, more than two-thirds of the fleet had been 
redeployed in operations. We continue to make that investment to complete the retro fitment and 
redeployment of the assets. Overall, the car-carrying industry is seeing a rather positive outlook 
in terms of demand, and we believe on completion of the rebuild of the retro fitment, the business 
will be well positioned to show a strong recovery in revenue and earnings. For the quarter gone 
by, the business has made a loss of INR 1.1 crores in Q2 FY '23, which is marginally better than 
a loss of INR 1.2 crores in Q2 FY '22. 
Let me now share consolidated financial performance for the quarter. Revenue for Q2 FY '23 
increased by 28% on a year-on-year basis to INR 1,326 crores. Sequentially, compared to the 
first quarter of FY '20, revenue increased by 11%. Supply chain management, including our 3PL 
and Network Services businesses, contributed 95% of overall revenue and the mobility business 
has contributed 5% of overall revenue. 
Gross margin at a fully consolidated basis stood at 9.7% in Q2 FY '23 compared to 9.8% in Q2 
FY '22. Gross margin was impacted favorably by volumes and underlying cost movements. It 
was impacted unfavorably due to 2 x 2 operations, a drop in margins of the forwarding business 
and an increased shift in terms of production towards full truck load transportation in our 3PL 
business. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 70.9 crores up INR 49.2 cores in Q2 of FY '22. PBT 
on a fully consolidated basis, is up 18% from INR 7.7 crores in the prior year's Q2 to INR 16.7 
crores in Q2 FY '23.  
Our PAT was up by 145% to INR 11.3 crores in the quarter. These are on a consolidated basis 
prior to consolidation of Meru and the share of Whizzard PATgrew by 15% year-on-year from 
INR 9.3 crores to INR 14 crores.  
The proportion of revenue from the Mahindra Group comprised 53% in Q2 FY '23. 
Let me share few more details around the segment level performance. Revenue from supply 
chain, increased from INR 978 crores to INR 1,263 crores, up by 29%.  
The mobility segment grew by 15% to a quarterly revenue level of INR 62.8 crores. Our SCM 
revenue has seen an uptick growth across our 3PL business and continued growth in our network 
services businesses. Our revenue from the Mahindra Group Supply Chain businesses grew from 
INR 483 crores to INR 708 crores in Q2 FY '23. 
Our non M&M SCM businesses, which include the 3PL and network services businesses grew 
from around INR 495 crores in Q2 FY '22 to INR 555 crores in Q2 FY ‘23. Our warehousing 
and value-added businesses for the non-M&M SCM business, grew from INR 201 crores to INR 
223 crores, registering a growth of 11%. Share of warehousing and value-added services in non 
M&M SCM businesses has reached 40.2%. As we move forward, we remain committed to our 
long-term focus on growth that consistently laid out our vision for the business, which is a 
combination of strengthening and expanding our core 3PL business, our diversifying in service 
lines around freight forwarding, B2B Express and last mile delivery, 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
And remaining focused on that and diversify the market which across automotive e-commerce 
consumer durables, pharma and other segments. We do also remain focused on enhancing capital 
efficiency. The focus is on operating costs and increasing the productivity of our business. As 
we keep investing in some of our newer businesses, we see an impact of that from a margin 
perspective, but those businesses we remain confident will turn around in the coming quarters. 
As we see the increased scale the margin expansionshould  accelerate the earnings of the 
company. In the short term, we anticipate increased demand from our existing accounts despite 
softer demand and growth in our global forwarding business. And we remain focused on cost 
reductions and continue to invest in technology to drive differentiation for our customers and 
value for our customers. With this, I will open the floor for questions and answers  
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Spark Capital. Please go ahead.  
Mukesh Saraf: 
First question is on the Express business in our Network Services, you see that Y-o-Y, obviously, 
the gross margins have declined significantly. It was 0.8% positive last year same time, and now 
it's negative while revenue growth has been about 18%. Could you give some kind of sense on 
what has led to the margins declining? Because for peers, the B2B Express business, they're 
around the mid-teens margins. 
While if our sale is still lower, could you give some kind of outlook there? Also in relation to 
this, in terms of the fleet, in terms of the shopping centers, do we have dedicated fleet separately 
for this business and sorting centers as well? Are we able to kind of utilize the existing fleet and 
sorting centers for this business? 
Rampraveen S: 
Mukesh, I think the Express business, from an operating model, we run a collection of hubs 
serving around 8,000 pin codes directly and a set of external pin codes across the country From 
MLL perspective , those hubs are serviced through scheduled line halls,  which operate between 
them. So these are vehicles dedicated to that business,  
We don't own the vehicles. This is a network that operates on a time-to-time basis, and therefore, 
we are dedicated to that end of the business. Obviously, what has changed on margins year-on-
year is that we are in the process of expanding the network, and scaling that up. And therefore, 
through the quarter, we have added new locations and geographies to serve them. And just the 
scale up, typically in the Express business, we are investing in the network. We're investing in 
network ahead of the demand because customers come up after you have an operating offering. 
And I think we, therefore, look at most of the express businesses through the scale-up period. 
They do have a reinvestment cycle. At the same time, I think it's certain to note that if you look 
at the Express business, at a quarterly level, while we have seen a swing in margins. If you 
compare H1 versus H2, we've seen the margins have improved. So that's just an additional data 
point. Of course, as we complete the Rivigo acquisition, we will drive the integration of our 
existing Express business and that business together.  
As you know, that's more strategically driven by the drive to build scale and the back of strong 
operating systems and expanding network and create technology. And therefore, I think the 
combination of these businesses will obviously, I think, allow us to change the slope of not only 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
the expansion of the network, but also the movement of margins. We do expect that in the 
medium-term margins will be similar to comms from the market. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
And this continues, I mean, we are at a INR 200 crore annual run rate here for the Express 
business. And Rivigo is about INR  370 crores business that we have acquired. So are we looking 
at the INR 600 crore kind of a number on an annual number sometime next year? 
Rampraveen S: 
No. So Mukesh, we are actually at around last 12 months, we had INR 170 crores to INR 180 
crore revenue. H1 is actually INR 97 crores. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
So annual is INR 200 crores is what I was looking at. 
Rampraveen S: 
So roughly INR 200 crores. So let me just deal with last year numbers, INR 180 plus INR 370 
adding up to around INR 550 crores for the last financial year. 
 
And we are looking at a fairly strong growth there. But the immediate and the short-term focus 
is to drive very strong service quality, ensure that we protect yield and optimise cost. Because I 
think if you look at this is -- I mean, there a integration cost, we can actually lose customers in 
this industry as well. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
My second question, again on the network services, we've also kind of highlighted the Last Mile 
number there. And so just wondering, this Last Mile is a dedicated service that we provide, aside 
of the Last Mile we might be doing as a part of our SCM Integrated service. So this is just a 
dedicated Last Mile service that we provide? 
Rampraveen S: 
Yes, so this part of the business the last mile gets sold as a service, right. So this is not anything 
we do an integrated solution level that normally will get rolled up under the 3PL part of the 
business. Delivery stations, delivery associates and electric EV cargo based delivery services. 
The network, is across all 120 cities in the country. This also, if I may add, excludes revenues 
of Whizzard. 
Whizzard revenues are not consolidated, combining as you have seen Whizzard around INR 62 
crores in the first half of the year. And so we combine both of those, the total last-mile delivery 
business would probably be around -- the total magnitude of that would be around INR 160 
crores on an H1 basis, growing at roughly at 20%, 25% level. Our own Last Mile delivery 
business grew 55% last quarter as we penetrated some newer segments like groceries and so on. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
We have given indicators -- I mean, the gross margins for various segments. Could you give an 
indicator of gross margin between say Mahindra and non-Mahindra and say, transportation is 
what value. And it would just be helpful to understand how the mix changes, because we're 
seeing a strong growth in automobile and Mahindra is doing very well. And I think transportation 
also is into that. So some things might help. 
Rampraveen S: 
I think as we mentioned in prior earnings calls as well Mukesh, we don't differentiate from a 
Mahindra versus non-Mahindra account. The margin profiles are driven more by the kind of 
service on it. The Mahindra business is largely full truck load transportation and network, with 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
cross docks and all levels in the supply chain. As opposed to non-Mahindra businesses, which 
has a larger share of warehousing solutions, upto around 40% of business. 
So it's a bit unfair to actually do them from a comparitive perspective. What I can say, as we 
have said earlier on, is there are transportation businesses, and we have gross margin on the high 
single-digit level. And our warehousing and solutions business generally have something in the 
mid-teens. That's roughly what carries the weightage of the margins. 
Now, a couple of things I do want to add here, which I think would be relevant is one, obviously, 
we've seen, as I mentioned in my opening comments, a fairly significant inflationary impact 
from a car carrier perspective. Our car carrier shortages have been significant. That has had a 
trailing impact on margins in the second quarter. And it will probably flow through a little bit in 
the third quarter. But we expect that to get rebalanced as our partners add new capacity in the 
coming months and so that's one thing. And of course, we do with the Mahindra business operate 
through a fair amount through a combination of management fees i.e service fee on basis of 
savings. That's the level of savings in the second quarter has been impacted, but that's something, 
again, which we believe will catch up to the rest of the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damodaran from Acuitas Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Damodaran: 
Yes. Firstly, thanks for the better disclosures you have come out with this time. So a few 
questions around that. I mean, firstly, among between the network services business, on the 3PL 
business. So what is the customer overlap between the three businesses: 3PL, Freight 
Forwarding, Express and Last Mile? And a related question to that is, what is the internal 
management structure to sort of ensure that there is sufficient management bandwidth that can 
be given to all these different businesses, given that you have dedicated competitors in each 
segment and there will be different metrics, and you are a challenger. So I just want to hear your 
thoughts on that. 
Rampraveen S: 
So it's a great question, Damodaran, and thank you for that.. So I think this is from a customer 
overlap perspective, I think from a customer count perspective, there's probably 25% to 30% 
overlap across customers., We do cross-sell upsell to our clients across the Board. What I think 
differentiates these businesses is that we are customers of these services and what drives value 
creation in use. 
So in the network services businesses, a lot of times, the customers just buy the plain, the basic 
service itself. There is not -- it's not a multiservice integrated solution. It's normally a customer 
who wants to move across countries, right, wants to move packages across geographies by 
surface. Or wants to do Last Mile deliveries in a specific part of the city or in a specific state. So 
we tend to buy services on a service level basis and don't buy a bouquet of integrated offerings, 
right. So the same customer, therefore, buys it very differently at times, and that's why we keep 
them the way they are. 
The second part is how we create value in the 3PL business through the integration, solution 
design, and domain level capability. In the network services business, it's really around having 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
the infrastructure and driving utilization and service quality. And therefore, these businesses are 
kept differently and measured differently because of that. 
Your other question was about management structure. And obviously, the 3PL of each of these 
businesses has an independent or clear P&L owner. And each of those P&L owners is part of 
our company leadership team. And they have individual P&Ls that they have end-to-end 
accountability to drive. 
We have programs inside the company which are enabled on driving synergy, both in terms of 
demand and supply. So for example, the vehicle procurement often happens for a central group, 
which supports all parts of the business. We do work on customer account management across 
multiple service lines. But individually, the businesses have specific P&L managers or leaders, 
and they manage the operations, the demand generation operations, and the service quality of 
the respective business. That answers your question. 
Damodaran: 
The other question that I had was your disclosures on Rivigo. So can you just give some more 
colour on the profitability metrics, I mean, what sort of EBITDA loss is it making right now? 
And what's the plan to sort of turn it profitable? I mean, where will you generate the cost savings 
are the same? 
Rampraveen S: 
I think from the past perspective obviously, Rivigo has always reported numbers on an integrated 
basis between FTL and PTL. And therefore, the blended numbers are not fully reflective, 
Damodaran of the  business carve-out. The way we have done the BTAs, we have specifically  
carved out sections of the business or parts of business which constitute what we would like to 
cover in the transaction. Therefore, the blended earnings are not very reflective. That said, 
obviously today the business is probably at a minus 7% to 8% EBITDA level.. 
Now, what's going to drive that value creation in the business? On the combined business. So, 
first of all, I think Mukesh asked earlier, our combined business is around INR 500 crores, the 
combined expense business will be around INR 550 crores, INR 560 crores. And instead of 
operating two networks, we will synergize network. 
So, increasing higher volume throughput through a combined network is one thing, which is 
going to drive, you know, obviously lower operating cost at a network operating level. The 
second thing is that route optimization and lane optimization across geographies and customer 
bands, our focus is to drive asset utilization or trip utilization across vehicles. And we expect 
that utilization of all the vehicles will improve and drive down cost. 
The third thing of course is that we are looking obviously at higher purchasing leverage at MLL, 
we acquired and buy significantly higher level of FTL transport capacity. And that synergy will 
bring to bear, right, in the combined business and that should give it significant leverage. 
And lastly, the management or the operating structure model, I think, you know, just building 
on what I already commented to Mukesh, Damodaran, is the operator shared services model. 
Individual businesses are responsible for demand, generation, operation, service qualitybut 
overheads are shared across multiple segments, offers for much larger revenue base. And that 
should allow us to optimize the overhead structures for the business. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
So combined to these three or four broad levers, Damodaran is what, along with volume growth, 
right, as we combine go-to-markets, we expect to be able to get the combined business into and 
positive EBITDA in the coming quarter. 
Damodaran: 
Just 1 last question from my side. We saw some working capital deterioration this time around. 
So I mean, could you comment on the level of sustainability of working capital and what's the 
reason for the deterioration? 
Rampraveen S: 
 
So, Damodaran, Yogesh will take that. 
Yogesh Patel: 
Damodaran our working capital days as of end of September was 13 days which is in fact a 
change of two days from what we were earlier when we started this financial year. The main 
reason, I mean, if this is the period of time, usually middle of the year, it kind of balloons up a 
bit given the customers usually, I mean, during the festival season, the payouts towards bonuses, 
etcetera, are higher. 
And there is a little bit of stretch on the day sales outstanding or the receivables per se. So that's 
the primary reason for this two-day delta what you see in working capital deployed in the 
company, which by, you know, as we come towards end of Q3 and then, you know, Q4 is always 
an improving trend from that perspective. But usually this is kind of, I would say, a little bit of 
cyclicity and a middle of the year phenomenon. 
Damodaran: 
Yeah, but if I, even if I look at September to September, it's deteriorated fairly, I mean, It's almost 
half. So even, I mean, these seasonal issues would have impacted last H1 result as well? 
Yogesh Patel: 
No, Damodar, I think if you're looking at an absolute value perspective, absolute value would 
have gone up because of the size of business which has gone up itself, what I was trying to do 
is, you know, trying to explain to you saying that, you know, one is the absolute working capital 
deployed because, we are an asset-light company from that perspective, our predominant 
deployment, in terms of investment in the business is from a working capital perspective and as 
your business volume grows your commensurate deployment of working capital would be 
higher. 
Damodaran: 
Yogesh, I'm just looking at the cash flow generated. I mean, that's INR 30 crores for this half 
year versus INR 97 crores for the last half. I mean, H122. So, I mean, There is a sharp jump in 
trade receivables of around INR 35 crores. If you are saying it is just seasonal, that impact should 
have been there last September. That is where the question is coming from? 
Yogesh Patel: 
So that last September, with last September's quantum of business which we are doing this 
September and I think  if you convert that back to days right so I mean I did come back in the 
beginning itself to say that how does this work you know with receivables and that's the real 
reason itself so I confirm to you that yes that has been a thing and the reason why this is you 
know cyclicity and be sure of that that this would you know rationalize I mean this is the peak 
season as well as you know, customer season both leads to this particular delta. 
Damodaran: 
Sure, so you're saying that, I mean, working capital, you should not expect any sizable movement 
in terms of number of days on an annual basis, this is just even? 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
Yogesh Patel: 
 
That's correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pranay Chatterjee from BCMPL. Please 
go ahead. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
I just had one quick question on the same working capital cash generation. So if I look at the 
free cash generation in H1, 2023, it has been negative and largely because of working capital 
outflow, which Yogesh mentioned, is because of elevated DSOs in the H1 of the year. Right, so 
if I compare versus last year, it's correct that the DSOs when you include accrued sales is 
elevated and then it sort of comes down as the year goes by. But what I also see that your DPOs 
are worsened. 
You were able to leverage your DPOs to a large extent, you know, in the last two, three halves 
but that has normalized right now. Any comment on whether any vendor relationships have 
changed in terms of contractual DPO numbers? Anything that has happened on that front? And 
number two, any comment on free cash generation going ahead? Like should we be able to see 
a positive outflow or due to the new businesses normalizing, should we expect a negative flow 
for our big orders? 
Yogesh Patel: 
Pranay you’re right. So from a number perspective itself, cash generated from operating 
activities for first half has been negative close to INR 25 crore number. And on that, the payables 
piece, I mean I think what I mentioned probably from a, I mean there are two, three things 
happened from a macroeconomic factors, about detail in terms of our operational metrics. One 
is the whole inflationary effect, which has gone through, which has kind of from a vendor 
ecosystem perspective obviously there is a little bit more burn in cash from their perspective as 
they operate.  
While there is no change in terms from our perspective, our, you know, again, you know, just 
either seasonality, so, you know, during this time, even our vendors would expect us to, you 
know, clear this off per se. Second is our share of business towards warehousing and value-
added services has a larger deployment of manpower and rental fees, which again goes ahead of 
the cycle. Some manpower cost does get paid out every month from a calendarized perspective. 
So these couple of things, but from again, as I mentioned in an earlier question from Damodaran 
as well, that if you were to look at our asset-light business, , are the terms what we engage with 
our customers and vendors both combined is factored towards a particular number of days of 
working capital which we steer our business with and they should get back there. But the reasons 
I think are common here from the inflationary or availability aspect of supply, be it on the auto 
car carrier side, which Ram mentioned earlier, and the seasonality, not linked to the festival 
season where the payables also, I mean, does get paid out from that perspective. So these couple 
of things on the payable side 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
My second and last question is more strategic in nature. So over the last couple of years, 
Mahindra Logistics business has shown an increased focus on the network services side of 
things, which all of them are in the investment phase and have limited scale. So right now we 
have the express business which is at about 0% GM. Your last mile is also at 0% GM. Rivigo is 
going to get integrated and your Meru cap is also scaling up at this point of time.  

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
When you discuss at a consolidated level, my question is, do you have a broad firstly revenue 
target and a broad PBT target in mind? So I understand it's going to be very difficult to predict 
bottom line profitability for the next let's say three, four quarters, but at a management level do 
you have targets in mind in terms of look this is what we would like to achieve out of all entities 
once they sort of normalize and especially in terms of cash generation. Do you have any internal 
targets of turning cash profitable, let say next year or two years time, if you could discuss high 
level management targets. 
Rampraveen S: 
So I wouldn't necessarily the cash metrics just seen in the first half or on a continuing metric that 
I think you have to just go and look at back in the recent and past. I think as Yogesh has already 
said, we don't expect the working capital metrics to fundamentally change through this year. 
Seasonal parameters happen, especially as demand patterns move across asset classes.  
But broadly, those should be in play. That said, I think that's a working capital factor. I think 
there is a broader portfolio element here, of course. So as you know, we have been adding more 
detail around for all your benefit. The core 3PL business has also grown quite significantly over 
the last three years, especially in non-M&M share and in non-automotive share as we have built 
strong positions in consumer and e-commerce. And that business from a margin level is also at 
a pre-investment level in terms of margin, as we expanded the warehousing business and try to 
build a much stronger differentiation with technology.  
So it's not like that business has not been a significant focus. Clearly the network services 
business is a very important focus for us. We are investing in it. And there is a scale point at 
which these businesses have an inflection point in terms of earnings. And if you look at our three 
network services businesses, the freight-forwarding business has already been there, right? It's 
either 9 or 10 percentage growth margin level.  
Across quarters, it's been growing and now has achieved scale. And therefore, that's kind of what 
our businesses should look like at scale in the network services piece. The express business is 
an investment curve, and the last mile delivery business also investment curves both organically 
and inorganically. Scale is important in this business, so we do focus on driving that scale up.  
And add it all up, we've always said that we believe that what is critical for us as a company and 
what we think makes us unique is our focus on being a multi-service business and a multi-market 
business. So in the last two years, an automotive was softer; our non-automotive businesses grew 
much faster. Today, as you've seen some impact of softness in some of our non-automotive 
markets, it's automotive which is driving growth, right? And it's this balance across sectors 
which we have continued to invest in, which we think is very important.  
Similarly, balance across service lines is very important. So while we focus on 3PL, sometimes 
3PL will grow faster, but at a mature level, as you get the right scale across these businesses, we 
think the combination of those businesses is what makes more us create value for our 
shareholders as well as for our customers because we can provide integrated solutions.  
Now in terms of targets, I think each business has targets., the 3PL business is a more mature 
business. It has separate cash and profitability targets compared to a network service business. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
But the overall portfolio is headed towards a broader direction, which we have said before as 
well, that we can hope to become a INR 10,000 crores company. That's the aspiration. We put it 
out there fairly in the public world. And we expect that secularly across segments, we should be 
able to continue to grow profit. It'll be to pre-COVID levels. Our pre-COVID level margins have 
been on 2% at a PAT level. And we aspire to be better than that as the portfolio matures over 
the next two years, three years. And most of the network services businesses should look like 
the freight-forward in business, right, at maturity and scale.  
So that's kind of, as you know, we don't give guidance, Pranay, but that's the closest level of 
detail I could probably share with you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Chatterjee. Request you to join the queue for any follow-up as we have several 
participants waiting for their turn. Thank you, the next question is from the line of Sachin Trivedi 
from UTI AMC. Please go ahead.  
Sachin Trivedi: 
Just from one to three-year perspective, again, not looking for margin guidance per se, but the 
warehousing business or the supply chain business that we operate in, how should we think 
about, let's say, if I don't want to go into specific margin number, but what kind of potential that 
this business will have in terms of profitability? Just because we have scaled our non-Mahindra 
warehousing business substantially, but yet to see the results of that number in the numbers 
sense. So just if you can help us understand that side of it, because that's our core of the business 
and if you can help us with that? 
Rampraveen S: 
Sure. So I think if you look at the business, I mean just divide this in to three parts, so if you 
look at the margin when you see them is a consolidation of all three, the drivers of the margins 
are quite different. So if you look at our gross 3PL business, and you see the results, we will see 
that we are a gross margin of around 11% in the second quarter, and that business historically, 
so that's being in that 10% to 11% now, it's probably in the high 10s. We expect to continue to 
focus on driving margin improvement at the 30 to 50 basis points at an annual level. Now we 
not that business because of the Ind AS 116, we have invested or expanding the warehousing 
network. And there has been a flow-through impact because of the AS 116 gets accounted. Most 
of warehousing network services that business.  
If you look at the network services businesses, they are roughly now around 20% of our revenue. 
But those businesses at a segment level are at around 5% gross margin because they are an 
investment car. As I said earlier on, at peak, at scale, those businesses should also be at 10%-
plus in terms of gross margin with lower capital intensity. Because we are not investing in the 
rental of warehouses, etcetera, which we would do in the warehousing part of our business. And 
therefore, that business should be at that level. And so as you look at the going forward margin 
profile, I think the ramp-ups in different segments are different.  
The 3PL business is a business which is more core to us. It's a more established business model. 
And there we expect to continue driven to drive improvement based margin, and accreditation. 
The network businesses are where we are building scale. The growth will also be faster there. 
So there will be two factors, revenue growth will be faster and the higher revenue growth will 
also be driven, will also drive better margin performance. But that's kind of how we drive our 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
two- to three-year view on these businesses in Sachin. And obviously we break those two years 
to three years, views into more specific targets which are there for the individual businesses in 
the short term perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from Phillipcapital India 
Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. So you talked about the network services and growth and our focus of 
being a multi-service business. Just trying to understand within that framework, getting an 
outlook on particularly non-Mahindra 3PL side of a business in terms of our focus on client 
addition and traction with existing customers in terms of get a slightly better growth outlook for 
that kind of a business, how are we looking at that?  
Rampraveen S: 
I think our growth outlook is, as we said earlier on, I think the goal is to grow the non-Mahindra 
businesses, especially the 3PL part of it by 15% to 20% every year, and to grow the overall non-
Mahindra business, including network services, by north of 25%. If you look at this quarter, , 
it's been a bit lower. But if you look at H1 this year, I think combined, we've combined roughly 
at 20% year-on-year growth despite some of the slightly softer trends from the recent months 
around some of our markets. Why I say H1 is important is because last year Q1 was COVID 
impact and Q2 was COVID recovery. 
And therefore, quarter-to-quarter is not as accurate as H1 to H2. So that growth is something 
which we are focused on sustaining. During the quarter, we have continued to add clients. This 
time, we added a little more detail around our segment performance. I did not cover acquisition 
of accounts in my opening comments. But I can share with you that we have continued to expand. 
First we had, we continued to have strong retention rates at a client number level across our 
business. And during the quarter, we have added more accounts. I think given the nature of the 
economy right now and the macros, I think this quarter we saw more additions in the consumer 
and manufacturing business, where we have added work with both, with different manufacturing 
clients, but we've added some contracts in the e-commerce space. I think the space of that has 
come down, has been lower than the past.  
Overall for the quarter, I think we had, you know, quarterly order intake on the non-Mahindra 
side, mostly 3PL of around INR 90 crores to INR 100 crores of newer contracts on an annual 
contract value basis. So that's kind of roughly the run rate we were on in the quarter in terms of 
order intake. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Just to get feedback from the customers when you talk to the new segment, because we are 
seeing good response from consumer, e-commerce or manufacturing, but customers' ability to 
go to 3PL partners, is it becoming more and more aggressive or it is still a slow process and 
people are taking their own time to migrate? How is that response in terms of different verticals 
and to what kind of speed, is it like as anticipated or still we need to do a lot of work to bring 
them on the table. So I just wanted to get that sense and how fast we can see that migration in 
India as a broader opportunity for retail players? 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
Rampraveen S: 
So the auto industry, I think, has always been a higher outsourcing industry in terms of 3PL. I 
think since GST, so I think that's led it. I think e-commerce, has also, as it was scaling up 
networks and volumes, actually used a partner model quite aggressively to drive growth. And I 
think adoption in both those markets is very good. I think consumer durable, FMCG, FMCD, 
pharma and other categories there, I think there, historically obviously those markets have been 
served through CFA models. 
Post GST, I think there has been a significant growth in traction in that space. But it's a very 
distributed network. So companies can continue to move that. They don't very few companies 
are doing a lift and shift of an entire network. In fact, over the last two years with all the 
variabilities of COVID, I think that has placed a challenge on companies in terms of redesigning 
their supply chain network because there are new considerations.  
But I think the trend is fairly, is overall healthy. I mean, our estimates are in India right now, the 
3PL is around 6% of the industry is our estimate. And we think that given the work, the trend 
around formalization, given customers drive towards more integrated solutions and recent policy 
shifts like NLP, we think 3PL will probably become around 10% over the next four years or five 
years. Vikram, I hope that answered your question.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Yes, that was helpful. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Alok Deora: 
My question was more towards Rivigo. I just wanted to understand you had recently put up a 
press release on the delay in the closure of your transaction. So how are we, by when can we 
expect that coming in? And also some color on how much losses are there in that business and 
when we can see a turnaround there? 
Rampraveen S: 
Yes, so I think the Alok, delay in terms of what you listed out was mostly on account of 
procedural delays and procedural factors. Obviously from a governance perspective, we listed 
them out right clearly. We had planned a certain schedule around it, but given there has also 
been a festive season and Diwali and other vacations are coming, there have just been procedural 
delays. 
I think as we stand right now, we probably expect that next within the next couple of weeks we 
will be able to close the transaction subject to all conditions being met from all parties and in all 
various terms being adequately met. I think from a profitability perspective, I think I indicated 
earlier on that the numbers have always been blended. So we don't actually, are not really 
reflective of what we think, what we have estimated right now is that probably on a running rate, 
turn rate level, the business is probably at minus, at a negative 7% to 8% EBITDA.  
And that's what we are hoping. And I think I already talked about the four levers which we are 
focused on to drive and keep a positive EBITDA level, combined both our export business which 
exists today and the business which we buy from the Rivigo Services Private Limited.  
Alok Deora: 
Sure, so overall, when we see Rivigo financials, it's at around 45% to 50% loss. So express 
business, you are saying it's around 7% to 8%. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
Rampraveen S: 
No, I think that's not unfortunately actually that's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is that 
Rivigo RSPL operator on a certain blended model in terms of revenue market and cost structures. 
What we have done is we are essentially buying parts of that business. And the parts of the 
business we are buying right now, right, are at that kind of EBITDA level. As we buy the 
business , we have plans on kind of turns around and restructure. 
Alok Deora: 
Yes. So actually, I was just trying to understand how much losses the express business as out of 
the total because I think they have two businesses. One is the FTL and one is the Express. 
Rampraveen S: 
I think it's hard for me to comment on how very important their numbers are there. I think that's 
probably best for the RSPL management to respond to and kind of award I just would not like 
to answer that. But as I said, we have clarified what we are buying and roughly run rate which 
we will stick to. 
Alok Deora: 
And also, sir, so we are going to pay around INR 225 crores for that business. So how do we see 
the debt moving because I think some bit of debt will also come up for this, right, because the 
operating cash flow might not be entirely sufficient to pay for this. 
Rampraveen S: 
Yes. So I think at this point, obviously, the business will be funded through internal accruals and 
there will be a component of debt, , which is there in the short term. At the same time, I think 
exactly how the overall debt table will work out, we are in the third quarter of the year. And we 
have sustained strong growth this year. So obviously, we have to look at forward view over the 
next 12 to 15 months in terms of working capital requirements, organic capital investments and 
investments in the Rivigo and we'll build a consolidated view of that. Right now, we don't have 
a specific sort of numbers to share. But what I would say a look is directionally yes, there will 
be debt on the table. 
Alok Deora: 
Just last question. So we are having these new businesses coming, which are at losses or lower 
profitability. So for the next year or next couple of years, do we see the margins being at near 
above current levels or slightly lower than these numbers? Any ballpark range we can work with. 
Rampraveen S 
So, what I would say is I think it's every business is a slightly different frequency. So first, I 
think it's 3PLbusiness. I think we cannot share the margins with you on that, and we expect kind 
of it's on a stable basis and have organic kind of margin improvement focus. If you look at within 
the network services businesses, there are three different businesses in three different stages. 
The freight forwarding business Alok is actually at the 10% gross margin level, And just scaling 
that business up. The Express business has been where we are scaling it up now faster through 
the Rivigo acquisition of the business from Rivigo . And the last mile delivery business is a kind 
of breakeven business. And I think these businesses each, but we also have very different growth 
drivers to our portfolio, and they compete with different uses.  
We completed last month in last mile delivery businesses in Express with express companies. 
So I think I won't call a specific number in terms of margin on a blended basis. I do believe that 
we will hold or improve at this stage, our 3PL freight forwarding margins. The other business 
is, , as we build scale, we'll have a multiplier effect from a margin perspective. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP. Please go ahead 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
A few questions for the SCM part of the business, non-M&M, what will be the average tenure 
for a typical contract? 
Rampraveen S: 
For the SCM part of the business, non-M&M, I think it's hard to tell from the numbers. I'd say 
that the warehousing and integrated solutions contracts would probably be three years on 
average, plus on average, if I had to take an average representative number. And I think the 
transportation contracts, depends on how much of network design we have on the FTL side and 
how integrated it is. But those contracts also range between, up to around three years, two to 
three years. If there is a standalone transportation contract, if it's integrated across the board, 
across transportation, warehousing, solutions, it will probably be around three years on average. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
I asked this question, Ram, because many of those contracts signed in that FY '19 levels or 2019 
levels must be coming up for repricing now. So how do you look at the margin profile of those 
contracts, what you were getting in 2019? Are you able to kind of get the same kind of margins? 
Or has it improved, deteriorated because of the competitive scenario? I wanted to kind of get 
some understanding around that. 
Rampraveen S: 
I think if you look at our past, at least on the warehouse and the solutions part, I think you would 
see that that business has grown significantly actually in the last three years. So the substantial 
part of it is not officially coming for re-contracting right now. But that said, I think as the net 
numbers you obviously show are net of any churn which might be there. 
And right now, I think on an apple to apple basis, we are able to by and large hold or even 
improve margins. And what I mean apple to apple is that if your customers do sometimes change 
the scope of the contract, they do change the number of plants covered, number of locations 
involved. So those kind of changes do happen. So it's a very hard thing to perfectly predict, but 
I would say that, if I had to do an apple to apple comparison, we are able to hold margins on 
renewals. 
Abhishek Ghosh:  
Would it be fair to assume that you have productivity gains in the learning curve? 
Rampraveen S: 
Yes, that's why I said we are able to hold or expand margins. How that gets shared, basis 
productivity benefits, how much we share with our clients, etcetra is a very case to case kind of 
issue. But by and large, I think directionally we are focused on maintaining or expanding those 
margins. In fact, I would say the margin discipline is something which on the 3PL part of the 
business we are actively holding, especially in the current environment. And therefore, so if you 
don't meet margin hurdles, we will not probably – sometimes we'll probably not do contracts if 
they're not able to meet margin hurdles, whether they're renewals or new contracts. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
The other thing is you've spoken about this aspiration of this INR 10,000 crores of top line. Is 
there an aspirational margin cash flow ROEs as well, or is it just a top line aspiration? 
Rampraveen S: 
I think at this stage we do have aspiration. As you know, , Abhishek, we don't have an aspiration 
top line without an aspiration bottom line. But as a matter of policy, we don't essentially give 
guidance on that. I think we've shared the top line aspiration to help share with everyone not just 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success ►► 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
a number, but also a staircase to that aspiration and the shape of that revenue in terms of our 
vision of being not just a multi-service business and a multi-market business, which we think is 
very important to give long-term diversification. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
The reason I ask this question is if I just look at your current quarters top line and broadly first 
half top line, and if I just compound it by about 20%, 25% even without Rivigo, you will be 
there at that revenue target. So that is fairly achievable and that is fairly visible when we kind of 
model it. But if I look at your profits from the last peak cycle, what you had seen in FY ‘19 of 
about INR 86 crores of PAT, the trajectory is still a lot weaker. 
So I was just trying to understand from that perspective. Because if I could compound on its 
current level, you're there at that INR 10,000 crores of revenue and with Rivigo I think that 
should be quite easy. But how should we look at that on the PAT basis? So that was the whole 
thing. 
Rampraveen S: 
Abhishek, I think what, as you can see in our more detailed disclosures now, all our businesses 
are not exactly at the same level. Because they are investing in growth, the growth will come 
with the investment. So if we go back to the to our prior peak number. At that time, we were 
almost completely purely a 3PL and enterprise mobility business. There was no network services 
at that time. 
And therefore, today the 3PL business is still in a pretty stable place. The network businesses 
within them it’s a mix of businesses, some of which are getting to the right level of margin, like 
Freight-Forwarding, and others which are investing in it. So as an Asset-Light company, most 
of our investments are actually through the P&L. Because we're expanding networks and 
building networks and we're putting capacity ahead of demand. 
And therefore, one has to, I think, look at the business in terms of peak level across the portfolio. 
And prior comparisons are probably more relevant from the portfolio at that time versus the 
portfolio today. I think two, three years ago, when we said INR 10,000 close and I think everyone 
is asking how we're going to get to our revenue level. So I'm actually appreciative of the fact 
that we will have greater confidence today given the earnings from the last year to do over the 
next three, four years. I think we have similar aspirations from a margin perspective and so on. 
And we believe we are confident in our view that we can deliver that as we build scale. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Rampraveen S: 
Thank you everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
However, if you need any further clarifications or would want to know more about the company, 
please contact our team or SGA Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us for the call. I wish you and your family and colleagues the very 
best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Mahindra Logistics Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
