 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
Corporate Office: 13, Sector-44, Gurugram-122 002, Haryana, India. Ph: + 91 12-4518900 
Registered Office: B-6/20, L.S.C., Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi-110 029, India, Ph: +91-11-40511800 
E-mail: enquiries@sandhar.in, website: www.sandhargroup.com; CIN-L74999DL1987PLC029553  
 
 
Ref: STL/SE/ 2022-23/Investor Call Transcript /58 
 
Dated: 14th November, 2022 
 
To,                                                                                       To, 
Department of Corporate Services                                      Listing Department  
BSE Limited                                                                        National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street                            C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai- 400001                                                                 Bandra, (E), Mumbai- 400051 
 
BSE Code: 541163, NSE: SANDHAR 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor’s Conference Call held for Q2 FY 2022-2023  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with part A of schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated 27th October, 2022 related to the Investor Conference Call and pursuant 
to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(ao) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Investor’s Conference Call held on 11th 
November, 2022 to discuss the financial results for the 2th quarter and half year ended 30th September, 
2022. 
 
The above information will be made available on  the Company’s website  www.sandhargroup.com.   
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Komal Malik 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as above 
 
 
 
 
 
Komal 
Malik
Digitally signed 
by Komal Malik 
Date: 2022.11.14 
16:21:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
“Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
             
                 
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. JAYANT DAVAR - CO-CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. YASHPAL JAIN - CFO 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ABHISHEK JAIN FROM DOLAT CAPITAL 
 
 
                                              
 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call of Sandhar Technologies, hosted by Dolat 
Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note, that this conference is being 
recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain from Dolat 
Capital. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks, Rutuja. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, 
I welcome you all in the second quarter FY23 conference call of 
Sandhar Technologies. From the management side, we have with us, 
Mr. Jayant Davar, Co-Chairman and Managing Director, and Mr. 
Yashpal Jain, CFO of the Company. We thank the management for 
providing us the opportunity to host the call. Now I hand over the call 
to the management for the opening remarks, followed by the question-
and-answer session. Over to you, Jayant Sir. 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you Rituji for putting this together. Good 
morning, everyone. As we sit here today, at this time of the year, 
where the automotive industry is concerned, I think the fear and the 
theme of COVID is no longer being discussed. And as you're all aware, 
the industry seems to be on a very, very solid footing.  
 
Let me break this up in a segment-wise understanding. The cars or 
passenger vehicles, as we call them, you are all aware has a long 
waiting. In fact, the last month has been extremely good and the 
traction seems to continue into the future. In the last couple of months, 
we have broken the all-time records of the pre-COVID year as well. 
So, I think there's good news all around. The only pressure now is to 
build more vehicles and there is a lot of waiting. In some cases, the 
waiting I understand is over one year. So, it is good times ahead. 
 
Where two-wheelers are concerned, this was an area which was 
causing concern to everyone. But from what I understand from FADA 
and from what I understand from the demand full of the OEs in the 
sector, things seem to be in a much better shape than they were a few 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
months ago. So, I think there is positivity even in this segment. This 
segment had been confused in the past on account of several factors. 
One is, if you look at it post the Euro 6 jump, the cost of these vehicles 
had gone up by almost 30% to 35%. And there was obviously a lot of 
resistance, and that needed time to mute out and moderate, so that 
people could get an understanding that this is where the new vehicles 
are going to be in terms of price.  
 
The second aspect obviously was also on account of the powertrain. 
Whether it should be IC engines or electric or whatever other options 
that were being put on the table. I think that also kind of sorted out. 
People who are going the electric route are going the electric route. 
Some of the traditional players that were very large in the IC area have 
also kind of shifted dome and they are saying that they will be 
manufacturing EVs as well. But they will take it gradually and slowly 
and we will then correspondingly look at look at how this entire thing 
has to be handled going forward.  
 
Where commercial vehicles are concerned, there is a little bit of 
volatility, but having said that, the number seems to be going up. 
Tractors, you're all aware are doing well, especially in some of the 
theme makers. Construction equipment, again, is something which has 
been doing well. There is obviously going to be some change in the 
powertrain norms there in terms of Euro transfer from Euro 4 to Euro 
6, but, on an overall summary, I would say that the auto sector right 
now is in a good gear.  
 
There are some factors that are affecting the industry. While 
commodity prices have begun to moderate, and that is a good sign. 
There are however other inflationary costs that continue to benign this 
particular sector. Add to it the fact that the interest rates are going up. 
The inflation numbers are still high, not only in India but around the 
world. There is still a lot of uncertainty on account of the war clouds 
that not only stay but also shower at times between Russia and 
Ukraine. So, there are the geopolitical risks as we said today, but I 
would say where the automotive industry is concerned, a lot of the 
stress and concern factors are in the windshield, and we should be on a 
good way forward.  
 
That were my opening remarks. You have all probably seen the results 
that were declared yesterday. I'm very happy to take questions. And me 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
and Mr. Yashpal Jain, who's here, will try to cover up any 
clarifications that you might have. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead.  
 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning, Mr. Davar. So, I have a few questions. So first 
one is with respect to this quarter, where we saw that you saw top line 
growth while margin didn’t come through. It has in fact gone down to 
almost one seven -- 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Hi, sir. Congrats for a decent set of numbers in a tough time. Sir, my 
first question was regarding the gross margin that is continuous under 
pressure. It is because of the higher revenue from Die Casting and 
Cabin & Fabrication business. And just wanted to understand what 
would be the key tailwind for the margin expenses going ahead?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. Thank you, Abhishek for that question. Very quickly. I think 
that was the question that Resham was also trying to ask. Well, if you 
look at the margin drop, that margin drop is largely on account of the 
new CapEx that has been put. And if you look at it, these are initial 
commissioning and other one-time start expenses of the new projects. 
That being one. The second thing is, that the sale has started and 
revenue has started in some measure from these new projects, but the 
costing still has to be finalized with TVS for that matter. So, while the 
formulas and all have been worked out, that final call is likely to be 
done today or tomorrow and we are hopeful that within this month, we 
should be able to close that factor. So, I would say that there is an 
aberration. And I have Mr. Yashpal Jain, who will explain to you the 
losses that have been incurred on account of these new projects. And if 
it wasn't for these losses, what would the actual gross margin be? Mr. 
Yashpal? 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. So, like we mentioned in presentation also, on a half year basis, 
there has been an additional loss of INR20.25 crore. I mean INR20 
crore on the round side. In terms of losses from the new project, which 
is on account of major significant initial costs that are not part of the 
capitalization. So, if we have to eliminate this then I mean our EBT 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
comes to INR61.71 crore, which is roughly 4.32% of our income, 
which used to be our profit in the past also. So, more or less, we are on 
the track, sir. And in the succeeding quarter, this impact of one-time 
expenses, I mean charging of one-time expenses towards the new 
projects won’t be occurring again. That's how we would like to 
respond to it. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, in second half the expenses won't be in incurred. So, most probably 
that the margin will improve by 200 to 250 bips in the coming year, 
sir? 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Definitely. Reason being because it's a one-time cost. Many quarters, 
what happens is that, the moment you start doing your job work 
activities, internal sampling, the capitalization stops. But the volumes 
actually, they kick up after a certain period of time. So, in between 
there is an expense, but there is no revenue supported by it. So, these 
are those costs.  
 
And largely, we have all the plants commissioned now except the 
Mysore one, which will be coming in the last quarter. So, more or less 
that won't be occurring much cost, reason being the Mysore samples 
are already tested in our Hosur existing facility. That is how it is going 
to enter up.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, sir. And sir, during this first half, we have seen a strong revenue 
growth in the Aluminium Die Casting business. So, just wanted to 
understand what is your plan for this business? And are you looking to 
shift your business from two wheelers to four wheelers and the EVs 
because many companies are getting a lot of the order been in this 
business? So, if you can throw some light over there. 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, because like in first time the Die Casting has performed very well. 
It has even outperformed all other verticals also. We are very bullish, 
like in four wheelers, we are already getting through our Barcelona 
operations. In India also we are in the four-wheeler segment and three-
wheeler segment for die casting. And we see a major scope in this. 
Even, we are working opportunities to work on a cross border basis 
also for die casting products. So, I mean in the coming period of time, 
we are very bullish on our Die Casting business and it definitely will 
see a higher profits and higher volumes in this business.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, what is the current margin in aluminium die casting?  

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Well, aluminum die casting has given us a EBITDA margin of 8.5% in 
the current half year. Reason being, there were some new projects also 
which were commissioned, new lines were commissioned. So, in the 
coming period of time, obviously, it will look cross in double-digit 
EBITDA margins. And with machining, the margins will be even 
more, beyond 11% to 11.5%.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And sir, in a Sheet Metal business, you had a very high target of 
around INR500 crore to INR600 crore for FY23. Once I see the 
number in a presentation, that is showing only INR189 crore kind of 
the numbers in the first half. So, it is included revenue in the other 
business or what? We are not able to understand it. 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
No. Abhishek, thing is that, if you see the SOP dates for various plants 
that we discussed last time also, they have been little bit stretched 
based on the customer's requirements. So, all these Sheet Metal plants 
will be coming into mass production from April’ 23. So, in the current 
financial year, I would say in the current half year there is not much of 
the sales value from the Sheet Metal business. They are actually under 
the testing processes. Three of the plants are in testing processes, one is 
under the construction process. So, the volumes will really start 
picking up from April’ 23. But in the next quarter you will see a major 
footfall in terms of Hosur plant, Nalagarh plant and Halol plant.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, what is your revenue target from the Sheet Metal business for near 
to medium-term, sir? 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, if you ask me for the current half year, we are targeting something 
INR132 crore to INR135 crore from new businesses. When I say 
INR130 crore, it means new businesses, which includes the Halol, 
Hosur and Nalagarh plant, right. We are targeting something around 
INR130 crore. Next year we have plans exceeding INR400 crore from 
these Sheet Metal projects. And this is for existing business, in an 
existing plant which is generating revenue INR150 crore.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, that means the next, in second half FY23, you would be able to get 
a revenue of around INR330 crore, INR340 crore from the Sheet 
Metal? 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
If we include the old one it will be around INR300 crore. 
 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Abhishek Jain: 
Understood. And what kind of the margin can we expect from this 
business, sir?  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
At EBITDA level, we are trying to say up to 9% or 10%.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
10%? 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
And how's the margin in the Cabin & Fabrication business? We have 
seen a very impressive growth in the last couple of years. But on a 
margin front, how is the picking up right now, because the utilization 
level has improved significantly. So, can you give some guidance 
there?  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Fabrication has grown up. Earlier it was hit by the commodity 
increases as you know the price settlements used to take six months 
from the JCB’s. But now gradually, the prices are stabilizing. So, we'll 
be seeing again a good sort of margins in the CFD business, Cabin & 
Fabrication.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, can you give some guidance for the margin in this particular 
segments? 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Roughly we have closed at around 8% EBITDA in this in the first half, 
and we expect to improve it further in the next half.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kumar Gaurav from 
Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Kumar Gaurav: 
Hello. Hi, sir. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Sir, my first 
question is in two business segment, recently, you have launched a 
many extract variants of their existing variant. So, are we benefiting 
from this? I mean, have you seen any increase in share of business 
from Hero?  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Hero’s volumes are more or less they are constant as of now. They are 
launching the models, but the volumes remain to be constant in Hero 
and we are maintaining our share of business in terms of in Sheet 
Metal, as well as in Locks & Mirrors, our Proprietary business, as well 
as Sheet Metal business. So, there has not been any dip or significant 
increase, the reason being Hero is at a constant level. They are 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
launching the products, but it is yet to pick up in the market. So, as and 
when it increases, obviously, our volumes will also go up 
proportionately.  
 
Kumar Gaurav: 
Okay, sir. My second question is in ADC segment. So, could you 
indicate the order win? Any new order win in ADC segments 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Well, in ADC, right now we are getting to all the OEs, which includes 
Honda, TVS, then Hero, Royal Enfield and these are regular orders, I 
would say, because, in addition to that, if you remember, we have got 
one machining business from TVS. That is also a part of the Casting 
business. That will be coming to commercial by Jan’ 23. But the 
volumes are increasing and we are targeting new markets and new 
customers also in four wheelers and commercial vehicles also.  
 
Jayant Davar: 
We have also just received the order from Denso and that is growing. 
So, in all, we are very, very bullish on the ADC business including the 
Casting business and the Machining business. In the Machining 
business, we are moving 35 lines from TVS into our own facility and 
this will become a substantial forerunner for us, not only for what we 
do in India, but also for exports in the future.  
 
Kumar Gaurav: 
Okay sir. And what is our current capacity of utilization in ADC 
segment, sir?  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
well, if you ask me because it depends on part-to-part basis. There 
cannot be an exact number. I mean we have a sufficient capacity 
available in case of surge in the demand. That's what we can say. So, it 
won't be impacted. We would be able to cater to the demand. 
 
Jayant Davar: 
We do not need any major capital expenditure. Whatever increase in 
volumes is likely that we will see, whether with Denso or with other 
businesses, can be managed either within the existing capacity or with 
incremental capacity increase which could be one machine, but it's not 
setting up new plant.  
 
Kumar Gaurav: 
Okay, sir. So, my next question is on Capex and debt side. So, I think 
our H1 capex stood at INR133 crore. So, what is the full year guidance 
for Capex? 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sure. I'll just tell you how the CapEx we will be moving. We have 
working also. So, in that first half year, if you've seen the cash flow 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
statement, we have done a Capex of close to INR133 crore, right. At 
the same time, we have generated cash from operating activities of 
INR106 crore. So, roughly INR23 crore, we have gone for the 
incremental borrowing in the first half. This is how we have managed. 
To complete all our projects, we require to incur an outflow of around 
INR296 crore as of now, as of date, to complete all our major seven or 
eight projects that we have in the pipeline. And we are expecting to 
generate a cash of around INR120 crore in the next half, another 
INR24 crore, we'll be getting a cash subsidy in the month of March 
which has been confirmed by the government of Romania. So, we will 
have our internal approvals of around INR144 crore in the next half 
year against INR296 crore.  
 
So, if we deduct that, INR296 crore minus INR144 crore, our 
incremental borrowing will be INR152 crore. Current borrowing levels 
if I take, it is somewhere around, if I say current borrowings is INR567 
crore, right. So, we will be around INR700 crore because, thing is that 
in the new project, TVS has revised our payment terms from 45 to 15 
days. So, 30 days of working capital benefit we have got. That will 
ease the working capital pressure for other projects also. So, working 
capital, we won't be increasing any limit. We will be managing, in fact, 
we have a target to reduce our working capital utilization by another 
INR20 crore in the next half. So, we'll be landing something around 
INR690 crore to INR700 crore at the end of March’ 23. This is a debt 
we are targeting.  
 
Coming to the next, how we are going to repay? Next year we are 
targeting a cash generation of close of INR200 crore straight away and 
the breakup of this INR700 crore would be around INR300 crore for 
overseas, INR400 crore for domestic in the next year. And out of this 
INR700 crore, INR200 crore roughly will be the working capital. So, 
term-loan remains to be INR500 crore, and we are in a very 
comfortable position to pay at least INR200 crore in the next 
succeeding financial year.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from 
DSP Investment Managers. Please go ahead.  
 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi. So, Sir, overall, I think on the balance sheet side Capex and 
growth, you did mention about it. But philosophically, if you can 
explain, because the last two years, we saw a lot of challenges at the 
industry level, but I think things are coming back. But going forward, I 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
think as of today, if I look at your debt-to-EBITDA ratios and all, it has 
been probably might be at the peak of your Capex cycle. But going 
forward, how should one think about the overall debt levels which 
company is comfortable with? And out of the total Capex which you 
have done till now, let's say over next two years, what kind of revenue 
and EBITDA you can generate out of it? If you can just explain more 
from the trajectory perspective. I'm not asking for any specific 
numbers, but just from the trajectory. 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Sure. So, Resham, like to address your question, in terms of debt, as I 
explained some time back, we are targeting total debt of around 
INR700 crore at the end of the current Financial Year, right, which 
may be around INR200 crore of working capital which keeps on 
fluctuating depending on the business. INR500 crore of term loan. And 
the debt mix would be around INR300 crore overseas and INR400 
crore, India.  
 
Overseas, we are paying a borrowing rate in the band of 1.6% to 
3.25%. So, this is the kind of interest that we'll be spending. So 
average rate comes to around 2%, 2.5% for the overseas borrowing. 
Another INR400 crore, out of INR400 crore, we have INR100 crore of 
working capital, INR300 crore would be our term loan debt. Next year, 
with a new project coming and with our existing business, INR200 
crore of cash we can easily generate. I am just giving a very practical 
response to that. So, we will be leaving with a term loan of around 
INR100 crore and another INR100 crore of the working capital. So, 
this is how we plan to manage our debt and that will be a very 
reasonable level for us to manage, because although overseas, maybe 
something around INR270 crore to INR300 crore, but the outflow in 
terms of interest would be very, very minimal amount. Even if we take 
a higher rate of 3%, 3.5%, it won't go beyond that. This is one thing.  
 
Secondly, once all the projects are coming to the mass production, that 
we expect from April ’23, because it takes time to get sample tested, 
TAVs by the customer and all other models. We expect, barring the 
machining business, because it is on a job work basis. So, you can't see 
a bigger turnover. But in the case of Sheet Metal and Romania, 
together we expect a turnover of in the first year itself, something 
around INR500 crore. And Machining, we are targeting as per the 
customer estimate, it can be around INR77 crore. This is the type of 
revenue that we are looking in the coming financial year from the new 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
projects, other things remaining equal. No major incidents happening 
in the economy or geopolitical conditions.  
 
Resham Jain: 
Sir, what kind of debt-to-EBITA, you will be comfortable with going 
forward? That was my question? Because I'm specifically asking this 
because what has happened is that last five years, we have seen all 
kinds of events in the industry. And it might be, I don't know, it may 
be prudent to have a right level of debt. But so, I was just asking from 
that perspective that will be comfortable level for you guys.  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. So I'll answer in a way like debt we are comfortable as I 
responded, and we have a very structured plan to pay off the debt. 
Secondly, as far as margins are concerned, if you see our figures, there 
has been a one-time cost of INR5 crore on account of Romania 
because job work has started over here. There are licenses costs etc. 
So, total INR20 crore of losses have been pulled up on account of a 
new projects, but if you take the EBITDA count for overseas, it is 
around 14%, with a net profit margin of double-digits. I mean, 5%, 
5.5% of net profit margin overseas. So that kind of margin will 
continue even in the Romania business. This is one set of answer for 
the margins. 
 
Secondly, for the Machining businesses, we are in a place, having a 
contract with the clear content with the customer of 8% margin on the 
total turnover value. And EBITDA is roughly, will be, I mean 
fluctuating. From day one, it will be about double digits. As far as 
Sheet Metal is concerned, we are targeting a 10% of EBITDA in the 
first year for the new projects.  
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Okay. Got it.  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, if you average out all these businesses models, because Machining 
you will see a lesser or sales figure, but at the same time, we have a 
confirmed interest and depreciate of INR21 crore. So, the value goes 
INR100 crore. The percent might come down but if the value remains 
INR50 crore, then 21 divided by 50, you will see a very high level of 
EBITDA. That’at all. On an average basis, we will be surely in a 
double-digit EBITDA in the next year on. We have taken many steps 
to integrate our operations also and to rationalize our costs also. That 
impact will come over a period of time, in another six, seven months of 
time.  
 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from 
Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. As there is no response from the line, 
we'll move to the next question which is from the line of Arjun Khanna 
from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sir, thank you for taking my question. Just on the lines of the question 
of the earlier participant. If we look at the business, obviously, we've 
phased through a number of difficult circumstances. We seem to be 
pretty confident of the future but we don't know what may come 
through. So, in light of this, if we look at our debt levels, it seems to be 
on the higher side. So, how do you characterize our business prospects 
going forward in terms of CapEx, etc.? Would you wait to see the 
income flowing from this side, pay down debt before we undertake 
further CapEx, because we seem to be into a number of lines of 
business at this point of time in the automotive space?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Arjun, thank you for that question. Well, we are, let me just say, we are 
very conscious of the projects that were taken up. But there are two 
things that I want to bring in line. One is that all the new businesses 
that have been set up or the investments that are going right now, 
which will conclude within this financial year, are all meted out 
their100% capacity utilization. So, these are not businesses which will 
mature over a period of time. These are businesses that have been 
taken, as soon as we are ready, the entire lines are going to be 
consumed. So, these businesses will start growing our margins from 
day one, which are positive margins. Typically, when you set up a new 
plant and you grow capacities from 10% to 20% or 50%, there is that 
lag that happens. Fortunately for us all these new investments are fully 
mature investments that will throw out money from day one. So that's 
your answer number one.  
 
From the debt perspective, like we said, our margins had dropped on 
account of like I mentioned right in the beginning because of one-time 
initial commissioning costs and other startup expenses. And also, the 
fact that when these plants are set up, you would appreciate that two or 
three months do pay for the customer to, like Mr. Yashpal said, for 
QAVs and for quality establishment. So those losses at the rate of 
about INR20 crore happened in the last quarter, the results of which 
you're seeing, which have dropped our margins. But I think going 
forward, as we mature, as these units come into full line maturity and 
production, which is happening, going to happen very quickly, we will 
take care of that.  

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
As also, Yashpalji said, that we will generate close to about INR200 
crore of free cash flow that will go into debt repayment in the next year 
itself. So, next year, our domestic debt will be, we will be left with 
about INR100 crore of term loan and about INR100 crore of working 
capital, which I think is extremely, extremely manageable and under 
control by the organization. So, that's what I want to leave you with in 
terms of debt. So, we are quite comfortable with how we are managing 
debt. But you see, the opportunities that came during COVID was 
something that we did not want to leave by. And these are going to 
show great results for us going forward.  
 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. And on the lines of business, so essentially, we seem to have a 
position across components. We seem to be more horizontally inclined, 
by having small amount of revenues from a number of components, 
apart from our historical Proprietary products, where we actually have 
a higher say locks, etc. Just wanted your thoughts on that.  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, let me talk about our segment diversification in that sense, Arjun.  
We already dominate the wallet share of the products that are 
manufactured by us, especially in the two-wheelers segment. So, if you 
look at our locks, we are the largest lock producer. If you look at 
mirror, we are the largest mirror producer. If you look at our Sheet 
Metal stools, we are the largest in the world. If you look at our Cabin 
business, we are the most diversified in the entire country. So, it leaves 
us with less options than for us to look at diversification in other areas 
to grow our wallet share. And that's what we've been doing. 
 
But corresponding to your last question and this one, I am very happy 
to say that from our perspective, at our given snapshot time, we see no 
further investments for a considerable period of time going forward. 
So, we have no more CapEx’s that are in line to be spent in the next 
year, for example. So, and therefore, we look at debt to be paid off 
very, very quickly before we move into any other segments. So, for the 
moment, that diversification is kind of complete.  
 
In our existing lines of business also, we have made investments to 
upgrade our technologies, smart technologies, for example. If you look 
at our smart locks, for where we've already got the orders for some of 
the major customers, and some of them should be coming in shortly, 
this will deliver us a five times stake on the revenue that comes from 
our traditional locks. So, and that is going to become active starting 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
next year Financial Year’ 24. So, you will see and all of those 
investments are already in place. So, I don't see any further capital 
investment of a large degree coming in the year next, and we will pay 
down the debt that we have taken so far in the subsequent years.  
 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. Sir, my final question is, in the first quarter conference call, you 
spoke on how on the third quarter you will decide on JVs going ahead 
in terms of which JVs to take a look at where we want to scale up and 
otherwise. How has been the journey till now because since inception, 
we haven't quite seen? 
 
Jayant Davar: 
I'm glad you asked this question, Arjun. I'm glad you asked this 
question. So, our Helmet business which goes under the name of 
Sandhat Amkin, it has witnessed the turnaround. It's become EBITDA 
positive on an overall basis, but also on a monthly basis has become 
PAT positive. So that's a very happy news for you to see. We will see 
on an annual basis in March ’23, we will be positive on a PAT basis 
for the entire year as well. So that's on the helmet business.  
Winnercom-Sandhar and Sandhar-Hanshin are already PAT positive as 
we speak, with both registering sales of over INR35 crore each. 
Sandhar Hanshin Technologies registered a sale of INR27 crore and 
has already so far been PAT positive to the tune of INR 1 crore and 
these numbers will grow very, very quickly from here on. So this is in 
regards to four. 
 
Sandar Whetron is EBITDA positive, and we expect the business to 
grow in ’23-’24. In the case of Jinyoung-Sandhar, where our half year 
registered sale is INR24 crore here, and in the case of Kwangsung, 
while the margins have become EBITDA positive, the foreign 
exchange fluctuations have kind of hit us. And therefore, we expect 
those. So, what we have done is, we've reached out to our JV partners, 
and suggested that some of the imports that happen in these particular 
JVs should be converted to Korean local currency or KRW instead of 
U.S. dollar, where we believe that the fluctuations are minimal 
compared to the volatility in the U.S. dollar. We are expecting positive 
responses there. And therefore, I'm very, very happy to say that where 
the joint ventures were eating away a lot of money, that will not be the 
case going forward.  
 
Arjun KhannaL 
Sure. So, do we project a breakeven in the overall, in terms of run rate 
for fourth quarter? Should we see no negative drag? Is that the right 
understanding?  

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, in all the other cases, like I mentioned Sandhar Amkin, 
Winnercom-Sandhar, Sandhar-Hanshin, Han Sung, Whetron, it will all 
be neutral or better. Where these two cases are concerned, it depends 
largely on the exchange rate fluctuations and we'll have to see. But for 
a large part, I would say from an operational level, all of them are now 
positive.  
 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. And how much further CapEx we would need apart from the last 
funding for these JV project? 
 
Jayant Davar: 
We are not looking at any more CapEx in these joint ventures.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from 
Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, every company i quite aggressive in EVs right now. So, what is 
your plan to expand your business in the EV segment? How much is 
the current order book with you, and what all products are going to 
introduce in? 
 
Jayant Davar: 
I think in the presentation, it's already been marked on the EV 
segments that we are getting into. So, one is the EV segments that 
we've already started supplying with our present rate or present 
portfolio of components. And then, there are some that are specifically 
being designed for the EV industry. And if you look at what are the 
new products that have already been developed so far, which are 
compatible are the electronic steering column lock, the foldable keys, 
the Tire Pressure Monitoring System, USBs, deterrent, foldable, 
mirrors, keyless smart locks, ambient air pressure sensors, as CDF, 
mobile holders, Mirror will turn these are all that are in the supply 
mode right now.  
 
But if I go forward and these are being now supplied to Ather, 
Ampere, to Bigos, to TVS, to Matter, to Buma Innovative, to Revolt, to 
Electric, so, these are the customers that are being targeted. Also three-
wheelers and four-wheelers are Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Ace are 
all being supplied with our consistent range.  
 
The next line of components that are specific for EVs, which is the hub 
motor, we are proto ready now. Our performance validation should be 
completed by February of ‘23. And we expect the ICAT approval to 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
happen in July of ’23. The mid drive motor, again, proto is done. We 
expect ICAT approval by April ‘23. The motor controller, we expect 
proto readiness in the next month and again, we are expecting that by 
March, April of ’23, these will also be ICAT approved. DC Controller, 
this is something that has been working on since November of 2022. 
We expect that in a month or two we will get ICAT approval. EV 
Charger, we expect ICAT approval by May ’23. The battery 
management system which we are working on, has for the moment 
being put on hold, and we expect ICAT approval to be given on the 
February of ‘24 and ICAT approval also in the same month. So, that is 
the overall context and summary of what we are doing in the EV stage.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, what revenue you targeting from FY’23 especially from the EV 
segment from existing products, as well as the new products? 
 
Jayant Davar: 
I did think we gave this number at the last scenario.  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, Abhishek, if you ask EV from overseas operations, like we are 
expecting a turnover of INR400 crore. So, it's all supplying to the four-
wheeler segment, which includes EVs and non-EVs, both, right. And 
another 2% to 3% our domestic is going for the EV companies. That’s 
how it is placed.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. Thanks sir. So, my next question is related with your 
contributions from the two-wheeler space, is still is a very high of 
57%, 58% and the passenger vehicles and CVs is only 40%. So, what 
is your plan to move from two- wheelers to four wheelers to winning 
new business, especially in the aluminium die casting or an in other 
business any other business like locking system and any other system?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, Abhishek, to be honest with you, we don't have a very strong 
work in place where we say that we will only take four-wheeler orders 
and we will not take two-wheeler orders. And therefore, and because 
we've been in this space, like I said, smart locks will probably 
quadruple the revenue in locks over a period of time because the value 
of each lock is that much higher. Now, obviously, if it goes to two-
wheelers, that revenue will continue to grow. Die Casting, again is 
something that happens both for two-wheelers, as well as four-
wheelers. And obviously, one cannot differentiate.  
 
So, I'm not saying that there is a drastic change that is changing in the 
portfolio of two-wheelers versus four-wheelers versus construction 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
equipment or of highway equipment. All I'm saying is that we are 
following with orders that come our way through any of these 
segments, but our intent is to grow on the value add of each one of 
them, and margins on each one of them. Every business that we take, 
should have a very adequate level of profitability for us to grow. We 
are not too taken in by our dependence on two-wheelers or four-
wheelers at this point of time.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, in particular, Aluminium Die Casting business, many companies 
are winning new business in the EV segment from the exports. So, like 
the battery housing and motor housing and all. So, are you looking to 
gain those business? If you can throw some more light over there?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, Abhishek, I'm very happy to say and I think Yashpal Ji has 
referred to it, that with the onset of our Machining business, now, this 
would mean like I said, 35 lines, 300 new machines that will be used in 
these two segments. Most of the exports that happen from India happen 
in a machined form. And you have seen some of the companies that 
they carry huge, big multiple of their valuation that goes towards the 
machine parts. So, while we were machining earlier, but this new 
facility will take us to a new level, which will open doors for exports in 
a big way, where the value add is much, much higher. So, we are now 
very keen and very happy that this business will start on a full-fledged 
basis and you will see the results of it in the next quarter. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, what is your current proportion of the machining in total revenue 
and how much it is expected to increase and how this will get the 
benefit in the margin?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, like I said, like Yashpal ji also said, the new business that we've 
taken for machining, we are taking only on a job work basis, so that we 
don't get saddled down with working capital. And just the machining 
business, which is on job work basis has been calculated in the first 
year to be worth INR77 crore and a margin of something like INR21 
crore to INR22 crore on an EBITDA basis that has been agreed upon. 
Those are the numbers. But obviously, it will open many, many doors 
for us to be able to grow not only from a company that does casting 
and basic machining, to very deep precision machining that we will be 
doing in the future. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, sir. And sir, in a locking system, what is the current proportion 
of the keyless locking revenue. 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Jayant Davar: 
I think it's about 20%. 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
20% is the locking revenue share of the total business. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
And how much is the keyless or smart locking system revenue?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Well at this point of time smart locks are still to start. We are starting I 
think in this next quarter with some EVs, but our major line will come 
from Suzuki that begins in ’24, where the manual and the other 
business put together over a period of two and a half years is about 
INR500 crore odd.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, are you not supplying any components and iQube? TVS iQube?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
We are supplying to iQube, but those are normal locks. Those are not 
smart locks. Those are what we call four in one locks. So nobody 
started using smart locks as yet. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And what is the difference in the content per vehicle in the 
locking system, smart lock versus the normal lock?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Traditional lock could be anywhere between INR350 to INR450 and a 
Smart Lock begins at INR2,000. Actually, a new order that we got 
which is for Honda scooters, which is the new model, the new 
motorcycle which is being launched now, the 100 CC motorcycle 
which is being launched from Bangalore, which is going to be their 
mass production and we are sole suppliers for that particular product. 
That will begin from next financial year as well. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And sir, in locking system, you are only supplying to the Honda 
cars in the four-wheeler segment. Are we looking to get business from 
the other players?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
We have already got business from Tatas. And we are also now very 
close to closing with two others the names, which obviously I can't 
announce right now.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
And this would be very high margin business because of the change in 
the mix? 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes.  

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. Sir, my last question is your revenue guidance for FY23 and ‘24 
and what is your margin guidance for the FY23??  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. So, for the current year, we are expecting to close something 
around 24% above on the last day year’s figures. March ‘22, you can 
take a 24% up to settle something between 2,800 between 2,900 in the 
current year, right. So that's one the sales basis, that is the target. And 
next year with a new project coming, another we are targeting a 30% 
jump on the total volume.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, there will be 30% jump on the volume side… 
 
Jayant Davar: 
In the value in the next year.  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Next year, with the revenues from the new project adding up to our 
existing business.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
But next year, the Sheet Metal prices will correct because of the fall in 
this metal prices. So, will it impact? 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
That time is to see how the old trend goes in the next year, whether 
downward or upward. 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, but that will not have a significant base because all our business is 
new. So, values are building from new businesses, not from the price 
of the componentry that much. And then we'll go up even higher in the 
value.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. Great. And what is your margin targets for FY23. 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Obviously, we target for FY24, we target a double-digit. FY23 is still 
like, as I said, INR20 crore of the initial losses. We have that pressure. 
So, we are expecting to close something on a good note of around 9% 
at the EBITDA level. It can go up also depending on the fourth quarter 
performance.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, you are talking about the extraordinary expenses of the INR20 
crore. Is it incurred in first half? 
 
Yashpal Jain:  
Yes. It has incurred in the first half. So, on an annual basis, in any case, 
it's going to hit the P&L account, even if I analyze. This INR20 crore 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
will always remain. Part of it may be recovered, but some cost is a 
cost, that is the initial setup when we set up the plan, the licenses and 
all other things the initial sampling and testing costs, QAV costs that 
incurred. Those are one-time costs. So, there was pressure with the 
new project, like Mysore again will be coming into picture in fourth 
quarter. So, this pressure will continue for the new projects. That's why 
I said as April ‘24 or ‘23 onwards, we will streamline in the business 
with all these activities being finished.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, all these costs have gone in the other expenditure or in a RM cost.  
 
Jayant Davar: 
We take it in P&L.  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
It goes in P&L in the appropriate head. So, material cost, that will go 
to the material cost. If it is a job work expense, it will go in the job 
work expense. It is going in the proper head as per the accounting.  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, in gross margins, in RM expense, how much was the one off 
expenses in this quarter?  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Regarding? Can you come back? 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, in RM cost, how much were the one-off in this quarter?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
One-off in the RM? You mean, what is the impact of RM?  
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. So, the RM cost has gone up significantly. Is there any one-time 
expenses which you had taken in this?  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. Okay, I think that's about 4% or so if I remember. 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. 
 
Jayant Davar: 
It's about 4%.  
 
Yashpal Jain: 
It’s 4%. Initial cost. It has one-off. Because initially, we need to build 
up some component, supply of inventory, testing. So that’ all. So, 
around 4% impact is there. Barring that, there is no other negative 
impact. 
 

 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, 
with that, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments.  
 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, thank you once again, to all the participants today and all the 
questions. We are excited about the future, like I said, the next quarter 
and very, very excited about the next year where we believe that we 
would have stabilized as an organization with no extraordinary kind of 
CapExes and a streamlining of our operations. We are also quite 
bullish on the macro stage of India. And we believe, that we will be 
able to take full benefit or whatever is coming for all of us to see here 
and absorb. With that, once again, a big thank you. I wish you all a 
very Happy New Year and God bless. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect the lines.  
 
 
