 
 
 
Date: November14, 2022 
To 
The Secretary  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Stock Code: DIVISLAB 
To 
The Secretary  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
 
Stock Code: 532488 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
 
Sub:     Transcript of earnings conference call held on November 07, 2022  
 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015  
 
We hereby submit the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half year 
ended on September 30, 2022, held on November 07, 2022 at 14.00 Hrs IST. The transcript is 
also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.divislabs.com, under Investors 
Relations section.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
M. Satish Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
SATISH 
CHOUDHURY 
MEKA
Digitally signed by 
SATISH CHOUDHURY 
MEKA 
Date: 2022.11.14 16:33:05 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Divi’s Laboratories Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. MURALI K. DIVI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, DIVI’S 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MS. NILIMA PRASAD DIVI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
COMMERCIAL, DIVI’S LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. L. KISHORE BABU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, DIVI’S 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESA PERUMALLU – GENERAL MANAGER, 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS, DIVI’S LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. SATISH CHOUDHURY - COMPANY SECRETARY AND CHIEF 
INVESTOR RELATIONS OFFICER, DIVI'S LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited for Q2 FY23. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. M. Satish 
Choudhury. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Good afternoon to all of you. I am M. Satish Choudhury - Company Secretary and 
Chief Investor Relations Officer of Divi’s Laboratories Limited. I welcome you all to 
the Earnings Call of the company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2022. 
From Divi’s Labs we have with us today, Dr. Murali K. Divi – Managing Director; 
Ms. Nilima Prasad Divi – Whole-time Director, Commercial; Mr. L. Kishore Babu - 
Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Venkatesa Perumallu – General Manager, Finance and 
Accounts. 
During the day, our board has approved audited financial results for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2022, and we have released the same to the stock 
exchanges as well as updated the same in our website. Please note that this conference 
call is being recorded and a transcript of the same will be made available on the website 
of the company. Please also note that the audio of the conference call is a copyright 
material of Divi’s Laboratories Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or 
attributed in press or media without the specific and written consent of the company. 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call our discussion will include 
certain forward-looking statements which are predictions, projections or other 
estimates about future events. These estimates reflect management’s current 
expectations of future performance of the company. Please note that these estimates 
involve several risks and uncertainties and that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from what is expressed or implied. Divi’s Labs or its officials does not 
undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement whether as 
a result of future event or otherwise. Now I handover the conference to Dr. Murali K. 
Divi - Managing Director for opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Thank you Satish for introduction. Thank you everyone for joining us for our Q2 and 
half year Financial Year 23 Results Conference Call. I hope that all of you, your family 
and friends are in good health and keeping safe. We have gradually acquainted 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
ourselves to adjusting to the new normal and yet, at Divi’s, we are vigilant about the 
continued existence of pandemic and are having the safety protocol in place. Now, I 
would like to give an operational overview. 
During the current quarter, we continue to witness normal operations across our 
manufacturing units. We continue to monitor and be aware of the extremely volatile 
global market scenario in terms of geopolitical uncertainties, confined mobility in 
China due to widening COVID spread, energy crisis in Europe and global inflation and 
have set up various strategies to ensure uninterrupted supply, despite the headwinds.  
Adding on to the progress over previous quarter's update, we have filed multiple DMFs 
for our generic APIs in several of the regulated markets. Our contrast media APIs had 
been filed in several countries and are in qualification stage at our customers. Two of 
the contrast media APIs are being produced exclusively for the Innovators where all 
qualification works are in process. Our Custom Synthesis business has seen very 
positive progress where we believe a few of our customers NCE’s will cross phase-III 
and closer to launch in the coming times. 
Divi’s continue to manage our operations responsibly and create a positive impact 
around the communities we operate. We have undertaken several CSR and 
sustainability initiatives during the quarter. Some of the CSR initiatives include 
developing the infrastructure of the communities around our manufacturing units 
benefiting nearly 75,000 people. As a part of child empowerment initiatives, we 
continue to provide child nourishment and stationary supply in government schools 
benefiting approximately 24,000 students.  
With that, I would like to handover to Ms. Nilima to share some operational and 
financial highlights of the quarter. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Dear ladies and gentlemen, a very good afternoon to all of you and thank you very 
much for joining us today to discuss the results for the second quarter FY23. I hope 
that each one of you along with your friends and family are in good health. 
On operational front, during the quarter we had minimal to no disruption to customer 
shipments and are operating with a commitment to fulfill all our customer requirements 
in time. The global logistics scenario has improved, and we have witnessed receiving 
sea and air freight costs during the quarter. However, minor disruptions coming from 
issues like manpower shortages continued and we are being cautious about the inbound 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
and outbound logistics management, keep our operations smooth and meet our 
customer commitments.  
Raw material procurement and availability issues are slightly stabilized and prices for 
some raw materials marginally reduced compared to previous quarter, while for a few 
continues to increase. Prices of some base metals such as Lithium and Iodine have 
multiplied several times since last year and we anticipate this trend to persist. Some 
solvents like Toluene continued to increase. Energy cost continued to be high, and we 
are taking steps to mitigate the impact of the same on our operations.  
Our critical supplier base is growing, and we have enough inventories to meet these 
difficulties. Our team is also carefully monitoring everyday developments across the 
globe, considering the geopolitical tensions, China’s zero COVID policy and 
escalating energy prices, to prevent any delays in customer shipments and ensure a 
stable supply chain. We continue to geographically diversify our supply base to 
mitigate geopolitical risks. 
Moving on, I shall now take you through the key financial parameters of the quarter 
Q2 FY23. We have achieved a consolidated total revenue of Rs. 1,935 crores for the 
quarter as against a revenue of Rs. 2,007 crores for the corresponding previous quarter. 
PBT for the quarter amounted to Rs. 615 crores and PAT of Rs. 494 crores.  
For the half year period, we have consolidated revenue of Rs. 4,278 crores and the 
profit after tax of Rs. 1,196 crores. Our EBIDTA margin for the quarter accounted to 
36% and 38.5% for half year.  
Exports for the quarter accounted to 87%. Exports to US and Europe accounted for 
68% of our revenue for the quarter and 71% for the half year period. Product mix for 
generics to customs synthesis is 57% and 43% respectively for the quarter and 52% to 
48% for half year. We have Forex gain of Rs. 31 crores for the quarter and again of 
Rs. 87 crores for the half year. As we have lower sales during the quarter and due to 
the change in the product mix, our constant currency growth for the quarter has been 
negative at 13% for the quarter, while it has been negative at 2% for half year. Our 
Nutraceutical business amounted to Rs. 163 crore for the quarter and Rs. 350 crores 
for half year.  
We have capitalized assets of Rs. 89 crores during the quarter and Rs. 200 crores for 
half year. Capital work in progress is about Rs. 542 crores as at the end of the quarter. 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
As of 30th September, we have cash on books of Rs. 3,336 crores, receivables of Rs. 
1,840 crores and inventories of Rs. 2,970 crores. Thank you. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you ma'am. We request the moderator to open the lines for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Prakash Agarwal from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
My question relates to some outlook on the Custom Synthesis business as I understand 
given that the share is lower and hence the gross margin is kind of little muted, if you 
could highlight that. And some outlook for the second half and next financial year 
please? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Actually, in fact, our Custom Synthesis business looked very optimistic and probably 
much better than any given time. There have been several opportunities we received 
in the last 6 months where we think… and these opportunities are mainly in phase 2, 
phase 3; and hopefully in the near future, we will see good results from those products. 
When you say the big opportunity we had on the fast-track projects, it completely 
depends on whether COVID on the rise or not. The volumes cannot be fixed on year-
on-year, but are dynamic where demand would be very high or very low. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And would there be any qualitative guidance on the gross margin and EBITDA margin 
going forward, given there has been some volatility? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think the margin, if you look at material consumption, it remains the same 36% 
compared with previous quarters and yes, there were pressures on the raw material 
prices and there were pressures on generic price of API, increasing logistics costs, yes 
this have impacted, but we had slowly energy cost went up very high 2x to 4x and we 
are trying to work on each of these to see how to become less dependent on them. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So, in summary, can we assume that this quarter margin is new normal and then it starts 
picking up as and when the Customs Synthesis business picks up again? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
If you recall in 19-20, we used to have a run rate of total income of Rs. 1,100 crores to 
Rs. 1,400 crores with a profit after tax of around 24% to 25%.  And as we have started 
taking up several of the expansion plans, it went up to Rs. 1,700 crores in the Q1 2020-
2021 with slightly upper margins of 28% and 2021-2022 with the fast-track projects, 
it went to Rs. 1,900 crores to the highest of Rs. 2,543 crores, yes with a better margin 
of 31% and 37% being the highest. And I think in the immediate quarters 1 or 2, we 
will be facing probably the same, but going forward with these new opportunities in 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
the phase 3 and with several opportunities from the big pharmas what we got in 
multiples of times opportunities, we should be able to see a quite a big growth. It will 
take about 4 to 6 quarters before they can yield totally, the qualifications, the secondary 
site being the formulation qualification, then I think the commercial volumes will start. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Carvalho from JM 
Financials. Please go ahead. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Sir, I just want to understand if we look at the topline of Rs. 1,854 crores for this 
quarter, should we consider this as a base and from here onwards it will grow or is 
there any kind of shipment delays that has happened or shipment deferrals which has 
happened for the next quarter in this, any color on this, especially on the generic side 
that you can explain? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
First, I think we have been always saying that we should not be looked at as on quarter-
on-quarter basis. It is very difficult, either in the generic or in the Custom Synthesis to 
look at quarter-on-quarter basis. We have not left any opportunities and as I have 
mentioned that in the coming quarters, few of the Custom Synthesis projects which are 
on a fast-track, they should start doing well and also the fast-track project which we 
had, we do not know how the customer is looking at it and it all depends on the 
pandemic and the strategies. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
And sir, if we have to understand our new generic launches, you are mentioning to a 
lot of DMF filings, when should we expect these launches from a timeline perspective? 
Would second half the part of it or it will be largely from our FY24 perspective, we 
should start looking at it? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The patent expiry on these new molecules where we submitted drug master file, the 
expiry itself will start from 23 to 25 depending upon which one and so we should start 
looking at 24 onwards, we should look at the opportunities. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
So, sir, if we are looking at the generic business this quarter almost around Rs. 870 
crores level and it is showing some bit of growth for us, given the contribution breakup 
that we have shared, so how should we look at this portion in the second half and 
overcome 3 to 4 years including all these possibilities and new launches? You think 
that the volumes should continue to grow, or you still see some bit of volume or a 
demand aspect still stagnant at this point in time? 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Post COVID, the other regular therapeutic segments are growing, and we see 
everything to be either normal or growing in the generics. I am going with the 
therapeutic segments. When COVID was severe, all the other therapeutic segments 
because of the hygiene and nose masks and less communicable, so whereas now 
everything is open and there is again demand for anti-infective, anti-arthritic, anti-
allergic and pain killers, so I think we see a possibility for the improvement in the 
generic industry. Especially cough and cold medicine which I think is getting more in 
demand as the cold season has just started, this is on year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter 
basis, you know it goes down in summer and again fall and in winter it goes up. That 
is a seasonal variation, but I am talking about before COVID and after COVID. I think 
we are reaching a situation soon on therapeutic segment's demand going up prior to 
COVID whatever we had I think we will reach that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of 
America. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sir, on the comment that you made that a couple of your customers who have products 
in phase 3, we will start seeing contribution from those in 4 to 6 quarters, so is it fair 
to assume that the Custom Synthesis improvement will probably come through in 
FY25 probably? And this is the base that of the Custom Synthesis business we should 
work with till then? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
As I said we have never seen so many opportunities in the Custom Synthesis, earlier 
we use to get them in the very early on phase 1 and phase 2. Now, we are also seeing 
not only we have many opportunities in phase 1 and phase 2, but we also have couple 
of fast-track phase 3 projects which we think will start yielding in 24. That is not the 
case usually. Usually, you enter in a phase 1, phase 2, travel through 2-3 years, then it 
will take 1 more year for launch, then you see. But during COVID most of the 
companies concentrated on anti-COVID drugs, everybody. So, now once this demand 
has gone down, they started looking at the next immediate requirement so they looked 
at their own pipeline and they found some good compounds who were worth launching 
billions of dollars-worth, so they have started pushing them. This is where I think the 
fast-track projects which we took and executed in 1 year, making 100s of tons, it is the 
benchmark in the industry. Nobody from a NCE gram process had delivered, validated, 
delivered 100s of tons in a year. This is the first time in the history in the API industry. 
So, Divi’s has put the benchmark that it can be done in 1 year. That is why I am 
confident based on again this is all, I think to the best of our knowledge and also 
looking at them finally getting clearance, the regulatory clearance or regulatory hurdle, 
but we are quite optimistic at this moment. 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sir, from your comment, it is fair to assume that post the fast-track project that we 
executed last year, we are seeing more enquiries for such phase 3 projects which are 
near phase 3 increasing, so that pipeline is probably becoming much larger that it was 
pre-COVID? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
As I said nothing like seeing the benchmark, seeing the execution, the word spreads, 
its is a very small community of 10-15 companies, who did this project to X and who 
did that project to Y. Naturally, I think if somebody needs volumes and quick 
execution, I think they are looking at us as one of them who can execute and bring the 
product on to the table. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And sir, an update on the Kakinada CAPEX? What have we seen there, has there been 
any progress? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
This time, same as of last time. There is not much movement from the Government 
and we are still waiting for the clearance. 
Neha Manpuria: 
So, there have been no change in the…. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
No change. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And last one more if I may squeeze in, what is the utilization in the current quarter? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Around 80%-83%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just going back to custom synthesis and what has happened quarter-on-quarter 1Q 
versus 2Q, just doing rough rounding up numbers, Rs. 1,200 crores have gone to about 
Rs. 800 crores, we are aware sir that you had this fast-track project, COVID related, 
but does that explain all the change quarter-on-quarter for this second quarter? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I don’t think we should be looked at as quarter-on-quarter. It is more I think in generics, 
it can be looked at, if at all. Whereas in the customs synthesis contract manufacturing, 
I think we should not be looking at it from quarter-on-quarter. I think, sometimes it can 
lump up based on the delivery, based on the cold container availability, I think more 
to do on the availability of the containers, refrigerated containers. 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
You think maybe it is not a demand issue, sorry I am trying to interpret your point here 
sir, so it could be because of delays and that is the earlier participant also has asked, 
are there any delay because of unavailability of say, cold container that led to 
lumpiness in the business? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
No, it is not the lumpiness on the business, it is not having raw material, it is not having 
business. It is mainly I think some cold container availability and probably in most of 
the projects, some of the projects probably are getting cleared on the certificate of 
analysis. It took little, longer time for them. It has nothing to do with our regular 
business in the custom synthesis other than the fast-track project. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Sir, anything you can quantify there as how much of that could be booked in the 
upcoming quarters, any quantum, I am not looking exact core number because that Q-
o-Q is a big slip, right and can’t be just explained just by fast-track going to 0 which 
you have flagged already last quarter, so we are aware of that, but the quantum is where 
there is some surprise? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
But nobody asked me when, because of the fast-track project, it went to Rs. 2,500 
crores. Nobody asked me why it went up? Is it only the fast-track project or is it some 
other custom synthesis projects? I think it is very difficult to explain on quarter-on-
quarter basis, but I can tell you that 2023 and 2024 is going to be a year where we will 
have a lot of opportunities in custom synthesis happening. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Second question is on the generic API & nutraceuticals, so generic API on a low base 
I think we have grown but if I do like a 1- or 2-year CAGR, it seems to be still flat, so 
if you can talk about industry either price volume dynamics, in the past you have 
mentioned that we are not losing volume share, but we have seen pricing pressure, so 
if you can update us in what has happened in quarter 2, sir? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Here I think it has nothing to do with the losing any business from our side. The price 
pressures still are there. You know the two big pharmas who are our competitors, I 
think for them, it is not very far from, at least one of them going to be what we hear is 
that they may be leaving. In such a case, probably we will have a large chunk shifting 
to our side as we already expanded, and we have plans to expand further. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Sir, my first question is on the Custom Synthesis, people have already asked before, 
but for the new projects, where you are expecting some fast-track in 4 to 6 quarters? 
What could be the size of these opportunities, is it comparable to what we have done 
with the COVID products or is it going to be different? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
We believe it is not for COVID. I think I have mentioned that because pre-COVID 
they were developed and I think the COVID took over and only the COVID drugs were 
promoted, now I think these drugs are not of COVID. And how big is the dream, I am 
not dreaming, the dreamer is the big pharma, so we think they are quite big compounds. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
You think it is a big compound and sir, so these are not emergency used authorization 
type of products, these are more of a regular NDA approval, right? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I cannot comment on that. The reason is that I think several of the…., if I say little bit 
you will be able to guess what they are, then the big pharma will come after me. And 
I don’t think I will lose business, but I will lose my faith of maintaining the 
confidentiality. Till now, the credibility has been that we maintained the highest 
confidentiality, we don’t even talk about the contract being existing, we don’t even 
talk about with which customer what. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
No worries sir and you site for the generic API business, the opportunities from patent 
expiration from 2023 to 2025, I am just a little curious because every year $15 to $20 
billion worth of drugs lose patent protection and it is not going to make you different 
for those 3 years, so you should be having these as an ongoing opportunity rather than 
for those 3 specific years, so if you can just talk about that? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think we have never disclosed, we said that 23 to 25 there is $20 billion expiry of the 
patent and we were developing processes, we have completed that, we have filed few 
drug master files and we are in the process of filing the remaining; and soon some of 
the qualifications by the customers will be completed and as the patents expire, they 
will be able to launch and we will be able to continue supplying the API. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Sir, with your permission, let me ask just one final question, it is on the sartan 
opportunity, so if you can just share what is the update over there? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
On the sartans, we became more stronger because we are backward integrated and no 
other sartan manufacturer is backward integrated. We make our own Ortho Tolyl 
Benzonitrile, which is the starting material that using a new technology by what is 
called photochemistry, people do not even understand photochemistry, but we produce 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
100s of tons a month using such technology, where we have an advantage and these 
raw materials are common to all sartans. This is what puts us on the forefront of the 
sartan. So we are already leaders in 2 sartans. We have a customs synthesis project of 
sartan where qualification is complete, another big pharma sartan, again qualification 
is complete, commercial quantity manufacturing is on the progress, so with the 2 of 
sartans from the big pharmas and 2 sartan from our own two more sartans in generic 
that are with decent volumes where qualifications are under progress. I think that would 
complete the circle of sartans. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just on the Nutraceutical business if you could share the capacity utilization? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
We are about 80% on Nutraceutical utilization right now. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
With whatever capacity which we have doubled over past 1 year, right? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Yes. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, the sales run rate has been pretty stable at about Rs. 155 - Rs. 160 crores so anything 
we are missing out here? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
It depends on the combination of Vitamin D, Vitamin A, our Astaxanthin, Beta-
carotene, the combinations of what campaigns we take up, I think that is one thing and 
then the customer demand is another thing. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And receivables also have been sharply down over past 6 months? In line with reduced 
customs synthesis opportunities? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Which is a good thing, receivables being down is a good thing because I think the sales 
are comparatively down than the earlier and we are again back to what we were in the 
2021. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surya from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Surya: 
Sir, you have been indicating about the contrast media as a kind of key or growth driver 
in the near future, so can you give some more clarity about how many products 
currently that is there in your portfolio with contrast media and you also mentioned 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
recently that for one product you got a tieup with a big pharma and that could be the 
true growth driver in the near future, so could you provide some clarity about that and 
how big is that contrast media as a segment for you to target? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
First I think, we need to understand what are our strengths to enter into contrast media, 
to be competitive and to sustain, everything is iodine, contrast media is based on iodine. 
Iodine what used to be $15 a kilogram today is about $80 to $90 a kilogram, so most 
of the cost of contrast media is iodine. This is where we developed technology to 
recover Iodine both organic and inorganic, from our waste streams and became very 
cost effective. This has attracted and given us more opportunities into the contrast 
media. And for 2 of the contrast media, one is big pharma, another one, I don’t know 
whether I should also call it big pharma, but they are the largest in the contrast media, 
we have completed qualifications and are continuing the production. So we should see 
good growth, good sale. 
Surya: 
Sir, is it possible to say that contrast media as an opportunity whether it is in the kind 
of like $1 to $2 billion kind of a global market and we are trying to have a kind of 
bigger pie of that or bigger picture about contrast media if you can? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think there are 2 kinds of contrast media, one is for the CT scan which will check 
where are the blocks and what is happening in our blood vessels, the second one is 
which is used for MRI. We have not entered there before, now we are entering into the 
contrast media of MRI. These are called Gadolinium compounds, Gadobutrol, 
Gadolatrol these are all very specialized chemistry which uses Gadolinium. Now, we 
have mastered the iodine based and it is not 1 billion, 2 billion, it is several billion 
dollars. Now, no doctor wants to give you any treatment without a CT scan. Similarly, 
you go for neuropathic pain or you get any pain in the brain, headache, they want to 
immediately take MRI and MRI needs a Gadolinium compound. So, we understood 
these, we have developed some process for that and now we are in discussion with the 
leaders in the contrast media. So, we should be able to soon have I think sample 
approvals and then qualifications and all that. It will take more time, but it is not just 
contrast media iodine based, but there are also another set of media that is called 
Gadolinium which are for the MRI which is probably much bigger in market. 
Surya: 
Sir, second question is about, let us say, the new units that we have created over last 2-
year period, so is a part of our expansion projects, so how many units of already being 
currently under the commercial manufacturing and how many would be, let us say, 
have not yet seen commercial manufacturing as of now because of the regulatory 
clearance or something like that? 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Most of the units have already commenced. Two units, one is small volume, number 
of products at a time, high potency compound that is under completion; and another 
one more block that is for commercial consumption where that is where you are seeing 
the Rs. 500 crores of capital work in progress, but other than the two blocks, everything 
else is done. 
Surya: 
And even the contrast media, the block that commissioned operations, sir? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
When you say commissioned, it is validated, production started. 
Surya: 
Just last one question sir, rather 2 point in this, one is that as per your sense, there was 
a kind of a component of this COVID product in this quarter as well as in the 
corresponding previous quarter. As per you, what is the like to like growth and the 
second point is that have you seen any kind of progress in terms of the new contract 
additions or the projects addition because of the kind of the disturbances what we are 
witnessing in the European world or let us say supply disruption coming from the even 
Chinese segment? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Definitely, there is a global inflation at all-time high, confined mobility in China due 
to wide spread of COVID, energy crisis in Europe. We just came back from CPHI 
where several of our customers, they are complaining at homes, there is no either 
connection or there is a premium price for the gas or oil. They all have enough logsfor 
the coming winter and what used to be like $50 a month, now it is about $500 a month 
for the heating or cooling. So, an increase in logistics is another thing. I think this will 
play a lot in the coming winter as well as following the winter. 
Surya: 
Sir, is it fair to believe sir this way that since Europe is facing all these kind of problems 
as you are indicating, so possibly and majority for export happens to Europe and that 
could be one reason of lower Customs Synthesis operations this quarter? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Number one, which I didn’t want to say really, but I think the indication that sourcing 
from China either generic or the big pharmas for the Custom Synthesis is going to be 
very difficult. One, they want to reduce their dependency where I think confined 
mobility in China and all of a sudden stopping; and geopolitical which I don’t want to 
bring it up. I think these are causing every big pharma to look outside either in Europe, 
US or India. In Europe and US, there is not have enough capacity to produce anything, 
so India will have a lot of opportunities in the Custom Synthesis. Irrespective of what 
the general conditions are in Europe or USA, energy crisis and few others, people made 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
many things that cannot be ignored, so we see the demand either this will stay as it is 
or it will go up. We don’t see any coming down. 
Surya: 
But no greater sign of really significant additional business that you are finding? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
In the Customs Synthesis, I did mention that from 2 fast-track projects and 
opportunities in phase 3 and several opportunities in the earlier stage. That is all 
Customs Synthesis. Generics is different. It is our own, where we are working on the 
$20 billion project between 23 and 25. 
Surya: 
Like to like basis, without this COVID supplies what growth that you would have seen, 
sir? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
We cannot discuss on quarter-to-quarter and I think it is very difficult for us to discuss 
because in our either generics or custom synthesis, some are driven by the customers, 
some are driven by I think this cold container availability, so it is very difficult to say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from Oneup Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
By the end of FY23, our gross block would be around Rs. 5,000 crores, so would it be 
fair to assume that on current pricing peak revenue run rate from the gross block would 
2x of asset turnover, be approximately Rs. 10,000 crores, at peak utilization? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
One is a dream, the second is making the dream work and the third is a dream becoming 
true. I think it is very difficult comment on whether this dream is true, somewhere in 
between. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, my second question is related to the Kakinada CAPEX assuming that we were to 
get clearance from the government, now what to do with the timeline in terms of 
starting the CAPEX and then commissioning if you could through some light on that? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think we have been waiting for 6 to 9 months for the final clearance and I have no 
say, so on when they will clear because we had all statutory regulatory clearances 
excepting the clearance from the state government as a final tick up. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, my question is not related to the approval, I am saying that hypothetically if you 
are getting approval say it tomorrow, we would start constructing the facility, so what 
would be the timelines to get it commissioned from start till the end? Would it be 1 
year, 2 year or period more than that? 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think we should complete within 1 year and start seeing the results starting from the 
second year because, again once you complete you have to again re-qualify whether it 
is an expansion of the existing product or new products, we have to validate, requalify 
and customer has to again give clearance, I would say fair 2 to 3 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Sir, 2-3 questions. One is one clarification you made a statement that one of the 
competitors or two players in one of the product would be going out, was it with respect 
to Nutraceuticals or with respect to the API business? During the call you made a 
statement that there are 2 competitors and one of the innovators would be going out, 
so was it with respect the Nutraceuticals or API business? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
It is in the Nutraceutical side. I didn’t say the company will go out of business. What I 
meant is that they may drop some of the products from our Nutraceutical and there 
were severe price pressures. It may not be of interest to them to continue because they 
always may have better products to produce in the European, US context. This is what 
I commented. These companies are too big and they are too diversified and they have 
an excellent profit making products. So, they don’t have to hang on to some product in 
the nutra to continue. So, we hear, when you say hear say….. we don’t know what is 
the truth in it, so we hear that it may not be of interest to them and some of these 
Nutraceuticals, they may drop. This is what we heard. We are ready to take any of such 
opportunity. 
Nikhil: 
Now 2 questions sir, like if we follow our last calls like 8-10 quarter calls, we have 
done a lot of work on backward integration and improving the yields in our products 
and improving our cost structure, but still if I look at our margin profile this quarter 
and even adjusting for the oneoff products, we are around that 33, 34 adjusting for the 
other income so is it like the cost pressure in the P&L are so high that benefits or the 
work we have done on backward integration are not completely reflecting in our P&L 
as of now? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Because of the backward integration, we are able to maintain the profitability of what 
we were till the 2019-2020 at bottomline 23% to 27%. If we did not take up the 
backward integration, had we been totally dependent on the supply for the raw material 
from China with increased prices anywhere from 20% to 40%, it would have troubled 
us in even staying in business. Now the 2 things that happened because of backward 
integration, one assurance of supply because in some of the provinces, China just 
closed the wall, borders, no shipment of starting materials, we would have been out of 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
our generic business; two, we just increased the prices 20% to 50%, there is no way 
we can accommodate them. So I think this is what benefit we got from, in spite of the 
energy cost increase, in spite of other costs increase, we are able to maintain 
profitability before the fast-track the project. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Also, I would like to add here that since we have taken up the backward integration 
and also supply diversification, our dependency on China this half year has reduced by 
20% compared to the previous year’s half year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Sir, I just have a broader question, I wanted to understand what would be our CAPEX 
plans be for the next couple of years since you are sensing large opportunities on the 
generic side because we have seen quite a lot of CAPEX in the last couple of years, 
would your next couple of years what kind of CAPEX you would be looking at? 
Number 2 is also from that portion you talked about on the starting materials side, do 
you see the backward integration that you have done is coming to some sort of leveling 
off, is there an opportunity to do a lot more there? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The first question I think we need to expand in the next 2 to 3 years with requirement 
of some of the fast-track projects we are entering now, because it depends on how fast 
the fast-track project needs to start, is it few tens of tons or few hundreds of tons, two, 
also the new contrast media further as I maintained two MRI new compounds we are 
developing. Once we are successful in developing the chemistry and also qualifying 
our process, validating our process, then definitely we need capacities to produce them. 
I think this is where we see a big opportunity and we need to expand. What was your 
second question? 
Mithun Ashok: 
Sir, I wanted to know in terms of what would be approximate CAPEX that we are 
looking at over the next 2 years? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Your second question was on backward integration, what we did to these few 
compounds? Is it correct way to stay in business or do some more? I think what we are 
doing is now coming up with new technologies in the backward integration like the 
flow chemistry, vapor phase chemistry, lipid liquid, solid liquid, electrochemistry; and 
these will make sure that our dependency on N butyl Lithium and other metals and 
solvents will come down. We enter this new swing technology whereby several of our 
raw material solvents could be reused. These are now the things we are way ahead of 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
companies whereby we should be efficient; and everybody is talking about energy 
conservation, green chemistry, carbon footprint, less emissions and we are ahead of 
them.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint, we take that as the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Satish Choudhury for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you all for joining us today for the earnings call of Divi’s Laboratories Limited. 
In case you need any further clarification, please reach out to our Investors Relations. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Divi’s Laboratories Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
