CAPACIT'E
INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED
Ref : CIL/STEX3O/Q2FY23
Date: November 14,2022
To,
The Secretary,
BSE Limited
Corporate Relation Dept.
P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai-400 001
The Secretary,
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East)
Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code /Scrip ld: 540710/CAPACiiE
Scrip Symbol: CAPACITE
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Dear Sir
We refer to our letter dated November 0g, 2022 regarding
Conference Call with Analysts/lnvestors to discuss the
performance of the Company during e2&H1Fy23 which
November 11,2022 at 12.30 p.m. (lST).
the lntimation for Earnings
Operational and Financial
was scheduled on Friday,
ln this regard, we are attaching herewith the transcript of the conference call as required
under Regulation 30 read with Parl A of Schedule lll of SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 20l 5.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Capacit'e lnfraprojects Limited
Varsha Malkani
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl: a/a
Mumbai (Head Office) :
605-607, Shrikant Chambers, PhaseJ, 6th Floor, Adjacent to R. K. Studios, Sion-Trombay Road, Chembut
Mumbai- 40007 t. Maharashtra, lndia Tel: 0227173 3717 . Fax.:022 7173 gtg3. Email:1nfo@capacite.in
NCR I Bangalore
CIN : [45400MH2012P1-C234318
www.capacite.in
Varsha Malkani
Digitally signed by Varsha 
Malkani 
Date: 2022.11.14 18:27:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Capacit'e Infraprojects 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 11th November 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                   
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ROHIT KATYAL - ED AND CFO  
MR. ALOK MEHROTRA - IR TEAM 
MR. NISHITH PUJARY - IR TEAM 
 
 
 

 
Capacit'e Infraprojects 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 Moderator:  
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Capacit'e Infraprojects Q2 and H1 FY 
‘23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes.  
 
 
Before we begin a brief disclaimer, the presentation, which Capacit'e Infraprojects has 
uploaded on the stock exchange and their website, including the discussions during this call, 
contains or may contain certain forward looking statements concerning Capacit'e 
Infraprojects business prospects, and profitability, which are subject to several risks and 
uncertainties. And the actual result could materially defer from those in such forward looking 
statements. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” at “0” on attach phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohit Katyal, ED and CFO Capacit'e Infraprojects. 
Thank you and over to you Mr. Katyal.   
Rohit Katyal:  
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Capacit'e, I welcome everyone to the Q2 
and H1 FY ‘23 earnings conference call of the company. Joining me on this call is Mr. Alok 
Mehrotra, Mr. Nishith Pujary, and our IR team. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to 
look at our results. The presentation and press release have been uploaded on the stock 
exchanges and our company's website.  
Today as we witness remarkable transformations within the real estate space, we understand 
the need to align our priorities with that of shifting customer expectations. Our ability to 
consistently morph ourselves and capitalize on emerging opportunities has empowered us to 
lay the foundation for sustained growth and progress. With our healthy order book and 
sustained order in flow and our expertise in executing and delivering projects, we are 
optimistic that we shall witness a healthy and sustainable growth in the future.   
Our key updates,  
 total awarded projects worth INR 2147 crore excluding GST in H1 FY ‘23, including 
work order amounting to INR 1249 crore for MAHDA BDD project awarded by 
Tata Projects Capacite JV.  
 Upgrade in credit rating to BBB+ from BBB by India Ratings and Research.  
 The company expects sanctions of non-fund based limits very shortly. The sanctions 
have got delayed by 45-60 days. However, once the sanctions are in place, the 
company expects the release of retention money’s and advances to the tune of 
hundred crore, which will improve the operating cash flow as well as overall 
working capital by likewise amount.  
 We are happy to inform that the company has signed settlement agreements for two 
of the old stock projects with the Radius Group. The Honorable High Court has 
given a favorable verdict in favor of the company in the case of IGIMS project, 
which was court monitored, and the hold amount of INR 3.55 crore has already 
been released. We expect positive cash flow impact to the tune of INR 55 crore, 

 
Capacit'e Infraprojects 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
including the amount already received on account of the above over the next three 
quarters starting from the current quarter.  
Performance highlights for Q2 FY ’23.  
Revenue from operations for Q2 FY ‘23 grew by 25% to INR 431 crore as compared to INR 
345 crore in Q2 FY ’22. EBITDA for Q2 FY ‘23 grew by 26% to INR 84 crore as compared 
to INR 67 crore in Q2 FY ’22. EBITDA margins for Q2 FY ‘23 stood at 19.4% as compared 
to 19.2% in Q2 FY ’22. Previously for Q2 FY ‘23 grew by 17% to INR 29 crore as compared 
to INR 25 crore in Q2 FY ’22. PBT margins to that 6.8% for Q2 FY ‘23 as compared to 7.2% 
in Q2 FY ’22. PAT for the quarter, FY ‘23 grew by 15% to INR 22 crore as compared to INR 
19 crore in Q2 FY ’22. PAT margin for Q2 FY ‘23 stood at 5% as compared to 5.4% in Q2 
FY ’22. Cash profit after tax for Q2 FY ‘23 grew by 15% to INR 51 crore, as compared to 
INR 41 crore in Q2 FY ‘22.   
Performance highlights for H1 FY ’23. 
Revenue from operations for H1 FY ‘23 grew by 45% to INR 908 crore as compared to INR 
626 crore in H1 FY ‘22. EBITDA for H1 FY ‘23 grew by 70% to INR 185 crore as compared 
to INR 109 crore in H1 FY ’22. EBITDA margin for H1 FY ‘23 stood at 20.3% as compared 
to 17.3% in H1 FY ’22. PBT for H1 FY ‘23 grew by 118% to INR 68 crore as compared to 
INR 31 crore and H1 FY ’22. PBT margin H1 FY ‘23 stood at 7.4% as compared to 4.9% in 
H1 FY ’22. PAT for H1 FY ‘23 grew by 84% to INR 50 crore as compared to INR 23 crore 
in H1 FY ’22. PAT margin for half year FY ‘23 stood at 5.5% as compared to 3.7% for 
corresponding period last year.   
Cash PAT for H1 FY ‘23 grew by 82% to INR 127 crore as compared to INR 70 crore in H1 
FY ’22. Cash PAT margin stood at 14% for H1 FY ‘23 as compared to 11.1%  H1 FY ’22.  
Gross debt stood at INR 365 crore, excluding promoters debt with gross debt to equity at 0.3 
approximately. Net debt stood at INR 190 crore excluding promoters debt.  
The company continued focus on working capital management and quality on order book. 
The working capital cycle excluding attention improved from 91 days in March ‘22 to 88 
days in September ’22. Order book on sustainable basis, on standalone basis stood at INR 
9026 crore as on September 30, ‘22. Public sector order accounts for 74% while private 
sector for 26% of the total order book.  
We remain optimistic on India's recovery amidst the continuing global geopolitical 
uncertainty. Before taking the Q&A, I would like to reiterate the vision of the company. To 
improve the working capital cycle and bring it down to 60 days excluding retention by Q1 
FY ‘24. Our endeavor is to reduce leverage levels in medium term, objective is to continually 
improve shareholders return ratio by investing in people, technology and processes. I am now 
available to take the Q&A.   
Moderator:  
 Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go ahead.   
Mohit Kumar:  
Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations on a very, very good set of numbers, especially on 
EBITDA margin. If I remember correctly, I think we had given a guidance of 19 billion for 
FY ‘23 is that number right? And are we on the track to meet the guidance?   
Rohit Katyal:  
We had given a guidance of INR 1800 crore for the financial year ‘23 and yes, we are on 
track to achieve and better that target.   
Mohit Kumar:  
Second is we have received the order inflow from MHADA BDD project of INR 1249 crore, 
can we expect a larger amount as the entire FY ‘24 and FY ‘25 and has the work started and 
have we started booking the revenues?   
Rohit Katyal:  
 So we have booked close to about INR 14 crore revenue in H1. The work on six towers has 
already been started, four by Tata Projects and two by Capacit'e. We expect the work to start 
on 16 towers in the current fiscal. So yes, going into the next financial year, you will see 

 
Capacit'e Infraprojects 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
decent revenue being booked, which will grow by approximately 30% to 40% year-on-year 
thereafter.   
Mohit Kumar:  
 Question is that, will we get further order inflow from MHADA BDD project as we go 
forward?   
Rohit Katyal:  
 Yes, yes, yes. So we are -- this time removed the order on the consolidated basis, which our 
share is INR 4,032 crore. This will now come to the standalone order book position of the 
company of which INR 1,250 crore has already been received. That leaves another INR 3000 
crore of orders to come from the Tata joint venture in the following years.   
Mohit Kumar:  
 Understood sir, lastly how does the outlook looking for the in flow from 12 month 
perspective, from the government side and the private side?   
Rohit Katyal:  
 We would like to maintain what we said last time. Our target for the current fiscal is INR 
2200 crore. Apart from what we have already, we are lowest in approximately INR 800 crore 
of projects, which will get translated into order book in the current quarter and next quarter. 
So, we will be beating by some margin the target of INR 2000 crore, INR 2200 crore, which 
we have set internally for the current financial year. Similarly next financial year we should 
be targeting an ordering flow of about close to INR 2600 crore  to INR 3000 crore . And with 
the pipeline, our qualifications, our client base repeat order history, we expect to do that quite 
comfortably.   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead.   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
So my first question is on the CIDCO project. So what is the status on the execution update 
that?   
Rohit Katyal:  
So we have done an execution of close to INR 86 crore in the last quarter. The momentum 
carries on, we expect to cross more than a hundred  crore in this quarter and INR 150 crores 
in next quarter.   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
I think previously, we used to target about INR 750 crore to INR 800 crore of peak 
executions. So when do we expect like to start achieving that? So in FY ’24 as per the 
schedule, how much do you think we can execute from CIDCO project?   
Rohit Katyal:  
So the client has given in writing to start the work on the location number seven from 
January onwards, and they have also approved another extension over 21 months, which 
means that our peak execution should start coming from quarter one of the next financial 
year, which we have informed you, but we couldn't reach the peak because the location 
number seven at Navade while it was handed over on paper, physically it'll come back to us 
by December end.   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
So what could be that number for next, like starting from Q1, how much execution you to 
do?   
Rohit Katyal:  
We expect to start with INR 60 crore to INR 70 crore and pick it up at INR 75 crore average   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
Per month. You are saying.   
Rohit Katyal:  
Per month. So when I say INR 86 crore for the quarter, so this quarter, as I told you will, the 
target is to do just give me a second, close to about INR 94 crore plus escalation. So it should 
be about INR 100 crore followed by INR 150 crore in quarter four of the current fiscal plus 
price variation.   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
Then in Q1 of next year you will start topping and start doing about two hundreds plus.   
Rohit Katyal:  
Absolutely.   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
Great. Great to hear that. And has the last tranche of mobilization advance for CIDCO come 
in, I think about INR 125 crore.   

 
Capacit'e Infraprojects 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
Rohit Katyal:  
I explained this to you last time also, once the balance land is available, we shall approach 
the client. However, at the moment, INR 130 crore of advance has already been reduced/ 
recovered by the client from the earlier advance of INR 337 crore.   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
Just lastly on this the land, so what is the total size of the project, which is under execution? 
And with this new parcel coming in, how much will the size go up?   
Rohit Katyal:  
So six site is INR 2,150 crore excluding infrastructure works. And that availability is fully 
available. We have mobilized all the aluminum foam work, except 4 which will be available 
at site by next month end. So there is, all the sites are fully manned with fully equipped and 
with all the resources. And therefore we are extremely optimistic of achieving the IR 150 
crore plus target quarter four, if not better.   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
And the last is how much do the overall – the one you said will get in January.   
Rohit Katyal:  
So December end is Navade plot, which will be about INR 2000 crore.   
Parikshit Kandpal:  
And you were also saying you were going to take up some, if I remember correctly, some 
other developers are landing behind and I think you were in talks with CIDCO was 
approaching you to execute that project. Any update on that?   
Rohit Katyal:  
So that is going on. We be the last person that we do someone else work. However, at the 
moment in time, I think we are focused first on getting that INR 4,000 crore. The sales 
response to CIDCO has been very good. You have been reading in the newspapers that a slab 
cycle of eight - nine days is already being achieved by each contractor. And that can be better 
to maybe six days, seven days from that perspective and the response which CIDCO has 
received, we believe that there could be an increase in the scope of work for all contractors 
and we will be part to that.   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Edelweiss Securities. Please go ahead.   
Parvez Qazi:  
So my first question is regarding the MHADA project what was the execution that we did 
during the current quarter there?   
Rohit Katyal:  
So we have built 14 crore for the MHADA project and out of the two buildings, which we are 
executing, and as I told that total 16 buildings will be under execution by end of the current 
financial year.   
Parvez Qazi:  
So next year, I mean, what kind of execution can we see in this project?   
Rohit Katyal:  
See one building is equal in INR 140 crore to INR 150 crore and therefore the total scope 
available will be INR 2,240 crore out of which our front availability will be INR 785 crore 
and construction period of that is two years. So we should safely assume that INR 350 crore 
should be the revenue provided we get the frontage of INR 785 crore in the next year and the 
balance in the subsequent year.   
Parvez Qazi:  
Sure. And second question is on our limits. I mean, what are our fund and non fund based 
limits currently? And once the additional facilities get sanctioned what kind of increase can 
we see there?   
Rohit Katyal:  
You see that the overall non fund based untied up portion is INR 300 crore, which has led to 
a temporary increase in the fund based limits. So we are expecting tie up with our lead bank, 
State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, and a couple of other new entrants. So with two 
sanctions are expected in November, one sanction is expected in December. Now this results 
in we getting our release of nearly a INR 100 crore of retention and yes, about INR 80 crore 
of advances which have not been claimed at the moment in time. So overall there's an impact 
of INR 180 crore from cash flow perspective number one and number two out of this we 
have emphasised that about INR 100 crore will come in this financial year.   
Parvez Qazi:  
And lastly on the bid pipeline front, I mean obviously our order intake has been much better 
than expected. Going ahead which segment as in be the private or public sector and within 
that whether institutional or hospital or which segments are we expecting our orders to come 
from?   

 
Capacit'e Infraprojects 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
Rohit Katyal:  
We are more focused on institutional at the moment in time because the revenue built up 
happens much better, number one. Number two, they are mostly the government projects. 
Now, as for the guidelines are coming on EPC model, which gives us an opportunity. And 
thirdly of course hospitals, we are executing three at the moment in time and endeavor will 
be to add maybe a couple of more over the next three, four quarters, but focus will be more 
on institutional commercial. However, residential has remained our core strength and on 
absolute levels that will also continue to grow. So the bid pipeline is humongous. However, 
we will have to adopt the pick and choose policy. So RLDA is a new client, which we have 
submitted our bid for, for the Chandigarh Railway station on E2C basis. There are projects in 
defense which we are aiming to bid in the current quarter. Similarly, there are projects of 
hospitals in both PWD CPWD and in MCGM which we are targeting. Going forward there is 
a lot of scope for DEPO constructions for clients like MMRDA. So just to give you the flavor 
of the projects will be more institutional, whether you call it commercial, whether you call it 
hospitals or you call it railway station development. So basically all cash contracts, more of 
them on EPC basis.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Babel from Subhkam Ventures. 
Please go ahead.   
Ankit Babel:  
Sir what do understand typically H2 is better than H1 for any intra and for you also? Yes, 
now we have already done some INR 900 crore of turnover this year. So what kind of 
revenue you feel you can do it in this financial year considering the first half performance?  
Rohit Katyal:  
Dil Mange more, isn't it? So now the point is that we should be growing with our original 
estimate at more than 35% in the current financial year at INR 1800 crore. So whatever extra, 
if that happens, please take it as bonus. The company remains focused on execution and also 
on recovery of its old receivables. That is the priority for the company at the moment. And 
it'll also depend because we have just started the Bhandup Hospital project, is yet to see, we 
are yet to see how the revenue built up happens over there. And I will be able to give you a 
reply to this answer more confidently when we meet for the Q3 earning conference call.   
Ankit Babel:  
Okay. So after FY ‘23, I mean, what kind of CAGRs you're looking for the next couple of 
years based on the order book and the visibility on the order inflow?  
Rohit Katyal:  
I have given you that our commitment to the client is somewhere between 22% to 25%. 
That's what the company has been doing since inception, except for this two years, which 
were more by COVID and other external factors, on which company had little control on. 
However, we are confident we are back or to pre-COVIC levels in most ways we should be 
back at the networking capital by Q1 of ’23 – ‘24. And therefore we do believe that the 
company has ample opportunity to grow in excess of 22%, 23% if not more than that over the 
next three years.   
Ankit Babel:  
So basically why I was asking this question was because in the COVID years, your order 
inflows were almost negligible. So can that two lull years of inflows impact your growth in 
the coming couple of years?   
Rohit Katyal:  
How can that, how is that possible? I just told you that our order book is close to INR 10,000 
crore – INR 9,000 crore. And apart from that, we are L1 in another INR 800 crore. So we are 
looking to close the year at INR 9,000 plus. So that gives you visibility for at three and half 
years that the CAGR we have just mentioned.  And it would be, it could be wrong to assume 
that we won't bid for the next three years. So what I'm trying to say, the order we are giving 
our projections on the basis of the current order book.   
Ankit Babel:  
Okay. Okay, that's helpful sir. Sir, I missed your initial remarks you were saying something 
about debts reversal and all those right back. I couldn't get that. Can you please repeat?   
Rohit Katyal:  
Yes, I mentioned that our expected credit loss, ECL provisioning on gross basis is close to 
INR 100 crore. On our net basis is about INR 90 crore, and this also contains about INR 25 
crore of provision done for the Radius group. Alright or more so we have signed settlement 
agreements for two of the old projects of Radius Group which should release INR 26 crore 
INR 27 crore over the next two to three quarters, number one. So this will improve the cash 
flow of the company. Number two, the honourable high court of Patna has given us a 
favourable verdict in the case of IGIMS Patna, which is a court monitored project, 
subsequent to the verdict the client has released bank guarantee and a whole amount of INR 

 
Capacit'e Infraprojects 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
3.55 crore. Currently the final bill is under recording. Subsequent to that, our escalation bills 
will be recorded and subsequent to that, that is in January our retentions will become due and 
payable. So we expect a total of INR 55 crore release from the old project, which will go 
directly into the cash flow of the company over the next three quarters.   
Ankit Babel:  
Okay. So assuming that whatever you just said, you know, happens the way you have said in 
the next three quarters, and plus you'll have internal approvals and all execution and 
everything. So any timeline when you feel that you people can become debt free at net level 
at least?   
Rohit Katyal:  
So our net debt is about INR 190 crore. So I have been telling that to go net debt free, we 
require INR 150 crore of our retentions and advances to come in, number one, which is only 
a matter of bank guarantee issuance and it is round the corner. Number two, we this I have 
told maybe a year back in the conference call also, that we expect the banks to reduce our 
margins from the existing level. A 5% reduction of margin releases INR 85 crore. So this 
collectively is much more than our total net debt. Our intention is not to go net debt free. Our 
intention was to go gross debt free, but yes the two years impact may have delayed the 
program by a year or so, but the intent remains the same. We will be overly cautious while 
choosing our clients. However, given our current client order book, our client clientele when 
we worked with them during COVID, and subsequent to that also we have not seen any slow 
moving deters from them. So this augers well for the company.   
Ankit Babel:  
So basically in the next four, five quarters, you believe that this is possible?   
Rohit Katyal:  
Yes it is -- I just told you with the details, so you have to ask me with whether the retention 
was released. If I say no, then I am not net debt free. If I say yes, we are net debt free.   
Ankit Babel:  
Okay. And so my last question is just a follow up on that Radius Group. You mentioned that 
INR 25 crore to INR 27 crore of amount would get released. So, and you have already 
provided for this. So whenever this money will come, there will be provisions right backs 
also in your P&L right.   
Rohit Katyal:  
So at the moment I am committing the receipt of inflows, yes, they will be right backs, but 
then the ECL is here to stay. So you have to make provisioning on retention, you have to 
make provisioning on better moment, uncertified bills, certified bills. So what will be the 
reversal? We will be able to tell you exactly in quarter four, but yes, there will be something 
and as I told you, the gross provisioning is at close to INR 100 crore plus. So out of this 
nearly INR 60 --  how is the total provision for Radius? Out of this, the total provisioning for 
Radius is INR 34 crore and yes there will be reversal of the provision, but the exact amount 
on a net basis we will communicate during our next quarter conference calls.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead.   
Shreyans Mehta:  
Yes congratulations on a good set of numbers. So my question is pertaining to CapEx. So can 
you give guidance for CapEx for this year and next year and how much have you done till 
late?   
Rohit Katyal:  
So the total CapEx for the current financial year would be restricted to INR 60 - 63 crore 
thereabouts. INR 50 crore has already been done. We do not foresee any CapEx during 
quarter current quarter, we foresee a CapEx of close to INR 10 crore to INR 12 crore in 
quarter four. In the next financial year, we see a CapEx of INR 40 crore  to INR 45 crore.   
Shreyans Mehta:  
Sure, sure, sure. And so second question is pertaining to our interest costs. What would be 
our cost of debt currently and since our credit ratings have improved how much benefit will 
you get in the coming quarters?   
Rohit Katyal:  
The coming quarter is difficult to say, but yes, you will see a dip down in the next financial 
year because after the rating is upgraded, the banks move it, it goes to their various 
committees, sanction comes, documentation is done. So you will see some benefit in quarter 
four, but if you have to see on a sustainable basis you should see that in the next financial 
year. Also we will be approaching the rating agencies again in the early next financial year to 

 
Capacit'e Infraprojects 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
have a look on how our performance has been. And we believe that we should be back to 
where we were prior to downgrade.   
Shreyans Mehta:  
Got it. Got it. Any sense on the current cost of debt?   
Rohit Katyal:  
I do not have it in front of me ready, but I will tell my team to call you up and discuss it with 
you separately.   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Akram Shah individual investor. Please go ahead.   
Akram Shah:  
Most of my questions are answered just to follow up. So I believe a hundred around is what 
the retention money is there and broadly around 35 to 40 is what the radiant and the other 
settlement money which is coming. So is it the fair way to look at it as a broadly number of 
INR 120 crore to INR 140 crore which you'll be expecting in next three, four quarters?   
Rohit Katyal:  
See, I just explained to you that the retention is not INR 100 crore. The retention is INR 169 
crore out of which we are expecting a release of INR 100 crore over the current quarter and 
the next quarter. Now that figure could be INR 70 crore, that is our target. Apart from that, 
we have to collect advances of close to INR 80 crore. So total inflow, which we are 
expecting, we are given a guidance of INR 70 crore for the current financial year, but that can 
improve provided the entire bank guarantee limits are in place. So you can note it down. We 
are targeting INR 100 crore of release of retention. We are targeting close to INR 80 crore of 
advances. And our target is that our release from the old outstandings should be close to INR 
55 crore. Now this is not going to happen all of that in quarter four. It will, -- I have given a 
guidance for three quarters. So that means quarter four, quarter one, and quarter two of the 
next fiscal. But this collectively means that the companies hold up funds nearly amounting to 
INR 235 crore will come in the system. And when it comes in the system, it will not change 
the creditor profile or the greater level. It will have a multiplier effect. Your networking 
capital will come down drastically. And that is why our target for Q1 of next fiscal of 60 days 
just do your maths. You will arrive at the same figure and obviously will also reduce the debt 
by 50% or maybe 40%. Therefore, the answer which I just gave to the previous caller of how 
you will go net debt free. Thank you.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. 
Please go ahead.   
Siddhesh Gandhi:  
I just wanna understand how is the comparative intensity in terms of bidding both on the 
private side and the government side?   
Rohit Katyal:  
So private sector I think is coming back to the bigger contractors. Now, -- all the contractors 
are quite busy. Order books are full. So I do not know what will be the appetite to take 
private sector jobs of various contractors. We are more focused on the quality of the clients 
which we have, and we will be focusing on repeat orders from those clients until and unless, 
so in the last 12 months, we have only added Adani to our new clientele list. On the public 
sector side, we have added GIFT city we have added -- we should be adding IOCL over the 
next 15, 20 days time. So I think we have on our bid pipeline we have added RLDA raiilways 
and we'll be adding Ministry of Defense on the bid pipeline side. So the competitive intensity 
in projects which are below INR 250 to INR 300 crore continues to be high, but the 
competitive intensity comes down drastically when the order size is more than INR 400 crore 
to INR 500 crore or INR 600 crore in the public sector. When you look at that size of orders, 
there are only eight or nine parties who qualify across India.   
Siddhesh Gandhi:  
Correct. So I mean, in terms of -- is the difference typically between L1 and L2 in a PSU 
deals effectively? Is it reasonably small or is reasonably broad or how should we look at it? I 
asked because initially I think a few years ago we were focused on private because we 
thought public was more L1 oriented. So how should we be looking at it? 
Rohit Katyal:  
So very good question. Now the point is that in private sector there is no L1 L2 it is more of 
your the presentation on the technical side, your logistics plan, your time competition 
schedule, and you may be L2 and you will get the project. And it also very directly depends 
on the client experience. And if you have had the opportunity to visit our sites, the quality 
and our methodology, what we follow is self explanatory. That's on the private sector side. 
On government sector side, we are not bidding for small projects where there is you know, 
the better competitive intensity is very high. Like GIFT city there were only three bids, IOCL 

 
Capacit'e Infraprojects 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
there were five bids. In RLDA there are five or six bids. So we are looking at the projects 
where we do not have to compromise on our cumulative EBITDA. So the focus will continue 
in that fashion we are not -- we do not have any hurry to go and book orders. There are 
enough orders with the company to take care of this growth plan for the next three years.   
Siddhesh Gandhi:  
And receivables on the government side also hasn't been a problem.   
Rohit Katyal:  
Nat at all, on the government side, there was only a problem with IGIMS, which I just 
informed has been resolved. And over the next two to three quarters, you will see the money 
coming in.   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Khushboo Jayesh Gandhi from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead.   
Khushboo Jayesh Gandhi: Yes, thanks for giving me the opportunity. So I joined the call little late, so sorry, if you have 
answered this question earlier. On the MHADA site what is the status of the land and do we 
expect anything coming from coming from seven site in quarter three or quarter four?   
Rohit Katyal:  
You're talking about MHADA or CIDCO?   
Khushboo Jayesh Gandhi: CIDCO.   
Rohit Katyal:  
So CIDCO six locations are already available. Valuing INR 2100 crore or thereabouts. And 
the remainder land has been committed by the client to be handed over by December end. 
And therefore the work on the seventh location also will start from quarter four of the current 
fiscal. And therefore we do believe that the revenue built up per month will be close to INR 
50 crore from quarter four and will peak out in quarter one of the next financial year.   
Khushboo Jayesh Gandhi: Yes. Yes. So one thing, the 50 crore  which we are expecting from quarter four will be only 
from the seven side or totally from CIDCO purchase?   
Rohit Katyal:  
Madam, the seven site is being handed over in December end. So obviously it'll not, it starts 
gradually and then peaks out. So therefore the target is INR 50 crore about INR 40 crore to 
INR 45 crore coming from the six existing locations and smaller portion from the new 
location. From April quarter onwards of ‘24, we will start peaking close to INR 70 crore of 
all the locations put together.   
Khushboo Jayesh Gandhi: And can so can you give the guidance of how much would we be expecting from the budget in 
FY ‘24?   
Rohit Katyal:  
I just told you that overall projection will be 22% 23% growth. So if our guidance for the 
current year is INR 1800 crore we should grow to grow by 25%, at least in the next financial 
year. And maybe INR 600 crore to INR 700 crore at the moment is the guidance. But as I 
told you, there is a scope of improvement because the development that is handing over the 
7th location by end December has come in.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Rohit Katyal for closing comments.   
Rohit Katyal:  
I would like to thank you once again for joining this call today. We hope that we have been 
able to answer your queries. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team for any clarifications 
or feedback. Thank you and see you next quarter. Bye.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
