GUJARAT STATE FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS UMITED
^.$z-Iast
t'#t -r I
=; 
i-: m
u:€: '- =
BH ffiE
tWj
NO.SEC/2(J22
Fertilizernagar - 391 750. Vadodara, Gujarat, lNDlA.
ClN : 199999GJL962PLCO0LLZL
14th November, 2022
SCRIP CODE: 500690 
SYMBOL: GSFC
Dear Sirs/Madam,
Sub: Transcription of conference call held on lottt November' 2022'
With reference to our letter dated 3'd November, 2022 regarding Conference Call
scheduled on 10th November, 2022, post declaration of Unaudited Financial
Results for the Second Quarter ended 30th September, 2022, we are enclosing a
copy of the transcription of Conference Call. The aforesaid information is also
disclosed on the website of the company at www.gsfclimited.com.
Kindly take the same in your records
Thanking you,
Yours faithfullY,
For Gujarat
Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd.,
cs v.v.
rajani
ry&
Company
Sr. Vice President (Legal & IR)
E-mail : vishvesh@gsfcltd.com
Encl : As above
Ph. : (0) + 91 -265-2242451, 2242651, 22427 51, 2242641
Fax : +91-265-2240966 -2240119 o Email : ho@gsfcltd.com oWebsite : www.gsfclimited.com
lS0 9001, lS0 14001,lS0 45001,1S0 50001 Gertlfied Gompany
\?
The Corporate Relations hip Department
BSE Limited
lst Floor, New Trading Ring
Rotunda Bldg., P.J.Towers, Dalal Street
Fort, MUMBAI - 4OO OO1
The Manager, Listing DePaftment
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
'Exchange Plaza', C/1, Block G
Bandra-Kurla ComPlex
Bandra (East), MUMBAI - 4OO 051
7r*v
AZ3Ctl13
AmritMahotsav
R.!Fnsibte C.rE
VACHHRAJANI 
VISHVESH 
VYOMESH
Digitally signed by VACHHRAJANI VISHVESH VYOMESH 
DN: c=IN, st=Gujarat, 
2.5.4.20=0bea7bd8129212858b9347d81cc2ffb34191db3fd3868
4d97d24716b34fd26cd, postalCode=390021, street=11-B, 
Sarabhai Society, Opp. Asopalav Flats, Gotri Road, 
serialNumber=751372c9ce0d524fbfe04de95f5bb4a04074ca8bb
bf704eb08b2c457b333c9f1, o=Personal, cn=VACHHRAJANI 
VISHVESH VYOMESH, 
pseudonym=76935d37efc8c47d1cebe050f25d5f8e 
Date: 2022.11.14 13:36:52 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
“Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
                    
                         
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. V.D. NANAVATY - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
FINANCE AND CFO 
MR. 
VISHVESH 
VACHHRAJANI 
- 
COMPANY 
SECRETARY AND SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, LEGAL  
 
MODERATOR:           MR. NITESH VAGHELA - ANURAG SERVICES LLP 
 
 
 
 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 7 
 
 
 
 
Nitesh Vaghela: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the second quarter earnings conference 
call of Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited, hosted by Anurag Services 
LLP. From the management, we have Mr. V.D. Nanavaty, Executive Director, 
Finance and CFO; and Mr. Vishvesh Vachhrajani, Company Secretary and Senior 
Vice President, Legal and Investor Relations and senior dignitaries from the 
management. 
 
I would like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, post which we 
will have a question-and-answer session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GSFC 
quarter 2 post-results con call. As you are closely tracking the GSFC, I hope you 
have seen the results published yesterday. So there has been consistent growth in 
sales and profit in this financial year, quarter 1, quarter 2. And for the full year also, 
as we discussed, we hope that more than 20% revenue growth is expected in this 
financial year. 
 
Similarly, the actual results also show the profit highlights. So we hope that at least 
in Fertilizer, the same trend will continue. However, we see some pressure in the 
Industrial Products segment going forward also. Capro-benzene spread has been less 
than our expectation of $1,000. So we expect it to be around $900 going forward. 
 
Fertilizer segment has done very well on the support of very good subsidy from 
government of India. As you know, input prices have continuously been rising. 
However, to protect farmers from the vagaries of this price rise, and government is 
constantly upgrading or increasing their subsidy budget for this financial year. And 
right now, it is historically at a high of more than INR2.5 lakh crore from the 
originally projected of INR1 lakh crore. The government seems to be committed to 
protect the farmers and the fertilizers MRP will be kept around the same price that 
has been prevailing almost from the beginning of the year. With GSFC being well 
managed and very efficient company, we hope that in this fluctuating time, we will 
have a good day in the Fertilizer segment. 
 
As some of the shareholders have requested, we have uploaded the data of last year, 
also quarter-wise volume of production, sales and rupee figure of sales. So the last 
year, full year data is available on our website as well as the data for the current 
quarter and comparable quarters that are part of the published results. So you can 
take advantage of it and do the analysis required. 
 
Inventory and subsidies have gone up, mainly because for inventory, fincos 
inventory, we had procured 2 DAP vessels of around 1,10,000 metric tonnes. So 
those just arrived in September and for those purchases. So they are reflecting as 
inventory. We assure you that this will be sold out before the close of the season and 
by December end. 
 
Subsidy has been higher because of the VVD, value of all the fertilizer products have 
gone up substantially, otherwise volume-wise, there is no such huge blockage of 
subsidy. Because of these 2 factors, higher inventory and higher subsidy pending, the 
working capital requirement has slightly gone up and in fact, some of the deposits 
that were showing in March end have come down to some extent, we hope by again 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 7 
by this March '23, which really was subsiding time, we'll be able to have the 
comfortable deposit position by year-end. Otherwise, the projects are going on as per 
earlier discussion. And company will be conscious of the growth trajectory going 
forward and we'll keep on flying back the whatever investment or the results we 
have in more and more projects to serve the Atmanirbhar Bharat and to take the 
company forward. 
 
With this, I complete my summary of the working. And now we can take the 
questions from the participants one by one. Thank you. 
 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Many thanks for uploading the volume and the production and sales data on a 
comparative basis also. And last year also, that's very helpful, and we hope for the 
continuity of the same. Sir, if we look into that DAP part of the story sir, out of this 
total inventory on a stand-alone basis of INR1,552 crores. How much would be 
attributable to the DAP part, sir? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
 
That is around INR450 crore. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
INR450 crore. And sir, first quarter, we have done sales of INR700 crore on DAP. 
And I think this time, there is negligible sale of only INR5 crore. 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Correct. Because the DAP economics were not favorable. So we had to curtail DAP 
production at Sikka Unit. And because government has not allowed the DAP MRP 
to be more than INR1,200 per bag. And the subsidy was also not remunerative 
considering the P205 and ammonia prices. So we had to stop the production of DAP 
at Sikka. And when the things improve at the latter part of the quarter, at least for the 
imported DAP, we order for these 2 vessels. However, from October onwards, the 
P205 prices have substantially come down from $17.15 to $11.75. So it's a huge 
number, so with this kind of lower prices, now the DAP production has become 
viable, and we already started the plant from November 1. And we hope at least 50% 
planned capacity utilization until March '23 for DAP and MTP at Sikka unit. So hope 
these things will turn around in the H2. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, what should be the likely margin in the trading business for DAP? The 2 
vessels and INR450 crore investment in inventory, which they are carrying? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
It varies because the DAP price also varies substantially. So the margin varies 
between INR1,000 per tonne to, say, INR5,000 per tonne. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. But still on a blended basis, sir, when we have booked the vessel, we have 
also planned out the selling part of it? Or how does it work? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Yes, yes, definitely because DAP season is there till 15th of December or so. So by 
that time, the 1,10,000 metric tonnes will be sold because if we don't sell it by that 
time, then it will be sold in say, in the next May or June only, we can't afford say 6 
months’ inventory pileup. So accordingly, it is planned that everything will be sold 
by this mid December. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. Sir, when we look at this quarter numbers, on a comparative basis, for Q1 
versus Q2, in the Fertilizer segment, we have done less business because of the DAP 
part. But if we take the power and fuel cost, that has gone off significantly. So sir, 
going ahead, what is the outlook on the same sir? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
I mean, the mainly power and fuel cost rise is mainly because of natural gas used for 
power generation. So I mean, if native costs have consistently gone up, but 
obsoletely they started coming down. So there will be some worsening of the retail 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 7 
gas cost in this quarter and the Q4 also. So we see some downward trend in that cost. 
As far as urea is concerned, overall energy costs are a pass-through. So even if the 
natural gas cost is high, we are able to get it back in form of subsidy. So to that 
extent, whatever rise is there in the form of higher revenue in the turnover part. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, going ahead also, we can maintain these margins for the Fertilizer segment, is 
the Fertilizer segment going to be a steady state number, both in terms of turnover 
and the bottom line for the second half also? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Yes, yes. So not be percentage exactly maintainable in that form, but it will have a 
good margin as well as a good turnover also because we expect INR10,000 crores to 
INR11,000 crore turnover on annual basis. where Fertilizer turnover will be having 
almost 50% rise compared to last year. So last year was around INR6,000, we expect 
INR9,000 crore Fertilizer turnover and overall around INR11,000 crores. And as I 
said, margin is also not percentage wise, but it will be a good number going forward 
also because let's say probably H2 is already declared with some reduction of 3% to 
4%. So that will not have a major impact on the margin and MRP also is not scale. 
So with short-term realization more or less remaining the same. And as I said, input 
cost for P205 has gone down, ammonia has not increase and sulfur and rock, et 
cetera, is steady. So we don't see much rise in the input cost also in the Fertilizer 
segment. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. So because when we look at the margin profile, just to drill more on the 
Fertilizer segment, the margin has significantly improved for the quarter and also for 
the first half on a top line of INR4,100 crores, we are doing the PBT number of 
INR933 crore. So you are trying to explain that these margins are not sustainable. 
The margins may be slightly lower for H2 going there. 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Yes, slightly lower but not something the tables are not going to turn. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
 
 
Like in Industrial Chemicals. 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
 
Yes. Yes, that way. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, now coming to the industrial chemicals part, sir, what's the outlook there, sir 
and what has happened in this segment that we posted loss of around INR80 crore. 
And is there any one-off item in this MDA inventory write-down, which you took? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
No. So the selling price of the finished good price is not included in line with the 
input cost increases. So that is why it had to be in the red. So particularly in 
melamine, the antidumping duty has not been renewed by government of India and 
broadly they are taking the same stand for various products. So the Chinese import 
into India at a much lower prices coming in a large way in the case of melamine. So 
we have to more or less make the price. So to avoid this, we are increasing the export 
for melamine in European and U.S. where we get better realization so that way we 
are trying to improve the margins in industrial products. 
 
And though we are doing the segment breakup as per the accounting standard and 
other regulations, and so the ammonium sulfate fertilizer is a product coming out of 
caprolactam plant only. So on a stand-alone basis, if I see caprolactam not showing 
profit and if we shut down the plant. There will be a huge loss in the Fertilizer 
segment also. So for an integrated plant like GSFC, these segments are kind of 
artificial bifurcation, so to say and industrial product plants support fertilizer and 
fertilizer plant support industrial products. So on the case of it, IP is showing up but 
the whole ammonium sulfate is coming out of caprolactam plant only. So that way, 
we see internal for decision-making, which is the holistic picture and continue or 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 7 
stop loss making products. So caprolactam or melamine was not stopped because of 
this holistic reasons. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. Correct. And sir, on the CapEx front sir and on the subsidy front, what's your 
take, there is an increase in subsidy to INR2,000 crores. So what are we in terms of 
how much have been the receivables for the month of October, if any? And what's 
the outlook, sir, how is this going to get trimmed down? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Government is as through budgetary support also, they are increasing the subsidy 
allocation and with a good fund coming to government to good DAP and tax 
collection. They are seriously wanting to pay in time. And in fact, subsidiary up to 
third week of September has already been paid. So it is just a month and or so to say 
5 weeks’ subsidy is pending. 
 
But on the book, it is showing higher figure because we book subsidy on the cost 
point of sales, while government releases subsidy after post-sale is happening, and 
then we are able to lodge subsidy claims then only liability on government side 
arises. So there is a timing gap between these 2 events. And as per in the off season 
like January to March, this gap is 3 to 4 months away. So even if I sell something in 
January, my post-sale is going to happen in, say, May, June or April only. So till 
then, it will show up as an outstanding subsidy because my sales comprise MRP as 
well as subsidy. But there is no liability to government because the post-sale has not 
happened. So on the balance sheet is with outstanding, but from government side, 
this much of subsidy payable is not there. So this is showing main thing. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So what figure should we look at today out of this INR2,086 crore or the 
INR2,162 crores, if you take the standalone numbers? What portion should be 
attributable to the actual sales? And what have been the receivables for the month of 
October, sir in terms of subsidy received? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Subsidy, for being lodged with government and not paid by them is less than 
INR500 crore. While my book shows INR2,100 crores. So that is the kind of 
difference. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And sir, for the CapEx part, if you could give some more color, how much 
CapEx have we done for H1? What have envisaged for H2 and the year ahead? And 
also on the projects where we were contemplating some backward integration. And 
however, our investment in our JV performed, sir, for the foreign JVs, I think so we 
have also invested some money and applied in the rights issue. If you could throw 
some more light on that. 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Yes. So the CapEx, as we discussed about sulfuric acid fifth plant, ammonium 
sulfate plant, HX crystal then chrome, which is organic fertilizer, then solar plant for 
reduction of power cost, green hydrogen for green ammonia, then melamine 4 plant, 
urea revamp for reduction of energy. All these CapEx are going on. They are at 
different stages of implementation. So right now, no major CapEx has been 
capitalized so far in the H1. So as and when it is done, it will be notified through 
stock exchange, and it will also come in the notes to the quarterly results. But they 
are at different stages, and most of them will be capitalized in '23 and '24. So that 
should help into our turnover or reduce our cost or like HX crystal it is a niche 
product used in the pharma industry. So right now, it is imported 100% from China. 
So we will have some Indian supplies from GSFC for different form of CapEx are 
underway, and we'll declare as and when it is done. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So you are explaining that no substantial amount has been spent as on H1. And 
neither do we contemplate any big CapEx for H2 as of now, only when things will 
crystallize, we would be on the drawing board only. 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Right. And if you look at our balance sheet, it will show up in the net asset because it 
includes the capital work in progress also. So whatever changes are there, they are 
because of whatever CWIP has been done or any capitalization that has been 
affected. So this show up in seasons also. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, lastly, sir, you have a long tenure at GSFC. So just to understand, sir, what 
is the succession planning at the end? And when is your retirement due, sir, you have 
been managing and answering us investor for a very long time, just to understand 
how is the succession planned there? 
 
Vishvesh Vachhrajani: 
 
Mr. Nanavaty has still long way to go. 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
All my successors are sitting in this room only. So don't worry. Yes. So GSFC has 
been working since last 60 years, and we have sufficient experienced people at 
different levels. So nothing to worry about the company's future. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir. Okay. So we'll hope for how the value creation has been done to investors since 
everything that was discussed last quarter will get how the Board looked into our 
request for creating shareholder value. So that's another aspect, and we'll wait for 
how the Board looks and deliberate on the same. And a lot of things have been 
spoken at length last quarter also. So it won't be repeated. We will wait how the 
Board replies to our question. 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
 
Listening to what we are saying. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
On the dividend distribution policy and also on the buyback policy on all other 
aspects, which will create shareholder values and create awareness for investors. 
 
 
Ankul Sanwal:  
The fertilizer subsidiary is on the historical high end. This may not continue forever. 
And our industrial segment is not working up to the mark since last many quarters. 
So how we are planning to sustain profitability in the future? 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
No. GSFC, these 2 segments, has each other, when one is down, the other is up that 
is how we have been consistently making profit. So maybe in the last 2 quarters, the 
industrial product is not doing up to the mark, but that is not going to be the picture 
forever. And in fact, we have earned a huge margin in IP also. So nothing to worry 
as a company as a whole. However, as I explained, we are trying to have more 
export of the melamine so that we have a better price realization. And the capro 
nylon also if the Indian price continues to be like this, we will focus more on the 
export also so that we have better realization and better profit. And as you know, no 
government can ignore farmers interest and make fertilizer costly. So consistently, 
government whatever party is in power they have been giving good subsidy on the 
fertilizers to protect farmers from price vagaries. So a company like GSFC, which is 
efficiently working, you will always have a chance to make good margins whenever 
the opportunity arises. 
 
And as I said, 1 of the project that we are undertaking for urea events for reducing 
the energy. So apart from the increasing the income side, you also focus on the cost 
side by reducing the power cost by setting up solar and wind power plants as well as 
reducing the energy in old technology plants so that either they get more subsidy for 
the same amount of energy or our energy bill goes down when gas and power are 
costly. So we see both the cost and income side consistently. And in the advantage of 
the situation and when things don't move in given situation like we go also for the 
export because the quality of all the products that we manufacture are of 
international standards. So we don't have any problem in setting overseas market 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
also when need arises. But since it is not good to be sitting in India and not meeting 
local demand and exporting our products that is not our philosophy. So we were 
mostly selling our products in domestic market only. But now when because of 
dumping or other consent, we don't get the desire price then we don't mind going 
abroad also. 
 
So depending on the situation, we will be taking the steps, apart from going for the 
new projects, so that gives new product or gives economy of scale or helps in 
making higher market share in the domestic market for all these various 
considerations, and we go for the new project to maintain the profitability and to 
improve top line, bottom line. 
 
 
Vishvesh Nanavaty: 
Yes. So thank you, all the participants. And as we discussed, we'll continue to take 
steps to take the company ahead in the growth path. And which is even there are 
consistent profit as some shareholders have feeling, they work and then think of 
higher dividend or other forms of compensating the shareholders. So the time will 
tell the story, but till then do continue to report confidence in GSFC. Thank you. 
 
 
 
