 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 059 
CIN : L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
November 14, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543248 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
SYMBOL: RBA 
 
Sub.:  Investor/ Analyst Call Transcript  
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the aforesaid SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Investor/ Analyst call w.r.t. the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2022, held on November 11, 2022 at 5:00 p.m. IST as Annexure A. 
 
The same is being made available on the website of the Company viz. www.burgerking,in.  
 
You are requested to take note of the same and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
(Formerly Known as Burger King India Limited)  
 
 
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F8765 
 
 
MADHUL
IKA VIPIN 
RAWAT
Digitally signed 
by MADHULIKA 
VIPIN RAWAT 
Date: 2022.11.14 
17:54:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
Annexure A 
 
 
“Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV VARMAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RESTAURANT 
BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMIT ZAVERI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
MR. KAPIL GROVER – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER – 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED  
 
MR. PRASHANT DESAI – HEAD OF STRATEGY AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIHAL JHAM – NUVAMA INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Restaurant and Asia Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Nihal Jham from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes. Thank you, Melissa. On behalf of Nuvama, I would like to welcome you all to the Q2 FY 
'23 Conference Call of Restaurant Brands Asia. From the management today, we have Mr. 
Rajeev Varman, Whole-Time Director and Group CEO; Mr. Sumit Zaveri, Group CFO and 
Chief Business Officer; Mr. Kapil Grover, Chief Marketing Officer; and Mr. Prashant Desai, 
Head of Strategy and IR. 
I would now like to hand over call to Mr. Prashant Desai for his opening remarks. Thanks, 
Prashant. Over to you. 
Prashant Desai: 
Thank you, Nihal. Welcome, everybody, to this Q2 FY '23 conference call on for Restaurant 
Brands Asia. I hope you guys had a good Diwali. This is how we are intending to take the call 
today. I will first hand it over to Raj to make his opening remarks and summary on both the India 
and the Indonesia business. After that, I will take you through the updates on the India business, 
post which I will hand it over to my colleague, Sumit. Sumit will take you through the financial 
update. Sumit will then hand it over to Kapil to give you an update on marketing and over the 
tech piece, post which Sumit will take over the Indonesia side of the business and then we'll 
open up the floor for questions. We intend to finish our side of the presentation in about 20, 25 
minutes, which gives you at least 30, 35 minutes for Q&A. 
With that, I hand it over to Raj to take you through opening remarks and an update. Over to you, 
Raj. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you Prashant, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining and giving us your time 
this evening. So let me just quickly summarize the India business first, and then I'll give the 
Indonesia summary. So Q2 was growth month for us, growth quarter for us. If you look at Q2 
over Q1, we grew about 9% in revenues from INR 337 crores to INR 368 crores, that put us in 
H1 growth of 78.4% over last year.  
Last year, obviously, was COVID kind of constructed year. So INR 395 crores last year and then 
this year, we had done INR 705 crores. So we have grown over the quarter as well as half yearly 
over the last year. SSSG was 27% positive and half yearly, if you take it, it was 32% over the 
last year. So there's -- SSSG growth as well as Restaurant growth. 
Gross profit maintained a 66.4% gross profit, which is what we reported last quarter as well. 
And this is despite all the pressures on inflation and so forth, right? And then H1, if you see, we 
are at 66.4%. This against last year, H1 was 65.3%. So we have seen 110 basis point 
improvement there as well.  

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Restaurant level EBITDA and I'm talking about post India, we will share the India's numbers as 
well on our presentation. Q2 INR 60.8 crores at 16.5% over Q1, whsere we had reported INR 
49.9 crores which is at 14.8%, that's a 170 point basis point improvement. Half yearly, we are at 
INR 110 crores, which is 15.7%. Again, 14.4%,150 basis point improvement over the 14.4% we 
recorded last H1 of last year, which was at INR 36.8 crores. 
Company-level EBITDA for the India business, again, post India's numbers. For the Q2, we 
reported – we are reporting INR 42.1 crores, which is 11.4% against Q1 where we reported INR 
33.2 crores which was up 9.9%, is again a 150-basis point improvement. Half yearly, that puts 
us at INR 75.3 crores, 10.7%, which is again over 380 basis points over last year's H1, which 
was at INR 47.1 crores, which is a 6.9% reported on EBITDA. 
Restaurant growth, we are at INR 334 crores as of 30th December. We continue to build 
restaurants beyond that. We have built another six this last month, putting total growth for the 
quarter was 18 new restaurants that we built. We had some closures, so that gave us a net of 6 
growth for the quarter. Now we have in pipeline 33 restaurants that are in construction. On top 
of that, we have another 60 that are ready to go into the pipeline into the construction. 
On the Cafe piece, we actually more than double the number of cafes. We were at 86. If you 
remember last time, cafes, we added another 94 on that. That puts the cafe at 180 in fact, as we 
speak, we are getting very close to the 200-mark on cafes. BK app, again, marketing, Kapil, is 
going to talk more about this, but we saw revenue growth of 33% quarter-on-quarter on our BK 
app. This is continuous improvement and increase on the revenues coming from our BK app. 
4.7 million app installs, which is again, 26% growth over the last quarter. Liquidity stands good 
in the company at INR 0.60 crores.  
Quickly on Indonesia. Indonesia, Q2 results, INR 156.7 crores, this is a 2.9% over the Q1 
numbers that we reported, INR 152.3 crores. And what we – in Indonesia, I spoke about this last 
time when I was on the phone you guys. Basically, two things we are doing in Indonesia. The 
first one is menu architecture. So, we have aligned the menu architecture like we build in all 
markets with a very strong entry level like we have here in India, which Kapil will speak about 
in a moment. 
We have a stunner menu, which is about INR 50 that we advertise which is to draw and build 
traffic into the business. We have a similar parallel developed for Indonesia. We call it the go-
to menu. So that just got launched. In fact, it's a little over 2.5 weeks, since we have launched 
that. You have seen an immediate lift in traffic. I think we're doing – and this is without any 
advertising as such just with some digital communication. We have looked 20 traffic on that 
business. 
And then we have built a beautiful laddered menu as we do here in India and then a premium 
menu on the other side. They're also going through a validation on taste, on products, product 
builds and so forth with consumers. These are standard things we do when we take over a 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
business, we actually go through many architecture. The most important thing is the quality and 
the taste of the product. So, we kind of go through that. So that's the phase that we are working 
on.  
A lot of work is happening, Sumit and Kapil has also been involved in helping the Indonesian 
team -- traveling in and forth. So that's the first work that's happening over there. Second piece 
is, and we shared this with you last time that our growth strategy in Indonesia has always been 
in the past, in malls and so forth and then in 2017, we shifted that 2017, '18, we shifted to moving 
into building restaurants, freestanding restaurants with drive-through. So we continue to focus 
moving forward on that strategy to continue building the BK restaurants over there with both 
freestanding with drive-through.  
Our work on product development on Popeyes is complete. We have finished testing the 
products. We are very happy with the results of the testing. The products are ready. We have 
started construction on a couple of sites. We are kind of planning to open about 5 sites before 
the end of this fiscal year. So that work is also underway and there are some synergies that we 
are working that Sumit and I are working on bringing the two brands of the Popeyes and BK 
that in the long term will give us some effective capex utilization, more efficiently in capex as 
well as to make sure that we are complementing the business to grow the business collectively 
in that market. 
So that's basically on Indonesia, not many numbers, as I've told in the past, we are going to take 
our time to make sure that we move towards a recovery and then beyond because it's fantastic 
market. I believe that, that market is going to give a very long-term good prospects for both the 
brands over there. 
With that, Prashant, I'll hand it back to you. 
Prashant Desai: 
Thank you, Raj. Coming to Slide 7, just to give you an update in terms of where we stand with 
respect to our store openings, both at Burger King India level and BK Cafe. If you will look 
slightly closer numbers, one big strategic shift that we had taken during the beginning of the 
year, for us to have a much more even out store opening strategy, as you know, earlier year, the 
large part of our group store openings would happen in Q3 and Q4. If you look at our Q1 and 
Q2, we opened 13 and 18 stores, in respective it is about 31 compared to our 9 stores that we 
opened in the first 6 months of the previous year.  
So I guess that strategy is now beginning to gather momentum, but our belief is that next year, 
you will see a much larger impact of the more even down store opening strategy. Second thing, 
the team that look at come through every single store, everything the store economics and we 
chose to close out 12 stores. Our belief is now we are done with the funding of our store strategy. 
And going forward, we don't see any major store closures as we speak. 
We opened our first cafe right almost one year back in November of 2021. It's now been just a 
year, and we've opened, as Raj mentioned, 199 cafes. So it probably will be the fastest cafe 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
rollout that the country has seen and we continue to remain extremely volatile and bullish about 
BK Cafe within Burger King. 
Given the traction that we have done within 94 cafes this quarter, we remain very, very confident 
to give you 250 cafes by end of this year, by which time we will have 380 Burger Kings. Raj did 
mentioned, our 33 stores in the construction plus 16 pipeline. So, we feel reasonably confident 
of giving you 390 Burger Kings by end of this year. And as you know, our next year target is 
about 470. So yes, we are looking at a much larger '24 and even larger '25 as we speak. 
If you go to Slide 8, this is a new slide that we have included. Over the last quarter, we've been 
meeting a lot of analysts and a lot of fund managers and people on the buy side all over the 
world. And one of the data points is that we have been consistently requesting for is to just try 
to understand where we are in terms of our vintage -- just to kind of compare our ADS with 
others. 
So as you know, we opened our first store in November of 2014. So the business is a relatively 
new business will be operational for a period of about eight years. You take COVID out of the 
picture, it would probably be about six years. And if you then double click on that data, you'll 
see that our weighted average operations have been about 3.5 years. So all the numbers that you 
are seeing this keep probably it will help you understand those numbers a little bit better.  
Also, in 2019, just before -- is a locked-down, we had opened 74 stores in 2019, then we opened 
15 during COVID are under construction, 15 more and this year, we've opened some – so almost 
50% of our portfolio is still almost you can say about 12 to 18 months old. It will stay. So it's -- 
all these are kinds of things to kind of keep in mind when you decode to our data. Also the fact 
that we've opened cafes, also the fact that we started Breakfast at our high street and Sumit will 
kind of share some more data on this, just to give you and get out the impact of all of this on the 
margin as well. So, this is one more data that we were asked to share and we are happy to kind 
of share this data with you. 
Coming to Slide 9. Our average day -- weighted average on a portfolio basis for this quarter has 
been 127 as you know, September is a weak month for the entire QSR, as a result of this, what 
we did in last time when we came in July, if you take the weighted average of July over 
September, the number steps up to 127. Delivery is at 43% and dine-in is 57%. So that's kind of 
an update from my side, including the request to share the vintage.  
After this, I'll hand it over to Sumit to take you through the numbers and then to Sumit to Kapil. 
Over to you, Sumit. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Thank you Prashant and good evening to everyone. I just want to kind of talk about a few of the 
numbers which are key metrics that we believe are indicators of our performance. On the revenue 
side, we had mentioned, we've grown by 99% on an overall basis and just to kind of feel this a 
little more further, what Prashant was mentioning, we've got our ADS to move from INR 1.2 
lakhs to INR 1.27 lakhs. So the total 9% growth that we got is the same in – from the growth of 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
ADS and we strongly believe we'll be initiative on concentrating on the stellar menu to the 
launch of Cafe and a be part is what we've literally been able to kind of help push the ADS up 
from 120 to 127. So that's something which we very clearly see the positive and this to our mind 
as a base for us to build on from where we stand today. 
Looking at gross profit as one of the other indicators, we've always been kind of growing to the 
difficult times of inflation. We've always been on the positive trajectory over the last few 
quarters. This quarter, again, we are kind of maintaining the gross profit at 66.4%. With the 
initiatives that we have on the category side, we strongly believe that our target to get to 67% 
for the year and taking it to 68% the year after. We believe that we are on the path to that as far 
as our gross profit margin journey is concerned. 
At the back of all the investments that we've done initially in the last quarter we'd mentioned 
that we put some money behind marketing. We did see the result of that in ADS. And our store 
level EBITDA moved up to 8.2%. Prashant was kind of hinting towards some of the investments 
that we have made during the quarter towards cafe, towards the part.  
As you've seen our ADS moving up, but that also requires -- has required us to kind of make 
some of joint investments on some of the cost lines, especially on the lines of people as well as 
the increased cost on the utility side. As we kind of see and as this business kind of builds up, 
we've seen in the current quarter, partly both these lines have an impact on our gross margins by 
-- or EBITDA rather by close to 2%, which we believe that as the scale -- the business scale kind 
of building, we should see that improvement coming into our P&L. 
Similarly, tragedy on store EBITDA is also reflected in company EBITDA, which has moved 
up from 1.1% to 3.2%. And our corporate costs, we continue to maintain at 5% of our revenue. 
So that those are broadly the financial key metrics as far as India business is concerned. We 
strongly believe that we are poised for growth and improvement in revenue as well as on our 
business performance going forward.  
With that, I'll hand it over to Kapil to take us through some initiatives that we've taken and which 
will continue to take our growth forward from there. 
Kapil Grover: 
Thanks Sumit, and good evening, everyone. The last quarter was very focused on continuing to 
drive guiding growth on the back of the Stunner program. And as you noticed, our ADS has 
improved over the last 3 quarters from 104 to 120 to 127. We stay focused on our strategic pillars 
of driving a strong and sustainable value proposition, building and promoting a very 
differentiated and unique menu, building a variety of beverages to cater to the emerging 
consumer needs to build a café and building incrementality through that.  
And finally, creating a strong digital ecosystem which allows the customer to access the brand 
digitally in every channel with the delivery on our end. So I'll start by talking about the Stunner 
Value program. I'll move to next Slide number 13. Quick recap for everyone, the INR 50 Stunner 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
menu is an everyday value menu with a range of products at INR 50 and INR 70. So there is a 
choice of format and tips for our guests, and this is a profitable head and sustainable over time. 
Now we have seen the Stunner menu volumes grow by 50% ever since we launched the offering. 
Customers have given us very good feedback on variety, taste and quality of these products. And 
this has been on the back of a very -- of a sustained promotion. The most recent campaign started 
in mid-June with the celebrity Hrithik Roshan, and we ran it through July and August. 
On Slide number 14. I'm sure you came across the headline in that Burger King has had Hrithik 
Roshan. So that campaign went viral and it was a very unique campaign done in our own BK 
side, where we had celebrities, daily life and create a lot of bytes. Given where the consumers 
are, we focus a lot on digital and social media to promote our campaigns. In addition to the 
conventional impact television, BTLM, OS branding programs.  
On the back of this campaign, digital traffic saw almost 20% improvement in the pre-to-post 
campaign periods. Slide number 15. talks about how Whopper, which is our most core signature 
product, continues to be a leading product in the category. We continue to offer consumers new 
innovation and taste experiences with the Arabic and the Masala Whopper, very unique 
products, one inspired by Middle East cuisine and one inspired by very local Indian cuisine. And 
that allows customers to come back and improve their frequency. 
The second part of the Whopper, on Slide number 16, is where Whopper continues to be the 
voice of the brand Burger King in social conversations. Our brand has established a very unique, 
youthful and quirky personality to connect with our consumers and it has a very, very engaging 
social feed. Whether it's about events like cricket, movies, technology or informing our guests 
about the fact that all Burger King products and menu that we developed here is free of synthetic 
colors and artificial flavors, we have all these conversations on our social media with our fans. 
The third pillar that I will talk about is the strategic menu layer of BK Cafe, on Slide number 18 
in the deck. We continue to rapidly ramp up cafe expansion and our well on course to open 250 
cafe as you heard. That café stores continue to drive 7% incremental sales and help us explore 
and develop new day parts like breakfast. Now this is a very new concept for us. We just came 
up in the last 12 months. In the last few months, we started to push for cafe awareness on social 
media and other entertainment platform. So for example, celebrating the Intentional Cafe Coffee 
Day, which is on the next slide. We had a lot of events on in mall atriums, a lot of social media 
promotion, influencer marketing to drive awareness about the fact that we are now a new concept 
called BK Cafe. 
The last update I want to share on the next slide is about the BK app. We continue to close sales 
and downloads on the BK app, almost by double digit in the last six quarters in a row now. We 
will continue to build this platform as a channel for working plans in the future and as a strategic 
advantage for us in the long term. Slide number -- the next slide is just a summary of all the 
recognitions and awards that we got in the last quarter for the work and digital and mobile 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
marketing campaigns, moment marketing and the recently held brand equity shop awards were 
won the silver for best use of mobile marketing. This is for the cricket hack campaign that we 
have run in quarter one of this year.  
With that, I will now hand it back to Prashant to take through the outlook. 
Prashant Desai: 
Thanks, Kapil, our outlook more or less remains the same, except the fact that with so many 
Cafes opening, we believe we will probably be at the higher end of the same-store guidance for 
next year, which should be double digit plus going forward. Despite the inflationary trends, 
given the way we managed our product mix and our cost, we remain confident of giving you a 
67% gross margin this year and 100 bps over that next year. On the Café side, as we had guided 
last time also, we end this year with a 250 Cafes and next year, we plan to open another Cafe, 
take this to 350 by which we have total Burger King's are 470. So the major change in guidance 
that way. I then hand it over to Sumit to take you through the update on the Indonesia site. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Sure. Thank you, Prashant. I'll just quickly talk to you about the Indonesia business, large and 
initial update did cover Indonesia to a very large extent. As far as Indonesia is concerned, we 
did open five stores during the fourth quarter and shut down one. All of these were freestanding 
drive thru and we've spoken about this -- that as we go along our growth strategy would be 
revolving around freestanding drive thru, we will see the portfolio to kind of move more and 
more directionally towards that. As far as average daily sales, we could certainly still remain in 
the region of around 98,000 and that's one focus area for us and various initiatives largely starting 
with complete menu architecture, which kind of reflected in subsequent slides, I just talked to 
you about that. 
The realignment of the portfolio, which we believe should be able to kind of help us get back to 
the normal level of ADS in terms of pre-COVID levels. If you really just do a little bit of the 
deep dive in the numbers. Yes, the revenues have remained flat, but at the same time, with the 
menu and the new architecture, kind of redefining the value strategy in Indonesia, we did make 
certain investments on the marketing side towards later part of the quarter, in which we would 
continue to do as we go into this quarter as well. We did see the company EBITDA on the 
negative or the loss to kind of expand but just which we believe should only help us as we go 
along because the large part of the investments have gone towards spend on the marketing to 
help build the brand. So that's one part which we feel that should help in the long risk as we go 
along. 
As far as go-forward strategy is concerned that Raj was mentioning, the key part is effectively 
to rebuild the entire menu or reposition the entire menu. We've gone live with the value part of 
the menu, which we call Gokil and the early results that we've got seems to have been very, very 
encouraging. Now our next part of the slide in which we would roll out of the menu slide during 
the quarter would be to reposition the core of our burger menu, which would be led by -- which 
will be led by Whopper. And then there is -- as far as Indonesia market is concerned, it's fairly 
deeply painted on the technology side. We have the advantage of a very strong customer -- 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
loyalty customer base, standing at 6.7 million. We would further invest up on the CRM side to 
get more traction on the customer side as far as the loyalty is concerned. So -- that's a quick brief 
on the loyalty on the Indonesia side. 
So with that, I'll hand it over back to Nihal to open up for questions. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the first question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
I just wanted to understand in the presence of margin performance. So in my view, there have 
been likely two headwinds. One is our delivery mix has reduced in favor of dine in. And the 
second one is we have gained strong traction in Stunner menu. And despite that, on a Y-o-Y 
basis, our gross margins in India business have improved by about 100 basis points. So just 
wanted to understand what has led to this? And in H1, we are at about 66.4% gross margins, and 
we have retained a 6% to 7% gross margin target for the entire year -- that led an improvement 
in H2, despite some raw material inflation. So just if you could cover these two questions, it 
could be helpful? 
Prashant Desai: 
Thanks, Devanshu. Raj has been consistently been communicating with investors and analysts 
alike that when we look at gross margin, it's a function of both the numerator and the 
denominator. A lot of people often look at just the denominator and what's happening on the 
cost side to evaluate gross margin. One of the things that we've been doing consistently in Burger 
King in India ever since they started was to build a very balanced menu architecture. We have a 
standard menu, which is up to INR 50, then we have a classic menu anything between INR 51 
to INR 100, and then we Whopper, INR 101 to INR 150, and then we have the Kings collection 
at INR 150 to INR 200. Our ability to first acquire a customer at a standard level and then keep 
migrating them across classic, Whopper and Kings collection. 
Our current understanding and belief is that this is something which is playing out to our 
advantage. This is also besides the fact that we just started Cafe and our hope is that with the 
way we are doing about Cafe next year, you will see a push on the gross margin coming from 
Cafe. So product mix has been a very critical part of our gross margin strategy. Second, as you 
know, we like to open our stores within clusters. We have repeated this in the past that 70% of 
all our new stores opened in the same city. So what that does is, let's assume we have a city 
where we have 8 stores over 9 stores and have opened 3 more stores, the same truck that is going 
to delivery product is 7, 8 stores now delivers 2 or in our case, as you know, our cost of goods 
sold includes the distribution cost. So as we open more stores, we think that same city, there is 
a leverage which comes to us by way of distribution cost, which obviously gets reflected in gross 
margin. 
Third, again, as we keep growing in scale and in size and now with the Indonesian business also 
is acquired, which we are now try to explore the possibility of sourcing ingredients and raw 
materials from India, our ability to now sit across the table and discuss and negotiate with Indos 
will probably go up. So as a result of this, we've been able to detail our gross margin. Normally, 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
you will see us that if we are saying 67%, probably want to outdo that. Unfortunately, because 
of the inflationary pressures this year, we have all been able to outdo. We remain confident of 
at least delivering a 67% gross margin. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Prashant, that's encouraging. Secondly, you covered it a bit, but I still wanted to understand. 
Versus Q1, our ADS has increased by about 16% and we had some 220 basis points of market -
- onetime marketing expense in Q1. So adjusted for that, still we are not seeing any sort of 
improvement in the store level EBITDA margin. So what potentially are the reasons for that? 
Prashant Desai: 
So there are two things. One, my colleague, Sumit, tried to explain what happens is that you're 
opening 200, 250 cafes in a year anywhere between 2 to 3 baristas, or 4 baristas per cafe that 
you need all these people need to get trained. Over and above that, we are opening 80 Burger 
Kings. So we'll have another 1,200, 1,300 people to train over there. All these training costs here 
have got incurred in early last quarter, this quarter. 
You will see this impact at least for another couple of quarters. So what happens is still the ADS. 
ADS will take a little -- it will go up with a little lag. So today, if you look at my people cost, 
my people cost would have been higher by about 150 basis points as a result of this initiative. 
Second, as we opened cafes, we started breakfast early morning for all our high street restaurants 
we are now open at about 7 o'clock. So the breakfast ADS takes 12, 18 months to kind of build 
up today, it's only about 2%, 3% of our day part. But over a period of time, this will be a very 
large meaningful part of our business. But we have to open the restaurant at 7, if you want to 
build that business. So there is another 50 basis impact on that coming on the utility side. So 
these two alone will push by EBITDA margin at a store level to a respectable level this year. 
One thing, yes, the one of the reasons why we showed that slide of our weighted average store, 
we are still a 3.5-year-old company, right? Our ADS today stands at 127. As you keep moving 
forward and your ADS keeps growing base of the same-store guidance that we have given you, 
and then coffee begins to kick in. What you will see is as your ADS keep growing, there is a 
disproportionate operating leverage that kicks in. One, gross margin; two, rent; three, people 
cost per utility. All of this next year will give you a store level EBITDA margin, which will be 
significantly better. So just I would request you guys to be little patience for the next 2, 3 quarters 
as the business scales up, as all these new initiatives begin to reflect in the ADS, will catch up 
on the margin front as well. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And last question from my end. We closed 12 restaurants this quarter. Where is the cost 
appreciated with these closures? Where does this cost sit in which line item? 
Prashant Desai: 
One is the capital cost with respect to LHI, we kind of accelerate the depreciation up to date of 
closure. So that will start of – largely that cost book as part of a depreciation line there. That's 
how it gets represented. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Versus last quarter, I guess, depreciation has been reduced. So are there -- so can you explain 
that? So earlier, it was around INR 33 crores, INR 34 crores. And last quarter, it was INR 46 
crores, this quarter, it is INR 43 crores. So but closures have been in this quarter? 
Prashant Desai: 
So as I was explaining, actually, that we -- once we decide from the perspective of closures, we 
start accelerating the depreciation from that part. So a good part of the accelerated depreciation 
went in last quarter itself. And all these stores were closed in the early part of the current quarter, 
around July, August. That's why while you are seeing the drop in depreciation, the closure related 
depreciation cost or the cost is sitting in depreciation line in a substantial portion will get 
recorded in quarter one and a small part of that came in quarter two. So that's the reason why we 
are seeing that. 
Rajeev Varman: 
These are planned closures, right? At some point, we decide that you are going to close these 
restaurants. Obviously, it takes a little while to put all your agreements and everything in order 
if we close the restaurant. But what you start doing is to accelerate your depreciation before the 
closure dates. So it takes usually closure lags behind the cost depreciation. So that's why you 
saw it in the previous quarter. 
Prashant Desai: 
One other thing Devanshu since we are talking about the closures. This was a retail evaluation 
that we did during the early part of the -- or and kind of decided to take a decision to carve out 
the portfolio, which was not doing well for us. Now we -- as we now stand, we are now sitting 
at a very strong healthy portfolio. We feel that we will not see that as we go along over next 
front for at least three to four quarters. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Palak Shah from Infina Finance Private Limited. 
Palak Shah: 
Since the first is in a thought process, what are the criteria when you look at the store closures 
for a store's success? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So obviously, if a restaurant does not have potential to increase revenues as the average 
revenue of the business. And there's sometimes other important things like when we are 
offsetting a restaurant, there's a better site across the street or down the road. Then what we do 
is we offset the restaurant, build it in the newer side, better side, the synergies have gone there. 
We moved the restaurant there and close the restaurant in the old place. 
Rajeev Varman:  
So there's multiple things that we look at that we take into consideration. Like if you look back 
at our eight years, we have closed maybe 6%, 7% of our restaurants. Well below the 10% 
industry kind of standard. So we have been opening restaurants a lot of due diligence and 
closures are always good when they are not profitable or useful in the long run. So those are the 
kind of things we look at before we close the restaurants. 
Prashant Desai: 
Also just to add to what Raj mentioned, given a lot of our capex investment happens at the 
kitchen and in the furniture, almost 2/3 of the capex when we choose to shut down the restaurant 
is recovered by us. So to that extent, as a discipline, if you feel that restaurant will not be able to 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
do the numbers, we think it would do when we side of the restaurant after giving it a certain 
amount of time, we will then be disciplined enough to close it. 
Palak Shah: 
 Got it. One more question on the quarterly margins. So if you look at last quarter, you had 2.2% 
additional expense towards A&P spend. But given that it will be more normalized this quarter, 
despite of that, we are not seeing any material change on a sequential basis, the EBITDA margin, 
both at store level and company level. I understand one of the reasons we explained was the 
additional spend towards the [employees 0:39:04] training. Just wanted to understand if there is 
something else that [concise these mentioned 0:39:09] quarters? 
Prashant Desai: 
Yes. We think -- product -- saying there are -- if you look at our business, even from a near-term 
perspective versus a medium to long term, there are four broad operating leverage levers 
actually. One, we believe that our longer-term direction is to take our gross margin from where 
we will be this year 67% to closer to 70%. Second, rentals currently sitting at 13.5%, our view 
is as we are opening more and more stores. 
The current threshold of stores are all being opened at about 10% rent to revenue plus 18% GST. 
And as your ADS improves your rent and the percentage of revenue will come down. So there 
is a second lever of operating leverage that you will see at play, both in the near term and also 
in the longer term coming from rate as the second operating leverage. Third operating leverage, 
what Sumit was mentioning is currently, our people costs will be about 150 to 200 bps higher 
than a lot of our peers. 
That is as a result of two things. One, because our ADS currently stands where it stands. As you 
do more ADS, your people costs as a percentage of revenue will come down. The last couple of 
quarters because of all the training of our project staff as well as the new store, you see a little 
bit of a slightly higher impact. Fourth is our utility costs, utility costs, also there is a smaller 
impact in terms of operating leverage, but there is a certain amount of operating leverage that 
we can take. And the last lever for us when it comes to operating leverage is our corporate costs.  
As you will see, as we open more restaurants, our restaurant growth will move this year from 
INR 390 crores to about INR 700 crores by December of '26 but with the growth in ADS, you 
will see our top line growing far aggressive than a restaurant growth. As our ADS growth goes 
more aggressive than the rest or growth, all these operating leverage are coming into play. So 
corporate cost as a percentage of revenue will come down significantly. We don't expect our 
absolute corporate costs to go higher than about 10% every year. So that now we factor all these 
four pieces. And you will start seeing shades of that. This is what [Dewan 0:41:23] showed a lot 
of our stuff starting end of this year and the entire next year, you'll start seeing all these levers 
played out. 
Palak Shah: 
Correct. Just on that, the point that I'm trying to make is that if you look at just the point on the 
corporate overhead expenses, this quarter itself on a sequential basis has gone up by 9% and 
20% on a Y-o-Y basis. And just subtracting [inaudible 0:41:51] store EBITDA minus the 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
corporate EBITDA that you mentioned. So that's why the operating leverage is not -- we're not 
able to see the corporate leverage benefit that should be accrued? 
Prashant Desai: 
If you keep looking at quarter-on-quarter when you get into so much of Symantec. But broadly, 
if you look at it, you have the entire team that we have over here, as we keep growing, do we 
see significant addition to a senior leadership? Answer to that is no. We keep adding supervisors 
and staff over? The answer to that is yes. So 10% is a fair number to assume in terms of our 
corporate costs going up to INR 70 crore number next year probably go to INR 75 crores, INR 
80 crores. Will that INR 70 crore number [move to 0:42:33] is INR 90 crores, answer to that is 
no. 
Palak Shah: 
And just lastly on the Indonesia business. Last time, you mentioned that July '22 exit ADS 105, 
but this quarter, the reported ADS is 98,000. Is there something special that we have taken an 
initiative that led to this drop? Or this is more structural? 
 
Prashant Desai: 
July, as you know, right, once the Ramadan gets over, there is a period whereby where the whole 
country, people kind of comment, celebrate in a bigger way. So July was largely because of that. 
But let me say here, it has, Indonesia delivered to our expectation, answer to that is, clearly, our 
earlier understanding was that -- and we spoke to you guys and we mentioned that by September 
or latest by December, we expect full COVID recovery. So we’ll go back to our pre-COVID. 
Currently, if you ask us, we believe that instead of December, we are hopeful that by March, we 
should be able to come back to our, our pre-COVID. 
So what we are doing internally, as Rajeev and Sumit mentioned are two things here, we are 
doing a lot of work on the menu as the menu architecture, and it's a certain impact on the gross 
margin. Our gross margin when we acquired this business was about 57.5. We've already been 
able to take this for 57.5 to 59. And gross margin sitting up from where we are, is a very 
important qualitative metric that we drive because in our view, that is a very, very important part 
of how when you are running the business because a lot of the other things sitting below gross 
margin are all linked to ADS. If your ADS grow, those numbers will come in place. But gross 
margin is something that is under your control. So that's one area where the team has 
significantly kind of spent time and work to pull that up. We believe that we'll still further take 
this to closer to 60 by the end of this year. 
Second thing we have taken a call once we went there and did a lot of work is over the last 3, 4 
years, the company Indonesia little bit underinvested on the marketing side. They were not 
present on television. As we see recovery picking up, we are ready with Hrithik like celebrating 
there. We will take -- we are playing on the front foot here, and we will take the Indonesian 
business to television, and we are hopeful that '24 will be a very different year. But yes, in some 
ways, you can say that we are running 6 months behind the Indonesia earning. 
Moderator: 
This is the operator. Mr. Shah, does that answer all your questions? 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Palak Shah: 
And just one more question, if you don't mind. Just on the Everstone stake, the media articles 
mentioning that Everstone is going to sell the entire stake that it holds in Burger King, your 
thoughts on this, please? 
Prashant Desai: 
Yes, when we have done the offshore, we had guided on investors that '23 their fund line gets 
over, so I think the process will start, we as a company and get to hear about that. But at some 
point of time, they will make an exit. As we had mentioned this during our road shows at the IP 
of the exit, it’s going to -- not happen in the public markets in India, the exit is going to happen 
at the F&B Asia level, which is at Singapore. And we were at that point of time, even to 
understand was that when they exit either our large financial sponsor or strategic time will come 
in -- but yes, it will be fair to say '23, '24 is something where you will see that process unfolding. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Centrum PMS. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
My first question is in line with the previous participant. See, I just wanted to understand that 
what is the issue with the Indonesia business because pre-COVID, we were doing 135,000 kind 
of ADS number without the menu alignment, without the advertising spend, without the 
celebrity endorsement. But now we are struggling. I mean, it's -- COVID is gone. What is the 
issue over here? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you. This is -- I think Prashant did explain that very articulately, but I'll take another shot 
at it. Look, there's a couple of things. If you remember, most of -- when India's COVID opening 
had started and it started slowly and it kind of gradually opened up, right? It was state driven. It 
was driven, malls came in and the offices, then schools and colleges. So it wasn't the switch that 
was flipped in one day. It took overtime as the business kind of opened up to the customer. So 
it was a process. 
And we also shared with you last quarter that Indonesia was about 3, 4 months behind India in 
terms of opening up. So that's the first thing, right? So they're kind of a little on the lag. Now 
here in India, when we were in the COVID stage, there's a lot of work that was done on menu 
architecture. I mean, most of the companies and ours specifically, we did a lot of work in 
restructuring and putting our menus and planning to come back post openings – post COVID. 
So that kind of work is going on in Indonesia, right? So the 135 was there, and the potential is 
significantly higher than that. 
That's the excitement about the Indonesian market is there's a potential to drive that business 
significantly as we see that opportunity. So there's a lot of work we're doing on menu. And you 
will understand that in our business, it all starts with menu. It starts with building a quality menu 
architecture, filling the menu architecture with the right items that are tested by the consumer 
that have all the chips and boxes ticked.  
And once you have that structure in place and many architectures just not about quality and food, 
but it's also about pricing. It's about setting up a parameter, which – that is the work that is going 
on. So that's why we said, we will need some time to make sure all those things are in and grow. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
The recovery over there is just in the process of getting in thers, other industry over there is kind 
of in line with the recovery process that we see at our verge over there, maybe slightly better in 
some of the businesses, but predominantly in line with what we are experiencing. 
So you will find that as this thing is kind of behind us, that when we open up fully and we are 
fully stretched moving forward, that we have a top of menu architecture in place. We have a 
campaign in place to come back hard like Kapil had here in India. We had a fantastic campaign 
lined up with Stunner. So those are the things that we're putting in. So the initial thing – the first 
thing that we did over there was [vocal 0:49:47], right?  
I spoke about that in my opening which is the Stunner for Indonesia. So menu architecture, 
again, is about bringing people into the business, graduating them over time period and building 
indulgent menus for those occasions, right? So that story line is we are building it on it. 
[inaudible 0:50:05] our CEO over there, is not today with us. He's on the road and could not 
make it to the call today. But he's working diligently with his team. We have the new CMO 
there, a lot of contribution from Kapil over here who is also helping out with the menu 
architecture and so forth.  
Our Head of Operations also was there for a few days to kind of guide on the opening process. 
So this will take a little while, but this is a very strong business. I'll tell you, as I spoke a quarter 
ago, I am fully convinced about this business. I feel this is a strong business with very good 
economics. It has a very good rent over there. So if you look at the rent in our portfolio right 
now, we are kind of moving. We have gradually brought it down from 15% to 14% to 13% and 
we're kind of moving towards 11%. That business already sits at the 8.5% kind of rent. 
And that's the kind of business that is the cost of sales on delivery is significantly lower. So there 
are some intrinsic advantages to that business that exists. And the rest is about just hard work in 
getting it back in there, yes. I hope that answers your question, right? 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Yes. And a follow-up to that is how long will it take for all these exercises to kind of be in place 
and you reach the benefits out of it? 
Rajeev Varman: 
We will carry you through the journey. We are with you every three months. We are on the 
phone every 3 months. Let's just carry through the journey. Let's not make a forward-looking 
statement on the call. Let's just carry you through the journey. We are working very hard. We 
are working with the team up there. There's a lot of work going on, and we'll keep updating you. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Sure. My second question is on the India business. So if we look at on a sequential basis, Q-on-
Q, there is a 9% growth and out of it, 6% has come from ADS growth, as you mentioned in your 
opening remarks. I just wanted to understand that -- so we have done this campaign on the 
Stunner menu with Hrithik Roshan. And also BK Cafe, the count has increased. All of this could 
only increase the ADS by 6% only? Is that the number we can achieve or we can achieve far 
more? 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Prashant Desai: 
So there are two things, right? One, the number is what it is, which is INR 9,000. Yes, we go 
fund almost 190 cafes. But if you look at on a weighted average quarterly basis, of that INR 
7,000 incremenatal, the Café contribution would be about INR 2,000. But the bigger piece to 
look at it is Cafes doing an incremental ADS of about INR 8,000 to INR 10,000 and if you just 
multiply that number into 365 days into 250 cafes that we will have at the end of this year, you 
will get a sense in terms of the impact of cafe next year, considering the fact that it is at a much 
significant higher gross margin compared to that. So from that perspective, keep that in mind. 
Number two, we have still guided for a 25% same-store growth rates. Sometimes what happens 
is, we have one very good quarter. We could expect that every quarter we will have that kind of 
that right. The July, August, September quarter for the industry as a whole is a softer quarter. So 
will it be fair to compare it to June? I don't think it's a fair comparison to make that comment the 
basis that I think -- look at our business slightly more on an annual basis, we'll deliver your 25% 
same-store.  
Rajeev Varman:  
We are guiding 10%... 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So I understand that September is a weak quarter, but if I may know, how have things been in 
October and fairly first 10 days in November? 
Prashant Desai: 
October, as I said, right, October is the buildup of the -- for us -- sorry, December is the biggest 
month. So yes, as we enter December, we are also hoping, it's our big month, we’ll have lot of 
store openings that have happened. So yes, looking forward to December. 
Rajeev Varman: 
We're guiding sales, SSSG, you've seen that on Prashant's slide, so we'll continue to grow there. 
We have told you that the cafe is adding about 6%, 7% incremental sales. Our intention over 
there is to continue building that. So you put all these building blocks, so the intention is not that 
we do one Hrithik Roshan campaign for a quarter and then we’re done with it. This things just 
keeps going forward, right? That's why it's a scale business. Not only number of restaurants we 
build, but the amount of sales we've been built over time within the same restaurant, right? So 
you will see all this coming through as we build it, okay. 
Moderator: 
I'm really sorry to interrupt, but we have participants waiting. So I would request you to come 
back. Yes, thank you. We have a next question from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique.  
Dhiraj Mistry:  
Congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question is regarding inflation. So what kind 
of inflation we are facing on capex? And what will be the current run rate or current capex per 
store right now? 
Management: 
First of all, we did see some headwinds in the early part of the year, which is now slowly starting 
to kind of settle down as far as the capex-related inflation is concerned. That is one. Secondly, a 
part of the inflation impact, which we are seeing, we are also trying to address through 
reengineering the assets that we kind of put at this to. That's one. Secondly, what Prashant was 
talking about. For us, literally speaking, the scale is shifting for us earlier when you buy assets 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
or for that matter anything, you would be buy for India. Now we've consolidated the entire asset 
buy for India and Indonesia on a consolidated basis. So while various headwinds on the inflation 
side, we've also been able to, in some form, mitigated by the, in the manner of scale, increasing 
the total scale and the buying that we are doing for both the geographies. But otherwise, average 
inflation on the capex side has been around 4% to 5% as far as we're concerned. Roughly, on an 
average, we spend around INR 3.2-odd crores for the purpose of setting up a store. And I'm 
talking about more from the purpose of High Street stores, which is what are going to be our 
strategy way forward. And this also includes the incremental spend that we put for setting of the 
cafe, which is in the region of about INR 20 lakhs to INR 35 lakhs. So that's broadly the capex 
spend that we have. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Yes. That's very helpful. And second, I understand that management is completely independent 
from the promoter, day-to-day activity has not been interfered by the promoter. But in any way, 
stake sale or overhang of this will impact our strategy to expand or do that impact our day-to-
day operation in any day?  
Prashant Desai: 
Yes, hypothetical question, Dhiraj, so my answer will also a little hypothetical in that sense. So 
two things right. If you structurally see the store opening guidance is defined by our Master 
franchise development agreement. So irrespective of the change that happens, that will not 
change. If somewhere in 2023, 2024, when assuming there is a change that takes place in terms 
of control, a lot will depend on who's coming in. But if you also structurally see we've been 
running this shift pretty well and pretty efficiently. I don't see a reason why somebody will want 
to come and disturb ongoing ship that's doing well, because ultimately, they will also take top 
talent for this asset, right? You don't take out down recovered any kind of disturb a well-run 
ship. So hypothetical need that in that sense. All I will request is just wait and watch till some 
time to go. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the final question from the line of Prateek Poddar from Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Can you just go a bit deeper into this 200 basis point of cost impact, which is roughly INR 7 
crores, which is on people, could you just help me understand that what is the INR 7 crores of 
impact? 
Prashant Desai: 
Sure. So Prateek, basically, what happens when we've kind of gone ahead implementing cafes 
across coming across 180-odd stores, we had to literally get people tree. On an average, we put 
two budget stocks to be able to serve a good leverage to our customers when they kind of do it. 
So that is one major shift that we had, this incremental cost on the labor side, on the capex side 
that I was talking about. Similar to that, as we kind of got into putting our money behind café, 
we also apparently saw a very clear opportunity now to expand into the breakfast side of the 
segment for us, which especially seen that we have to open the stores at least, most all the High 
Street stores, it started opening at anywhere between seven to eight, which is incremental two to 
three hours of operations leading to getting three to four people during that period of time. So 
visually as a combination of these two, if you really look at it as why there has been an increase 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
in the labor or we didn't get the leverage efficiency, which we would have otherwise got and do 
not pay these investments. At the same time, we would have also not got the increase in ADS as 
well. So it's a cash '22 situation in terms of whether do you invest ahead or not. We decided to 
invest ahead of the source. 
Rajeev Varman: 
These are kind of costs that they're still on the P&L because of all the accounting. Really, if you 
look at, this is an investment the company makes for the future, right? So when you start a new 
cafe or you start a new day part like breakfast, investment ahead of time wherein the sales will 
come behind and that's how you kind of build those blocks on your journey towards, from 127 
to whatever the journeys you're planning that has blocks as our menu items, those blocks and 
day parts, those blocks, check those blocks or traffic. So there is a strategy. And I think if you 
heard a couple speak, he had those pillars and those pillars are the strategy how to build those 
blocks moving our journey from 127 upwards into upwards. 
Prateek Poddar: 
No, I understand and appreciate that, Raj. But the thing is cafe is a 75% gross margin business. 
And if I take, and I'm just, literally, I can do this with you, if you take the cost of 2 baristas for 
a month and provided by gross margins and you see the ADS, which you need insignificant or 
it's quite less relative to what you've just talked about on an incremental basis. So for me, it's 
very difficult to understand that to digest that, that is just a barista cost which is... 
Kapil Grover: 
Let me just experience, right? So we have hired about 1,000 baristas, right? 800 to 1,000 baristas. 
They have had to go through training for several weeks, right? So that training will happen 
before they put into, you just don't hire them and you switched on and there's a training. What's 
in addition to that, you're building 60, 70 restaurants, right? Those crews don't just go on day 1 
to that restaurant. They go into another restaurant, they trained for several weeks, and then they 
get certified before they go into a restaurant. So there's a lot of training that happens that goes 
into the labor and there's no separate training line on P&L. It's all in the labor line. 
Prateek Poddar: 
That helps. Secondly, just want to check with you. Have you taken any price rises in the month 
of October? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So we haven't taken any significant movement. We take slight changes here and there on 
price, whether it's driven by which market we have gone into, for example, we go in the 
Northeast, we might go and because the distribution costs will be slightly higher. We might take 
slightly higher pricing there. But nothing very significant that has been done at all in that, yes. 
Management: 
I don't think where you are coming from. No. Now compared to where you are coming from in 
terms of your question, no, we've not taken any price hike. 
Prateek Poddar: 
And lastly, just to Prashant. If I were to think of next year and you called out the four levers for 
operating leverage to play out, which is corporate cost, the savings in people cost, again, going 
down incrementally and utility, how should I think about store level margins or company level 
three MFDA margins? Do you hit double digit next year with all these investments paying off? 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Kapil Grover: 
Yes, we will be somewhere in that vicinity. I tell you were a little hesitation in kind of 
committing to that number on a call, which there will be a transcripted. Structurally, I think 
everything is a function of how the ADS grows, right, led this quarter go. October, November, 
December.  
Let's see, there are trends in December, maybe we will see the much better position, probably if 
you give us one more quarter to answer when we come to you in February. But given the capex, 
given that we have about 390 Burger King stores, we are just waiting for one good quarter in 
terms of opex because it resets the base because one thing is very clear here. If you look at our 
ADS which is stood at 127 compared to about 110 when we were pre-COVID.  
We are still short of transaction by about 110, 120 at a check size of about 310. If this transaction, 
this traffic were to come back, then very-very easily hit the number that you are showing. For 
that, we need one good quarter of festive period for people to come out. One thing which is 
currently not helping our cost given that we have a large part of our almost 60% of our portfolio 
is in mourn, unfortunately, the Bollywood movies are not doing well, right? So I'm just hoping 
that with this festive quarter coming a little bit of the Bollywood movie doing well, we should 
be in a much better position to come and answer this question when we come back to you mid 
of December number. 
Prateek Poddar: 
It is extremely successful and drive-thrus rather than High Street, isn't it? So any thoughts why 
you have opened breakfast in High Streets where generally the offtake, whatever I have 
understood of this industry is less versus what it is for drive-thrus? 
Prashant Desai: 
No, should be open both the place, it's not that we've opened one. The only place where we don't 
open for breakfast in malls because, but otherwise, across the board, or high street and drive-
thrus be opened everywhere. 
Prateek Poddar:  
And what's the share of drive-thrus out in 334 restaurants? 
Management: 
 
Around 24% of our portfolio is drive-thru. 
Kapil Grover: 
I think it takes a little longer to build drive-thrus because it's a greenfield kind of project. So 
we're building the pipeline. You can see a lot more of these coming as we kind of move forward. 
But the malls have done like I told you in the last quarter, our malls have done. We get about 15 
malls a year. So we build those, we built high street. Today, in Mumbai, we have a lot of 
opportunity here, sitting at 40 some restaurants, the opportunities to maybe even double or triple 
that number of them, so a lot of high streets will come in, because these are going to the high 
street. There's no room in Mumbai to be building dry-thru restaurants. But then there's 3 ways 
and so forth. So we continue to telling you. 
Management: 
 
Say, we have 41 drive-thrus today. 
Kapil Grover: 
 
Sorry. 41 drive-thrus. 

 
 
 
 
 
   
           Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
 
I would like to hand the floor back to the management for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Desai: 
Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. I know some of you, we've not been able to answer 
the questions. Do send in your questions if they have not been answered to 
vpdesai@bugerkking.in, and we'll do our best to answer them. Thank you, and have a wonderful 
weekend. 
Rajeev Varman:  
Thank you, guys. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nuvama 
Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
