“Cs 
° 
Tea m Lea se 
Putting India to Work 
November 14, 2022 
  
To 
To 
Listing Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 539658 
Scrip Code: TEAMLEASE 
 
 
 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript 
of 
Q2FY23 
Earnings 
Call 
of 
TeamLease 
Services 
Limited 
(TeamLease/Company) 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 
With 
reference 
to 
the 
captioned 
subject 
and 
pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
LODR 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of Q2FY23 Earnings Call hosted on Thursday, 
November 10, 2022 at 11:00 A.M. IST. The same is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://group.teamlease.com/investor/earning-call-transcript/. 
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEB] LODR Regulations, 
2015. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For TeamLease Services Limited 
Alaka Chanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
TeamLease Services Limited, CIN 
: L74140KA2000PLC118395 
Registered Office: 315 Work Avenue Campus, Ascent Bldg. Koramangala Ind. Layout, 
Jyoti Nivas College Road. Koramangala, Bangalore - 560095 
Ph: (91-80) 6824 3000 Fax: (91-80) 6824 3001 corporateaffairs@teamlease.com /https//group.teamlease.com/
ALAKA 
CHANDA
Digitally signed by 
ALAKA CHANDA 
Date: 2022.11.14 
16:10:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“TeamLease Services Limited  
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
    
   
      
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TEAMLEASE SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MS. RITUPARNA CHAKRABORTY – CO-FOUNDER-
TEAMLEASE AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
DEGREE APPRENTICESHIP – TEAMLEASE SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SPECIALIZED STAFFING – TEAMLEASE SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MS. RAMANI DATHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TEAMLEASE SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ADITI PATIL – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TeamLease Services Limited Q2 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the call over to 
Ms. Aditi Patil from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to you, Aditi. 
Aditi Patil: 
Thank you, Yashashree. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Thank 
you, TeamLease management for giving us the opportunity to host the Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Call. We have with us today Mr. Ashok Reddy, Managing Director and CEO, Ms. Rituparna 
Chakraborty, Co-Founder of TeamLease and CEO Degree Apprenticeship, Mr. Sunil, CEO 
Specialized Staffing, and Ms. Ramani Dathi, CFO. We will start off with the remarks from the 
management, after which we will open the floor for Q&A session. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ashok Reddy. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Thank you, Aditi, and good morning to all. I think as we close quarter 2, we continue to see 
growth traction happening in staffing across some of our industry verticals, but clearly are 
seeing headwinds in specialized staffing and the Degree Apprenticeship program, details of 
which Sunil and Ritu will cover a little later. We did enter the year very optimistic of 
continued tailwind, but there has been a softening in the external environment, which is 
driving us to focus on productivity and cost. While there will be growth, I think some of the 
costs that we invested in, given the external environment, we are relooking at, at this point in 
time. 
Overall, we did grow our headcount by about 6,500 for the quarter, and the overall revenue 
growth has been 29% year-on-year and 4% quarter-on-quarter. We did have an absolute EBIT 
and PBT growth and improved margins quarter-on-quarter. I think that's something that we 
had called out that we would focus on, and we incrementally be driving that.  
We maintained the PAPM and marginally improved the FTE for the quarter. Focus on hiring 
has continued to play out with higher conversion and a higher absolute number of hires that we 
have been doing for our customers. Our core headcount has largely been flat. And in line with 
my earlier statement, we probably would reduce our core headcount as we go forward by not 
replacing attrition in line with the market demand, market conditions. 
EdTech has been deferral in billings, but I think the feedback from universities and the student 
billing are that we would likely cover up in the coming quarters on that deferral revenue. 
HRTech is continuing to see momentum in growth of revenues and also the market 
opportunity, and we are investing there to leverage the opportunity into the future. Overall, we 
believe the long-term opportunity in our markets continue to play out because some of them 
will have headwinds, some will have tailwinds. But in the long term, we believe they all have 
growth opportunity, and we will continue to focus on growth, margin improvement and capital 
investment choices as we go forward. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Ritu will give an update on the DA front, Sunil on specialized staffing and Ramani, a little bit 
on the finances. 
Rituparna Chakraborty: 
Thanks Ashok. We made progress from our Q1 performance and have registered a net growth 
in Apprentices to the tune of 4,000. Among the four businesses, with degree Apprenticeship, 
retail, e-commerce, auto, industrial were major contributors. Demand in tech telecom, BFSI 
and consumer has been sluggish. We maintained steady momentum in new logo acquisition, 
having added 28 new logos taking our half year count to almost 60.  
High contribution to gross contribution improved marginally by about 2% and the non-
recruited channel contribution to overall hiring additions have been around 70%, which is 
better than last quarter, 46%. As overall conversion has also improved to about 30 as against 
last quarter 25. However, this is definitely not where I would like it to be. 
However, the overall volume of open positions have been showing a declining trend month-
on-month and is much below our expectations. Our FTE productivity ratio improved 
significantly for the business with an improvement of 4% over the previous quarter. To update 
you on some recent developments, volatility in the market notwithstanding the regulatory 
environment with frequent ill-conceived and archaic and frequent changes and announcements 
in this space is expected to have significant impact on our overall growth in the apprenticeship 
space.  
And the overall appetite of apprentices in general amongst prospects and customers. However, 
we are engaging very closely with the regulatory authorities to iron out the issues and over a 
period of time hope to ease out some of the current challenges. In the next two quarters, so far, 
we do not expect a significant growth in volumes the way it stands today. So thank you. Sunil, 
over to you. 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
Thanks, Ritu. I would like to give little bit about specialized staffing. We witnessed an 
unexpected headwind in the IT sector, leading to sudden slowdown in the hiring. Amidst this 
turmoil, we maintained steady revenues and grew by 5 percentage year-on-year and de-grew 
marginally on a sequential basis. The decrease in revenue this quarter is primarily driven by 
strategically opting out one big client due to payment issues. It is for the same reason that we 
see associate headcount drop of 9% on a sequential basis. 
However, from a year-on-year perspective, the associate headcount has increased marginally 
by 2%. Many of our clients have slowed down on hiring and most of our customers are 
focused on improving the utilization factor through effective use of resources rather than 
adding headcount. The open demands have dropped by approximately 40% in this quarter. 
However, we focused on improving on productivity and fulfillment ratio, which helped us to 
further strengthen our position as a partner of choice. 
The macroeconomic indicators point to very soft client quarters as we go forward with 
uncertain outlook for growth. We have witnessed some tech hiring in non-tech companies post 
pandemic as most of them have embarked on digitization programs. We shall focus on 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
balancing the current dip in the IT sector hiring through tech and non-tech hiring to some 
extent. We have added 14 logos in this quarter, and we will continue to focus on client 
acquisition in rest of the fiscal year. These new logos represent a balanced mix of IT and non-
IT companies. The outlook for the next quarter is uncertain based on the current market 
conditions. We expect the revenue growth to be broadly flat or might even see a marginal 
decrease. During H1, we invested for tailwind, which has turned to headwind. And in H2, we 
will focus on cost optimization, client addition and productivity improvement. We have a very 
strong leadership team with potent industry experience and shall try to maximize the current 
market opportunity. Thank you. 
Ramani Dathi: 
Thank you, Sunil. Good morning all. As we have indicated in the last quarter, our costs have 
remained flat. All investments have already being fully absorbed, and we are not expecting any 
increase in our core headcounts or costs for the next few quarters. Because of tighter control on 
costs, we have managed to grow our EBITDA by 25% and PBT by 16%, even though revenue 
growth is only 4%.  
So overall, at unallocated level, the EBITDA is INR 9 crores. However, this quarter, as 
advised by the auditors, the government training business, which is on a sunset mode, has been 
moved from HR services to unallocated. So that has added to almost INR 4 crores impact on 
unallocated EBITDA. Barring that, as we have indicated last quarter, we are and we will be 
maintaining a run rate of INR 9 crores per quarter. 
Under HR Services, EdTech the profitability is skewed to H2 of the year, and we are expecting 
overall 8% net margin for the year. On income tax front, we got a clean order for assessment 
year 2021 with full relevance on 80JJAA. The refund is expected in the next couple of weeks. 
And our current cash balances stand upwards of INR 250 crores, we'll be utilizing them for any 
organic and inorganic opportunities at this point in time. Thank you. 
Ashok Reddy: 
 
We are now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Aditi Patil from ICICI Securities. 
Aditi Patil: 
My first question is regarding general staffing. So revenue growth in this segment was 4.7% 
quarter-on-quarter, whereas headcount growth, if we consider general staffing plus NETAP 
headcount, it grew only 2.6% quarter-on-quarter. So does this mean that realization per 
associate has increased for us? 
Ashok Reddy: 
So effectively, I mean, like we had called out earlier, we are seeing higher inflation in wages. I 
think our PAPMs in absolute terms are flat. But as a percentage aspect, it is marginally down. 
Aditi Patil: 
So, but so even though like the realization is higher because of wage inflation, but that is not 
flowing into the margin, correct? 
Ashok Reddy: 
 
Yes. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Ramani Dathi: 
So Aditi, 75% of our markups are on fixed model, fixed markup model, only 25% is on 
variable. So we get benefit only on the 25%. The balance, 75% as a percentage markup gets 
diluted as and when the salary, target salaries goes up. 
Aditi Patil: 
And so in specialized staffing also, we have seen a similar trend like headcount decline was 
higher at 9.6%, whereas revenue decline was just 2.5%. So over here also it was because of 
associate salary inflation? 
Ashok Reddy: 
So here, it is not that, like Sunil had called out, we let go of one mandate, which was a low-
margin mandate in the telecom vertical. And that led to the -- and that was let go of towards 
the end of Q2. And the replacements have largely been in the IT skill sets, which are higher 
wages. So that's really why you see a bigger dip in headcount in the specialized staffing side, 
but not that bigger impact from a revenue billing perspective. 
Aditi Patil: 
And sir, in terms of hiring, like Q3 is generally like seasonally strong. So can you comment on 
the demand trends in each of the verticals in general staffing? 
Ashok Reddy: 
So like I said, general staffing, we still are seeing demand, and we believe that some of the 
verticals in BFSI, consumer and retail are looking at opportunities for growth. We have open 
positions, we are delivering to them. Some of the -- like the emerging fintech, EdTech and all 
of these have been on a slowdown and a backtrack headwind aspect. So I think overall from a 
general staffing perspective, we do continue to see open positions and an opportunity for 
growth playing out in Q3, Q4. 
But like it was called out specialized staffing, is facing headwinds, absorption of associates 
and headcount freeze. So there is an element of probably a flattishness there. And DA has 
some external challenges around the aspect of the government regulations of onboarding 
apprentices and stuff, which is delaying and deferring the element of open positions and client 
onboarding. So I think overall, we should see a positive trend largely driven by general staffing 
and some element of a flattishness from the other two. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment Managers. 
Bharat Shah: 
I have a business model-related question. Our margins have always been sort of say, wafer 
thin. And even on those wafer thin margins, we hardly seem to register any improvement. In 
fact, we seem to surrender them and seemingly post some small improvements on and off 
basis. Net-net our ambition to improve our margins on a long term that we maintained several 
times, but has never materialized.  
So overall size of profits will we see it begets a question whether this business model is 
designed to get a predictable long-term sustainable growth despite a large formalization 
opportunity? Or it is we just leave existence from quarter-to-quarter and we would have 
reasons to explain sometimes good, sometimes not so good a performance. Because, and time-
to-time, we seem to be getting into some activity, which we then regret and we want to 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
withdraw. When we put into the skills business or whatever we call it, and we want to close it 
down.  
HR services, we think is a good business where it never seems to make any money, the 
adequate money. So in general, I'm a bit perplexed as to what exactly is the business model? 
Really in sync with the formalization opportunity, is there any meaningful long-term 
predictable value-creating growth possible in the business? And whether to get a respective 
enough margin, which justifies so much of activity and so much of work to be done. 
Otherwise, it just sounds meandering from one period to another without any very clear 
purpose. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Bharat, I mean I appreciate the question, but I think the purpose of the opportunities that we 
have in employment, employability and education does exist. If not, and we have been calling 
this out from the beginning, a high-margin business. It is a volume business, and hence, will 
require us to do a lot of things operationally and at scale on a continuous basis, it's a choice of 
industry that we have taken. Two elements as we scale, while the largest element of continued 
play over the many years has been on volume and scale, we are looking to see how it can also 
be on value and that is really where the portfolio got built up. 
Now as we build the portfolio, there are trials and errors that we have to do because most of 
what we are doing is not a tried and tested market. And from that perspective, I think from a 
long-term outlook, we will make mistakes. We will take small bets in things that if they play 
out, we increase our play on if they don't play out, we pull back on and so on. And that has 
been the reality over the last many years, if we look at it. And I think that is something that we 
will continue to do also into the future. 
In relation to HRTech, I don't think it's been a business that has been continuously losing 
money. It has made money and a margin last year. There is a cyclicality involved in that. In the 
training specific business of HR the, on that side, we did get into government training, but we 
realized that dealing with the government was not our cup of tea, we have decided to pull back 
from that. So I think there are many variables in there that there is no right answer to, and there 
is an element of an experiment to be done.  
And as we realize something plays for us, we scale up, something doesn't play we pull back. 
But it's your point that margin improvement is really something that -- while after your profits, 
we have been able to drive up the margins have not driven up. And I think that at a portfolio 
level coming to play is really what we are looking at, and as I called out, we will be focusing 
on. Pure scale is playing out, but we want to address it to scale and value. 
Ramani Dathi: 
So just want to add on that point, Bharat, on absolute profits, we are improving on a steady-
state basis. However, since COVID, we are seeing a very sharp increase in average salaries, 
which is diluting our overall margins. We don't have any direct control on 75% of the business, 
which is our fixed markup model. So it is impacting our margins. There is some sort of 
unpredictability on that front, so we also agree.  

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
So that's why we are trying to balance the portfolio with higher-margin businesses like HR 
services and specialized staffing. So specialized staffing did very well. And this quarter is 
where we have started to see the headwinds. And HR services we turned profitable last year. 
And as I mentioned earlier, even this year also, we'll maintain an 8% net profit run rate in that 
business on a full year basis. And since there is a very tighter control on costs, there will be a 
steady margin improvement quarter-on-quarter starting this quarter, and we are confident of 
demonstrating that. 
Ashok Reddy: 
And just also just to add, Bharat, the only leading inorganic investment out, we are debt free, 
cash flow positive and cash-generating company. The only area outside of inorganic that we 
can invest in, and it translates if it's a fees to high return on equity is choices around certain 
verticals or business opportunities. And I think it is a judicious call for us to explore those 
opportunities as they come up. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec India. Mr. 
Padmanabhan, your volume is very low. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So a couple of questions. So the first is, you mentioned the general staffing business should do 
quite okay over the next two quarters. It's more of the DA and the IT, the specialized staffing, 
which will be under pressure. That said, in the general staffing business, is there any slowness 
that you're witnessing? Or it is the current momentum continues, right? So that's the first 
question.  
The second was a clarification. I think, Ritu, you had mentioned about lower open positions. 
Were you referring to the DA business? Or was it for general staffing overall? So I think both 
are a combined thing. And lastly, if you could give some color on what are those regulatory 
challenges that we are facing, if you could give some specific color there as well. Thank you. 
Ashok Reddy: 
So in general staffing, the momentum of growth continues to play out, Nitin. But obviously, 
some sectors have started to -- I mean have had a headwind. I mean, we did have an entire 
vertical focused on the emerging sectors of EdTech and fintech and all of that, the funding fees 
has put a complete halt on hiring, actually translating into the reversal of letting layoffs 
happening in that sector. I think even telecom has been a slowdown from an open positions 
perspective.  
So I would say the balance play out, some sectors have seen a slowdown in open positions, 
some sectors are seeing an uptick in open positions. At a gross level, we are still positive from 
a perspective of open positions, onboarding and growth. But it is not in line with if all verticals 
had been firing the way they seem to be going at the start of the year. So to that extent, I would 
say there is some element of a softening for general staffing in the quantum of open positions 
that we thought there would be for the year as we were in Q4.  
But I mean net of that, we are still positive on that front. I think the slowdown in some open 
positions that Ritu was mentioning was specific to DA. And I will also let her cover the 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
specifics of some of the regulatory hurdles that are leading up to the element of that slowdown 
on that. 
Rituparna Chakraborty: 
The thing is, yes, there is, the open positions sluggishness that I'm anticipating here are is on 
the DA side. Given that this, we are talking about deploying apprentices, organizations invest 
in apprentices keeping the future in mind. And given the little bit of uncertainty that some 
sectors are faced in, I think it's something that some organizations are choosing to put on the 
back burner in terms of their prioritization and on the regulatory front, actually, there have 
been frequent extremely archaic changes that have been made in recent times.  
I mean one of them is like for every registration of an apprentice in the portal, there needs to 
be an immediate OTP verification, and mobile verification and e-mail verification. Given the 
profile of some of these youth, I mean, this is something which is hugely impacting their 
onboardings and essentially becomes a dampener.  
Some of the claims -- I mean there is a direct benefit that the government had few months back 
initiated directly into the account of the trainees. There has been a huge lag in that essentially 
with something which was supposed to have been done in 72 hours is now taking two, three 
months.  
And that itself is becoming again a dampener for both candidates as well as employers who are 
very keen to deploy apprentices. But I do, I'm confident that the constant dialogues that I'm 
having with the government, with NSDC, we should be able to turn around some of these and 
be able to showcase some improvement, but it's not going to happen overnight. And that's the 
reason I'm kind of anticipating some amount of slowdown and flattishness in the coming two 
quarters. 
Ashok Reddy: 
I mean just to add to that, Nitin, I think some of the well-intentioned objectives of the 
government translating onto the ground from an operational execution perspective, are kind of 
putting more challenges given the profile of the apprentices for corporates and the candidates. 
And that's kind of pushing them back. We are in dialogue with the government to kind of try 
and address these changes and processes, but with the government it does take time. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sir, this is very helpful. Just one clarification is the emerging sectors, what proportion of the 
headcount would they have been earlier? 
Ashok Reddy: 
 
About 12% was in emerging. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Deep Shah from Batlivala & Karani Securities 
India Private Limited. 
Deep Shah: 
Sir, given that it's right, this will be a volume gain for quite a few years. Are there any large 
sectors that we wish to enter afresh or where we are not present and then we can tap into those 
sectors, is there any such opportunity you have in your mind? 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Ashok Reddy: 
So that's really where our portfolio has built up, Deep. If you look at it a few years back, we 
didn't have specialized staffing. And specialized staffing came in as a higher margin play to the 
table. Our entire HR services, if I were to split up between EdTech, REGTech and HRTech, 
EdTech and REGTech have been in the portfolio for a while. Both of them have turned 
positive, will turn positive by end of this year also, and our higher margin businesses. HRTech 
is one area that we have chosen to invest in. And that is in a new vertical scale play that we are 
looking at, which will be a higher margin business. And hence, it will complement the overall 
offering that we take to the customer.  
So from that perspective, as I had mentioned earlier to Bharat's question, I think consciously 
looking at what verticals or P&L could complement our overall product portfolio and offering 
to customers. We don't want to get into businesses that are unrelated, but related 
complementing, offering that play not necessarily to volume. Volume will come from general 
staffing, but other businesses could effectively drive the element of higher margins over a 
period of time. So yes, we will continue to look for opportunities on that front to build on the 
portfolio. Not, we will not get into unrelated areas, but complementary areas. And one of the 
key areas that we are making investments currently is in the HRTech space. Key will be to 
focus on profit and profitability with margins. 
Deep Shah: 
Right, sir. This is very helpful. Sir, as a follow-up, if you could give us some color, may not 
exact numbers, but some color as to, as we speak today, how many of our large clients are we 
also offering these extra services? I mean any assessment around that? And what is the 
potential to penetrate the current clients? Any such color would be very helpful. 
Ashok Reddy: 
So today, each business in a sense, operates on its own, Deep, which is to say that we have a 
little over 3,000-plus customers across the different businesses. About 15% of them use more 
than two products from TeamLease. So one of the key focus that every P&L has now is also to 
work up a cross-sell, upsell opportunity with the customers that we are working with.  
So I think that is a focus area that we are driving on either through dedicated cross-sell teams 
in some of the P&L or the existing account managers being upskilled to be able to sell the 
other products to the customer. So the initial play for us was to build independent P&Ls and 
independent clients, now that there is an element of maturity in the products and services, we 
do and are focusing on cross-selling and upselling to the overall customer base on the product 
portfolio. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Vidit from IIFL Securities. 
Vidit Shah: 
My first question was on these cost saving initiatives that you are talking about to combat the 
lack of volume growth. Could you just shed some light on what are those sort of initiatives that 
you may take other than the reduction call employees? And if possible, is it, can you quantify 
the amount that you think we can save from these levels? 
Ashok Reddy: 
So effectively, like I had called out earlier, the only investment that we can make for organic 
growth is in teens. And I think we had made choices last year towards the end of the year, 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
given how the market was looking and the tailwinds existed to increase the teens in sales, 
account management, in recruiters and everything else.  
Obviously, now with an element of a slowdown in certain areas where there is lesser demand 
or decrease in demand, we have people not having sufficient work or not being productive 
enough. And that's really where the aspect of headcount rationalization opportunity in the core 
employees comes in. We'd say flat on the headcount in Q2 other than in HRTech where I 
called out that we are making an investment.  
And I think in Q3, Q4, that headcount would probably reduce. For us, we don't have much 
other high fixed costs. I mean our office spaces are at optimal, some of them being business 
centers and operating on increase or decrease depending on the headcount aspect. And I think 
the second element is driving forward the digitization agenda that will improve the 
productivity. Even this quarter, we did have a slight improvement in the FTE ratio that we 
measure, which plays on saying that technology digitization at the back end is kind of sizing an 
element of productivity at the front end. And we have a road map further that, that will play 
out.  
At this point, Vidit, it's difficult to quantify the specific numbers because we are playing it out 
on an incremental basis depending on, we don't want to do a knee-jerk reaction. We still 
believe that the market opportunity is positive to the long haul. Is that long haul one quarter 
away, two quarters away or three quarters away seems uncertain at this point in time. So we're 
not going to do a knee-jerk reaction, but it will be a gentle kind of action as we go forward. 
Vidit Shah: 
Secondly, just some color on the IT staffing margins, the specialized staffing margins, sorry. I 
mean, despite a reduction in headcount and a loss of customer, we've actually seen EBITDA 
increase very marginally, but nonetheless increase quarter-on-quarter, and we are probably 
seeing the best margins over the last six quarters. So are these sort of margins sustainable 
given the headwinds that the business is likely to face in the coming few quarters? Or would 
you expect some sort of margin corrections to happen out there in just to be competitive 
enough in the market? 
Ashok Reddy: 
I think some of the underlying for that in margins being flat and staying there is largely driven 
by the fact that we have been able to let go of some of our low-margins business. It was 
actually hurting on the DSO front and the element of the profit front overall. And I think we've 
used this window to kind of let go those mandates and kind of hold on to the mandate that 
actually play to the aspects of the bottom line coming in.  
I think also, as Sunil had called out while IT is clearly facing headwinds and there's a 
slowdown, professional staffing in that is to say, IT and non-IT is something that they have 
been driving for the last two quarters, three quarters, and numbers there have started going up. 
It's not large in volume, but it compensates for the volume that we lose in low margin playing 
out to higher margin on this front.  

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
So I think as we look at it going forward, sustaining the margins is something that should be 
possible. Growth is really where the challenge is at this point given the market. But I think the 
fact that our realizations are what they are. Our hiring capabilities are strong. We have been 
closing more open positions though they are just kind of replacing the attrition that is 
happening at the client end all of those metrics are better from our perspective. So I think for 
the coming two quarters, also, we see that margins should be sustainable. Growth is what we 
are calling out could be a challenge. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Alok Deshpande from Edelweiss Securities. 
Alok Deshpande: 
A couple of questions. First, just a -- on the general staffing business, just to take a step back. I 
think somewhere around the middle of last year, we saw a headcount addition gaining 
momentum maybe because of the teams that you had beefed up on the sales side. And also, I 
think the numbers in north of 10,000 associates added there for a couple of quarters. Now I just 
want to understand, was that a case of more of a pent-up demand because of FY '21 being 
depressed or before that because of COVID and other scenario being depressed? Or now this 
quarter, we have seen only about 4,000 getting added. Now going forward, are we going to see 
any momentum going up on those numbers? Or given that the festive season is behind us, are 
we looking at those numbers shrinking as well? I mean without getting into specifics, I think 
just want to see the general trajectory. 
Ashok Reddy: 
So Alok, yes, for the last year and the year before, we did see post-COVID, which kind of did 
bring in a lot of demand and a lot of onboarding and growth in numbers. I think this year, that 
element has been more subdued. So there is no reversal of a pent-up demand. However, we did 
enter the year expecting a continued high demand situation.  
But I think external variables or whether it was the war or the impending recession talk or 
higher interest rates, funding fees for certain sectors. All of them have had their play out in 
some way or the other in muting demand in certain sectors. Some sectors continue to grow and 
have demand.  
So I think from that perspective, yes, I mean, there was a knee-jerk reaction when COVID 
happened, there was a knee-jerk reaction on the river when it went away. This year has been 
more of a continued play in a so-called stable environment with macroeconomic headwinds 
from different areas. So to that extent, I think a sustained play out to growth is what we are 
looking at in general staffing. I don't think there is a quantum jump that is going to happen. 
Alok Deshpande: 
And also, on the cash, or the use of cash, Ramani briefly mentioned that we're looking at some 
inorganic opportunities as well. So will you be looking at the higher margin specialized 
staffing business, which looking at the scenario, some businesses might be available at 
bargains in the coming quarters? What's the thought process there? 
Ashok Reddy: 
So clearly, I think the inorganic opportunities are being explored in areas of profit, profitability 
and margin play that complement our portfolio at this point. So yes, we have been looking at 
opportunities in specialized staffing, we have been looking at opportunities in HRTech. We 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
have been looking at opportunities in REGTech. So areas that effectively will complement us 
and will enable us to grow, which also bring in some element of a platform or a team or a 
client base.  
In EdTech, also, we've been looking at opportunities where obviously, given the market, there 
is no profitability, but we are looking at a platform that has been built come in at a cost and 
stuff. So different opportunities, but largely, yes, looking at M&A or inorganic complementing 
profitability over a period of time. 
Ramani Dathi: 
And also, Alok, our ticket prices will not be at a very high value, it will be more or less in the 
range of what we have done in the past. And as Ashok mentioned, we'll only focus on 
businesses which are profit accretive to us and in the higher margin businesses because in 
general staffing we are adding headcount, maybe this quarter, the momentum has slightly 
come down. But otherwise, we'll focus only on higher-margin investments going forward. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
Sir, my question is on the... 
Ashok Reddy: 
 
Sorry, Amit, we lost you. 
Moderator: 
We have lost his connection. We'll take our next question from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya 
from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
I have a few broader questions with respect to several sector like IT and ITeS. I would like to 
know your view on the recent global firing in certain top clients of world like Meta and all? 
And will it impact on, any impact on our Indian hiring fees in IT sector? Second, how you see 
the demand environment from IT and ITeS sector for the next years and, or a couple of 
quarters going forward?  
Because companies in the listed space and even in non-listed are continuously hiring in pass-
through quarters, but now from here onwards, what's your discussion or negotiation ongoing 
with these respective sectors? And also, do you see any reduction in the CTC and the variable 
pay in this sectors due to a slowdown which has started a quarter back for IT and ITeS 
specifically? 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
From the global point of view, the layouts, what layouts, what are happening will definitely 
have an impact on Indian scenario also because a lot of our business is dependent on the US 
markets, in the IT, ITeS so that will cascade down, and we are already seeing a tightening of 
hiring across our customers as I gave the input in my call. So we already have a 40% drop in 
the requirements, which has actually led to the current situation.  
And we foresee that this might continue till the time we see a better outlook from the ITeS 
customers. Regarding the salary levels, there was a sudden spike in last year because of the 
talent scarcity where everybody were hiring and paying double the wages. That has already 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
evened out, and now we don't see further reduction in the salaries or variable pays. It will 
remain the same. The requirement is what we currently have a slowdown. 
Rituparna Chakraborty: 
So while the salaries may not come down drastically, the hikes which we have seen in last two 
years are upwards of 20%, so the hikes may get corrected and also non-salary payments like 
joining bonus and other incentives, there definitely there will be a dip. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Sorry, ma'am, your voice was not clear. Can you repeat what you said? 
Rituparna Chakraborty: 
Yes, while the salaries may not come down drastically, the hike percentage will come down 
because last two years, we have seen a consistent increments of 20% on IT salaries. So those 
percentages will definitely come down. And also non-salary payments like joining bonus and 
other incentives is where we can see a substantial dip. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
So my question is on the on the markup. So the markup, if you see, it has been almost constant 
over the last eight quarters. And if I see the general staffing margins, then it has been 
structurally coming down, right? So, on the levers of margin expansion was obviously 
increasing markups, which we have not seen, and other was like, as we mentioned, the cost 
cutting initiatives that you are taking. So how do you see the markups panning out? Are we 
seeing some improvement there? And in terms of the margin improvement for the general 
staffing only like cost-cutting initiatives is sufficient to increase margins, sir? 
Ashok Reddy: 
So ideally, Amit, from our perspective, improving margins and controlling costs would be the 
right way to drive the margin improvement in the general staffing business. But as you called 
out, we have had a flat realization in general staffing. The last two years have also been tough 
negotiations with customers to hold even to that, just given the element of the COVID I mean 
payout and the discounts that customers were expecting and all of that.  
So I think, yes, whatever we have been able to upsell or cross-sell to customers has been 
absorbed by discounts or the negotiations that have played out. It's not a happy situation to be 
in, but it is something like I called out earlier, we would like to address by being able to upsell 
and cross-sell as we go forward. So I think really from our perspective trying to drive that INR 
700 up is on the agenda having been successful primarily given the competitive play in the 
market.  
As against that, I think trying to improve margins is largely through productivity, which is to 
say that the technology initiatives or other things that we are doing at the back end continue to 
play into FTE improvement and contribution improvement at the bottom line. And that, we 
believe, still has headroom to play out and is something that we are focusing on as we go 
forward. 
Amit Chandra: 
And on the specialized staffing, you mentioned that the volume decline is primarily due to 
scaling down in one telecom client. So ex-of that, how much decline we have seen in the IT 
staffing this quarter, or you also mentioned that there has been a 40% decline in the open 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
positions, so that is primarily related to IT or this is overall for the all specialized? And also, if 
you can also explain how the margins will pan out for specialized staffing especially if we are 
seeing some kind of salary cuts or salary decline there? And also in terms in terms of markups, 
how it is in specialized staffing in terms of fixed and variable? 
Ashok Reddy: 
So we've actually, I mean, net of the telecom mandate that we lost, we actually added 2% 
growth in associate count, if I were to negate that. So like I called out earlier, it's kind of been 
flattish from a growth perspective on headcount with most of the net, gross additions that we 
are doing being complemented by attrition or absorption at the client end. In specialized 
staffing, we are primarily on a rate card model. 
It's not so much a PAPM model, where effectively we work on a rate card net of the CTC of 
the employee is our realization. And there, we are at a double-digit net realization at a margin 
level. And since we have to do 100% of the hiring and have a large support mechanism from a 
client perspective, we come down to that 8.5% as net margin aspect thereon. Our belief at this 
point, Amit, is that like I again, I repeat it that we do have growth headwind. At this point, we 
are not seeing any margin headwinds. So I think if we hold our employee base, if we are able 
to deliver at the costs that we have, we should be able to sustain our margins in specialized 
staffing. 
Moderator: 
 
We'll take our last question from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Just want to understand that, that INR 700 markup that you charge, could you speak about has 
there been any inflation adjusted growth in that number over the last few years? Or has that 
been fixed? And your propensity to even take inflation adjusted increases in that markup. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Yes. So as per the agreement, we do have it with customers that there will be an annual hike on 
the realization that the reality comes down that when we have to get the hike or when the 
contract is being renewed, it is by mutual consent and customers do throwback to holding it at 
the pain point or in the last two years, we've actually had a throwback to give further discounts 
given the challenges that corporates were facing.  
So to that extent, over the last four quarters to five quarters, we've kind of been planned on that 
absolute value playing out as an average across a large client base. We have not been able to 
factor in the aspect of inflation hike on a continuous basis from the customers. So we do have a 
challenge on that. Like I was mentioning in the earlier question, our lever to an element of 
profit increase has largely been FTE and productivity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Thank you, Aditi. So like we called out, I think we still stay extremely positive on the long-
term opportunity of the market that we play to. The portfolio that we have built will enable us 
to drive the volume and value growth over a period of time. We have chosen to be in a volume 
business with high transaction activity on a continuous basis. It's a conscious choice, and we 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
will kind of drive on that. But the product portfolio that we have been building should 
complement that as we go forward. I think some of our businesses where we were in an 
investment mode have got into profitability, a new area of HRTech that we are looking to 
invest in.  
But having said that, none of these will be large-scale cost structures that overnight flipped our 
margins of what we have, we should be able to incrementally work on improving the margins 
as we address the element of scale growth from general staffing at this point with some 
headwind in DA and specialized staffing, but the teams exist to kind of play to the opportunity 
as it opens up. So I think we will stay conscious of growth, profit, profitability, margins and 
capital investment as a continued focus. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
