  
& G y 
i — 
Gujarat Narmada Valley 
SO 
= 
nzadix, 
Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
Gure 
“Manca 
CIN 
: L24110GJ1976PLC002903 
An ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001 & ISO 50001 Certified Company 
P.O Narmadanagar - 392015, Dist. Bharuch, Gujarat, India 
Ph. (02642) 247001, 247002 Website: www.gnfc.in 
NO. SEC/BD/SE/ 
FAX 
: 02642 — 247084 
November 14, 2022 
E-Mail: acshah@gnfc.in 
Dy General Manager 
The Manager 
BSE Ltd. 
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Dept 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
14st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Rotunda Bldg 
C-1, Block 
- “G’, 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 001 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Co. Code; BSE - "500670" 
Co. Code: NSE- ""GNFC EQ" 
  
Sub.: Transcript of Investors 
| Analysts meet through Conference Call. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
We had vide our letter dated Ogt” November, 2022 intimated the Stock Exchanges 
about the schedule of Investors 
/ Analysts meet through Conference Call on Friday, 
44%” November, 2022 at 3:30 PM IST through Conference Call. 
We send herewith a copy of Transcript of Investors / Analysts meet through Conference 
Call which took place on 11" November, 2022. The said transcript along with the audio 
is also uploaded on the Company's website i.e. www.gnfc.in 
We request you to kindly take note of the above. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For GUJARAT NARMADA VALLEY FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LTD 
ASEWINKUMA ieataaman 
RCHIMANLAL 
 cHimanat sHaH 
SHAH 
Date: 2022.11.14 
17:03:50 +05'30" 
CS AC SHAH 
COMPANY SECRETARY & GM (LEGAL)

“Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2022 
EGY 
Vay 
Yow 
IW 
cH 
Oo 
R 
@© 
5 @c 
APL iL 
® 
GNFC 
ANURAG SERVICES LLP 
Advertising, Digital & Branding Solutions 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. D V PARIKH — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
- GUJARAT NARMADA VALLEY 
FERTILIZERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Mr. 
Y 
N 
PATEL 
— 
HEAD 
OF 
OPERATIONS 
AND 
MAINTENANCE- 
GUJARAT 
NARMADA 
VALLEY 
FERTILIZERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Mk. J. I. DESAI — HEAD, INDUSTRIAL CHEMICAL 
SALES 
Mr. MANISH UPADHYAY — HEADS INDUSTRIAL 
PRODUCTS CHEMICALS 
ANALYST: 
Mr. NITESH VAGHELA — ANURAG SERVICES LLP 
Page | of 17

Nitesh Vaghela: 
D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to the second quarter earnings conference call of 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited hosted by Anurag Services LLP. 
From the management we have Mr. D V Parikh — Executive Director CFO; Mr. Y N Patel - 
Head of Operation and Maintenance and other senior dignitaries from the management. 
I 
would like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host this call. We will 
begin the call with opening remarks for the management post which we will have a question 
and answer session. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Thank you moderator and organizer and good afternoon to all the participants. Basically I 
will 
start with the general factors which are impacting and running within India. Our 
operations are predominantly confined to India. Basically two factors have been more 
pronounced during Q1 is the inflation and second is the impact of foreign exchange rates. 
Inflationary situation has been around since last 6 to 8 months by now. RBI is trying to 
contain the inflation through different means (inaudible) 1:48 especially by increasing the 
interest rate to contain the money flow within the economy. Exchange rate has been 
depreciated by almost about 10% over the last 6 months. 
Coming to the specific part of the industry both chemical and fertilizer, fertilizer subsidy 
has been a main area of concern for the government since even after increasing more than 
105% of the total subsidy which totaled up to 215000 Crores by now the expected subsidy 
is going to cross or likely to cross around 250,000 Crores. On fertilizer side, there are three 
important developments. One is the recent announcement of the NBS rates which are going 
to be valid for H2 of FY2022-2023. GNFC also has one fertilizer where it is applicable. The 
second is the policy relating to the one nation one fertilizer where a sort of co-branding is 
going to prevail for all the urea manufacturing units as well as other fertilizer manufacturing 
units. The third is the announcement of PM-KSK that is Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samrudhhi 
Kendra. So these are the three developments which are going to impact across the board all 
the companies which are into manufacturing as well as retailing of fertilizers. On the bulk 
chemical part which is industrial product part there are some contradictory observations in 
terms 
of elements operating. 
On the realization part 
across 
the board what we have 
witnessed for our chemical is there is moderation in the realization whereas as far as input 
cost is concerned more or less there is not much change except in coal and gas. Gas prices 
have increased by around 18% Q-o-Q and coal prices gone up by around 64% Q-o-Q which 
is basically denting the margin. Apart from that talking about antidumping duty on our 
chemicals, the antidumping duty on AN Melt has been withdrawn whereas that of TDI has 
been extended till September 27. Our colleagues from IP market will talk more about this 
later on. 
Page 2 of 17

Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
Talking about the financials, we first touch open the operating performance in terms of 
production and sales volume and thereafter we will go to the different elements of profit and 
less segment reporting followed by balance sheet and cash flow. On the volume front like 
production is affected mainly because of the outage at both the complexes Bharuch as well 
as Dahej. At Dahej there were various maintenance issues whereas at Bharuch the mother 
plant was disrupted that is ammonia plant was disrupted. In addition to that there was a 
disruption in weak nitric acid plant also. Ammonia plant disruption happened around late 
July for 8 to 9 days. These have resulted in impact on the sales volume also. This outage has 
also caused certain unproductive cost 
at both the locations. We are talking about the 
production volume therefore the production volume is down by around 12% on a Q-0-Q 
basis of chemicals. When we talk about the sales volume, sales volume of chemical is down 
by 8%, the sales volume is down because of predominantly two reasons one is the market 
reason and second is the availability reason. Methanol continues to be not produced because 
of the cost economics reason whereas chemicals like AN Melt, TGU and aniline have not 
been selling because of the market reasons. There is a sale but the sale is dampened in terms 
of the volume 
so these are the volume effects on production and sales. Talking about 
realizations, the realizations in case of fertilizer have been reasonably well because of the 
subsidy component especially for the complex fertilizer. The revenue part in urea has gone 
up mainly because 
of the gas prices operating 
at an elevated level. 
In chemicals the 
realizations have been down across the board. There 
is not 
a single chemical where 
realizations are positive 
as compared to Q-o-Q. Other income mainly represents some 
increase in the interest income and the dividend part of it. When you talk about the raw 
material the main increase in terms of feed and fuel has come from the gas and coal prices. 
The rest are more or less not so significantly impacting whereas because of the outage there 
is also some impact on the specific consumptions which have weighed on the profitability 
of the company. In terms of increase/decrease in the inventory although the production of 
TDI was less, the sale has been reasonably well as compared to the quarter-on-quarter basis 
so because of this there is a substantial reduction in inventory of around 0100 Crores or so 
in TDL In terms of fuel and feed cost again the same element of NG and coal comes into 
picture. 
When we talk about the overheads this time effective July the long-term wage settlement of 
the company is due for which provisions have been made both in the profit and loss as well 
as other comprehensive income, so overall taking into considerations all these factors the 
PBT stood at 0316 Crores still a decent figure. When we talk about segment performance 
the segment revenue of fertilizer has gone up substantially whereas in terms of profit it is 
not making much headway because of the regulatory framework on fertilizer although in 
case of mixed fertilizer there has been quite a good profitability, urea has been negative 
Page 3 of 17

Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Jiten Desai: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Jiten Desai: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
mainly because of the energy norm effect. On an YTD basis there is an impact of around 
022 Crores because of the higher energy norms. As 
it 
is apparent from the segment 
performance, the segment result is more driven as always by the chemical segment of it; 
however, in terms of the revenue pie there 
is more impact in terms of fertilizer revenue, 
which has improved from 29% to 37% mainly because of the revenue increase on account 
of subsidy part. 
Now talking about balance sheet more or less the balance sheet has been stable except for 
the increase in the working capital. The working capital increase has been because of the 
subsidy levels increase, which has increased from around 0700 Crores to 01100 Crores 
level. There has been like a healthy cash flow in terms of operating cash flow which is 
constrained by the working capital blockage mainly because of the subsidy. 
Talking about the capex part Board has approved around 0850 Crores of project which are 
already now into the implementation stage. The two projects which comprise this figure of 
0850 Crores is around 0225 Crores is that of ammonia make-up loop which will have a 
capacity of around 50000 metric tonne per annum and the second is the coal fire steam and 
power plant at Dahej which will not increase the revenue but which is expected to reduce 
the cost in the vicinity of 012000 to 0 15000 per metric ton of TDI. In terms of outlook our 
colleagues from operation and marketing will cover how the outlook will be 
for the 
respective side but on overall company perspective we see the smoother sailing in couple of 
quarters down the line to come. With this I close my opening remarks and make the session 
open for Q&A. Thank you very much. 
Good afternoon team, so Sir I have two to three questions. Sir when we look at your annual 
report like we produce almost around 426000 tonnes of weak nitric acid in FY2022 so after 
utilizing that for AN Melt and concentrated nitric acid how much of WNA we would have 
sold in the open market in FY2022? 
Our colleague from IP marketing team Mr. Jiten Desai will attend this question. 
Good afternoon Mr. Neerav I am Jiten Desai. Specifically for weak nitric acid we have sold 
in last financial year about 115000 metric tonne. 
Okay rest was consumed internally right? 
Yes after consumption captively. 
Page 4 of 17

Nirav Jimudia: 
Y N Patel: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Y N Patel: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Y N Patel: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Y N Patel: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
The new concentrated nitric acid plant of 50000 tonnes would have also started operations 
or it is yet to get commissioned? 
This project is likely to commission by February, March. 
So once this project gets commissioned less of WNA would be sold in the market because 
then this would be consumed internally right? 
Yes you are right. 
In the next phase when again a big WNA capacity is being set up along with AN Melt so 
currently whatever WNA gets consumed in concentrated nitric acid would again get free 
after 
the 
commissioning 
of 
new WNA 
plant 
so 
probably 
once 
those 
plants 
get 
commissioned again whatever we are currently selling in the outside market would again 
brought back to the levels of FY2022 level is it safe to assume whenever those plants would 
get commissioned? 
We will be adding up at least 2 lakh metric tonne capacity of WNA so they will be available 
in market after consumption this 50000 in concentrated nitric acid. 
But then we 
are 
also commissioning some AN Melt capacity which 
is there 
in the 
presentation so I guess there also WNA would be consumed? 
Yes there also there will be some consumption you are right. 
Got it and second question is on the ammonia part so in FY2022 I think we produced almost 
around 667000 tonnes of ammonia so if you can break it down between how much was 
produced for chemicals and how much was for fertilizers that would be helpful? 
Normally whatever ammonia we produce by and large one third is for the chemicals and 
two third is for the fertilizer. Let us say we produce 2000 tonnes of ammonia a day then you 
can safely assume around one third of it, we are producing 2100 so one third of it in the 
chemical and two third in the fertilizer. 
In Q2 FY2023 what would have been the cost 
of production of ammonia when 
it 
is 
produced through 
oil because that goes 
to chemicals and what would 
be the cost 
of 
production of ammonia through gas which goes into our urea so if you can help on that 
part? 
Page 5 of 17

D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Jiten Desai: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Jiten Desai: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
The cost of production of ammonia normally produced from the gas especially during Q2 
and this FY has been higher because of the gas prices. Overall gas prices have been higher 
and every unit is treated at only rate at the end of month which is a pool price whereas that 
of oil base is lower. Exact numbers we cannot tell you in terms of cost of production 
because this 
is important raw material 
but broadly this 
is the situation 
for ammonia 
produced from gas and produced from oil. 
Last related question to this before I again join back in the queue so what would have been 
the sales contribution of AN Melt in FY2022 and if you can specify 
it for first half of 
FY2023 that would be helpful. 
Ammonium nitrate revenue is around 24% it is current year first half and last year it is 
around 16%. 
16%? 
Yes. 
Mr. Parikh on the opening remarks you mentioned something around 850 Crores of capex 
but I think the voice got muffled in between so if you can again touch up on that that would 
be very helpful, I think you mentioned some break up in terms of the ammonia capacity of 
50000 tonnes and one coal based power plant which could help us in some TDI production 
of 12 to 15000 so if you can just touch upon that again that would be very helpful? 
The capex relating to 50000 tonnes of ammonia is around 0225 Crores out of 0850 Crores; 
the rest is for the captive power plant for steam and power. The objective 
is lower cost 
production of steam and reliability of the power in this. 
How much in megawatt if you can specify? 
Equivalent megawatt would be 35 around whereas power would be around 18 megawatt, 
the rest is steam. 
150 metric tonne when we say it is 150 metric tonne per hour we are talking. 
Got it Sir. Sir I will again join back in the queue and thank you for answering the questions 
in detail all the best Sir. 
Page 6 of 17

Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Jiten Desai: 
Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
Thank you Sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Sir I was just trying to understand 
there are so many products that we cater to can you broadly provide us a 
split of let us say I 
just wanted in two categories what is the revenue contribution from the TDI segment and let 
us say others on the revenue side and as you mentioned that the fertilizer business does not 
contribute much to the EBIT if you can give us a split of TDI and others in revenue and TDI 
and others in EBIT that will be very useful? 
Revenue part our marketing colleague, 
Shri Jiten Desai will cover. Let me cover the 
contribution part of TDL TDI like we have two plants one is at Bharuch and second is at 
Dahej. Bharuch plant has been positive in terms of the contribution even at net level it is 
positive whereas Dahej plant has been incurring losses predominantly because of the fixed 
cost whereas last quarter in addition to the fixed cost we made losses also because of the 
contribution losses because it was necessary to be in the market. Now on the revenue part, 
our colleague will touch upon the figures. 
TDI contribution in our total revenue is around 17 to 18%. It is steady in both last financial 
year as well as first half. 
Can you provide us the same split for EBIT also how much EBIT is coming from TDI 
usually on a run rate basis? 
The EBITDA is negative for TDI like we are incurring losses there. 
So you are saying that all the EBITDA that the company is generating majority of it is 
coming from other products and not TDI? 
Yes for H1 it is true. 
What was the split for FY2022? 
FY2022 also we were in red in TDI. 
I just want to understand which is the most valuable chemical for us from an earnings 
standpoint, what would be the most valuable chemical which we guys are selling? 
At different points in time different chemicals perform out of the basket. Last year we had a 
very good run on acetic acid, AN Melt, technical grade urea so it is like that. On revenue 
part TDI also generated good revenue but 
it is not profitable at the net level. That is the 
reason we applied for some protection and antidumping duty is extended till September 
Page 7 of 17

Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Prayatna Mahajan: 
D V Parikh: 
Y N Patel: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
2027. The second important part within TDI is as of now the major operations are running 
on gas and we know what is the situation in last 9 to 12 months as far as gas prices are 
concerned, 
Right so you would not say that TDI prices globally where they are we are still not able to 
make profit at these elevated prices also? 
Up to September yes, after September the scenario has improved in terms of realization and 
the most important part is the input cost has gone down especially that of gas and other 
petrochemicals 
also 
but predominantly 
it 
is 
the 
gas 
prices 
which 
have 
turned 
the 
contributions positive. 
So just one last question for 1H FY2023 because we are not doing segmental disclosure 
what would be the contribution 
I understand that TDI is negative but which segment has 
contributed us the most 
let us say if you have to say acetic acid or nitric acid which 
chemical is contributing the most to our EBIT in 1H FY2023? 
By and large all chemicals contributed more or less equally except TDL 
Okay so TDI has been a drag rather? 
The proportion of the margin has been going down mainly because of the reasons we 
explained in the press note. In investor presentation also some parts of the press notes are 
appearing so these are basically the reasons. The contradiction which we observe is there is 
stagnancy in cost of most inputs so they are at same or all elevated level. Some of the inputs 
like coal and gas have further gone up but the same is not reflected in the output products. 
Got it Sir and Sir any guidance for us for the second half how are we looking at it, are we 
seeing a very sharp contraction in our earnings for the second half or are we fairly confident 
of maintaining the run rate at which we are in the first half? 
No we have mentioned that in the press release that we are pretty okay with whatever is the 
current level and we do not see any issues because operations are stable, pricing realizations 
are also stable, the rest 
I would request our colleague from operations and marketing to 
comment. 
From operation we do not see any eventuality unless there is a surprise or breakdown of any 
machinery otherwise operation wise our performance will be smooth as such. 
Page 8 of 17

Prayatna Mahajan: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Jiten Desai: 
Nishith Shah: 
Jiten Desai: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
Right I will join back in the queue. Thank you so much Sir. 
Good afternoon Sir and thank you for this opportunity. Sir I would like to understand how 
the current raw material are prices trending post Q2? 
This information is already in public domain but we will still answer that. Gas prices have 
softened, gas spot prices have softened after Q2, other petrochemical prices like oil, toluene, 
benzene which we are using are also softened but there are monthly trends to this so we 
cannot say with an exact forecast that 
it will go down or up but as of now we see 
a 
moderation because there was a sharp rise in all the input prices. The only thing where we 
see some consistency is coal. 
Okay and Sir how do we see imports now in terms of volumes and pricing? 
Pricing our marketing colleagues would explain. Like on volume Mr Y N Patel has already 
explained that operations are stable both 
at Bharuch and Dahej. On the sales part our 
colleague Mr Jiten Desai will explain? 
As far as prices of chemicals are concerned you know that recession like situation is taking 
its toll but we are better insulated because our products finding applications in various end 
user sectors so suppose one sector like textile is not doing well and other sectors there are 
enough demand for our chemicals. As far as prices are concerned current prices levels are 
okay as CFO has explained and going forward we cannot predict because it is month-to- 
month and situation is a bit volatile nowadays. 
So there are no dumping like situations on the import side right? 
Yes normal volumes are coming actually as far as imports of acetic acid and TDI because 
majority of the products. India is net importer imports are coming in normal quantity. 
Okay and Sir earlier you were selling more of nitric acid compared to TDI because the 
spreads were better so are the spreads still better in nitric acid? 
TDI like we said gradually has improved in terms of realization so if you look at the value 
addition 
it is providing more value when we produce TDI now and also like a couple of 
months back there was heavy demand for concentrated nitric acid which has moderated 
actually so it is better to put to use when the plant is running for TDI, secondly for market 
reason also we continue manufacturing TDI so looking from all these factors as of now TDI 
has a preference over concentrated nitric acid because beyond a particular volume of nitric 
Page 9 of 17

Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Y N Patel: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
Alkesh Mungra: 
Jiten Desai: 
Alkesh Mungra: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
acid company has to enter into certain contract which may not be so lucrative as that of the 
spot prices. 
Okay and Sir what is the capex for H2? 
Our colleague Mr. Patel will respond on that. 
See it is difficult to exactly give capex but broadly it will be around 235 Crores that is the 
cash outflow. 
Mr. Shah if we look at the press release we have covered the capex in three parts one is 
0140 Crores of capex which is expected to be completed by FY2023, the second is the 
capex of around 05000 Crores we have mentioned where different capital expenditure are 
there for weak nitric acid, AN Melt, the CCPP and others and after that we have also 
mentioned a figure of 015000 Crores which is at a very raw stage not even up to drawing 
board stage which has something to do with the cracker related investment so these are the 
three things which are given in the press note. The exact breakup if you want Mr. Patel will 
tell you the breakup of around 05000 Crores of capex lined up, 0140 Crores is basically 
two things concentrated nitric acid and 4 megawatt solar plant. 
Okay thank you Sir this is all from my side. Sir lastly [have just one request so I wanted to 
do 
a plant 
visit 
so 
I will think 
it will help investor community as 
a whole 
to better 
understand the company and operation so if you can consider this request it will be great. 
Always 
you may 
get 
in touch 
with 
our investor 
services they 
will 
do 
the needful 
coordination for that and you are welcome. 
Okay Sir thank you. 
Hi good afternoon Sir. Sir I think most of my questions related to TDI are already answered 
I only have one question. Like as we know in the month of October TDI prices went up 
quite high so were we able to take any advantage of it like any price hike or anything? Like 
last month in the month of October TDI prices globally went up quite high so my question 
is were we able to take advantage of it like any TDI price hike from GNFC side? 
Yes there was a spike observed in last phase of October and we have also increased the 
price in tandem with that but the current situation it is slightly moderating now. 
Okay thank you Sir and what is the utilization level of plant for TDI right now? 
Page 10 of 17

Y N Patel: 
D V Parikh: 
Y N Patel: 
Alkesh Mungra: 
Ankur Shanwal: 
D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
Right now we are running at 110% capacity but if you want yearly utilization then it will be 
130. 
Last year the figures of TDI two was around 70% and normally Bharuch plant operates at 
more than 100% it ranges between 110 to 120%, for the H1 Mr. Patel will tell that. 
It is 69% up to October for TDI two, for TDI one it is 128%. 
Okay thank you Sir. That is all from my side. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir GNFC has some excellent set of chemicals for the last 
few quarters we have been performing really well same cannot be said about our fertilizer 
division I am not efficient in fertilizer because government has been really helpful with the 
subsidies they are providing I know GNFC might be using some other technology so you 
cannot compare it but why our fertilizer division is not generating profits in huge quantity? 
Thank you. 
There 
is 
a fundamental difference between the product portfolio of GSFC and GNFC. 
GNEFC’s product portfolio of fertilizer is just two fertilizers and out of like close to 1 million 
tonnes of fertilizer roughly 70% fertilizer or around 75% volume is that of urea and urea the 
profits are highly regulated, the fixed costs are not revised since quite some time so when 
you have a product mix where there is highly regulated business you cannot make much 
profit. The second part within urea business is that government is squeezing the norms of 
energy which are very difficult to achieve for a very old kind of plant. Our plant has been 
running since 80s so this is another reason fertilizer is not into profit, but if you look at H1 
as compared to 011 Crores the profit of fertilizer has gone up to 057 Crores in the segment 
itself mainly this is because of the complex fertilizer where government has been helpful 
and if you look at GSFC portfolio their portfolio is more on the complex fertilizer side than 
the urea side. Their urea is substantially lower, lower than what we manufacture whereas if 
you look at their chemical side their chemical side is not so significant our chemical side is 
very significant. This will be apparent to you from the segment results also like we are 
broadly speaking 65% to 70% chemical and rest fertilizer almost and theirs 
is exactly 
opposite of us this 
is the reason there is a difference in the profitability. In the complex 
fertilizer you take the case of Coromandel they have reported the results for H1 as well as 
Q2, they made excellent profit whereas you take the case of Chambal which has declared 
the results they have eroded their margins as compared to Q1 so it all depends upon what 
product portfolio you have. Within the fertilizer also there are two major companies which I 
told you one is Chambal second is Coromandel. Coromandel 
is doing exceedingly well; 
Page 11 of 17

Ankur Shanwal: 
Maanvardhan Baid: 
D V Parikh: 
Maanvardhan Baid: 
D V Parikh: 
Maanvardhan Baid: 
D V Parikh: 
Maanvardhan Baid: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
Chambal is not doing so well in terms of its Q-o-Q performance. This is the reason we are 
not making so much of money in fertilizer. 
Thanks for the detailed clarity regarding fertilizer and Sir your chemical division has overall 
been doing really well since last two years. 
I hope the performance will continue over the 
years. 
Good evening Sir. Sir just wanted to understand sort of with interest rates rising and since 
we have significant cash balance are we getting the benefits of that rate rising? 
That is already reflected. If you look at the other income part of the P&L that is reflected. 
The other income has gone up mainly because of two reasons interest and dividend. 
Okay so now what is the interest that we get? 
It depends upon the tenure for which we park but it ranges between 6% to 7.4% as of today. 
6% to 7.4%. 
Depending upon tenure yes. 
Okay fair enough Sir. Thank you. 
Thanks for the opportunity Sir again. If you were mentioning that we made operating profit 
losses on TDI at both the plants in H1 as well as last year so what could be the breakeven 
cost for us for the TDI plant at Bharuch as well as at Dahej considering the current tolling 
prices as well as the CNA prices? 
CNA we factor only at cost so that is not an issue as far as TDI cost is concerned. The main 
component of TDI cost 
is toluene and gas prices which are wildly fluctuating month-to- 
month. Apart from that when we talk about breakeven; breakeven depends upon what is the 
contribution margin you are getting for covering the fixed cost. Now there is also an equal 
kind of changes in the net realization so there is no specific one figure which we can 
attribute to a contribution level which will give the breakeven point. What we can at the 
most say is that there is a particular fixed cost and we require certain contribution which has 
again two varying elements one is realization and second is the variable cost of it. It is a fact 
that as of now we are not covering and we are incurring losses especially at TDI-IL This is 
the sixth quarter consecutively we are incurring losses at TDI-IL 
Page 12 of 17

Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
If you can specify the fixed cost also that would be helpful like we do not want the breakup 
of the variable cost but let us say even if you can give us an idea about the fixed cost on an 
annual basis at both the plants that would be helpful? 
If you look at our financials the fixed cost is going to be around 01200 to 01300 Crores. 
There is some impact which will come because of the wage revision also. On an average 
roughly 0100 Crores per month is the fixed cost which 
is there for the company out of 
which when we say safely between 25% to 30% is attributable to TDI 
Okay 25% to 30% of the 01200 Crores could be attributable to both the TDI plants in 
combined right? 
Yes. 
Just a clarification on the concentrated nitric acid because last year we produced around 
116000, 120000 tonnes and we almost sold the equivalent amount so was not CNA not 
utilized for our aniline as well as TDI so how that mismatch happened if you can just help 
us understand on that part? 
Actually 
there 
have 
always 
been 
such 
mismatches 
depending 
upon 
the 
market 
opportunities. Supposing aniline is scoring like we do production planning meeting almost 
weekly and depending upon the market situation which product scores over in terms of the 
contribution we take a decision based on that for certain time. There are input forecast, there 
are realization forecast based on that those decisions are taken, so some time back in the call 
we also said that instead of TDI we prefer concentrated nitric acid for some time and 
reverse is the case currently so if you talk about aniline for quite some time it was down if 
you look at the production numbers it was down in Q2, now we have started not at the full 
level which is consuming concentrated nitric acid but supposing tomorrow we get a good 
chance to realize concentrated nitric acid more then aniline will be sacrificed, it is all about 
product optimization. 
If I can ask on the cost of production of producing ammonia through oil as well as natural 
gas you mentioned that it is a sensitive figure which we cannot disclose on but is it safe to 
assume that because of the recent increase in the oil prices what we have seen and in your 
chart gas prices have been constant at around Rs.88 per SCM for the last three to four 
quarters, is it safe to assume that the cost of production of ammonia through oil is almost 
25, 30% higher than what it was before two to three quarters? 
Page 13 of 17

D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
D V Parikh: 
Y N Patel: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Y N Patel: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Y N Patel: 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
The cost of oil has been continuously rising. In our case 
it is not just the crude which is 
quoted it is a special type of oil which we buy which has two variables one is the normal 
crude which is the high sulfur crude price and second is the very low sulfur crude price, 
ours is a product which falls in between that but in general we would say that oil prices 
have a continuous rise since three to four quarters by now. 
So has those costs increased by almost 25 to 30% for the cost of production of ammonia 
through oil over the last 6 months to 8 months? 
Yes. 
Small clarification to the capex 
is what you mentioned so when could we expect our 
ammonia plant to get operationalized along with power plant and the TDI of 10000 tonnes 
what you mentioned so if you can just highlight the timelines of each them that would be 
helpful? 
TDI 
I will cover and the rest will be covered by Mr. Patel. Iam DV Parikh. TDI 10000 
tonnes 
is already in operation. The debottlenecking has already taken place. There are 
factors like operating disturbances as well as market which is constantly as of now coming 
in the way of the capacity utilization. Regarding ammonia make-up loop of 50000 metric 
ton and that 18 megawatt power plant Mr. Y N Patel will tell you the expected dates of 
completion. 
We have received the LOI for both these projects. Ammonia make-up loop will take at least 
36 months so we expect by end of 2026 ammonia capacity that is 150 metric tonne will be 
added 150 metric tonne per day and for this power plant tenure is around 30 months we are 
trying to complete as fast as possible but that will get commissioned by end of year 2024- 
2025 
The capex for it is around 600 Crores right? 
613 precisely for this power project and for ammonia make-up loop it is 225 Crores. 
So our effective TDI capacity now stands to around 74000 tonnes with this 10000 tonnes of 
debottlenecking which has happened right? 
Yes. 
Thank you so much Sir and all the best. 
Page 14 of 17

Sandeep Avhang: 
D V Parikh: 
Sandeep Avhang: 
D V Parikh: 
Sandeep Avhang: 
D V Parikh: 
Manish Upadhyay: 
Jiten Desai: 
Sandeep Avhang: 
Akhilesh Kumar: 
D V Parikh: 
Akhilesh Kumar: 
D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
Firstly, we saw one-on-one traction by almost half a percentage and what was the major 
reason let us say the product which contributed to this margin contraction are there any 
particular reason for particular products which contributed to the volume contraction or how 
was it? 
There are two major products which have led to the margin contraction one is technical 
grade urea another is AN Melt during the last quarter. 
What was the update on the price hikes which you had taken, are they any price hikes which 
you have taken or you have not taken any? 
Prices have been continuously going down for these two products and therefore it is eroding 
the margins directly so it is a sales price variance in a way. 
Going ahead where can we expect your margins to be stabilized like by H2 or maybe next 
year is there any update on that? 
Our IP marketing executive Sri Manish Upadhyay will respond on that. 
Actually second half normally we will get a good price so of course particularly maybe for 
one month or two months time the urea prices may be stable or will be slightly on lower 
side but we will be expecting the better price realization after that period, 
AN price right now is steady and we hope that it will remain for the balance period. 
Okay than you that is all from my side. 
Thank you. Sir I joined little late. If you have answered already please skip that. I wanted to 
know if we have touched upon the AGR demand from the DOT what I believe is couple of 
years back the demand was withdrawn do we know why all of a sudden it has again come 
up? 
Department of Telecommunication you are talking. 
Yes. 
This is not all of a sudden actually what happens with every time passing by there is an 
increase in the interest and penalty which they apply till the time the issue is settled so every 
time we expect that they will keep on revising but in substance demand is the same demand. 
Page 15 of 17

Akhilesh Kumar: 
D V Parikh: 
Akhilesh Kumar: 
Maanvardhan Baid: 
Jiten Desai: 
Maanvardhan Baid: 
Y N Patel: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
The only thing which is changing because both the licenses have expired the only thing 
which is adding up with the passage of time is interest and penalty so like in the financial it 
is mentioned around 021370 Crores or so, so that is last demand that 
it started with the 
demand of 015019 Crores and it went up to 016359 and it went up to around 0 19000 and 
now 1121370 Crores so there is nothing in terms of principal which is adding up. 
But we do hope any resolution on that or it will keep hanging all the time? 
We have taken up the matter at the highest level at the government level and legally also 
and we are awaiting certain outcome to come. 
Certain positive decisions came already but 
then again department has contested that in the Supreme Court so let us see what kind of 
decision comes on those appeals against appellate tribunal decision, which is already given 
in favor of the assesses so it define the further course of action. 
Okay thank you for clarification. That is it from my side. 
Thank you for the opportunity again. Sir just wanted to understand sort of gas prices have 
gone up and that has impacted us but that has impacted some other geographies more than 
us so sort of going ahead or in the longer run do you see some advantage out of this whole 
thing, are you seeing capacities globally getting mothballed or something on those lines? 
Yes you are right that particularly the capacity erosion. Many plants are not in operations 
for TDI 
it is happening worldwide and particularly in Europe but on the other side the 
demand is also weak so whatever supply and demand imbalance has eroded by weak 
demand, so it is advantageous to us to some extent but not fully. 
Because of this are you being able to identify some gap because again one of the advantages 
with GNFC is that it is sitting on a very large cash pile so in terms of maybe procuring some 
machinery or some of these plants maybe relocating them because sort of at our end we feel 
that given the kind of cash that the company is sitting on and sort of the spread of the capex, 
etc., and it is continuously cash generating kind of business that you are in so sort of any 
opportunities that are there on that front or that you are considering which could lead to 
some quick addition of capacity one might say? 
Normally any good project of substantial size it takes at least 2 to 3 years for execution and 
by the time you complete engineering it is almost 
1 year gone and GNFC has a tradition that 
we do not buy old machinery or old plant, relocating from any other place and we do not go 
for any inferior technology where guarantees are not involved so we do not do any such 
Page 16 of 17

D V Parikh: 
Maanvardhan Baid: 
Mridul Saraote: 
D V Parikh: 
Mridul Saraote: 
Rajesh Pillai: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals Limited 
November 11, 2022 
gamble at GNFC. We go with fresh installation of plant and we go with good technology 
supplier so I do not see short term opportunity we can cash on at least on capex side. 
We is not mainly into R&D it is mainly towards the execution after purchasing technology, 
absorbing and reasonably mastering it so the second part is growth can come in two ways 
like one is organic which we are into and second is inorganic which can happen through the 
process which you said including some companies acquisition but most of our kind of 
companies do not go in an inorganic way so ours will be an organic way. Whatever position 
we are at from 1976 to this date is purely organic journey. Do you have any further question 
on this? 
No Sir this clarifies things. Thank you. 
Good evening everyone so my simple question over here is from last many quarters we 
have seen that PAT of around 500 Crores was being posted by GNFC in this particular 
quarter because of some inevitable reasons the PAT has dipped to 235 to 240 odd Crores in 
future can you just give a hint about the PAT or profitability where we can see in the future 
quarters? Thank you. 
We do not give any future guidance like this. If we were to be knowing probably we would 
have been doing business on our own. These are charting into certain rough weather over a 
period of time and responses will all depend upon the market conditions. Okay we may 
have 0500 Crores or whatever PAT you are talking about, but then if you look at the 
consistency of profitability Ido not think on a per annum basis it was around 0325 Crores 
more than that if you take our history of 47 years. So we would definitely like to grow both 
in revenue and profit but after adjusting ourselves to market conditions. It can always not be 
stratospheric but if opportunity comes then we definitely take those opportunities in stride 
and go forward. 
Thank you so much. 
Thank you all our investors for participating in our investor conference call and I also thank 
my senior executives for joining this call and adequately replying to the queries of the 
investors. Thank you. So we close this conference call right now. 
Page 17 of 17
