 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 502219 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BORORENEW 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Institutional Investors and Analysts Conference Call 
 
We enclose transcript of conference call with Institutional Investors and Analysts 
which was held on November 10, 2022. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Renewables Limited  
 
 
 
Kishor Talreja 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership no. FCS 7064 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
KISHOR HARISH 
TALREJA
Digitally signed by 
KISHOR HARISH TALREJA 
Date: 2022.11.14 
14:41:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Borosil Renewables Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
                 
   
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK JAIN, WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
  
MR. SWAPNIL WALUNJ - HEAD OF MARKETING 
 
MODERATOR:      MR. SUMIT KISHORE - AXIS CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
                                              
 
 
 
 
 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference 
Call of Borosil Renewables, hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you, Stephen. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm pleased to welcome you all to 
the Borosil Renewables Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us the 
management team of Borosil Renewables represented by Mr. Ashok Jain, Whole-
Time Director; and Mr. Swapnil Walunj, Head of Marketing. We will begin with 
opening remarks from Mr. Jain, followed by an interactive Q&A session. Over to 
you, sir. 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Borosil Renewables Q2 FY'23 
Investor Call. The Board of Borosil Renewables approved the company's financial 
results for Q2 and H1 FY'23 on November 9. Our results and an updated 
presentation have been sent to the stock exchanges, and they have also been 
uploaded on the company's website. We will discuss the operations of Borosil 
Renewables on a stand-alone basis. I will thereafter provide you some highlights of 
the operations in our newly formed and acquired overseas subsidiaries.  
 
During Q2 FY'23, the company recorded net revenue from operations of INR169 
crore, a growth of 5% over previous year corresponding quarter. 
 
Sales volumes were lower than in Q2 FY'22 by 11% basis Ind AS adjustments, 
though the actual decline was only about 2%, which was attributed to a lower 
production in September this year. Overall, domestic demand for solar glass has 
remained strong as the manufacturing of domestic modules has picked up ever since 
the custom duty on import of modules came into force from April 1, 2022, and the 
solar installations have gained momentum. The domestic manufacturing of modules 
and consequently, the demand for solar glass was higher by about 25% to 30% in Q2 
FY'23. This additional demand has been made currently through a surge in imports 
owing to limited ability of domestic capacity. Market share of Borosil Renewables in 
domestic volume sales has consequently come down to about 22%. 
 
Export sales during Q2 FY'23, including to customers in SEZ were INR47.9 crore, 
comprising of 28.3% of the turnover. Average prices of solar tempered glass during 
Q2 FY'23 were about INR139 per MM, an increase of over 18% over Q2 FY'22. 
Average price for the quarter was flat at the levels prevailing in Q1 FY'23. However, 
there has been a change in the status of antidumping duty from China. Earlier, the 
designated authority named as DGTR had extended the validity of ADD on solar 
glass from China until 2 years after expiry on 17th August 22. However, this 
recommendation was not accepted by the Ministry of Finance. Consequently, there is 
no ADD on Chinese-manufactured solar glass since mid of August. This has 
rendered the CVD against Malaysia ineffective as the exporters have shifted the 
supply base back to China. Borosil Renewables has filed a writ petition in Gujarat 
court against the decision of the Ministry of Finance and the matter is listed for 
hearing on November 11, which is tomorrow.  
 
The import of solar glass continues to enjoy an exemption from payment of basic 
customs duty, though solar modules and solar cells have been subjected to BCD 
from 1st April 2022. Meanwhile, prices have declined significantly in September '22. 
Apart from the lifting of the imposition of ADD on Chinese manufacturers, the 
lower-than-expected demand in China has led to a drop in FOB prices with a support 
of 13% export subsidies despite a global increase in input costs, especially in respect 
of gas and soda ash. Moreover, there has been a significant drop in freight rates from 
China as compared to about 2 months ago. Consequently, lender rates of solar glass 
imported from China have caused a downward pressure on prices in India. We had to 
drop our domestic selling prices by an average of about 13% in September 2022 in 
view of these lower import prices. 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
During Q2 FY'23, the company earned EBITDA of INR44.1 crore. The EBITDA 
margins were at 26.1%, it has suffered a decline of over 400 basis points since Q1 
FY'23 and about 1,000 basis points as compared to Q2 FY'22 owing to cost inflation 
in raw materials and energy as mentioned above. 
 
I've been mentioning about rising input costs, mainly the soda ash and natural gas in 
the last few meetings. The company has been making efforts to reduce the impact in 
cost by achieving cost savings in raw materials by altering batch mix suitably and in 
electricity by going for captive power generation to some extent. However, the cost 
increases combined with reduced selling prices, owing to cheaper imports from 
China are squeezing EBITDA margins to below and expected normalized margin 
which we consider of 30%.  
 
During Q2 FY'23, the company earned a profit before tax of INR32.9 crore. The 
profit after tax was INR24.3 crore as compared to INR34.1 crore during the 
corresponding quarter in the previous year, which showed a decline of 26%. For the 
half year ended September 2022, the company clocked a revenue of INR339.2 crore, 
a growth of 14% over corresponding half year last year. The company earned an 
EBITDA of INR94.4 crore, a margin of 28.1%. Profit after tax was INR54.4 crore 
showing a PAT margin of 16%. 
 
Our 10-megawatt captive power plant of solar plus wind energy through an SPV in 
which BRL will be holding 31% is expected to be commissioned by next month, 
December 22, and BRL will be able to use this green power besides reducing the 
cost of electricity. We are also looking to set up an additional 8-megawatt solar plus 
wind power plant.  
 
The overall demand situation for solar glass continues to look extremely robust, both 
in India and abroad, and the following measures will strengthen this.  
 
- 
In a recent development, the union government has closed the project import 
route that would have helped to circumvent the basic custom duty on solar 
modules and cells by paying lower duties. This move is expected to curb the 
import of solar cells and modules and give impetus to domestic manufacturing 
and consequently, demand for solar glass. However, the projects bid out before 
March '21 will be exempted from this.  
- 
The union cabinet had earlier approved the second tranche of PLI, production-
linked incentive, a scheme of INR19,500 crore. Ministry of New and 
Renewable Energy, MNRE, has announced guidelines for implementation of 
this scheme. About additional 65 gigawatts of manufacturing capacity is 
expected to get benefited from this scheme. The PLI scheme has a component 
for sourcing of ancillaries of PV modules like solar cells, solar glass, EVA, 
back sheet, et cetera, locally. This component ensures a higher payout of 
incentive for local procurement of ancillaries. This arrangement will incentivize 
the domestic module manufacturers to procure solar glass domestically. 
 
Global supply chain bottlenecks and heavy rains in Gujarat delayed commissioning 
of our expansion project. We now expect to commence production from our third 
furnace, SG#3 in December 22. This will enhance our capacity by 550 tons per day 
and take it to 1,000 tons per day equivalent to 6 gigawatts. The company will review 
the situation and take effective step for next phase of expansion at an appropriate 
time in the last quarter of this financial year.  
 
The company has through its overseas subsidiary acquired 86% of Interfloat 
Corporation and GMB, both together called an Interfloat Group and taken control of 
this. GMB Interfloat has a reputation of a high-quality producer of solar glass, which 
is expected to strengthen BRL's global market position in the long run. 
 
The acquisition adds 300 ton per day to BRL's global capacity and also widens its 
range of offerings, including varying textures, coatings, dimensions and thickness 
and brings in synergies in manufacturing and sales operations in India and Europe. 
During the 9 months of calendar year '22, the Interfloat Group registered a revenue 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
of EUR54.7 million with an EBITDA margin of 5% which was lower than normal 
due to extremely high energy prices. 
 
The demand situation for solar glass continues to look extremely robust in the 
important overseas markets i.e. Europe, U.S.A. and Turkey. We see growth 
opportunities for meeting this requirement. Most nations are trying to raise domestic 
production of solar cell and module and also trying to reduce dependence on 
Southeast Asian countries which places India in an advantageous position for 
exports. Our step of having manufacturing in Europe through Interfloat fits in well 
along with expanding production in India. With that, I'd like to open the floor to 
questions that you may have. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. Mr. Mohit Kumar, your line is in talk mode. Kindly go ahead with your 
question please. 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
So my first question is on the EBITDA margin, which has declined in this quarter. 
Can we expect the EBITDA margin to go back to the earlier quarter as we go 
forward? How do you think though there is some pressure in H2 also? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
You're right, the margins have declined, and this has become because of the drop in 
the selling prices. So we are trying to make all our efforts to bring in savings in raw 
material batch mixes or coating liquid or other aspects of manufacturing. Besides 
this, we are also expecting economies of scale after our commissioning of third 
furnace, which will happen in next month. So in this quarter, particularly, the 
margins are going to remain low. But Q4 onwards, some improvement can be 
expected in the margins. But these current margins, if you notice are having partial 
impact of rate decline because the decline has taken place only in September. So yes, 
the margins are going to be lower. 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
And so are we seeing signs of more capacity coming out in the domestic side and are 
we in discussion with those new capacities. Because we haven't heard many of the 
capacities commissioning as of now. We do expect over FY'24, there will be more 
commissioning, but I think commissioning on the domestic side has been pretty low 
as of now? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, you are right. Actually, there are 3 plants which are under construction as per 
our information. And these will add up to close to 1,000 tons per day when they get 
commissioned. All the plants were slightly delayed because of the conditions of rains 
and other things and also delays in supply from the vendors and all. We believe these 
plants will get commissioned sometime during the next calendar year, and these 
should be in operation in the next calendar year, of course. These plants together 
with our 1,000-tonne capacity will still be short of the demand in the country. 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
And any color on the input prices, soda ash and gas. Are you seeing some easing of 
the raw material inflation? Or are the prices are sustaining where they are right now? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
So in terms of the gas prices, we all know it has linkage to the Ukraine-Russia 
conflict. And unless there is some relief there, the prices may not come down 
substantially. There has been some softening in the oil prices, but again, it has gone 
back to $99 and all. So there is not much change happening there. In terms of the 
soda ash prices, there has been a small correction, but largely speaking, there may 
not be a significant drop in the price in next calendar because the new capacity, 
which are coming up for soda ash production, will probably get commissioned only 
in '24. So we may not expect much relief in these two costs. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
After the price reduction that we have done in September, what would be the price 
difference between Borosil and the China imports? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
As you would know, the prices in India are actually led by what kind of prices are 
prevailing in China and rather the landed cost of imports. So all our customers 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
benchmark it against the import landed cost of solar glass and since that has gone 
down, the domestic prices also have gone down. There has been a certain amount of 
premium, which we command for being a local producer because of certain benefits 
which they expect from us like inventories, the working capital, just in time and 
flexibility in ordering and many other benefits. So there is some premium which we 
get as a local manufacturer. That premium is slightly higher today as compared to 
past, but we had to adjust our prices downwards because of the lower prices. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
What would that premium be? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Well, in the past, it used to be on an average 5% or so. Currently, it may be about 
10%. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. Got it. And you mentioned the margins could be lower. So if we assume the 
September prices to continue, are we looking at like 15% kind of margin range? Or 
assuming the September current prices continue, how should we think about 
margins? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
So while it is not easy to predict the margin like that because the prices keep 
changing depending on the demand-supply scenario, particularly in the Chinese solar 
manufacturing. We already see certain strengthening in the prices as we speak. So 
we cannot be sure of what kind of margins it will finally be in the next quarters. So it 
will be hard for me to comment on 15% or whatever number you are saying. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. So okay, got it. And how much is the price cut that we took after the China 
duty stopped like mid-August, September. What is the price cut we took from our 
earlier pricing? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
So 10% to 13% was generally the cut to which we had to go through because of the 
pricing, but we are also trying to economize on many aspects. So net-net what will 
be the margin is difficult to predict right now. And also I mentioned about the scale 
benefits, which will accrue once we commission the plant next month. So it will be a 
mix of every situation, and it cannot be just to consider based on price alone. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anurag Kulkarni from Purnartha Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Anurag Kulkarni: 
My question was with regard to the inventory. I see that the inventory has increased 
by 65% as compared to March '22. Could you provide some color on it? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So inventory, basically, we maintain a very low inventory in the form of 
finished goods or work in progress. But because of IndAS accounting practices, 
which have to be adopted, there is certain fluctuation which is shown. So in terms of 
the closing the inventory, there could be some inventory, which is dispatched to the 
clients, but it is not recorded as a sale and it is added back to the inventory. So that's 
how the inventory may keep fluctuating on quarter-to-quarter basis, depending on 
how much sale has taken place in the last few days of the month. But practically, 
there is not much inventory in the company. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sharan, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sharan: 
My question is in the last release note of acquisition of companies in Germany, there 
is a mention about that helps Borosil Renewables to do the other products and 
technology. So are there a plan to make any other products like apart from solar 
modules in the Germany or in India in future? I see a clear sum of that. 
 
Ashok Jain: 
The mention was regarding various product categories or segments being serviced 
from Germany or India. We will obviously get certain synergies both the operations 
and some products which are being available from German plant currently, which 
are not being made available from India, will be possible to do that. All those things 
will be implemented in due course. In terms of the technology also, like in India, we 
have very high throughput. We produce at much faster speed and all, which we will 
try to implement there after assessing the situation, and that will increase the 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
productivity at that plant level. All those synergies are what we have discussed, 
which continue to be on our focus. 
 
Sharan: 
Okay. Can you name the products, apart from glass? What are the products you are 
planning to develop in near future? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Remains the same, solar glass only, but there are various segments which are 
serviced from there or here, which may not be the case at the other location. Then 
there are say coatings or say, two-side coated glass or various glasses, but for the 
same segment. So we will essentially be in the same product ranges. But segments 
could be added or new products for those segments could be developed at the other 
location, taking advantage of the synergies. 
 
Sharan: 
And recently I was listening to the interviews of GHCL and Tata Chemicals, and 
next couple of years, they are very confident about the high price for soda ash. Is that 
going to affect Borosil Renewables, whether will you be able to pass on the price to 
your end customers and maintain the margin levels or that will impact your margin 
going forward? Can you throw some light on that? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
As I said, the new soda ash capacity will come into operation only later, maybe in 
2024 towards the end or like that. So the market for soda ash is certainly going to 
remain tight. And to that extent, we don't expect relief in soda ash prices or rather 
say much relief. In the case of all the players of solar glass or glass manufacturing, 
the prices are same since soda ash is a global commodity. Whether I produce or my 
competitor produces in India or abroad, they have to pay more or less similar prices. 
So we will be able to see how the demand-supply situation on the solar glass front 
take place, which will be a better point to look at in terms of the pricing and pricing 
power, whether we'll be able to pass on or not. But in terms of the soda ash price, we 
don't see much relief coming in. 
 
 
Sharan: 
Okay. And there was a QIP planned and it was approved by the Board earlier and 
still that has not happened. Will it happen in near term? Or what is the plan on that 
part for fundraising? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
So that approval, which shareholders gave in the previous AGM and expired in this 
AGM. So that was over. And now we have taken a submission for fund raise of 
another INR1,100 crore recently in the last AGM. So we will be doing this 
fundraising as and when it is necessary for the next phase of expansion. So we will 
be on a lookout for the opportunity at an appropriate time to raise the funds and use 
for the next round of Capex. 
 
Sharan: 
Okay, sir. Last question about the Germany, the energy price is very high. And when 
is your acquisition will get complete and when we start the operation under way, 
how will the energy cost going to affect you? And when do you see the energy cost 
coming down in Europe? Can you explain that? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
So 86% shareholding is already acquired. We are in control of the company as we 
speak and we have started to take active interest in the management of the company. 
Yes, the gas prices or energy prices have been a moot point in this particular 
situation and because of the Russian and Ukraine war, this situation has remained 
under this trend. We believe that energy prices will stabilize or rather have a 
downward trend over a period of time. There are some positive signals from the 
government in Germany saying that energy prices will be kept for the industry and 
for the households. With those capped prices, we feel that decent margins can be 
earned by the company. Should there be a challenge in getting those prices, we will 
have to seek higher prices from the customers like last year when they supported the 
domestic local manufacturing by paying higher prices because of the higher prices of  
gas and electricity. To the extent the energy prices remain high this year, we will 
have to depend on customers to pay a little higher than normal price. 
 
Sharan: 
I appreciate your courageous decision of acquisition in Europe for the future growth 
and being transparent for all the issues during the acquisition. So thanks for the 
opportunity and all the best for future, sir. 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Two questions from me. First, what proportion of your exports are to locations with 
anti-dumping against China? And how competitive are you really in areas where 
there is no duty? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Well, we used to have 20% or thereabouts of exports out of our total revenue. 
Currently, it is higher because the prices have been better in export markets and local 
prices have decreased from September, as we all know, because of the antidumping 
having gone. There is an antidumping duty in Europe and also in Turkey against 
China. But against Malaysia and Vietnam, there are no anti-dumping duties in any of 
the countries like Turkey or Europe or U.S.A. We are competing with China, 
Malaysia and Vietnam as a combined force because Malaysia and Vietnam 
production is also owned by the Chinese major players only. We are effectively 
dealing with them in that sense without an antidumping duty because the exports are 
coming from Malaysia and Vietnam. And almost, you can say 95% of our exports 
are to Europe and Turkey. Only about 5% may be to other countries. And in those 
countries, like U.S.A., there is no import duty against China. So this is the situation. 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
So Europe and Turkey, both have antidumping duty against China? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, they have and against Malaysia and Vietnam, they don't have. 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Right. So the next question is related. So after removal of antidumping duty on 
imports from China in India, what is the net value proposition for your customers in 
India to buy from Borosil Renewables versus importing from China? What is the 
pricing differential? Or any other value that the customer will see from buying from 
Borosil. Could you quantify that? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So value proposition is of a local supplier and supply chain-related issue which 
is quite important in this industry because there is a very very high working capital 
involvement in module making industry. Solar glass is only about 10% of the cost of 
the module and the customers  would like to have an assured supply source for this 
10%, which can affect or disrupt their manufacturing line for the entire value chain. 
So they would like to have an assured source of supply, which is what we offer from 
India. 
 
Then we offer benefits in terms of working capital or flexibility in ordering or 
smaller orders and immediate delivery like situation. Also on the payment terms, 
there will be certain relaxations in India as compared to imports. All those benefits 
are the ones which local buyer expects from the local manufacturer, which is why he 
is prepared to buy locally and also pays a little higher. In terms of the future growth 
potential, like PLI scheme, I had mentioned that the scheme provides for additional 
incentive to the module manufacturer for use of locally produced items. So there 
could be additional incentive for them to buy locally. These are the things which I 
feel would support local manufacturing of these items. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Upadhyay from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
So you mentioned about the duty imposition in Europe from China. Did you mention 
the timeline, sir? Till when this duty is imposed and when it will come for 
renegotiation? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
You asked for Europe. Isn't it? 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Right, sir. 
 
Ashok Jain: 
So in Europe, the antidumping duty is applicable till 2025. 
 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay. And secondly, sir, is there any support for the local glass manufacturer in 
Europe. Likewise, we have a requirement here where a local manufacturer gets 
support from the local authority? Is there any incentive for the local manufactures 
out there? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Well, there is no direct incentive to promote local manufacturing or use of solar glass 
for that matter. But now the governments, European Union have decided that they 
want to have a higher amount of installations. That means their solarization program 
is going to accelerate further, which is necessary for them. They are trying to replace 
the use of gas for the production of electricity and use solar energy. They can get the 
power for homes/ residences and offices by producing from renewable sources like 
solar power instead of converting gas to electricity and supplying that. They want to 
reduce the dependence on gas sources and in that context, they want to increase the 
installation to 60 gigawatts per annum of which they would like to produce 25 
gigawatt by local manufacturing, like modules and cells and other things. So once 
that is done, the demand for domestic production or domestic consumption of solar 
glass will go up. Being a local producer in Europe now through this Interfloat 
acquisition, we will get an advantage of our presence there and try to get this 
additional demand in our favor whether from India or from Germany. But in terms of 
any incentives or any local content requirement, there is nothing for solar glass. 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Fine sir. And sir, a few questions related to your balance sheet. Sir, our other 
noncurrent assets have gone up significantly, so has our CWIP. Can you just 
highlight the reason for the same? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
The noncurrent assets, I think the CWIP INR300 crore something which you are 
referring. If it is CWIP, then it is the expansion project I have to really look at the 
numbers. Can you proceed to next question? I will just open the balance sheet and 
see. 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Fine sir. In the meanwhile, sir, you mentioned that the I mean the 550 tons per day of 
our third phase of capacity expansion now will get commissioned by December. Am 
I right, sir? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, you're right. 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Fine, sir. Just a clarity on that other noncurrent assets. 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, I'll come back to you on that. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from NAFA AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Devang Patel: 
Sir, firstly, can you update on what is the impact of gas leakage at Interfloat, is it 
taken care of? And what are the costs for that? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. Gas leakage actually happened on 31st of July this year. And immediately, the 
furnace design supplier and the insurance company and relevant like fire department, 
everybody was alarmed about this situation. This fire was brought under control 
within the next 24 hours, and the whole repair of the furnace was carried out while 
the furnace was hot. So all those things have been done. And by 22nd, 23rd of 
August, the furnace was recommissioned. So the production has resumed there from 
that date and the furnace is operating at full capacity as of now. Now when you do a 
hot repair of a furnace, the life or the remaining life of the furnace cannot be 
expected to be very long and a proper cold repair has to be done. So when we are 
taking stock of the situation there, we will plan for the cold repair of furnace in the 
beginning of next calendar and at that time the furnace will be shut down for two 
months, and then it will be recommissioned. 
 
Devang Patel: 
What will be the cost of that approx.? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Well, only related to cold repair, it will not be a large cost. It may be about EUR2.5 
million to EUR3 million. But there will be certain changes which we'd like to make 
in the equipment and production lines because now the glass sizes have increased, as 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
it has happened around the world. So we will build in capabilities taking advantage 
of this situation of cold repair to change certain equipment or to enlarge the size of 
those equipment in order to service the new requirement of large-size glasses. So 
there will be certain expense on that as well, which will be much larger than this 
EUR2.5 million. So we are just taking current estimates of that, and then we'll be 
taking up that project maybe in the first quarter of next calendar. 
 
Devang Patel: 
Okay. Sir, on the Interfloat acquisition, the whole deal structure has undergone 
change. So can you just highlight what these changes are and what are the valuation 
of the whole entity and our road map to increase the stake to 100%? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Okay. So last deal which was a binding deal which we had signed was for 100% 
acquisition of shares and we were to issue shares of Borosil Renewables for 
EUR22.5 million and to pay cash EUR30 million and also share 50% EBIT for 3 
years, calendar year '24, '25 and '26. Now after this leakage and also the more severe 
situation on the gas front, we had virtually put a deadlock to the transaction and that 
led to renegotiations. The sellers realized that to stick to the deal may not be feasible, 
and they gave a certain revised offer, which was accepted by us. And the revised 
offer is like this. There were two shareholders in the company. One had held 86% 
and the other was holding 14%. So the person holding 86% has moved out 
completely and the other one holding 14% has remained in the ownership. So now 
the deal which has finally happened is of 86% shares and for that, we have paid 
EUR7.5 million to the outgoing shareholder. There have been certain other expenses, 
which have been incurred. And also the EBIT sharing, which was at 50% earlier, has 
been brought down to 20% to the outgoing shareholders. And the continuing 
shareholders will have a call option after 4 years. 
 
Devang Patel: 
And the pricing for that is not determined yet? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Pricing based on the multiple is determined at 7x the EBITDA and EBITDA will be 
applicable as per the then prevailing EBITDA. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Laxmi, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Harsh Laxmi: 
As you discussed, company will be adding more than double production capacities. 
So from economics of scale perspective, we will be gaining something in terms of 
production cost? So will you be able to quantify that in terms of percentage? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, absolutely. So there will be definitely scale benefit, which will accrue to the 
company and that will translate to cost reduction in terms of per unit cost. As it 
happened in the last expansion, we have saved about 3% to 4% in the cost which is 
what we expect to do around this time. We are expecting 3% cost savings. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lavanya from UBS. Please go ahead. 
 
Lavanya: 
So I wanted to check on a similar way how you have highlighted how in India, 
domestic manufacturers have been preferred over imports. What are the reasons for 
someone to prefer domestic manufacturer over importing? Can you just help with 
similar analogy, so if someone in Europe, would they prefer importing from India, 
Malaysia or Vietnam? How does it make any difference for them to import from any 
of the three locations? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So this local manufacturing advantage is being used positively for all the 
module manufactures in this value chain because of the reasons which I had 
mentioned sometime back in the form of supply-chain logistics robustness. I mean 
they want assured supply. And also, they are having the advantage as local 
manufacturer offers working capital advantage and other things. 
 
 
So similar kind of situation prevails in Europe also. The customers there are able to 
pay a little higher price to the local manufacturer as compared to imports. Another 
positive thing for India is that now for the last 2, 2.5 years, the European and 
American markets are generally looking at China-plus-one strategy. And they are 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
rather trying to discourage imports from China and rather shift to Indian exporters. 
So in terms of both like our presence in Europe, as a local producer and our being 
able to supply goods from India, we are in a good position to increase our presence 
in Europe. 
 
Lavanya: 
Got it, sir. So that's the reason I wanted to check if it's I mean China plus one. So 
would they prefer Vietnam or Malaysia or India was my question? Like, would they 
consider Malaysia and Vietnam are also like from Chinese players and give a benefit 
to India? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, absolutely, your question is very well taken. The Chinese manufacturers only 
have set up those Malaysian and Vietnam plants. So these are basically Chinese 
companies only, and they do not consider them as separate operation like India or 
like that. So in that sense, India gets a preference, even over Malaysia and Vietnam. 
 
Lavanya: 
Got it. Got it. And one more question. I understand the third plant is going to come 
online in December this year. So any timeline that you're looking for the fourth 
furnace, which we have envisaged. Any timeline there? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So we will be observing the outcome of this expansion in the month of 
December. By end of next month, we will have certain feeling about it. And in terms 
of our capacity expansion, Board has already approved a plan for 1,100-ton furnace. 
We will be working on that plan in the next quarter, that is Q1 of CY'23. And then 
we'll have to plan for fund raise and other things and then proceed with the plan. In 
the meantime, we will also make an effort to get certain relief on ADD or basic 
custom duty so that our margins could be better and payback could be lower. 
 
Lavanya: 
Got it. Got it, sir. So can we assume that 2 years from now is the time line that you're 
looking at? So if you start on the funding next quarter to 2 years from there or. 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So whenever we start placing orders and we are ready with the funding plan. 
From there, if you take 18 months. So you can assume 1.5 to 2 years' time from now, 
minimum. Minimum 1.5 year, maximum 2 years is what we feel. 
 
Lavanya: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And I mean, just continuation to my earlier question that the cost 
benefit, like the operating leverage with increasing capacity. So now it's almost like 
with the third furnace, it will be doubling the capacity. So is it right that 3% to 4% 
will be the operating leverage that you are looking at? I just wanted to clarify my 
understanding. 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, yes. Our estimate is that we will have about 3% of operating leverage. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Santosh Kucheria, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Santosh Kucheria: 
Just I wanted to know what is the selling price of glass at present? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Selling price of glass? 
 
Santosh Kucheria: 
Yes, in India. 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Average selling price we have just mentioned, was about INR139 for the quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit Kishore. 
Over to you. 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sir, just one follow-up. You mentioned that the hot repair did reduce the life of the 
furnace and we'll have to do a cold repair. Would there be a disruption when you do 
that? And what would be the duration of that disruption? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, of course, when you do a cold repair, you cool down the entire furnace and you 
take out all the refractory blocks and replace with new blocks. So there will be 
complete disruption of the production at that point in time. You can, of course, run 
your post production equipment like tempering and all, but for that you need glass. 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
You can buy solar glass from somewhere and then you temper it and supply to the 
customers. What we are essentially trying to do is that our plant is getting 
commissioned in India in December. So when the plant in Germany is taken for cold 
repair, we will be supplying goods from India to those customers, so that they are not 
starved off the material. So that's how we'll be managing it. But during the cold 
repair, of course, there will not be glass available from GMB plant in Germany. 
 
Sumit Kishore:  
Okay. And typically, what is the duration of cold repair? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
It is estimated at 60 days, but we are counting 90 days for a restart of the production 
after the cold repair, total 90 days' period. 
 
Sumit Kishore:  
Okay. And you will then be timing this cold repair, at what time? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Currently, we are thinking about February, but our team is assessing there. Right 
now, they are in the GMB plant, and they are assessing the situation. Once we have a 
complete view from the point of view of availability of materials for the repair and 
all and the necessary things can be put in place. And also from the customer's angle, 
we have to look at there being satisfied on the aspect of BRL or Borosil supplying 
glass to them. Our sales team is also interacting with the customers. All those things 
will be considered at the top level and then a decision will be taken. 
 
Sumit Kishore:  
Got it. Thank you so much, sir. There are no further questions at this point. Would 
you like to make some closing remarks? 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So thank you all for participating in this investor call. It has been very excellent 
session, I suppose, and we look forward to interacting with all the participants once 
again for the next quarter. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
