SUTLEJ TEXTILES AND
INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Lotus Corporate Park, ‘E’ Wing, 5th/6th Floor,
185/A, Graham Firth Compound, Near Jay Coach,
Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400 063, INDIA.
Phone : (022) 4219 8800/6122 8989 Fax (022) 42198830
E-mail : info@sutlejtextiles.com Website: www.sutlejtextiles.com
CIN. : L17124RJ2005PLC020927
(Govt. Recognised Three Star Export House)
Regd. Office:Pachpahar Road, Bhawanimandi - 326502 (Rajasthan) • Mills:Bhawanimandi (Raj.), Kathua (J&K), Baddi (H.P.), Bhilad (Guj.)
14th November, 2022
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai 400 001.
Scrip Code: 532782
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,
G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051.
Scrip Code: SUTLEJTEX
Dear Sirs / Madam,
Subject: Transcript of Q2 & H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed a transcript of the earnings conference call for the
quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2022 which was held on Wednesday,
09th November, 2022. The same will also be available on the website of the Company i.e.
www.sutlejtextiles.com.
The conference call held on 09th November, 2022, as per the Transcript enclosed
incorporates mainly the highlights of financial results upto 30th September, 2022, and
other related information which is already in public domain and / or made available /
uploaded on the Company’s website.
Please take the same on record.
Yours faithfully
For Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited
Manoj Contractor
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
MANOJ 
VINOD 
CONTRACTOR
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ VINOD 
CONTRACTOR 
Date: 2022.11.14 
17:58:26 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 09, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. UPDEEP SINGH - PRESIDENT & 
CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  AND  
MR. 
RAJIB 
MUKHOPADHYAY 
- 
WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited’s 
Q2 & H1 FY2023 Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajib Mukhopadhyay, CFO and Whole-
Time Director. Thank you, and over to you Sir! 
Rajib Mukhopadhyay: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Earnings Conference 
call for Sutlej Textiles and Industries for the second quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2022. I hope all of you and your families are in good health. Joining me on the call 
today, Mr. Updeep Singh, President and CEO of Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited and 
Stellar IR Advisors, our Investor Relations team. We have already uploaded the investor 
presentation and I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through the same. I will take 
you through the financial highlights, after which I will request UpdeepJi to run you through 
the industry and business highlights for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. 
 
As we all know that the Indian economy like most countries in the world was impacted by 
the geopolitical tensions, high inflationary environment, key commodity prices which had 
peaked up has started declining very recently, as the industry witnessed subdued demand. 
During the quarter despite all challenges our performance has remained resilient due to our 
diversified portfolio, multimarket operations, and strong relationships with our customers. 
 
Coming to the Income statement, our consolidated total income for the quarter was at Rs 
826 Crores, which is a jump of 4% as against Rs 798 Crores for the corresponding quarter 
last year that is Q2 FY2022. The increase in total income was on account of realization 
growth mainly. Our consolidated EBITDA stood at Rs 94 Crores which was lower by 12% 
compared to the corresponding previous quarter. EBITDA margins were at 11.39% which is 
199 basis points lower than Q2 FY2022 where it was 13.38% or Rs 107 Crores. The 
margins were impacted due to increase in raw material prices during the quarter. On the 
profitability side our consolidated PAT is Rs 31 Crores as against Rs 42 Crores in Q2 
FY2022, which is lower by 25% year-on-year basis. I would like to highlight that despite 
being a challenging quarter our capacity utilization especially for the yarn business which 
forms majority of our sales has been at optimum levels at around 95% during Q2 as against 
94% in the corresponding previous quarter. On the balance sheet side, the total debt actually 
reduced by Rs 143 Crores to Rs799 Crores as on September 2022 as compared to March 
2022. Also, as you are aware we have been consistently reducing our debt-to-equity ratio 
and currently it is at 0.7 times as on September 2022 compared to 0.86 times in March 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 11 
2022. That is all from my side. I would now request Shri. UpdeepJi to share the business 
outlook and industry scenario and then we can open the floor for the question and answer 
session. Thank you. 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you, RajibJi and very good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and thank you all for 
joining this call. At the outset if I have to give you the industry scenario, the scenario seems 
to me a little brittle in nature of the operating environment as it is reflected in the 
vulnerability of external shocks and unforeseen developments. As RajibJi mentioned that 
there is a declining trend on the raw material prices and the commodities and as a result 
there is a volatility in those. This leads to little bit of headwinds in the textile sector when at 
the consumer level there is anxiety and the demand is less, which is impacting us as a 
manufacturing sector as well, and there is general perception that in Q2 FY2023 the sales 
has been less and the Indian textile companies as the raw cotton and yarn prices remained 
higher and global retailers face inventory constraints compelling them to cut orders thereby 
putting pressure on the volume growth. Now at this stage Indian cotton prices remaining 
still more expensive than its global peers, high price inventories of cotton fiber with the 
mills, inability of textile players to pass on the higher cost to the customers across the value 
chain and above all a muted export demand and the current global economic challenges 
have further compounded the situation. There has been impact on the utilization in the 
textile sector which is putting pressure on the yarn fabric garment and home textile 
segments. However,going forward as the cotton prices ease with increased new season 
arrival of cotton in the market, yards, cost starting  a downhill journey to appropriate levels 
making Indian textile companies competitive in the world markets, significant reduction in 
inventories of big retailers during the festive seasons or through various discounts thereby 
boosting Indian demand and weathering of currency headwinds the second half of financial 
year 2023 maybe a period of recovery. The government is also making a lot of efforts to 
strengthen the textile sector, engage with the stakeholders in a holistic manner to achieve 
the textile export’s target of $100 billion in the next five to six years and scale up the total 
value of domestic and international trade to almost $250 to $300 billion. 
 
At Sutlej, our performance of the quarter has been quite resilient as Rajib informed and this 
is due to the agility in our business model and our flexibility to use various fibers that is the 
cotton and interchangeability to cotton to manmade fiber. Our production capacity as a 
result of flexiblity to cater to various products and markets as per demand more over as you 
would be aware that we have a very diversified raw material base as I said polyester, 
viscose, cotton acrylic and our reliance on particular raw material is less. This helps us to be 
better equipped to handle volatility in the prices of any particular raw material. I think any 
more comments on the industry development and raw material and demand scenario I can 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 11 
give you in the question and answer session and I now leave the house open for question 
and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. Please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir I just wanted to understand has the Indian cotton now has it adjusted to the same level as 
international prices or it is going to still take a few weeks for the crop to come through? 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you for asking this good question. At the moment, if I look at with the arrivals 
coming in and the new crop estimate ranging anywhere between 351 to 360, 365 depending 
on the agencies who is giving these estimates, I think the real adjustment of prices at the 
base level is yet to come. As the seasons picks up and more arrivals are there, I think this 
will come little down and it will be  adjusted from the present level. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Right now, if I look at it my understanding is the price is about 65000? 
Updeep Singh: 
At the moment the prices are ranging in between 65000- 66000 yes. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
How much would be the equivalent international prices? 
Updeep Singh: 
International prices if we convert to on today’s New York I think it is about 84 cents and if 
you convert this it comes to almost about 56000, 57000, so Indian prices still remain at 
about 17% high. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Just to understand what is the reason for the premium, is it because the freight costs are high 
so therefore import is harder or is it restriction on import why has the prices have been 
equivalent and not matching? 
 Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Why the prices are not matching with the international? 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Yes, is there any restrictions which are there, is there some duty which is there and like that. 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes, there is 11% duty as of now if anything which is shipped today would attract 10% to 
11% duty so that is one of the reasons,that Indian prices still are little higher and if you look 
at the crop last year in the last season the crop was much less, so today what we are getting 
are  the estimates. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
So right now the alternative is people are importing the yarn is it or the fabric ?because  it is  
cheaper is it? 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Updeep Singh: 
I think so that fabric has been imported but not too much on the cotton side. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
So we need to hold on for this sort of normalization, historically the prices of international 
and India are usually the parity is it? 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes, but I am talking what happens is  either it happens in India normally it should be a 
parity but keeping in view various conditions internationally as well if you look at last year 
because of the drought situation in US the international prices did touch about 115 plus 
which today are in the range of 83 cents, 84 cents per pound so I think something or the 
other because of the weather conditions or environmental condition or the nature, there is 
something which is happening and so there is a disparity between the prices either 
sometime Indian is higher and mostly now we have seen for the two years Indian prices 
have been higher. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
On the MMF side of the thing how are you looking there given what we are hearing is that 
there is certain amount of imports happening from China because of the slowdown there  
how should we look at the MMF side? 
Updeep Singh: 
See on MMF the total outlook is that it is stable to bearish and it all would depend on the 
movement of crude. Crude being volatile and we feel that the prices of polyester would 
remain mostly stable and stable to soft, we do not foresee anything today, of course nobody 
can predict nowadays, that these prices are going to rise from here. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
No, but the prices obviously depend on crude but how our spreads looking right now? 
Updeep Singh: 
Right now, if I have to summarize this on polyester side and MMF side it is stable to soft. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
We expect that to continue or we expect that to reverse also how should we look at the 
MMF side of it? 
Updeep Singh: 
See I personally feel that this situation may continue for some time but how long even I do 
not know. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
But is there excess capacity, is that the problem or it is just there a demand slowdown? 
Updeep Singh: 
This is coupled with both the things, one subject to the crude and the melt cost and the other 
side is the demand. Now if you look  on the demand side it is a very subdued demand today 
because of lesser footfall, inventories,  the retailers are also renegotiating the contracts 
because of the dollar movement,  there are so many factors which are all combining 
together and this leads to the impression that it is going to be little softer. 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
If we were to look at your outlook for the next year per se, is it too hard to talk about it now 
given all the moving parts or do you guys have an internal view that you all can share on 
that? 
Updeep Singh: 
See I do not see next year too bad because of the cotton outlook because of the estimates 
what we are getting today and unless some unprecedented weather conditions happen the 
cotton crop at the present level of estimate seems to be good and if that happens I think next 
year should be better than this year. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Alright Sir thank you I will rejoin the queue if any. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you Sir. My first question is on capacity utilization and outlook for near-term, do we 
still see pressure in the yarn sales given the weak demand in the international market or 
yarn demand has started picking up? 
Updeep Singh: 
Hi Prerna, thanks for your question, I would say on the capacity utilization as RajibJi said 
that in the last quarter  which we are talking about we have a capacity utilization of almost 
95% and we are in dyed yarns so there is a pressure on the demand as well especially on the 
PV yarn and more so on the cotton mélange yarn. So there was a pressure and the pressure  
on cotton mélange yarn still remains because retailers are still waiting for cotton to settle 
down at the fibre stage , also they are to replenish their inventories once things are finished 
and with the less footfall at the stores and the anxiety amongst the consumers there is a 
pressure on the demand side as well and we do expect that the going quarter would also see 
a pressure. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
What about domestic market have we started seeing improvement in the domestic market? 
Updeep Singh: 
See domestic market has been under pressure as well because of exports because whatever 
was exported earlier that export was under pressure and this capacity came to domestic 
market. So I think domestic market is doing better in the sense that it is also able to absorb 
some of the capacities of exports. So, if that goes on for long the domestic market is also 
going to come under pressure in the near-term. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
If you could give some color on the green fiber plant at what utilization it is operating and 
how is it helping in managing our cost today? 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Updeep Singh: 
On green fiber I must say that green fiber has done well in the quarter, we have achieved 
good utilization ,in fact October month the last month we were in, we could do almost 
highest production on per day basis consistently for average on the monthly average and our 
profitability also on the green fiber project has been very good. So green fiber has done 
good both in terms of profitability as well as helping us in the yarn division, because most 
of the fiber goes to our own yarn and we could improve a little bit on the efficiency at the 
spinning stage as well and have better control over the raw material. So green fiber I would 
say last quarter fared fairly well. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
What is the utilization level today of green fiber and how much is consumed internally? 
Updeep Singh: 
We are making almost 3700 tons per month against the capacity of 3600 plus and almost 
95% of this is consumed internally even little more as well. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
That is perfectly great and just trying to understand how much ROE, ROCE this plant is 
adding to your numbers if you were using virgin fiber against the recycled fiber what is the 
delta that you are receiving in the margins this is something that I want to get your 
understanding? 
Updeep Singh: 
If you look at this, the difference between virgin and green fiber today  is a range of Rs.12 
to Rs.15 or in certain cases yes 15 plus, so the delta and margin addition is one part, second 
is the shades so if we convert off and on, it becomes difficult to get the same shades out of 
virgin as well as recycled. Our dyed uptake of recycled is much more than the virgin fiber 
so to match the shade it is not so easy so we have a threshold which keeps on changing as to 
where we would like to switch from recycle to virgin. Of course with the virgin fiber we 
might be able to improve on the working of the spinning to some extent; however, this adds 
to certain other issues on the shade matching. So if you compare on today’s prices I think in 
the PV yarn this would be to the extent of almost Rs.7 to Rs.8 per kg which is giving us 
advantage because of green fiber or recycled fiber. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
This is actually very good because Rs.7 to Rs.8 is a very good number to add to profits. 
Updeep Singh: 
Plus this is the sustainability factor as well. So we as a company would like to stick to 
sustainability factor. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Just wanted some clarity on home textiles business also so you are at capacity of 8.4 million 
meters and wanted to get some color on what utilizations they are at and where do you see 
this business over the next three to five years? 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Updeep Singh: 
Home textile business as far as loom capacity is concerned that is what sometimes I say 
there is a difference in this home textile in the living room as compared to bed and bath. 
Today we are running at about 80% in terms of the loom capacity, so I would say that home 
textile business with the traction we are getting on cut service -Nesteraa, I do see that this 
business is going to grow in the next three to five years to a larger extent I cannot give you 
any fixed numbers or percentages, but I think this is a business which we can grow 
profitably in the next three to five years. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood Sir thank you I will come back to the question queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi from 
Phillip Capital India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Good afternoon Sir and congratulations for good performance in a challenging times while 
most of the players are really struggling to maintain profitability. I think some of the 
questions already answered, but just to take it forward on home textile we have seen the 
recovery in our sales but still I think profitability is not that much improved so what will be 
the road to profitability improvement in home textile? 
Updeep Singh: 
First of all thank you very much Vikramji for your kind words. Yes, the team has done well 
under the circumstances I would say and regarding this home textile question I would say 
that you are absolutely right that the profitability has improved but still it is in red. So what 
we see coming forward of growing the profitability is our thrust on exports especially in US 
and UK market and Middle East, because US and UK market are the markets which are 
really good on this and also on the cut service and the good thing is that over the last one 
quarter where we had launched more goods on the cut service as well we have seen a very 
good traction coming in, in cut service business which is of course business with more 
margin of course it takes time to grow that business but I feel that we will be able to take 
this positive in the next quarters a few quarters more we should be able to make it positive. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: What would be the share of export in home textile for us and if you can give even share of 
our Nesterra brand in overall sales broadly? 
Updeep Singh: 
I would say the overall Nesterra today is little less than 10% and export is to the extent of 
almost 25% which we intent to grow so that is why it is little less. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: So export can we reach to the similar number what we have in yarn like around 40%, 45% 
almost half of the sales? 
Updeep Singh: 
Definitely yes that is the target. 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Just to get more sense on this yarn side typically we have around 35% like mélange 
production earlier but in the view that more demand is shifting to the polyester, viscose and 
with the volatility in cotton prices what was the share for us in mélange in Q2 or is there 
any material shift in this mélange yarn production? 
Updeep Singh: 
See Q2 our production, mélange yarn was hovering to the extent of almost because one 
thing I would like to clarify before I say the share mélange when you say mélange either 
you are referring to only cotton mélange that share was much less whereas  now we have 
developed from mélanges in polyester and polyester cotton mélange as well. So if I 
combine all the mélanges together we still are at the range of say about 40%, 45% and 
cotton mélange was less. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: What would be broadly cotton mélange approximately? 
Updeep Singh: 
Cotton mélange I would say 100% cotton mélange was to the extent of almost 26%, 27%. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Okay got it. Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aman Madrecha from Augmenta 
Research Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aman Madrecha: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir can you please highlight about how has been the polyester 
yarn spreads and the cotton yarn spreads because what we are hearing from the industry is 
that at the cotton yarn spread level practically the spinners are at a breakeven so can you 
just highlight in our sales what are the spreads currently and how are we foreseeing that 
because as the new cotton arrivals are coming and the prices are softening so any color on 
that? 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you Amanji for this question,I would say that when you are referring to cotton 
spread and when you said that mills are at breakeven you might be referring to the cotton 
gray yarns, so gray yarns I would add to your statement that mills may not be at the 
breakeven at some point of time the spread was negative the cotton price was higher the 
yarn price was lower at some point of time. Today the spread is almost in cotton yarn say 
for in the 30s cotton the spread still remains to the extent of Rs.40, Rs.50 even less, but in 
our case being a mélange yarn our spreads are little different so there is a pressure on that, 
the spread on mélange yarn had been to the extent of almost I would say 70, 75 for quite 
some time that is why we had to get to some other mélanges in terms of polyester cotton so 
that is a spread on the cotton side. 
Aman Madrecha: 
That is all from my side. 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi from Phillip 
Capital India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Can you update us on this expansion plan which is in J&K how the progress in terms of 
land acquisition and order is? 
Updeep Singh: 
The plan is like this that the government of J&K has minuted the minutes of the assets 
committee meeting in which they have allotted the land parcel, we are yet to receive the 
letter of allotment from them, the minutes of the meeting have been uploaded and I think 
they have asked for any objections if any from the applicants who had made the DPR. So I 
think we should be able to close it by end of this month later and the land parcel would be 
allotted by that time by end of the month this is the expectation. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Got it Sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vivek Mehta an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Mehta: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. I have one question and can you give the outlook 
on demand in USA and Europe and do things get to improve in H2? 
Updeep Singh: 
I feel personally that in H2 see the part of H2 has already gone so we are in third quarter so 
I feel if at all the demand comes in, in a good way within this year it would be only the 
latter half of the last quarter this is what my personal opinion is because of less footfall 
today and also retailers sort of renegotiating the contracts and also  replenishing their 
inventories later on and the cotton prices yet to stabilize I think we will have to wait for a 
few months before they get there so H2 may not be very, very good but I think there would 
be recovery in the last quarter this is my personal opinion. 
Vivek Mehta: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Updeep Singh – President & CEO for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Updeep Singh: 
Ladies and gentlemen thank you very much for attending this call and we really feel 
encouraged while good questions being asked and the situation being explained. We as a 
team are very resilient and we do feel that we will be able to tide over the situation what the 
textile industry is facing world over under the uncertain circumstances but it is something 
which is really doable and we are quite confident that we will be able to tide over and do 
well in the coming days and with all this I would like to once again thank you all and thank 

 
 
 Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 09, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 11 
my team across the units and the offices and our customers and all stakeholders for 
supporting us in doing whatever best we could do and whatever best we will be able to do 
in the coming quarters. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
