 
 
 
CIN: L74899DL1992PLC051462 
 
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Reg. off.: 410-412,18/12, 4th Floor, W.E.A, Arya Samaj Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi-110005, Corp off.: 716-717, 7th Floor, Tower – B, World 
Trade Tower, Sector – 16, Noida,201301, Uttar Pradesh, Ph.: +91 120 4290650/52/53/54/55, Email: info@cslfinance.in, Web.: www.cslfinance.in 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
C-1, Block-G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
NSE Symbol: CSLFINANCE 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze, Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 530067 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on November 10, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
With reference to our letter dated November 07, 2022, intimating you about the conference call 
for Analysts and Investors held on November 10, 2022, please find attached the transcript of 
the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information shall be made available on the website of the Company viz. 
www.cslfinance.in. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For CSL Finance Limited 
 
 
Preeti Gupta 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
Encl: a/a 
Preeti 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Preeti Gupta 
Date: 2022.11.15 
15:42:12 +05'30'

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 CSL Finance Limited 
 Earnings Conference Call 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 Moderator: 
 Ladies  and  gentlemen,  good  day  and  welcome  to  the  CSL  Finance 
 Limited  Q2  FY23  Earnings  Conference  Call  hosted  by  TIL  Advisors 
 Private  Limited.  As  a  reminder,  all  parƟcipant  lines  will  be  in  the  listen 
 only  mode  and  there  will  be  an  opportunity  for  you  to  ask  quesƟons 
 aŌer  the  presentaƟon  concludes.  Should  you  need  assistance  during 
 the  conference  call,  please  signal  an  operator  by  pressing  *  then  0  on 
 your  touch  tone  phone.  Please  note  that  this  conference  is  being 
 recorded.  I  now  have  the  conference  over  to  Mr.  Sayam  Pokharna 
 from TIL Advisors Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
 Sayam  Pokharna:  
 Hello  everyone  and  thanks  for  joining  the  Q2  FY23  earnings  call  of  CSL 
 Finance  Limited.  The  results  and  the  investor  presentaƟon  and 
 updates  have  already  been  published  on  the  Stock  Exchange  website 
 and  the  company  website.  They  have  also  been  emailed  to  you. To 
 take  us  through  today's  results  and  updates  on  the  business,  we  have 
 with  us  Mr.  Rohit  Gupta,  Managing  Director,  Mr.  Amit  Ranjan,  Chief 
 OperaƟng  Oﬃcer,  Mr.  Naresh  Chandra  Varshney,  Chief  Financial 
 Oﬃcer,  Mr.  Chandan  Kumar,  Credit  Head  and  Ms.  Rachita  Gupta, 
 WholeƟme  Director.  We  will  be  starƟng  with  a  brief  overview  of  the 
 quarter  gone  by  from  Rohit  sir  followed  by  a  quesƟon  and  answer 
 session.  I  would  like  to  remind  you  all  that  anything  said  on  this  call 
 that  represents  any  outlook  for  the  future  that  can  be  construed  as  a 
 forward-looking  statement must  be  viewed  in  conjuncƟon  with  the 
 risks  and  uncertainƟes  that  we  face.  These  risks  and  uncertainƟes 
 Page  1  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 have  been  menƟoned  in  our  annual  reports.  I  would  now  like  to  hand 
 over the call to Rohit sir over to you, Sir. 
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 I  welcome  you  all  to  the  quarter  two  and  half  yearly  ﬁnancial  23 
 earnings  calls  of  CSL  Finance  Limited.  Thank  you  for  taking  out  the 
 Ɵme  to  aƩend  this  call.  It  is  a  pleasure  to  address  you  all  today  and 
 walk  you  through  the  performance  for  the  quarter.  So  ﬁrst  I  will  take 
 you  through  the  Balance  sheet  updates.  StarƟng  with  the  AUM,  our 
 loan  book  stands  at  the  highest  ever  602  crores  as  of  ﬁnancial  year  23, 
 an  increase  of  10%  quarter-on-quarter  and  an  increase  of  15%  in  the 
 ﬁrst  half  compared  to  31st  March  2022.  Further,  the  mix  of  AUM 
 stands  at  63%  for  wholesale  and  37%  of  SME  retail  porƞolio,  highest 
 ever  in  favor  of  SME  retail  as  intended.  Loan  book  growth  has  been 
 impressive  on  the  SME  Retail  front  in  quarter  two.  The  Company 
 reported  an  increase  of  24%  quarter-on-quarter  and  56%  compared  to 
 31st  March  22.  Strong  growth  in  the  wholesale  porƞolio  has  been 
 ﬂaƫsh  and  for  the  ﬁrst  half  due  to  some  seasonal  eﬀects  and  the 
 healthy  performance  of  the  NCR  market  during  the  set  period.  Due  to 
 favorable  market  condiƟons,  liquidity  posiƟons  of  developers  were 
 very  good  and  the  loan  repayments  are  much  on  the  faster  side,  and 
 therefore  despite  good  disbursements  in  quarter  1  and  Q2  we  haven't 
 witnessed  any  loan  growth  on  the  wholesale  front.  However,  we 
 expect to perform beƩer in the second half. 
 Total  disbursements  for  Q2  FY23  stood  at  228  crores  an  increase  of 
 16%  quarter-on-quarter  and  144%  increase  on  year-on-year.  Total 
 collecƟons  for  Q2  FY23  stood  at  173  crores;  collecƟon  eﬃciency  has 
 been  over  99%  for  the  overall  porƞolio,  a  trend  consistent  for  the  last 
 3  quarters.  AUM  &  Asset  Quality,  our  &  Asset  Quality  metrics  have 
 been  consistently  improving  for  the  last  ﬁve  quarters.  We  witnessed 
 an  improvement  both  on  GNPA  and  NNPA  fronts.  Our  gross  NPA 
 stands  at  0.83%,  down  48  basis  points,  quarter-on-quarter  and  net 
 Page  2  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 NPA  as  of  Q2  FY23  stood  at  0.48%  down  30  basis  point 
 quarter-on-quarter. 
 Furthermore,  Provision  Coverage  RaƟo  stands  at  161%  in  Q2  FY23 
 compared  to  116%  in  the  previous  quarter.  On  the  debt  side,  the 
 company  has  further  onboarded  3  new  lending  partners,  which  are 
 some  of  the  most  well  regarded  ﬁnancial  insƟtuƟons  in  the  country, 
 namely  ICICI  Bank,  Kotak  Mahindra  investment  and  Cholamandalam 
 Investment  &  Finance  Company.  In  the  last  six  months  we  have  added 
 ﬁve  new  lenders,  taking  the  total  count  to  11.  As  of  30th  September 
 2022,  the  company  has  its  adequate  liquidity  of  29  crores,  including 
 cash and cash equivalents and undrawn credit lines. 
 Now  coming  to  the  proﬁt  &  loss  account  Q2  FY23.  Our  total  income 
 for  Q2  ﬁnancial  23  stood  at  27.4  crores  an  increase  of  9% 
 quarter-on-quarter  and  60%  increase  year-on-year.  Subsequently,  the 
 net  interest  income  stood  at  only  21.2  crores,  reporƟng  a  10%  growth 
 quarter-on-quarter  and  49%  year-on-year.  Our  PAT  for  this  quarter 
 stood  at  11.2  crores  an  increase  of  5%  quarter-on-quarter  and  58% 
 year-on-year.  As  shared  in  our  earlier  update  we  have  completely 
 migrated  to  our  bespoke  customer  onboarding  and  loan  underwriƟng 
 plaƞorm  with  mulƟple  API  integraƟon  in  Q2.  We  have  also  completed 
 our  integraƟon  with  the  collecƟon  module,  in  our  next  eﬀort  we  are 
 working  on  building  a  credit  rule  engine  to  further  strengthen  our 
 underwriƟng. 
 During  the  quarter,  we  have  also  added  four  new  branches,  taking  the 
 total  to  26  branches  spread  across  six  states.  All  of  these  addiƟons 
 have  been  in  our  exisƟng  markets  following  a  clustered  approach.  On 
 the  new  product  and  the  customer  segment  side  as  communicated 
 earlier  we  are  looking  to  add  an  unsecured  loan  product  for  MSME  in 
 Tier-2  Tier-3  ciƟes.  We  expect  to  do  this  by  the  end  of  this  ﬁnancial 
 Page  3  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 year,  or  maybe  in  quarter  one  of  the  next  ﬁnancial  year.  We  are 
 already  working  on  it.  And  we  want  to  build  a  plaƞorm  ﬁrst  and 
 hopefully  we  should  start  by  the  end  of  this  ﬁnancial  year.  Going 
 forward  on  the  credit  raƟng  front,  we  are  due  for  a  review  in  the 
 coming  months  and  we  are  quite  opƟmisƟc  that  we'll  be  able  to 
 achieve  an  upgrade  which  will  help  on  the  borrowing  side.  Our  current 
 porƞolio  mix  of  63:37  for  Wholesale:  SME  Retail  is  not  far  from  our 
 stated  target  of  60:40,  but  partly  because  of  the  ﬂat  loan  book  of  the 
 whole  chain  front,  the  last  two  quarters,  which  I  believe  is  the 
 temporary  trend.  Nonetheless,  we  will  keep  working  towards  having  a 
 desired  AUM  mix.  I  would  like  to  reiterate  that  going  forward,  the  base 
 of  operaƟonal  costs,  especially  the  employee  costs  should  remain  the 
 same  as  now  we  have  suﬃcient  team  strength  to  scale  up  to  a  loan 
 book  of  1000  crores.  These  are  the  brief  updates  on  our  balance  sheet 
 and  the  quarter  and  now  I'd  like  to  open  the  ﬂoor  for  your  quesƟon, 
 thanks very much.  
 Moderator: 
 Thank  you  very  much  Sir.  Ladies  and  gentlemen,  we  will  now  begin  the 
 quesƟon  and  answer  session.  The  ﬁrst  quesƟon  is  from  the  line  of 
 Ankit Gupta from bamboo capital, please go ahead.  
 Ankit  Gupta: 
 On  the  SME  retail  side,  we've  seen  a  very  sharp  jump  in  our  loan  book. 
 Last  year  in  September  we  had  around  61  crore  of  loan  book.  It  has 
 now  increased  to  almost  223  crore.  So  how  are  we  ensuring  we  follow 
 good credit factors given the sharp jump in our SME loan book.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 So  we  have  already  said  in  earlier  calls  also,  our  eﬀort  was  to  build  our 
 SME  segment.  Especially  post  Covid  we  took  a  hit  on  the  fresh 
 disbursement,  so  lot  of  exercise  went  during  that  lean  period  of  Covid 
 where  we  worked  on  our  processes,  worked  on  hiring  team,  and 
 worked  on  building  a  new  plaƞorm  which  was  suitable  and  was  as  per 
 the  needs  of  our  segment  which  we  are  focusing  on.  So  lot  of  focus 
 Page  4  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 has  been  on  the  SME  and  very  frankly,  for  last  one  and  half  years 
 involvement  which  earlier  was  used  to  be  on  the  wholesale  side  has 
 also  been  more  on  the  retail  side  and  so  the  sum  total  of  all  eﬀorts  of 
 our  team  and  the  improvement  of  team  strength  lot  of  eﬀort  has  gone 
 to  improve.  We  opened  8  branches  during  the  last  nine  months  and  at 
 the  same  Ɵme  we  improved  the  infra  and  the  locaƟons  of  all  our 
 branches  during  the  last  nine  months.  So  a  lot  of  exercise  has  been 
 done  and  as  a  result  of  which  you  are  seeing,  that  the  numbers  are 
 also coming out.  
 Ankit  Gupta: 
 Sure,  so  1  thing  I  wanted  to  understand  is  that  a  lot  of  our  wholesale 
 book  is  largely  on  ﬁxed  rates,  even  in  SME  we  have  ﬁxed  loan  rates,  so 
 given  the  increasing  interest  rates  how  are  we  handling  such  a  sharp 
 rise  in  interest  rates.  And  now  we've  got  an  impact  on  our  net  interest 
 margins.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 So  we  menƟoned  a  liƩle  bit  in  the  presentaƟon  also,  look  you  have  to 
 understand  we  are  working  already  in  a  liƩle  higher  IRR  bracket  and 
 specially  the  retail  one,  the  customers  which  we  are  dealing  with  are 
 from  Tier-2  Ɵer-3  ciƟes,  small,  micro,  SME,  self-employed,  businesses, 
 they  run  their  businesses  and  they  understand  more  ﬁxed  EMI,  ﬁx 
 tenures.  When  someƟmes  we  do  a  ﬂoaƟng  rate  or  someƟmes  we 
 change  the  tenure  or  change  the  EMI,  they  are  not  able  to 
 understand;  and  we  thought  as  our  Tenure  period  is  5  to  7  years,  it  is 
 only  during  that  last  nine  months  that  we  are  seeing  that  sharp  rise  in 
 our  interest  rates,  otherwise  it  will  see  a  liƩle  dip,  so  that  will  also 
 beneﬁt.  So  we  thought  that  we  will  sƟck  to  the  ﬁxed  interest  rates  in 
 the  SME  side,  where  in  SME  certain  porƞolios  which  we  are  acquiring 
 at  a  liƩle  compeƟƟve  rate  between  16%  to  18%,  we  thought  that  we 
 should  move  to  the  ﬂoaƟng  rate  and  so  in  the  next  one  or  two 
 months.  Especially  when  we  are  working  in  that  interest  bracket,  we 
 will  do  one  ﬂoaƟng  and  plus  18.  We  will  sƟll  like  to  maintain  on  the 
 Page  5  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 ﬁxed  part  and  the  same  goes  with  our  wholesale  where  we  thought 
 that  when  we  are  acquiring  a  customer  between  15  to  17  we  will  work 
 on  the  ﬂoaƟng  rate  link  with  the  repo  rate  and  17  plus  will  sƟll  be  at 
 the  ﬁx  and  specially  on  the  wholesale  or  average  the  account 
 rundown  between  you  can  say  on  average  24  months.  So,  it  is  not  that 
 we  are  having  a  customer  which  is  there  on  boarded  for  four  to  six 
 years  kind  of  loan  tenure  on  the  wholesale  and  someƟmes  you  have 
 to  understand  that  keeping  in  view  a  liƩle  higher  and  trust  bracket,  so 
 the  customer  is  a  liƩle  more  ﬂexible  and  they  certainly  see  the 
 beneﬁts.  The  company  is  giving  me  a  ﬁxed  rate,  otherwise  they  are 
 giving  a  ﬂoaƟng  rate.  They  increase  someƟmes  beyond  our 
 expectaƟons.  So  all  those  is  a  liƩle  added  feature  to  our  product  also 
 and  we  will  like  to  remain  with  that  and  it  is  only  a  passing  phase, 
 maybe  6  to  9  months  or  12  months  and  when  things  stabilize  and  they 
 pull  the  interest  rates  are  going  to  remain  higher  than  our  slowly  and 
 steadily  our  porƞolio  will  also  align  to  that  but  moving  everything  to 
 ﬂoaƟng  we  think  is  not  in  the  right  interest  at  this  stage,  where  we  are 
 requiring  the  customers  that  are  liƩle  compeƟƟve  rates  both  on  retail 
 and wholesale.  
 Ankit  Gupta: 
 The  new  lender  that  we  have  boarded  I  guess  your  ICICI  Bank,  Kotak 
 Mahindra  Investment,  and  Cholamandalam,  what  are  the  terms  for 
 borrowing from them.  
 Rohit Gupta: 
 Between I would say 9% to 10.5%.  
 Ankit Gupta: 
 Sure, and this is ﬂoaƟng.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 Some  are  linked  with  T-bills.  Some  are  linked  with  the  MCLR,  but  very 
 few  linked  with  the  repo  rate.  So  what  is  happening  is  that  repo  rates 
 have  moved  higher,  but  the  corresponding  increase  in  the  MCLR  is  not 
 at  the  same  rate  at  which  the  MCLR  has  moved,  and  the  same  goes 
 Page  6  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 with  the  T-bills,  so  most  of  our  loans  are  linked  with  the  Treasury  bill 
 or with the MCLR.  
 Ankit  Gupta: 
 Last  quesƟon,  how  do  you  see  the  investment  on  real  estate  and  SME 
 retail happening for our company in the second-half of this year?  
 Rohit Gupta: 
 I'm not able to hear properly. Can you  repeat? 
 Chandan  Kumar: 
 Actually,  Ankit,  the  market  is  performing  very  well,  the  real  estate 
 scenario  is  also  very  much  bullish.  We  expect  nothing  but  quite  good 
 disbursement  in  the  coming  year.  We  have  a  bit  of  good  pipelines  into 
 the  coming  quarters  and  we  see  good  disbursement  in  coming  or  later 
 six months, second-half of the year. 
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 SomeƟmes  Ankit,  Wholesale  is  a  liƩle  lumpy.  both  in  terms  of 
 disbursement  and  someƟmes  in  terms  of  collecƟons  also.  Because 
 when  you  work  on  a  proposal  I  think  it  will  take  a  lot  of  Ɵme  and  right 
 now,  so  few  you  on  board  or  you  are  looking  at  so  you  will  see  that  in 
 a  parƟcular  month,  a  lot  of  disbursement  has  happened,  so  that  is  a 
 liƩle  peculiarity  with  that  and  the  ﬁrst  three  months  of  a  new  ﬁnancial 
 year  is  always  a  liƩle  slow.  So  that  was  the  case,  and  we  believe  that 
 the  next  six  months  should  be  close  it  is  only  that  the  collecƟons  were 
 very strong. We have done our disbursement for more than 220 crore. 
 Ankit  Gupta: 
 And  sir  last  quesƟon  on  the  employee  expenses.  We  have  almost  like  4 
 crores  kind  of  employee  expenses  this  quarter.  Although  in  the  call 
 and  as  well  as  in  the  presentaƟon,  there  is  one  oﬀ  cost  of  ESOP.  Now 
 how  do  you  see  this  cost  panning  out  for  us  in  the  second-half  of  this 
 ﬁnancial year. And like on.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 OK,  very  frankly  this  is  1  cost  which  has  gone  up  and  we  think  that 
 now  this  cost  will  be  jusƟﬁed  by  producƟvity,  where  our  main  focus  is 
 on  the  retail  side  and  the  most  of  the  costs  have  gone  there  and  we 
 Page  7  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 had  a  liƩle  aggressive,  as  you  can  say  a  lot  more  prudent  what  we 
 were  during  COVID  period  of  prior  to  that,  and  now  we  have  fully 
 moved  to  new  plaƞorm  with  all  those  processes  and  now  we  don't 
 want  to  work  with  a  liƩle  so  we  had  a  full  team  at  on  all  fronts. 
 Maybe  operaƟonal  credit  sales  and.  So  we  have  seen  it  and  we  had  an 
 appraisal  in  the  ﬁrst  quarter  for  a  liƩle  bit  around  22  to  28  lacs  I  think 
 is  the  ease  of  expense  in  this  one  and  we  see  that  now  more  or  less 
 we  will  not  see  any  major  change  in  our  employee  strength  in  the 
 coming  six  months  or  nine  months.  And  the  focus  will  be  improving 
 producƟvity  and  that  is  where  our  major  focus  is  now  going  forward. 
 When  we  start,  and  you  do  it  with  a  liƩle  expansion  and  all  those  open 
 new  branches  and  the  numbers  don't  start  coming  up  from  the  day 
 one,  and  when  you  hire  a  team,  they  also  take  Ɵme  to  understand  the 
 product  of  the  company.  So  going  forward,  this  cost  will  be  jusƟﬁed  by 
 producƟvity only.  
 Moderator: 
 Thank  you.  The  next  quesƟon  is  from  the  line  of  Dhwanil  Desai  from 
 Turtle Capital. Please go ahead.  
 Dhwanil  Desai: 
 So  the  ﬁrst  quesƟon  is,  we  have  done  around  420-425  crore  of 
 disbursement  in  the  ﬁrst  half  and  we  are  trying  to  move  the  mix 
 towards  retail.  So  incremental  disbursement  is  it  safe  to  assume  that 
 70% kind of a number is stored for retail disbursement.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 Look,  I  can't  put  a  number,  but  there  was  a  mix  of  two  things,  one  is 
 will  we  raise  fresh  fund  at  the  right  cost  and  secondly  we  have  a  very 
 clear  mindset  that  our  ﬁrst  priority  is  on  the  retail  where  we  see  that 
 averagely  how  we  are  done  here  doing  between  around  15  to  18 
 crores  per  month,  and  which  we  hope  to  take  it  to  round  about  20 
 crores  per  month,  with  this  thing  on  the  retail  end  with  everything  set 
 up  on  the  and  wholesale  so  is  not  an  issue.  Very  frankly  with  us.  You 
 want  to  increase  that  hopefully  we  can  do  that.  So  just  someƟmes  we 
 Page  8  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 have  seen  a  huge  buoyant  real  estate  market  in  the  last  nine  months 
 to  one  year.  We  have  become  a  liƩle  bit,  well,  let's  see  what  things 
 play  out  so,  but  otherwise  increasing  the  porƞolio  on  the  wholesale  is 
 not a challenge for us.  
 Dhwanil  Desai: 
 OK,  second  thing,  we  just  noƟce  that  last  you  know,  4-5  quarters,  Our 
 yields  both  on  wholesale  had  gone  down  from  17.1  to  16  point 
 something.  And  on  the  retail  side  also  the  yield  is  either  stable  or 
 going  down.  And  you  are  saying  that  incrementally  we  are  also  looking 
 at  16%  to  18%.  Kind  of  our  yield.  So  should  we  assume  a  slightly  lower 
 yield going forward than what we've been doing so far?  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 Yeah,  deﬁnitely.  Right  now  we  were  working  on  a  ﬁxed  interest  rate 
 method  and  so  that's  why  with  increase  in  rates  we  were  not  able  to 
 pass  on.  Now  as  I  explained  earlier  we  will  having  two  ﬁxed  rate  with 
 the  certain  segment  where  the  IRR  are  comfortable.  And  that  liƩle 
 where  we're  pricing  ourselves  compeƟƟvely.  We  will  have  a  ﬂoaƟng 
 rate  and  going  on  the  yield  side,  there's  deﬁnitely  the  new  preposiƟon 
 will  take  into  account  the  rise  in  the  interest  rates  and  which  we  have 
 already  started  doing  it  so  50  basis  to  100  basis  I  would  say  not  to  put 
 a  ﬁgure  here,  but  yeah,  deﬁnitely  we  will  be  reﬂecƟng  in  the  rising 
 interest  rates  and  to  some  extent  we'll  be  able  to  pass  on  to  the 
 borrower.  
 Dhwanil  Desai: 
 OK,  and  any  updates  on  the,  whatever  provisions  that  we've  made  for 
 the  educaƟon  segment  and  things  are  now  back  to  normal,  so  any 
 write backs or kind of, are we recovering the money from?  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 We  are  witnessing  write  backs  every  quarter  and  we  have  already  had 
 a  write  back  of  1.61  crore.  I  think  out  of  a  total  bad  debt  of  6-7  crores 
 and  the  last  quarter.  Also  in  March  we  had  a  decent  write  back.  So 
 right  now,  92%  of  the  educaƟon  sector  porƞolio  the  customers  are 
 Page  9  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 paying,  the  lot  of,  we  had  around  43  accounts  in  SARFAESI.  We  were 
 (in  audible)  and  most  of  them  were  fully  tested  and  we  have 
 recovered  or  fully  closed  the  regular  29  cases  and  it's  a  deadline  at  the 
 end  of  December.  Barring  one  or  two  cases  which  have  gone  into 
 legal,  we'll  be  able  to  regularise  all  the  rest  of  them,  so  Ɵll  January  22 
 there  was  an  embargo  by  the  Supreme  Court  not  to  take  any  legal 
 acƟons  and  now  the  schools  have  also  opened  up.  The  customers  are 
 paying  up,  some  are  paying  1  or  2  EMIs  every  month  and  for  us  now 
 the  school  porƞolio  we  have  started  again  lending  to  the  school 
 segment.  And  Covid  was  an  extraordinary  period  with  schools  in  Tier  2 
 ciƟes  being  closed  for  18  months.  But  the  porƞolio  did  exceedingly 
 good  before  COVID  also,  and  we  are  sƟll  very,  very  bullish  about 
 seeing  aŌer  such  a  huge  bad  phase,  which  we  don't  think  will  come 
 again.  It  has  only  strengthened  the  view  that  the  school  segment  is 
 very  good.  While  we  do  within  the  parameters  which  we  have  laid 
 down.  
 Dhwanil  Desai: 
 OK  and  last  quesƟon,  so  I  think  we  opened  four  new  branches  right? 
 And  last  Ɵme  I  think  you  had  menƟoned  that  1000  crore.  We  know  we 
 don't  need  any  new  branches  or  anything,  so  is  this  because  we  are 
 trying  to  feed  a  market  to  go  beyond  thousand  crore?  That  is  thinking 
 behind opening these new branches? 
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 I  would  not  take  that  that  we  never  work  with  that,  that  we  have  to 
 change  this  thing  at  any  cost.  We  always  see  the  raƟonality  and  the 
 conﬁdence  that  that  segment  and  the  parƟcular  area  gives  us.  So 
 Rajasthan  has  been  doing  reasonably  good  and  Amit  also  has.  Amit 
 who  is  our  COO  on  the  SME.  So  Amit  who  is  running  some  our  whole 
 branch. So Amit you can explain more. 
 Amit  Ranjan: 
 See  the  idea  of  opening  up  these  four  branches  was  to,  when  we  saw 
 the  potenƟal  in  the  Rajasthan  area  and  it  has  been  performing  well 
 Page  10  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 over  the  years.  Like  in  my  earlier  career  also  and  in  the  recent  book 
 side  also.  So  we  don't  believe  in  like  we  had  said  that  we  will  not  be 
 opening  the  branch.  If  we  see  the  potenƟal,  we'll  open  make  the 
 inroads  ﬁrst  with  one  or  two  RMs,  and  once  we  see  the  business  is 
 coming  up,  we  try  to  set  up  the  infrastructure.  When  we  touch  the 
 crore  of  the  book.  So  it's  like  that,  so  we  don't  want  to  leave  the 
 market  which  is  running  to  our  branches.  Also,  the  idea  is  not  only  to 
 penetrate  the  market  but  also  to  stabilize  the  state  in  terms  of  we 
 don't  want  to  lose  on  the  opportunity.  So  that's  the  idea  and  it  is  also 
 for the building of a future retail book in that parƟcular area. 
 Moderator:  
 Thank  you.  The  next  quesƟon  is  from  the  line  of  Dhiraj  Sachdev  from 
 Roha Asset Management. Please go ahead.  
 Dhiraj  Sachdev: 
 I  just  wanted  to  know  the  aspiraƟon  that  you  menƟoned  about  1000 
 crores.  By  what  Ɵme  do  you  want  to  achieve  the  disbursement 
 target?  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 We  have  always  refrained  from  giving  any  number  or  guidance.  As  a 
 company  when  we  see  the  potenƟal,  we  will  deﬁnitely  like  to  grow 
 ourselves,  and  so  now  our  conﬁdence  aŌer  COVID  and  all  those 
 changes  which  we  have  done  on  the  retail  side  and  is  much  more.  And 
 we've  added  a  lot  of  new  lenders  with  us  and  going  forward,  we're 
 able  to  respond  at  the  costs  and  which  we  have  thought.  Deﬁnitely  we 
 will  be  able  to  do  numbers,  but  I  don't  want  to  give  ﬁgures  because 
 that  has  been  our  policy  because  deﬁnitely  the  last  year  has  been 
 good and we see that it should remain gold like 6 to 9 months.  
 Dhiraj  Sachdev: 
 No,  that  number  has  already  been  given  in  your  presentaƟon,  so  I'm 
 not  asking  for  that.  You've  already  claimed  and  given  that  number,  I'm 
 saying  that  if  the  disbursement  growth  is  about  20%-25%,  will  you  be 
 achieving the target in less than three years claim?  
 Page  11  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 Rohit Gupta: 
 I think we are not given any year or  by which year we will do it.  
 Dhiraj  Sachdev: 
 On  a  1000  crores  exploraƟon,  so  I'm  just  extending  my  discussion  on 
 the 1000 crores exploraƟons.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 It's  a  ﬁrst  target  to  do  1000  crore  and  as  a  company  we  want  to  do  it 
 as  early  as  possible,  but  we  are  always  see  the  dynamics  which  are 
 being  played  in  the  market  both  in  the  segments  and  the  market  gives 
 the  conﬁdence  that  deﬁnitely  you  will  not  see  the  company  that  we 
 are lagging from there.  
 Dhiraj  Sachdev: 
 Yeah,  but  I  think  you  can  always  sƟck  your  neck  out.  That  probably  you 
 will  grow  at  20%-25%  in  terms  of  disbursement.  Because  I  think  the 
 book  size  is  small,  we  are  under  leveraged.  We  have  obtained  some 
 criƟcal size right now and the market segment is also recovering.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 There's  one  thing  in  there  now,  then  interest  rate  rising  in  the  scenario 
 we’ve  always  refrained  from  borrowing.  We're  just  to  increase  the 
 book.  We  want  to  increase  with  proﬁtable  growth  and  at  reasonable 
 leverage.  Yeah,  so  I  just  don't  want  to  add  by  borrowing  between  12% 
 to  14%  and  If  I  want  to  Follow  that  route,  then  see  that’s  much  easier. 
 So,  we  sƟll  believe  that  we  should  sƟck  to  the  (in  audible).  We  have 
 been  able  to  add  borrowers  and  now  we  are  very  much  proacƟve 
 around  building  our  liability  and  then  hopefully  our  raƟng  is  also 
 under  review  will  be  reviewed  in  the  next  two  to  three  months  and  we 
 will  be  able  to  do  it  now.  The  team,  the  infra,  the  products  the 
 processes  are  in  place  as  compared  to  what  we  were  in  the  last  12-15 
 months  back.  So  both  on  both  the  front  and  the  wholesale.  We  have 
 now  going  beyond  our  NCR  region  also  so  the  numbers  are  where 
 provided then we are able to raise funds there we want to do that.  
 Dhiraj  Sachdev: 
 OK,  so  the  incremental  cost  of  funds  is  12%-14%?  Since  you 
 menƟoned that now or internal process sƟll limited.  
 Page  12  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 I  would  say  if  we  start  approaching  NBFCs  or,  our  focus  is  always  to  go 
 for  PSUs  and  the  private  sector  banks  where  we  can  target  the  low 
 cost  funds  and  at  the  same  Ɵme  they  start  with  a  small  amount  and 
 those  are  bigger  banks  and  insƟtuƟons  where  going  forward  once  you 
 build the relaƟonship. Then leveraging that is much easier.  
 Dhiraj  Sachdev: 
 Just  wanted  to  know  what  the  incremental  cost  of  one  right  now  is  for 
 us.  
 Rohit Gupta: 
 Right now we are raising between 9.5-10.25%  
 Dhiraj  Sachdev: 
 And  we  are  conﬁdent  that  we  should  be  able  to  be  within  this  band, 
 even if it is 10.25% at the upper end.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 But  if  the  repo  rate  increases  then  deﬁnitely  it  will  change  that  metric. 
 So  things  remaining  constant?  Yeah,  then  we  will  strive  within  that 
 bracket only.  
 Dhiraj  Sachdev: 
 But  it'll  sƟll  make  sense,  right?  Because  our  spreads  are  6%-9%  higher 
 than the cost of funds.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 No,  I'm  not  saying  that  it  doesn't  make  any  sense,  but  someƟmes  if 
 you  add  a  small  lender  at  higher  then  everybody  starts  giving  you  that 
 example you have raised at 12%-13%. Why not here?  
 Moderator: 
 Thank  you,  the  next  quesƟon  is  from  the  line  of  Dharmesh  Patel,  an 
 individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 Dharmesh  Patel: 
 Sir,  I  just  wanted  to  understand  some  of  the  risks  associated  with  our 
 wholesale  segment.  So  just  in  case  if  there  is  a,  we  had  this  direcƟon 
 of  Supreme  Court,  about  demoliƟon  of  a  twin  tower  in  Delhi  or  NCR, 
 Sir,  what  will  we  do  if  we  face  such  situaƟons?  Because  ulƟmately,  it 
 was the bank and customers who took the hit.  
 Page  13  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 So  I  was  just  thinking  and  then  we'll  explain  more  in  detail.  I  would 
 just  like  to  add,  those  are  one  of  a  kind  of  a  thing,  and  now  aŌer 
 coming  of  RERA,  most  of  the  authoriƟes  are  gone  online.  They've  also 
 been  more  transparent  in  the  last  2-3  years.  Processes  are  more,  more 
 transparent.  DTCP  Haryana  the  UPA  government.  Ghaziabad 
 development  authority.  Now  every  ﬁling  is  online.  Most  of  their 
 things,  so  they  have  become  much  more  transparent.  So  we  have 
 evolved  from  a  very  boom  phase  of  2003  to  2011-12  or  lean  phase  of 
 2012-13  to  2022.  And  where  everybody  has  involved  builder  also 
 where  when  they  thought  that  they  have  a  strong  arrangement  with 
 their  local  bodies  and  with  the  poliƟcal  parƟes,  now  everybody  has 
 realized.  Lenders  have  also  seen.  And  the  builders  and  every  customer. 
 So  I  don't  think  so.  Anybody  would  dare  to  do  those  kind  of  things. 
 And  as  a  company  we  are  very,  very  parƟcular,  whether  the  builder  is 
 working  as  per  the  sancƟon  layout  plan.  We  were  originally  there.  He's 
 not  doing  things  which  are  beyond  the  rule  book.  So  that  is  we  are 
 very,  very  cauƟous  and  very,  very  clear.  Even  if  we  don't  have  the 
 business.  But,  we  don't  take  those  daily  at  all.  So  it  depends  that  is 
 where  I  would  say.  Because  the  real  shiŌ  is  very,  very  local  regional  I 
 would  say,  and  one  has  to  have  a  very  strong  understanding  of  the 
 local  state  bodies’  laws.  What  is  happening  in  their  bodies  and  that  is 
 where  I  would  say  a  liƩle  knowledge  is  mixing  edge  and  there  will  be 
 the  company's.  We're  someƟmes  the  senior  team  siƫng  in  a 
 parƟcular  head  oﬃce,  and  someƟmes  they  are  not  able  to  fully 
 custom  what  is  happening  and  what  is  your  risk  appeƟte.  And  we  are 
 very  clear  we  have  to  only  go  with  the  customers,  the  borrower. 
 Please  follow  the  rule  book.  And  we,  as  a  company  it  is  we  have  to 
 have  fully  aware  we  should.  Our  knowledge  should  be  there  so  that 
 we are able to understand that. Chandan you want to add something. 
 Page  14  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 Chandan  Kumar: 
 One  more  point.  The  thing  is  that  we  as  a  company  I  had  made  a 
 policy  that  we  don't  believe  on  that  too  much  of  excepƟons.  Whatever 
 their  stances  which  you  are  menƟoning  about  that,  the  risk  associated 
 in  the  real  estate  market  itself  that  is  due  to  the  excepƟons  taken  by 
 the  lenders  or  the  borrowers  who  are  the  borrowers  that  is  not  the 
 market  policies  or  the  local  policies?  So  CSL  as  a  company  we  never 
 took  that  kind  of  excepƟons  into  our  policies,  or  we  don't  take  those 
 kind  of  devices.  So  Ɵll  now  we  are  very  much  prudent  on  that  part  and 
 like  too  much  away  from  these  kind  of  risks  that  is  revealing  into  these 
 kind of real estate market. 
 Rohit Gupta: 
 So there can be any deals. 
 Chandan  Kumar: 
 Yes,  perhaps  this  build  their  end  consumer  demand.  There  is  no  sales 
 for 12 months to 24 months. 
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 Things  can  be  liƩle  diﬃcult.  All  of  us  are  done  any  change  which  never 
 nobody  thought  like  out  of  the  blue  kind  of  Covid  situaƟon.  But  we  are 
 very,  very  prudent  and  we  always  think  that  even  if  there's  some 
 problem  in  a  project,  we  have  something  to  fall  back  on.  Because  we 
 are  there  in  the  last  12-13  years  and  we  work  with  small  bits.  I  said 
 well  ﬁrst  only  so.  For  it  is  how  you're  able  to  hedge  your  risk  and  take 
 those  accounts  into  your  porƞolio  so  that  is  where  I  would  say  a  liƩle 
 experƟse is required.  
 Dharmesh  Patel: 
 There  was  a  second  quesƟon  for  me.  Uh,  so  there's,  uh,  always  risk  of 
 earthquake  or  natural  calamity  in  Delhi  or  NCR  region.  I  think  I  saw  in 
 BBC  today  itself  that  there  were  tremors  in  Delhi  or  NCR  region  since 
 major  part  of  our  wholesale  lending  is  concentrated  in  this  region. 
 How do we cope up with it if we face such as such a situaƟon?  
 Page  15  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 I  think  you  are  liƩle  very  fearful  and  taking  all  those  things.  Most  of  all 
 projects  are  fully  insured.  First  thing  from  working  for  long  though  and 
 the cost.  
 Dharmesh  Patel: 
 I  agree,  Sir,  they  may  be  insured,  but  just  in  case  if  there  is  an  event, 
 all  the  things  will  come  to  a  halt  or  all  of  a  sudden  someƟme.  As  Delhi 
 itself is an earthquake prone region.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 See  all  those  buildings  are  built  as  per  the  building  guidelines  I  think 
 8.5  to  9  Richter  Scale  buildings  are  capable  of  handling  that  kind  of  the 
 scenario,  so  all  those  guidelines  are  there  and  those  guidelines  are 
 very,  very  strict.  But  if  something  out  of  Black  Swan  happens.  So, 
 nobody has any control.  
 Dharmesh  Patel: 
 Thank  you.  And  then  so  one  more  quesƟon  I  wanted  to  ask.  So  I  think 
 in  part  in  the  past  we  had  talked  about  this  the  same  model  of  Delhi 
 NCR.  We'll  be  trying  to  replicate  in  areas  like  Chandigarh.  If  I'm  not 
 wrong.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 We  had  already  started  exploring.  We  have  already  looked  up  a  team 
 there  they  are  doing  Reiki  meeƟng  possible  borrowers  and  we  are 
 understanding  the  market  doing  meeƟngs  and  we  have  done  1 
 projecƟon  and  slowly  and  surely  will  move  out  because  to  understand 
 the  market  meet  those  potenƟal  borrowers.  Understand  that  it  takes 
 Ɵme. And we don't want to rush it.  
 Dharmesh  Patel: 
 How  long  will  we  be  able  to  go  over  there?  And  how  long  will  it  take  to 
 normalize  transacƟons  in  Chandigarh  like  Delhi  NCR  one  year,  two 
 year or something.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 We've  already  passed  our  iniƟal  period,  and  deﬁnitely  I  think  it  should 
 start materializing in this ﬁnancial year itself. 
 Page  16  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 Moderator:  
 Thank  you,  the  next  quesƟon  is  from  the  line  of  Viraj  Mehta,  please  go 
 ahead with your quesƟon.  
 Viraj  Mehta: 
 When  you  open  a  new  branch,  I  mean,  how  much  expenses  do  you 
 think  we  are  incurred  and  what's  the  breakeven?  I  mean,  I  know 
 you've  menƟoned  that  20  crore  is  a  good  number  for  a  branch.  Is  that 
 number sƟll correct?  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 Yeah,  I  would  say  the  branch  becomes  decently  proﬁtable  aŌer  10 
 crore  kind  of  porƞolio  at  20  crores  if  the  quality  is  good,  the  branch  is 
 doing reasonably very good.  
 Viraj  Mehta: 
 Right  and  just  a  small  thing.  I  want  to  understand  there  is  a  disconnect 
 in  the  update.  You  say  add  put  on  BSE  and  the  presentaƟon.  In  BSE 
 update  you  had  put  the  loan  book  was  590  and  in  the  presentaƟon  it 
 is 602, so that's that was the only disconnect?  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 The  Balance  sheet  ﬁgure  you  are  taking  580  say  it  is  net  out  ECL  we 
 say  it’s  a  ECL  provision  of  escrows,  and  then  we  have  a  Indian 
 provisions  where  they  were  there  are  no  more  to  it  is  PF,  and  all  those 
 are  not  taken  into  account,  but  the  our  actual  book  grass  book  is  608 
 where  it  is  602  and  we  have  an  iniƟal  provisioning  of  8  cores  and  we 
 have a India adjustment of 6 crores.  
 Moderator: 
 Thank  you.  The  next  quesƟon  is  from  the  line  of  Nikhil  from  SIMPL. 
 Please go ahead.  
 Nikhil: 
 On  the  SME  side,  Sir,  just  wanted  to  understand  the  disbursements 
 generally.  What  is  the  nature  of  the  end  use  of  these  disbursement?  Is 
 it like purely working capital or is it like more expansion oriented, the.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 Ripon  it  will  add,  and  I  will  just  put  one  line  before  he  will  explain  in. 
 We  give  it  for  business  purposes  and  if  anybody  says  that  we  can 
 Page  17  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 control  the  end,  you  yeah,  deﬁnitely  20%-30%  someƟmes  go  for 
 repayment  of  some  small  loan  or  maybe  renovaƟon  or  puƫng  up  for 
 some  addiƟonal  expansion  in  this  house.  But  mainly  I  eﬀort  and  we 
 give  it  to  a  person  who.  But  please  put  6%0  to  70%  for  his  business 
 expansion.  Yeah,  maybe  it's  maybe  a  small  Capex  if  it's  a 
 manufacturer,  small  machinery  or  maybe  renovaƟng  it  shop  or  puƫng 
 up some addiƟonal stock into business. So yes Amit.  
 Amit  Ranjan: 
 So  it  is  rightly  given  by  itself  that  it  is  basically  for  a  business 
 expansion  or  working  capital  which  is  required  for  the  customers  to 
 mulƟply  their  businesses.  So  like  in  SME  we  also  see  the  underwriƟng 
 threads  there.  What  kind  of  business  they  are  into,  what  they  have 
 done  in  the  past  three  to  four  years,  whether  they  have  mulƟplied  the 
 business  or  not  and  they  intend  to.  Take  the  funds  and  to  increase  the 
 business  so  parƟcularly  the  main  focus  of  any  under  writer,  any  credit 
 or  any  company  is  to  fund  those  customers  who  are  churning  their 
 cash  sending  their  business  on  a  daily  basis  or  a  monthly  basis  and 
 they  want  to  increase  their  producƟvity  by  taking  working  capital  loan 
 from  NBFC.  So  that  is  the  main  idea  and  also.  We  also  believe  in  that  if 
 somebody  is  running  a  small  loans  and  they  want  to  consolidate  their 
 debt  so  that  is  also  the  idea.  But  yes,  the  prime  focus  is  only  for 
 working capital and doing the expansion. 
 Nikhil: 
 OK,  just  one  conƟnuaƟon,  now  you  say  generally  like  60%  to  70%  of 
 the  loan  is  used  for  the  business  purpose,  which  maybe  like  funding, 
 working  capital  and  all  or  some  of  so  20-32  may  go  for  repaying  of 
 exisƟng  some  other  loan  or  Capex.  This  quesƟon  could  be  naive  but  if 
 the  purpose  of  the  loan  changes  won't  you're  working  of  the  EMI  or 
 you're  working  of  geƫng  the  money  from  that  asset  or  from  that 
 business  change  because  versus  a  working  capital  loan  Where  the  turn 
 would  be  much  faster  in  one  year  versus  the  expansion,  which  can 
 take  like  two  to  three  years  to  fully  consume  it  won't  your  own 
 Page  18  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 working  of  EMI  might  change,  or  how  do  you  build  in  that  change  in 
 your model? Or your EMI version.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 Yeah,  just  one  thing  that  we  share  then  Amit  will  come  and  you  have 
 to  understand  the  kind  of  segment  we  are  targeƟng.  There  are  very, 
 very  small  Kirana  stores.  Very  fair  warning,  there  is  maybe  running 
 speed  shops,  saloon  maybe  small  clinics,  so  these  kind  of  customers 
 we  are  funding.  And  then  so  when  we  ﬁnd  them,  we  see  their  exisƟng 
 infrastructure  and  their  requirements,  and  whether  this  requirement 
 is  generally  for  business  purposes  or  some  other  purposes  and  they 
 are  very  excellent  Samsung,  they  tell  me  one  partly  want  to  use  for 
 higher  studies  of  my  any  son  or  any  child  or  partly.  We'll  go  for 
 business  expansion  so  and  they  want  in  a  single  installment.  In  most 
 of  the  cases  and  20-25  lacs.  So  it  is  there  you  can  monitor  and  they 
 use  that  and  that  is  what  the  trend  is.  And,  so  we  have  to  see  then 
 whether  that  customer  has  grown  and  he  has  built  up  rather  is 
 requirement  what  he's  saying.  Whether  there  is  actual  and  use  of  that 
 and  our  audit  team  also  visited  a  post  disbursement  aŌer  a  few 
 months  to  see  that  where  the  money  has  gone.  So  if  any  NBFC,  any 
 company  says  that  you  have  100%  control  in  the  segment  where  we 
 funding  that  is  not  possible.  Yeah,  deﬁnitely,  because  they  are  also 
 want  to  uƟlize  their  money  there  because  in  the  business  only  we 
 then  they  can  repay  so  but.  We  can  make  a  call  on  the  basis  of  exisƟng 
 business  itself,  even  if  it  doesn't  grow,  so  we  don't  take  into  account 
 the  future  potenƟal  tools  that  will  come  out  with  a  fresh  cash  ﬂow.  So 
 Amit anything you want to add.  
 Amit  Ranjan: 
 Yes,  I  will  do  add  that  in  these  kind  of  customers  they  are  hardly  been 
 under  ﬁnancial  inclusion  and  they  take  small  loans  at  a  very  higher 
 rate  to  bridge  the  gap  for  you  know,  a  requirement  of  the  cash  at  the 
 parƟcular  Ɵme.  So  these  small  loans  are  very  at  high  rate  at  around 
 28%-29%  and  they  are  bearing  the  burden  of  EMI  which  may  be 
 Page  19  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 aﬀecƟng  their  eligibility  as  well  as  now  they  have  graduated  from 
 there  and  they  want  to  consolidate  into  one  EMI  by  taking  it  for 
 around  ﬁve  years,  Four  years  loan  from  us  so.  It  is  always  good  for 
 them  to,  you  know,  pay  one  EMI  at  one  Ɵme  rather  than  paying  a 
 mulƟple  of  EMI  to  diﬀerent,  diﬀerent  bank  or  NBFC?  This  may  hamper 
 their  paying  habit  also.  Plus  they  may  go  for  some  kind  of  bounce  in 
 the  drag  because  they  don't  keep  much  of  cash  in  the  bank.  So  it  is 
 always  to  organize  their  system  and  bring  it  to  a  table  where  they  can 
 pay only one EMI, so that's the idea.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 See  the  link  of  the  loan  or  the  payment  repayment  of  the  loan.  A  large 
 part  would  depend  upon  the  exisƟng  cash  ﬂow  rather  than  the  end 
 use  of  the  loan,  would  it  be  right?  So  when  we  are  making  the 
 assessment  or  the  exisƟng  cash  ﬂow  should  be  suﬃcient  enough?  To 
 do  the  repayment.  It  goes  without  saying  because  unless  unƟl  we  see 
 the  cash  ﬂows  will  not  be  able  to  make  out.  The  eligibility  no  maƩer 
 he  may  be  having  a  very  good  property,  but  the  main  crux  of  this  semi 
 retail  lending  is  based  on  the  cash  ﬂow  analysis  done  by  our  credit 
 team.  So  only  debt  consolidaƟon  happens  only  when  the  cash  ﬂow  is 
 good. OK, 
 Nikhil: 
 And  last  quesƟon,  now  we  are  expanding  so  many  branches  and  we've 
 been  on  expansion  phase.  If  I  have  to  understand  what  would  be  a 
 rejecƟon  rate.  So  if  we  are  geƫng  100  proposals,  how  many  will  be 
 rejecƟng  based  on  our  assessment  and  how  many  we  would  be  a  fun 
 thing in terms of end approval? 
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 So  on  the  base  of  100  we  see  so  100  cases.  We  have  a  sancƟon  of 
 around  45%  and  from  sancƟon  to  disperse  it  goes  for  around  32%  to 
 33%. So the rejecƟon raƟo we can say is up to around 60%.  
 Page  20  of  21 

 CSL Finance Limited 
 Nov 10, 2022 
 Moderator:  
 Thank  you.  Ladies  and  gentlemen,  this  was  the  last  quesƟon  for  today. 
 I  now  had  their  conference  over  to  Rohit  Gupta  for  his  closing 
 comments over to you, Sir.  
 Rohit  Gupta: 
 Thank  you  everyone  for  parƟcipaƟng  in  this  call.  Your  quesƟons  are 
 important  for  us  and  we  strive  to  be  transparent  in  our  investor 
 communicaƟon.  Is  there  any  other  unanswered  quesƟons,  please  get 
 in  touch  with  the  Investor  RelaƟons  team  to  take  it  forward.  Thanks, 
 thanks again. Thanks very much. Thanks Sayam and your team.  
 Moderator:  
 Thank  you  members  of  the  management,  ladies  and  gentlemen  on 
 behalf  of  CSL  Finance  limited.  That  concludes  this  conference  call. 
 Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.  
  
 Page  21  of  21 
