 
 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
To, 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE Symbol: BALAXI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2/H1 – FY 23 Earnings Call held on November 09, 2022 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q2/ H1 – FY 23 Earnings Call held 
on Wednesday, November 09, 2022 at 16.30 hrs (IST). 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript is also available on the website of the Company at the 
following link:  
 
https://balaxipharma.in/assets/images/invoting/Balaxi_Pharmaceuticals_Limited_-
_Q2_FY23_Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Balaxi Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Udayan Shukla 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
Membership No.: F11744 
 
 
Udayan 
Shukla
Digitally signed 
by Udayan 
Shukla 
Date: 
2022.11.15 
15:25:24 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 5 
     
 
 
 
Balaxi Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q2/H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
November 09, 2022 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Ashish Maheswari – Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Amol Mantri – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Pranav Maheshwari, Head – Latin America 
Mr. Sunny Purohit, VP and Chief of Staff (MD’s Office) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                      Balaxi Pharmaceuticals Limited – November 09, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 5 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Balaxi Pharmaceutical Limited Q2 and H1 
FY23 Earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
then 0 on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Maheshwari, Chairman and Managing Director of Bal-
axi Pharmaceuticals. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Ashish Maheshwari:  
Good evening everyone. A very warm, welcome to Balaxi Pharmaceuticals Limited’s earnings 
conference call for the second quarter ended September 30th 2022. Our Investor presentation 
is already uploaded on the stock exchanges and our website for your reference, I'll take you 
through some of the key highlights of our business and the recent performance parameters. 
Subsequently, we look forward to an interactive session with all of you to take the conversation 
forward and give you a deep perspective of our outlook on the business.  
From the standpoint of the frontier markets that we address here at Balaxi Pharmaceuticals 
Ltd, on an aggregate, the collective GDP of these countries in Latin America and Africa, already 
in our visibility is about $400 billion. These countries have been identified basis of the long term 
potential that they hold for growth from the space that we operate in, with aggregate Pharma 
imports of $6 billion annually.  
We currently have our own distribution networks reaching deep into Guatemala, El Salvador, 
Honduras, and Dominican Republic in the Latin American markets. In addition, we've estab-
lished a wide and deep business in Angola over the last several years. These markets have sig-
nificant dependence on generic drug imports, the demand, which is expanding rapidly, and the 
outlook for expansion remains robust. We expect to leverage existing framework to expand 
presence in more countries in these regions, including Nicaragua, Chile, and Ecuador in Latin 
America and Central African Republic in the African continent.  
Historically, we have created an outsourced supply chain mechanism across India, China and 
Portugal. Recently, we announced our intention to, set up an EU-GMP compliant pharmaceu-
tical manufacturing unit located near Hyderabad which is currently under implementation and 
will create a significant measure of supply integration and control, once operationalized. This 
quarter marks the third consecutive quarter post complete consolidation of Angola business. 
Therefore, when it comes to our Q2 FY23 revenue and margin performance year on year num-
bers are not strictly comparable and only sequential comparison would be appropriate. Our 
pharmaceutical revenues are up 50% as we continue to proliferate in the Latin American geog-
raphies, apart from a consolation presence in Angola.  

                                                      Balaxi Pharmaceuticals Limited – November 09, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 5 
Our revenues for this quarter stood at INR 86.40 crore, delivering 23% growth quarter on quar-
ter. This was mainly driven on back of strong volume growth Latin American markets. Within 
the pharmaceutical segment, the previously launched geographies of Dominican Republic and 
Guatemala delivered strong expansion. Meanwhile, we expect Honduras and El Salvador which 
are currently at a nascent stage to witness encouraging scale up in revenues in the coming 
quarters. We expect to see further improvements in all these countries on the back of products 
launched as well as significant pipeline of products that are scheduled to be launched as per 
plan.  
Our Q2 operating EBITDA is INR 14.80 crore has seen a sequential increase of 5.2% despite 
absorbing higher cost structures in several newly launched operations in countries that should 
scale up to potential over the next few years. Meanwhile, EBITDA margins stood at 17.1% in-
creased by 46 basis points compared to the previous quarter.  
Here, it is pertinent to highlight the profitability in markets that are relatively well-established 
remains stable. In addition, our operating margins reflect cost absorption of new geographical 
expansion that would be expected to see higher contribution in future.  
Profit after Tax stood at INR 15.50 crore which is a 28.5% increase from the previous year same 
quarter. Earnings per share for the quarter was at INR 15.49.  
Having said that, we remain positive on our business outlook on the back of 745 product reg-
istrations in six countries as at present and 646 new registrations submitted or in the pipeline 
to be submitted to various departments of health in various countries. During Q2, as discussed 
earlier, we initiated our manufacturing initiative and supporting the project was our successful 
issuance of equity shares and warrants aggregating into INR 49.61 crore on a Preferential Basis. 
Proceeds will be utilized to part finance our planned EU GMP-compliant facility for Oral Solid 
Dosages and Liquid Injectables. We completed land acquisition previously, a leading construc-
tion has been appointed for project execution and the ground breaking ceremony is scheduled 
on December 12th of this year. Commissioning is targeted in March of 2024.  
With this I thank you for your attention and close my opening comment. You will now be happy 
to address your questions on this call and look forward to an interactive session. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you, we will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G Hawa And Co. Please go ahead.  
Faisal Hawa: 
How much of the new machineries and this thing has been ordered out and are our limits also 
in place from the banks? And is there any kind of a cost overrun that we foresee in the near 
future where we may have gone wrong on any kind of costing? And did you said 2024 we will 
be commissioning the unit.  

                                                      Balaxi Pharmaceuticals Limited – November 09, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 5 
Ashish Maheshwari:  
March 2024 will Commission the unit. The groundbreaking is on December 12th of this month. 
Right now, we are working on the detailed designing part of it. And we should be floating the 
tender for the civil works in the next two weeks or so, and we will ensure that on December 
12th we start our actual construction.  
Faisal Hawa: 
What is the peak revenue we can expect from this plant?  
Ashish Maheshwari:  
So what I would like to mention here is that this plant is firstly a backward integration project, 
and secondly this plant will open up new markets for us after we get the EU-GMP approval. 
Let’s say six months after we operationalize this plant, we hope to get the EU-GMP approval, 
and once we get the EUGMP approvals there will be many more markets that should open up 
for us in Southeast Asia, in Central African and in Latin America also. Having said that, I first 
said that it is a backward integration project, so we will see two things by investing in this effect, 
one is our costing are going to go down because right now it's a completely outsourced model, 
so the cost of our product will actually go down. Secondly, we will have much better control 
over the delivery period that we want for our particular products, second and thirdly we will 
be having an edge in the market with the quality of the products being EU-GMP compliant, so 
all the other competitors that we face in this field today in Latin America and Africa also source 
from WHO-GMP plants like ours, they are not sourcing from an EU-GMP plant, so our quality 
will have an edge and qualities plays a major, major role in Latin America. So that is the edge 
we will get immediately in the very first financial year of the plant getting operationalized in 
FY24-25. We'll see profitability going up. We'll see volumes going up, and we'll also be entering 
new markets. And then the direct benefits of revenues getting increased from the plants will 
start from FY25-26. So FY24-25 we will be will be seeing these things where profitability will be 
going up and we'll be quick in the market will be seeing much better quality and we expect to 
have a price commanding of over 3%-4%, we will be able to provide a better price.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant. Please go ahead.  
Yogesh Tiwari: 
I had a query on the cost front. So how do you see the trajectory of solvent prices and the 
different APIs? Since the base prices have started declining so has that passed on to solvent 
prices and APIs and others in Q3 as well?  
Ashish Maheshwari:  
API was in a rising trajectory for the past one year so, but from the in last 2-3 months we have 
seen prices softening both in APIs and in packing materials. Going forward, we think the up-
ward trajectory has now plateaued out and prices will go down a bit, but they will definitely 
not go up from here now, because there was a major increase in raw material price.  
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And in terms of the solvent prices, which is linked to crude, that has declined significantly? 
Ashish Maheshwari:  
No, I am not in a position to tell you about solvent prices, right now I am only following API 
prices.  

                                                      Balaxi Pharmaceuticals Limited – November 09, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Sure, Sir. Lastly, since most of the raw materials we import from China as well, with the current 
lockdown, which has been going on, is there any supply disruption in terms of raw materials 
for us or for the industries as a whole?  
Ashish Maheshwari:  
No, we have not seen any supply disturbance, in spite of, what we read in the media of the 
continuous lockdowns We are not seeing any supply disruptions in the pharmaceutical sectors.  
Yogesh Tiwari: 
OK. I understand that most of that would come through the sea route, so none of the ports of 
China is like under lockdown. That's what I mean.  
Ashish Maheshwari:  
It’s not that all the ports are under lockdown, they are working a little slowly, so the transit 
time has gone up a bit, but as it stands the market is not seeing any disruptions is what I can 
tell you. Raw materials are coming into India. Our finished formulations are being shipped from 
China on time. We are not seeing supply chain delays. What we saw one year back or probably 
two years back, we're not seeing that now, things have stabilized. Ocean freights have stabi-
lized. Ocean freight had gone up by 400% one and half years back, which has now come back 
to normal levels of we're just being a 50% more of what we used to pay earlier. So things are 
stabilizing, in spite of, what we're reading in the media, we are not seeing any major supply 
chain disruptions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, we have reached the end of question and answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Maheshwari for closing com-
ments.  
Ashish Maheshwari: 
Thank you Mr. Faisal and thank you Yogesh for attending the conference and I would like to 
thank all those attendees were attending on this call. I look forward to my interaction on the 
next earnings call. Thank you very much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you on behalf of Balaxi Pharmaceuticals Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Note: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
