 
 
Date: 14th November, 2022 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532548 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Name- Centuryply 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call for Unaudited Financial Results for the Quarter and half year 
ended 30th September, 2022 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we forward herewith the transcript of the conference call with Investors and 
analysts held on Friday, 11th November, 2022 for Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year 
ended 30th September, 2022. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Century Plyboards (India) Ltd. 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
Sundeep 
Jhunjhunwala
Digitally signed by 
Sundeep Jhunjhunwala 
Date: 2022.11.15 13:36:22 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Century Plyboards Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
     
                         
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KESHAV BHAJANKA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
OF CENTURY PLYBOARD 
MS. NIKITA BANSAL - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. ARUN JULASARIA – CFO 
MR. NEHAL SHAH - CSO. 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. AASIM BHARDE - DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY'23 
Earnings Conference Call of Century Ply hosted by DAM Capital 
Advisors Limited. Before the call, I would like to give a disclaimer that 
this call is just to discuss the company's historical numbers and 
future perspectives and in no way this should be constitute as an 
invitation to invest in the shares of the company. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aasim Bharde from DAM 
Capital Advisors Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Aasim Bharde: 
Thanks, Vivian, and good evening, everyone. On behalf of DAM 
Capital Advisors, I welcome you all to Century Plyboards Q2 FY'23 
earnings call. We have the senior management from the company 
with us on the line. I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Keshav 
Bhajanka, Executive Director. Thank you, and over to you, Keshav. 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Thank you, everyone, for taking your valuable time out for attending 
the Q2 FY'23 Century Plyboards Investor Conference Call. I am 
Keshav Bhajanka, Executive Director of Century Plyboard. I have 
alongside me, Ms. Nikita Bansal, Executive Director; Mr. Arun 
Julasaria, CFO; and Mr. Nehal Shah, CSO. I presume that every one 
of you would have gone through our numbers in detail. Let me still 
brief you on the key highlights of Q2.  
 
At the onset, it gives me immense pleasure to share that we have 
done very strong cash flow generation of INR223 crore for the first 
half of the fiscal, despite huge inflationary pressure that the industry 
has seen in the recent past. After delivering record sales in Q2, Q3 
and Q4 of last year, we have achieved another record sales of over 
INR900 crore revenue in the second quarter. Our plywood and 
laminate segment revenue recorded 9% and 8% growth Y-o-Y, while 
MDF and particle board segment revenue grew 23% and 24% Y-o-Y 
for the quarter. With the sustained input cost pressure in most of the 
wood panel segment, our overall gross margins were impacted by 90 
basis points on a sequential basis to 33.15%.  
 
The company, however, was able to improve its overall adjusted 
EBITDA margin marginally by 20 basis points to 17.3% on a 
sequential basis. While our plywood and laminate EBITDA margins 
improved, we saw a considerable drop in EBITDA margin on a 
sequential basis in our MDF and particle board segment. This has 
been driven by steadily rising timber and select chemical prices and 
operating deleverage. The reported margins in these segments were, 
however, are still higher than our guided EBITDA margins of 25% 
from both the success. It may be noted that the input cost inflation 
has softened a bit post Q2, while core revenue prices have come off 
slightly over the past few days, chemical prices, particularly phenol, 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
melamine have softened a bit in Q2 and are likely to further soften in 
the next couple of months. 
 
For MDF, in particular, the timber prices, however, continue to remain 
slightly elevated. We have taken no price increases in any of our 
segments over the course of this quarter. Our India brownfield 
expansion at Hoshiarpur is as per schedule and is expected to come 
on stream by November 2022. Our South MDF CapEx has received 
all requisite of approvals and the machinery has been ordered. We 
expect the facility to come on stream in H2 FY'24.  
 
Our greenfield laminate manufacturing unit in AP will come up in 2 
phases. The first phase is expected to become operational in Q2 
FY'24. Our greenfield particle board project in Chennai, the Board 
has approved investing in a large particle board project with a 
capacity of 1,200 cubic meters with an investment outlay of INR550 
crore. We expect the plan to commission in Q4 FY'25. Our working 
capital stands reduced by 3 more days to 55 days in Q2. We remain 
a net cash positive company with net cash position of INR176 crore 
as of 30th of September.  
 
Our Q2 ROCE stood at 22.22%, but adjusted for one-offs, the 
impairment loss in Myanmar and the entry tax reversal, the ROCE for 
the quarter stand at 29% plus. We have taken an impairment on our 
investments in Myanmar subsidiary to the extent of INR47 crore in 
Q2. This would reduce losses to the extent of INR5 crore to INR 6 
crore per annum on the consolidated books year-on-year as it has 
become nearly impossible to conduct business in Myanmar due to 
the change in regime. 
 
We have written back our earlier provided entry tax was INR14.25 
crore relating to prior year after favorable verdict. Despite the 
challenging business environment, we continue to maintain our FY'23 
revenue growth guidance of 20% plus for the company. The 
segment-wise growth rising is plywood 15% volume and 20% value 
growth, laminate 15% volume and value growth, MDF 20% volume 
and value growth, particle board 10% volume and 20% value growth. 
We also maintained our margin guidance for our business segments, 
plywood 13% to 15%, laminate 14% to 16%; and MDF and particle 
board 25%. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred 
Capital. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Keshav, 3 questions. Firstly, companies getting into a very high 
CapEx mode. It's obviously positive as you see sustained demand 
and opportunities there, but the execution risks are increasing in 
terms of land acquisition delay cost, overrun, labor requirement, 
deployment, stuff like that. Any thoughts in terms of how do you 
basically manage this risk going into next 3 years because we're 
going to be into high CapEx mode for almost 2 years from now. 
That's my first question. 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
So you are absolutely right. We are going to a high CapEx mode. 
And you see we are taking a number of initiatives, for instance, the 
particle board plant that you have just heard. We already have 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
acquired the land. We've got the land from SIPCOT in Tamil Nadu. 
And that is a big release because, as you know, acquisitional land 
becomes a substantial challenge. As for delays and cost overruns, 
you're completely, there is a cost overrun environment today 
because of the high steel prices and high prices so on and so forth. 
But I think we able to provision for that to whatever extent possible, 
the ROCs on the unit even considering the higher CapEx costs are 
still fairly healthy. And one way that we are managing to this is by 
creating a very strong execution fee. I think this has helped us in the 
past and even today, it is helping us in set up the most economical 
and viable unit possible. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So in terms of manpower deployment, both at senior leadership plus 
middle management because you have so many plants coming up, 
how's that really going on right now?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
That is actually our first and top most priority, and we have expanded 
the team substantially over the course of the past few months. This 
was the first thought that came into our mind as to who is going to 
execute. But thankfully, we've been able to onboard senior 
management and very, very good resources. I would say. This has 
given us a lot of confidence that we'll be able to deliver on our CapX 
projects on time. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got that. Secondly, you mentioned, MDF particle board margin is 
25% plus. That is for the current year. But if you could just share 
what is really happening from an industry perspective, going into next 
12 months? And what do you think about margins going into '24 and 
fiscal '25, like sustainable, I know the range is 2025, but if you could 
give any indication please? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
You see, the reason we say 25%, even though the previous quarter 
may have been 30% plus something that quarter, because there will 
be ups and downs. Right now there is pressure because import 
prices have come down due to shipping rates reducing. But despite 
that, we are being able to maintain decent margins. Going forward, 
again, there is going to be a scenario in the industry, say 12 or 18 
months down the line, where there's going to be a overcapacity and 
at that point in time, margins might get squeezed temporarily. But 
going forward long term, I think sustainable margins for us would be 
25% or there about, because I believe that with our brand, with our 
supply chain excellence, we'll be able to generate substantially 
higher margins compared to the rest of the industry. And I think 20% 
is somewhat of a requirement if you want to set up a very high CapEx 
plant in either of these two products.  
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So 25% is applicable both to MDF and particle board going into like 
long term, right, sustainable? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Yes, there could be phases where margins are slightly lower and 
there will be phases where margins are definitely higher, but long 
term sustainable margins or are looking at 25%. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
I understand that. And lastly if I may, just on the overall EBITDA 
margins, obviously there are a lot of moving parts now, given your 
new capacities largely coming up in fiscal '24, and lot of that are also 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
value added. Next 3 years, I would imagine purely because assuming 
that MDF particle would also normalize between this 25% band, the 
company should make about 15 to 16% at a company level. Is that 
fair to assume? I know there is no perfect answer to this, but just as a 
range next 3 years is that okay? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
Very good question was making me think. But see, we have all these 
cases that our objective is that we will attempt for 13% to 15% in the 
ply, 14 to 16% in laminates, and will attempt for 25% in both MDF 
and particle board. That is continuing our endeavor. That is what we 
are targeting. If we achieve all of these, then definitely we should 
have 16%, 17% margin for the company.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam 
from Axis Capital. Kindly proceed. 
 
Venkatesh Balasubramaniam: One simple bookkeeping question. The Myanmar subsidiary write-off 
of INR47 crore that is very clear in the standalone numbers, right? It's 
put out an exceptional or an extraordinary item. Now where is the 
adjustment in the consolidated numbers for this onetime write-off? 
Actually, first of all, is the write-off for INR47 crore in the consolidated 
numbers, or it is INR29.8 crore if you could clarify? And where is this 
actually being booked in the consolidated numbers?  
 
Arun Julasaria:  
No, in case of consolidation of accounts, we have two aid line by line 
items. In case of consolidation, our investment value is adjusted with 
the loss shown in that subsidiary. So it'll not appear as write-off or 
impairment account in consolidation because loss has already been 
factored in line by line consolidation.  
 
Venkatesh Balasubramaniam: So line by line consolidation, so you're basically, this is all items. 
 
Arun Julasaria: 
 Because the networth of that company is now reduced to INR12 
crore only. So INR47 crore plus INR12 crore, INR59 crore was the 
total capital invested. So in line by line consolidation, I have taken 
care of that INR47 crore loss.  
 
Venkatesh Balasubramaniam: So there is INR47 crore of loss across various line items, right, from 
raw material costs, employee costs, other expenses? 
 
Arun Julasaria: 
Yes. That is line by line consolidation. So there they'll not appear as 
impairment loss.  
 
Venkatesh Balasubramaniam: Understood. Now is it possible for you to repeat your FY'23 guidance 
in terms of value, volume and margins for each of those segments? 
And also request you to repeat it a little slowly so that we can take it 
down.  
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
The guidance is 15% volume and 20% value growth for plywood. 
15% volume and value growth for laminates, 20% volume and value 
growth for MDF, 10% volume and 20% value growth for particle 
board.  
 
Venkatesh Balasubramaniam: What about margins? 
 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
For margin guidance for plywood, we will attempt for EBITDA margin 
13% to 15%, for laminate between 14% and 16%. And MDF and 
particle board 25% plus.  
 
Venkatesh Balasubramaniam: Okay. Now I guess for the first time I heard a 20% number for MDF, I 
guess till the last number, last quarter, what was being 
communicated was you will definitely do 25% or more longer term. 
That is a sustainable margin. But I don't know in the previous 
participants question it said that, short term it could go to 20% to 
25%. Have you communicated anything like that?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
No, I don't think we have communicated anything like that. I was 
talking about 20% volume and value growth in terms of margins, 
guidance still is 25%. So you believe even if there is over capacity in 
let's say FY'24, you can still do 25%? 
 
Arun Julasaria:  
In the short term, there could be an impact, but we did not anticipate 
doing 35% in Q1 either. So long term guidance is 25%. 
 
Venkatesh Balasubramaniam: Okay. See this is the reason I'm again belaboring on this point is, this 
is a question which keeps coming up when we discuss Century 
Plyboards with the buy side is where do you get this confidence that 
it'll not go below 25% because imports have already reached the 
ports and in port cities, MDF prices for imports are around 8% to 10% 
below the prices of that of the domestic market. So why 25%? What 
is so sacrosanct about 25%? Why can't it go to 20% or 18% if there 
is an oversupply is something which we are and we don't know really 
know how to answer it. So if you could throw some light on it, it would 
be very helpful? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
Definitely. So you see today our capacity right now is based in the 
north. Our capacity in the south is going to come onboard only end of 
next year. In the north the freight cost gives us a major advantage 
because from the south to the north transporting from a port location 
to say Delhi is not a very cheap affair, and in the case of MDF, you 
know, that is not a very high cost per kg. The transportation and trade 
cost there is a large growth. So that is one.  
 
Secondly, the capacity that we are commissioning right now in the 
north is being commissioned, taking into account a lot of synergies 
that we will get from our existing unit. A lot of synergy use in sales 
and marketing, and we will benefit from operating levels. And you've 
seen in the past when operating leverages come into place margins 
have tended to rise. So this is for the north. As far as south is 
concerned, we are setting up our capacity in the hub of timber. We 
are setting up in a market where the timber price today is INR3.15 as 
compared to INR5.5 to INR6 in the north. This going to be a 
substantial benefit that we have and with this we believe that we'll be 
able to do good EBITDA margins in the south itself. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Kindly proceed. 
 
Achal Lohade: 
My first question was, if you could just clarify on this MDF margin Q-
o-Q they are down almost 10 percentage points. I see the 
realizations are fairly same. If you can give a clarity as to what is 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
driven this margin impact in terms of each of the items in terms of 
raw material or chemicals cetera? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
So that two factors are come into play for MDF. First, gross margins 
are down because of raw cost pressure; and secondly, we have had 
operating deleverage in this quarter because it'll break down in the 
plant. It was a scheduled maintenance that took longer than expected 
and it was a breakdown, but in the current quarter, we’re expecting 
both the benefit of operating leverage as well as a slight easing out of 
raw material prices, and I think that our EBITDA margin should 
improve from this quarter onwards. 
 
Achal Lohade:   
But if I see your 25% margin guidance, actually it appears that it'll be 
less than that in the second half. How do we explain that then?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
So we have given 25% guidance even prior to the beginning of the 
year. So we did 35% in Q1 with 25% guidance. 25% is the long term 
margin guidance. The reason what we comment on short term is 
because there are lot of fluctuations that can take place as you have 
already observed. 
 
Arun Julasaria: 
And Achal, even if you look at the current Q2 margins in MDF, if you 
adjust for ForEx loss, which is around INR2.45 crore, which is 
relating to CapEx for bias credit with respect to MDF, your margins 
adjusted for it, comes to around 26.7%. So that is one. And secondly, 
on the operating leverage site, our capacity utilization was 80% for 
Q2 compared to 89% in the first quarter. So these two things will help 
us at least maintain our 25% plus margins. That is what we are 
seeing. 
 
Achal Lohade:  
Understood. Can you help us understand, how are the current prices 
of MDF in south and what is the import parity price? And also in 
terms of import quantum, if you can give some clarity as to how the 
imports have been in terms of quantity in last 2,3 months? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
So imports have increased. The reason behind that is lower cost of 
rate. Exact numbers, Nehal can get back to you. I don't have the 
exact numbers on me right now, but definitely there has been 
increased in imports due to lower shipping in freight costs. This has 
affected South India to a certain extent, but as of now, it does not put 
meaningful pressure on the domestic market. 
 
Achal Lohade:  
Understood. And in terms of the particle board, can you help us 
understand, what is the market size? How much is organized, how 
much is imports? What is import parity there? I know you have given 
a bottom line in terms of the margin expectation, but if you can give 
some color on the industry dynamics as well? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Definitely. You see in particle board, the total capacity would be 1.5 
billion cubic meters plus. Most of the market is unorganized. There 
are virtually no organized and perhaps an associated decor. Most of 
the lines that are operating today are multi delight lines. So even our 
line is a multi-delight line. Now, there are a number of disadvantages 
that a multi-delight have. For instance, firstly, we have higher blue 
consumption. We have a higher density than what we could operate 
at multi-delight, and we have higher standing loss. So taking all of 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
these into account, there are numerous advantages will bring to the 
table. Hence, the vision to go for a 1,200 cubic meter continuous 
press line, particle board is a far lower price product compared to 
even MDF. So freight becomes a major issue.  
 
South India is the largest hub because South India has the largest 
OEMs in the country and these OEMs have accepted particle board. 
If you look at the acceptance of MDF is higher in the north, whereas 
the acceptance of particle board is higher in South India. So as such, 
we believe that the market is going to do very well long term. We 
have over 2.5 years that we will set up a new capacity and I think by 
the time that the capacity operates, considering all the advantages 
that we'll be having, it is going to be a highly look to product for.  
 
Achal Lohade:  
If I recall earlier you were talking about flexi capacity in terms of MDF 
and particle board. So this particle board capacity there is no such 
flexibility. Is that understanding, right? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Yes, absolutely correct. This is a pure particle board capacity. One 
point that I forgot to mention, sorry, was that now in this capacity, 
because today we are limited by virtue being a multi-delight, we can 
only manufacture either 9x6 or 8x6 sizes. And that too, we can only 
manufacture 9 mm and above. Once we have a contiguous press, we 
will have a much wider range. So that is going to be another major 
advantage going forward.  
 
Achal Lohade:  
Understood. And in terms of the cost, the A&P spent in this quarter 
and the BCG cost, if any? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
Yes, we have BCG costs. So BCG has started working, they were 
working on laminate as well, and they started working on particle 
board. In particle board they have already identified substantial 
savings. This could lead to 2%, 2.5% bump in EBITDA going forward. 
A&P spend has come down because in quarter 1 we had the IPL, 
and that is a substantial part of our overall marketing budget. So that 
kind was front loaded.  
 
Achal Lohade:  
Would you be able to quantify how much is the A&P in the second 
quarter?  
 
Nikita Bansal: 
It's 2% lower than what it was in Q1.  
 
Arun Julasaria: 
So if you look at the overall company, it's 1% lower as far as 
company as a whole is concerned. And for plywood division, it's 
almost like 2%. 
 
Achal Lohade:  
As a percentage of revenue you're talking about, right? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
 
Yes.  
 
Achal Lohade:  
Okay. I understand. Thank you. And one more question I had. In 
terms of the plywood segment, obviously given the high base the Y-
o-Y numbers appear muted, but can you help us understand how is 
the demand scenario out there for the plywood segment? And can 
we expect a similar run rate in terms of volumes?  
 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Nikita Bansal: 
Yes. So in terms of expectation, we expect a single-digit growth in H2 
over lat H2. See the demand that we were seeing during COVID, 
definitely the growth run rate is not the same as that this year, but 
we've been able to sustain numbers and we are growing. We had a 
high base, like you said. So because of that Q2 number growth is 
seeming little low, but overall, I think we are quite happy with our 
performance and we expect to grow over in H2 as well, and Q3 
definitely being effective quarter will be lesser growth and Q4 will be 
where we'll have a higher growth. 
 
Achal Lohade:  
So when you're talking about growth that you meaning from a Y-o-Y 
perspective, because you will have festivals even in the base quarter, 
right?  
 
Nikita Bansal: 
Yes. Y-o-Y perspective, we will definitely have single-digit growth, as 
I mentioned in H2. 
 
Achal Lohade:  
Right. And can you also give some sense about how the premium 
segment is doing? How non-premium is doing in terms of the growth 
and the outlook? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
We don't specifically give numbers. 
 
Nikita Bansal: 
Like Keshav mentioned, they don't give specific numbers between 
Sainik and our Century brand. But just to give a idea, overall free 
Sainik operates in a much more larger base because majority of the 
market today in plywood lies at that INR80 to INR100 that is where 
Sainik operates because Sainik is supposed to convert local into 
branded. So definitely the growth rate of Sainik is going to be higher 
because it started from a very low base. We started the product only 
3 to 4 years back. So hence the growth rate will always be higher in 
Sainik for the next few years. And  having said that, we do have 
growth even in our premium segment, and that is purely because of 
the innovation that we are doing and the brand awareness and the 
brand campaigns that we are doing is really helping us grow in our 
premium segment as well.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Edelweiss. 
Kindly proceed.  
 
Sneha Talreja:  
And just a couple of questions from my end. Firstly, relating to 
demand actually, what led to this kind of a slow moment in demand, 
in your sense? And extending to that question, is that the reason we 
are not able to take any increase in MDF, although the raw material 
prices are on an increasing trend? Or is it the fear of import due to 
which the entire industry is unable to take any price hike? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
So you see regarding MDF definitely we have taken substantial price 
increase over the course of the past year, year and a half. And in 
MDF there is not just a if you import, but if you increase prices 
disproportionately, you come closer to the lowest end of plywood 
where I think the entire equation of ply or MDF will move a little bit 
towards plywood, even though that plywood is of lower quality. So 
that was one point.  
 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Sneha Talreja:  
Just regarding the in general slowdown and demand that we have 
right now in raw material and where do you get optimism that that’s 
going to increase, I mean that’s going to get better? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
So I think that in the last quarter you saw the impact of all the inflation 
pressure that was created in the system. It was prices of a lot of 
commodities had skyrocketed and I think this had an impact on the 
home building space as well. Going forward, I think they're all very 
bullish, especially pertaining the registration number and the property 
sales numbers that are coming in, that the market is going to do. 
There could be minor hiccup in the short-term, but we remain very 
optimistic and very bullish, and I'm expecting a good recovery in the 
H2 as such. 
 
Arun Julasaria:  
Sneha, just to add on this, a couple of things here. So if you look at 
the base also, base for entire build material industry going into Q2 
and Q3 was very, very significantly high because post COVID the 
numbers were very, very strong. So that's again, a reason why 
people are looking this or realizing this as a very, very muted 
moderate growth. So I think that is one. And second is the inflationary 
environment, which is also led to the situation. And now if you look at 
the inflationary environment that's been   almost likely to probably 
move down a bit. So this will again help regain the growth momentum 
going forward.  
 
Nikita Bansal:   
One more thing I would like to add. The reason we are so optimistic 
is because as a brand we are continuously investing in building our 
brand. I think we have amongst the only brand who continuously 
throughout the year spends money on branding as well as on 
improvement in terms of technological improvement. So I think an 
innovation. So because of that, I think we are extremely positive that 
we will keep, even if the market is muted, we will grow the way we 
are expecting to grow. And having said that, I think we are also 
working continuously on improving our cost structure and improving 
our market GTMs, et cetera. So I think that is where our optimism 
comes from. 
 
Sneha Talreja:  
And that was pretty helpful team. The last question was actually 
related to your margins. We've seen good amount of improvement in 
your   plywood and laminates margin and laminates despite the BCG 
expenses coming in. And in fact, both these places you are higher 
than your guidance. So what has led to this higher margins? Is there 
any exceptional item here or these are like now sustainable levels. 
Although I know the long-term guidance is 13% to 15% and 14% and 
16%. 
 
Nikita Bansal:  
Yes, so I'll take on the plywood part. So actually we are within the 
13% to 15 %. Q1 actually our EBITDA margin was below because 
the IPL, like Keshav said at the beginning . IPL cost was taken in Q1 
and  because of that the loading came in Q1 and that loading wasn't 
there in Q2, number one. Number two, we took a lot of price 
increases consecutively in Q1. So there was a price increase in April, 
there was a price increase in May end, there was some part increase 
even in June. So Q2 was a pure quarter where all the price increases 
had come into full effect. Because of that, our EBITDA is actually 
come back to what we expected, which is 14%. 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
With regards to laminate, I think the current margin, yes, we have 
worked very hard to ensure our product mix in domestic as well as 
export improves. And going forward, like I said, we will attempt to do 
14% to 16%, but yes, we may be doing slightly better.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Agarwal from Axis 
Capital. Kindly proceed. 
 
Shubham Agarwal:  
Just on following on the comment of MDF and freight, which you 
would have already emphasized much on. I just wanted to 
understand what is the realization for truckload for ply and MDF, how 
different is it? And let's say, what is the freight cost if you apply the 
vehicle from say Hoshiarpur to Amritsar? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Amritsar would not be a very major cost. I think the freight cost would 
be, say maybe a INR1,000, but I don't have data with me. Nehal can 
give you data later. Plywood in general, our plywood would be at 
least 2x the cost of our MDF, so I think that is thumb rule that we 
follow. But again, Nehal can get back to you with exact number. 
 
Shubham Agarwal: 
Okay. I'll get that separately. Secondly, what is the price difference in 
imports and domestic realizations right now? The price difference in 
imports and domestic MDF? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
It actually depends on the location because if you look into the north, 
the landed cost to import, goes up substantially. In the south, I think 
that MDF is currently being exported at about $220 per CBM. But on 
top of that, you need to add the cost of freight. You need to add the 
cost. It varies from location to location. 
 
Shubham Agarwal: 
Imports, price of imports and domestic in south, how different? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
In $220 is FOB. After that you have to do a lot of loading, et cetera. I 
think the difference between domestic and imported prices, ballpark, 
because south is not really our focus area, but it would be of 10%, 
15%  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hitesh Agarwal from India Inside 
Value Fund. Kindly proceed. 
 
Hitesh Agarwal:  
In particle Board, I wanted to ask, what will be the asset turnover for 
our CapEx of INR550 crore for the new plant?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
The turnover for the new capacity will be in excess of INR600 crore,  
 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Excess of INR600 crore. And what will be the kind of time gap 
between the commencement of the plant and its full utilization?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
I think you take about 2.5 to 3 years to utilize the plant.  
 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Okay. One question, like in the particle board segment, could you tell 
me of the industry as such, what will be the percentage of imports as 
such, and how is the price difference between the import and the like 
domestic prices? 
 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Again, it's a very fluid scenario right now, today imports FOB would 
be at about $120. I think will be at about $150 and domestic prices 
that is then we need to take into account all the other costs. But I 
would say again, that we would be at least 10% to 15% higher. The 
domestic prices would be 10% to 15% higher than imports, but 
domestic OEMs got a lot more flexibility from us because they can 
procure material virtually overnight. Whereas if you look at these 
imported competition, the lead time is substantially higher. Also for a 
unit, it does not have a prelam facility for them to rely on import 
becomes next to impossible because you cannot really select a 
design for once in a one. It is a very difficult proposition. Here 
domestic manufacturers give them that flexibility.  
 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Coming to the MDF segment as such, could you give a color 
on the rise in the timber and the chemical prices sequentially?  
 
Nehal Shah:  
Yes. Hi, Hitesh, Nehal here. So if you look at  the raw material price 
movement in MDF segment, timber per se has gone up by almost 
say 10%, 12% since the start of the year. So that is one which has 
impacted  the gross margins. And secondly, chemical, again, has 
gone up substantially. So one of the chemicals what we use has 
gone up almost by 20%, 25% So that has what has led to almost  
650 bps, 700  bps gross margin  deterioration.  
 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And should we consider kind of softening of the chemical 
passes going forward as such? 
 
Nehal Shah:  
So timber prices are still elevated, but as far as chemical prices are 
concerned, which had actually seen a very drastic move, they have 
started coming off a bit. So that is what will help us give a cushion to 
our margins.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Bhavsar from Investec 
India. Kindly proceed. 
 
Parth Bhavsar:  
Sir I have this question, so you guys are setting up a laminate plant in 
West Bengal and then there's an upcoming plant in south. So what is 
a brownfield optionality at both these places, like over and above the 
capacity that you're setting up, is there any option to increase your 
capacity beyond this? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Further increases in Calcutta would be difficult because we are now 
space constraint. And in the existing premises, I don't think we'll be 
able to set up any more units. In Andhra, in Phase 1 we are coming 
up with two hot presses, and in Phase 2 we'll be coming up with a 
further 2. And we have created enough provision to come up with 4 
units in Phase 3. But that as of now is something that we have not 
thought too much about. Right now it is about Phase 1 and Phase 2, 
but definitely we can set up to 8 lines if we are comfortable.  
 
Parth Bhavsar:  
Okay. So in Phase 1 and Phase 2, you'll be adding 4? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Yes.  
 
Parth Bhavsar:  
Okay. And sir one other thing that, what is the rational to go after 
particle board and not plywood, could just elaborate a little bit on that. 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
We always go onto plywood. We are definitely looking to grow in 
plywood and we have taken up a lot of investment in balancing 
equipment across plywood, first to increase our capacity. So it is not 
that particle board is coming at the expense of plywood.  
 
Nikita Bansal: 
And I'll add to that so that, that we had announced that we will set up 
a unit in Hoshiarpur for plywood. So we're in a search for land right 
now, so we have some land options. So I think hopefully soon, we'll 
be able to close something.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from VT Capital. 
Kindly proceed. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Sir, I wanted to know like what is the per tonne timber consumption 
for 1 CVM production of particle board? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
It would be close to 1,100 kgs.   
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
And sir coming to your MDF segment time, missed to what you said 
about to the earlier participant's call. The rise in timber, what was the 
rise sequence, rise in timber cost and chemical prices? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Timber cost has gone up by 10% to 12% over the course of the 
current year for MDF in particular in the north of India. And chemical 
prices had increased by in excess of 25%, but now they are showing 
finally correction. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
This is in 2022 or in this fiscal? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
In this fiscal.  
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay. And sir, about your greenfield expansion for MDF, you said 
that, it recommends production from H2 FY'24? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Yes.  
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay. So that means there has been a delay of 2 quarters?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
No, for H2 FY'24, there is a 0 delay in the project.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Udit from ES Securities. Kindly 
proceed. 
 
Udit:  
So this is 2 parts. One is that when we mentioned about 15% overall 
growth for '23. So just basically what we have done in H1 and the 
balance in H2, what would be expected. So are we looking at a 
decline year-on-year for H2? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
No, we are definitely not looking at any decline. But having said that, 
we are not getting overly excited by good performance in H1.  
 
Udit:  
Understood. And sir, just fundamentally on the product side, like you 
mentioned that in south the OEMs have accepted the particle board. 
So do you see any threat to MDF, like we are coming up with CapEx 
in both is understandable and in south, we are coming up with MDF 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
as well. So what explains that part like particle board can take market 
share of MDF structurally just wanting to know on the category? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
You see, I think we have to look at it from a little more holistic point of 
view. If you look at particle Board, the usability in OEMs is excellent. 
It's a highly valuable product and for H1, it is a product that is durable 
because it is not as heavy usage as domestic furniture would be. For 
domestic furniture MDF usage is still very strong. In the south, the 
acceptance of particle board has been there for quite some time now, 
whereas in the north particle board has really not been accepted as a 
very strong or very good product because MDF penetrated much 
earlier. 
 
So I think both are going to grow substantially. As we have 
mentioned earlier, the particle board capacity in India would be about 
1.5 million cubic meter, whereas the particle board capacity in China 
is 50 million cubic meter. So we’re still 1/30 of their size. There's a lot 
of room for growth and in MBF as well, our capacity will be 2 million, 
whereas China's, I think would be around 55 million or 60 million. So 
again, there is substantial room for growth in both. I don't think 
growth in category will come at the cost of the other, but definitely 
both are going to be high growth categories going forward. 
 
Udit:  
Got it, sir. And just lastly following up on particle boards, what kind of 
industry growth are you expecting? And like you mentioned, it is a 
highly fragmented and organized industry. Will we be able to get any 
pricing power or you’ll be just stay the industry dynamics on this one.  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
I think more than pricing power, we will be able to give a range of 
products that only few limited number of players will be able to offer. 
So the unorganized players would actually not be able to compete 
considering certain products they cannot manufacture. So for 
instance, less than 9 mm could not be manufactured in any multi-
delight. Today, even we cannot manufacture less than 9 mm. But 
going forward only 3 or I think 4 players who will have continuous 
stress lines will be able to offer these products. So that gives us a 
substantial advantage in the market. And once these products come 
into play, once they accepted, then we'll have pricing power because 
the threat of competition is going to be far lower. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav from Equirus Securities. 
Kindly proceed.  
 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sir, I wanted to understand, if you can throw some light on how the 
MDF prices are moving globally? That was my first question. And the 
second question was, how long do you think the timber availability 
issue is going to be a major problem for the industry? Because just 
for my understanding, at least for next 2 years, things are going to 
impact on the timber availability issue in India? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
So I'll answer the second part first. Definitely there is a crunch of 
timber and that is something that we are all facing, but the result of 
this is a much higher timber price, which has led to tremendous 
amount of plantation. Now, if you drive from Chandigarh from 
Hoshiarpur or from Amritsar to Hoshiarpur, you'll see the quantum of 
agro policy that is taking place. So you are right. For a couple of 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
years, they might be under pressure, but after that the quantum of 
timber that will be available in Punjab, Punjab itself will be a net plus. 
And I'm sure that this is happening in practically all other parts also 
because with this higher timber price for farmers, this becomes a 
very lucrative proposition, especially considering that they don't need 
to give as much time to eucalyptus as we need to give to a wheat or 
to rice. And the cycle with these higher prices really moves in their 
favor, particularly for land that are not very addable, land that are not 
very fertile. This becomes a very viable option.  
 
Secondly, internationally, yes, prices have softened for MDF, but 
what has also happened as rupee has depreciated from INR72, 
INR73 levels to INR80 levels. So that is a 10% increase in cost, 
right? So overall, this softening has been cushioned by this impact of 
the rupee depreciating. 
 
Pranav Mehta:  
Okay, sir. And sir, how are the laminate exports for us are  shaping 
up? Because industry seems to be doing quite well on the export 
front. So are we aggressively targeting exports as a growth 
opportunity for us, because we have also a lot of room to catch up in 
the domestic market? Or we are going to focus on domestic quality? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
No, we are going to be focusing on both. You see in exports, higher 
sizes are required till now laminates, we only operate at 8x4 sizes. 
For exports, we have requirement for 10x4 sizes and 14x4 or 12x6 
sizes. In Andhra, we are coming up with 1 14x6 and 1 10x4, post it, a 
lot of international markets a lot of export markets will be open to us, 
but till now have not been. So definitely we are exports, you are 
absolutely right, there's a lot of headroom there and we are focusing 
on the same. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kumar from Infinity 
Alternatives. Kindly proceed. 
 
Ashish Kumar:  
And congratulations for a good steady set of numbers. So a couple of 
questions. One, a near-term kind of question and the second is a 
longer term. On the near term, from the way we stand in terms of the 
EBITDA margins and the revenues, do you see any sequential 
pressure point over the next 2, 3, 4 quarters? Or should we assume 
this to be a base number with the new revenues being added from 
new capacity expansion. Is that a fair way to look at it? 
 
Nehal Shah: 
So basically if you look at the raw material cost, as I said earlier, 
some of the raw material prices are definitely on their way down, at 
least over the next couple of months, which you can see at the 
moment. So to that extent, the pressure would be easing out, 
particularly with respect to those chemicals. Even as far as plywood 
is concerned, core medium prices have dropped a bit possibly 
around 2.5% to 35. So finally there's a respite to that because those 
were the prices which were consistently increasing gradually over the 
last 4 to 6 quarters. So to that extent, yes, we should get benefited to 
that extent. And as far as growth is concerned, obviously with the 
new capacities coming up on stream, we should be able to take 
advantage of those coming on time.  
 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Ashish Kumar:  
And second one was from a slightly longer term. We've announced 
massive CapEx in businesses which are a 25% EBITDA margin, let's 
say, based on longer-term guidance. So from a company 
perspective, today, if you look at it, particle board plus MDF is 
roughly around 21%, 22% of revenues. But let's say, 3 years out, 
would it be fair to assume that, that proportion could be more like 
40%. And if I assume, let's say, 15% for your plywood plus laminate 
business and 25% for this business, would that mean that from a 
company perspective, we could be starting to hit margins, which are 
closer to the 20% mark rather than the 15% mark? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
I think you’ve hitted the nail on the head. Definitely, that is the reason 
why we’re investing so substantially in these areas. Having said that, 
because of the fact that MBF and particle board are part of our 
industry, we have the opportunity to reinvest our tax flows in high 
ROCE businesses. So this is a very, very, I would say, good time and 
a good opportunity for us. Going forward, yes, we are looking at a 
higher percentage of the mix coming from MDF and particle board 
despite a good growth in plywood and laminate. So this should push 
the margins like we have. One more point that you need to 
understand is, the working capital requirements in both particle board 
and MBF are substantially lower. So again, this is our quest for 
higher ROCs. 
 
Ashish Kumar:  
Sure. Only one thing, Keshav, that if you're guiding for a 25% 
EBITDA margin and that's your revenue to CapEx of 1.3x, then one 
could be looking at, let's say, mid-20s kind of an ROC as compared 
to, let's say, significantly higher for ply business. Is that a fair way to 
look at it? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
At this point in time, what we are seeing is that the asset turnover 
ratio has actually been far better than the numbers that you have just 
suggested. So I think what we are targeting is 20% plus ROC. That 
has been the objective from day 1, and both these businesses should 
be able to give us that. But yes, I am hopeful that the numbers should 
be slightly better than that.  
 
Ashish Kumar:  
Sure. Okay, given the fact that you're closer to currently the 30% 
mark, that's a huge wind down.  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Today say, we are very lucky that we have been able to deliver on  
sustained basis. But going forward, you see, you need avenues for 
growth and these two products represent avenues for growth. So I 
think that long term margins will be good. Long term, they will 
generate good ROC, maybe not as high as plywood or laminate. You 
could be correct. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrenik Bachhawat from LIC. 
Kindly proceed.  
 
Shrenik Bachhawat:  
Sir, my first question is I wanted to understand that we are doing 
planning of INR550 crore CapEx for particle board and also 
Greenlam and Merino are planning a similar CapEx. So as all the 3 
players are increasing the capacities in particle board, how is the 
pricing scenario for us? Like are the organized players selling at a 
premium versus unorganized or at the same pricing? 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
See, Century command the premium over the unorganized players 
and going forward like I mentioned, in a comment, there are a lot of 
advantages that you'll get. So definitely product quality will improve, 
which should get you further pricing premium. But beyond the same, 
you'll also get the benefit of substantially lower operating costs. So 
going forward, I think, the organized players will have a substantial 
benefit over the unorganized sector, particularly in the particle board 
space.  
 
Shrenik Bachhawat:  
Okay. And particle board how much of the sales is B2B and B2C?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka:  
For particle board, the majority sale is B2B.  
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Okay. And sir, I understand that readymade policy that sold on 
Internet. Normally, we say that rationale for MDF is the growth in the 
readymade furniture market, but most of the online funds that is 
being sold is made of particle board, I was just going through the 
online websites. So what is your take? Like, what is the proportion of 
MDF versus particle board for the online furniture that is sold? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
This is very difficult to club online furniture into 1 category because 
there are so many options. But see for instance, IKEA uses more 
than 80% of particle board and a very small and significant part of 
MDF. But in India for residential furniture, MDF is the preferred third 
generation wood panel product. Whereas for office furniture, particle 
board is currently the preferred product. On price particle board 
would be 1/3 the price of plywood, whereas MDF would be half the 
price. So particle board has a distinct advantage, hence when you 
look at lower price furniture, you will more often than not see particle 
board. But for residential furniture, most of the readymade residential 
furniture is showing a trend of being leaning towards MBF rather than 
particle board. 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Got it. And just last question, wanted to understand that as we 
highlighted that the second half of this year we will see single-digit 
growth in plywood. So what gives us the confidence for FY'24 to 
deliver 15% volume growth and 20% revenue growth?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
I think, we have done a lot of things, as Nikita has mentioned, we 
have implemented our salesforce automation tool, which I think is a 
first in the industry to do. We have changed the entire GPM. We have 
invested substantially in branding. So I think all of these initiatives put 
together have put us in a very good space. Now, slowly we will see 
the benefit of these initiatives coming because it does not happen 
overnight, hence, we are confident that going forward, we will be able 
to deliver good sustain numbers. 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
So 15% volume growth in plywood you're telling on a sustainable you 
can deliver?  
 
Nikita Bansal: 
That is what we would want to achieve, yes.  
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
The industry is far lower than that, right? And Century is already a 
brand in India and well-known and everything. So can we deliver so 
much as for industry growth rate? 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Just one thing. What we also must factor in is that there is a change 
from the unorganized to the organize that is really taking place and 
that is really aiding our goals. You must realize in plywood, only 30% 
of the market rate is organized. Now if this changes, say even by 1% 
or 2%, that gives a substantial boost to every single organized player. 
And we as market leaders only intend to cash in on the same.  
 
Nikita Bansal: 
So just to add to that, we are currently 5% to 6% of the entire 
plywood industry. So the reason why we have launched Sainik in the 
amount of money we are spending behind Sainik is because we seen 
the opportunity lies in converting this unbranded to branded. So even 
if the industry is growing at a certain pace, we want to grow more 
than the industry because we want to capture more market share. So 
hence that is where the 15% comes from.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Kumar from HDFC 
Securities. Kindly proceed. 
 
Rajesh Kumar:  
My question is, first, on this particle board project. Is it the existing 
location or a greenfield one nearby? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
It is a greenfield location nearby. 
 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Okay. And this CapEx, which we are incurring, does it have an 
optionality of increasing the capacity 2 to 3 years hence?  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
For the finish capacity is 2 years. 
 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Sorry, I missed it. The existing capacity, which you are putting up 3.6 
lakh, can it be increased further? Or is the land and other? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
Yes, land is there, but the current line and the current shared, et 
cetera, everything that is being designed is being designed for the 
3.6 lakh. Going forward, of course, in the same location, we can set 
up another unit. 
 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Okay. And  sir, you don't have a laminate facility nearby. So will that 
have an impact on your prelam sales from this plant? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
No, we didn't have a laminate facility in Chennai earlier either, right? 
So prelam the paper inventory management is not as difficult as 
laminate because it is for sell there. So that is not a challenge 
anywhere, whether it is Hoshiarpur, whether it is Chennai, whether it 
is any other location. With the particle board facility, we will be 
coming up. 
 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Okay. And second in the MDF, you mentioned that the import and 
domestic price difference is 15%. So historically, maybe please, what 
has been the sustainable pricing difference between imports and 
domestic prices? 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
I don't have numbers with me at this point. I'll get back to you on the 
same.  
 

 
Century Plyboards Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Okay. Just wanting to assess that, when you are looking at from 30% 
to 25%, what more pressure can on a sustainable basis it lead to, 
because the domestic capacity is more. So the purpose of me asking 
this question was to assess that when you're factoring in the margins 
to pull off to 25%, if the margins have to sustain, let's say, 10%, 15% 
level, so can it lead to higher compression on a sustainable basis, 
say 20%. So this is what I wanted to asses. We'll talk on this later. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
 
Keshav Bhajanka: 
So thank you so much to all of you for taking out your valuable time 
to attend this call. The one point I'd like to make is, as always, your 
management is going to try to their level best to deliver as good a 
performance as we can. And hopefully with all your support, we'll be 
able to achieve it. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
