7·
PIVEI
ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIES LTD.
REF:TEIL:SE:
~
+91 120 4308000
1;1 +911204311010/11
www.trivenigroup.com
Date: 14"November, 2022
BSE Limited
National
Stock
Exchange
of
India
Department of Corporate
Ltd.,
Services,
Listing
Rotunda Building, P.J. Tower,
Department
Dalal Street, Fort,
Exchange Plaza. 5"" Floor
>
>
MUMBAI - 400 001
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Thru: BSE Listing Centre
MUMBAI - 400 051
Thru: NEAPS
STOCK CODE: 532356
STOCK CODE: TRIVENI
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Conference Call held on 7th November,
2022
Dear Sirs,
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript
of the Analysts/Investors Conference Call held on 7 November, 2022, post announcement of
audited financial results of the Company for the quarter & half-year
ended September 30,
2022. The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.trivenigroup.com
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd.
93y1
c}Er{ B ALLA
Group Vice President &
Company Secretary
M.No.A9475
Encl: As above
Corporate Office: 8 Foor, Express Trade Towers, Plot 15 & 16, Sector 16-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh -- 201301,
India.
Registered Office: A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extension, Noida-201 305, Uttar Pradesh. CIN No.: L15421UP1932PLC022174

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 07, 2022 
 
 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and a warm welcome to all of you participating in the Triveni 
Engineering & Industries Limited's Q2 and H1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today, Mr. Tarun Sawhney, Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Suresh Taneja, Group CFO; Mr. Sameer Sinha, CEO of Sugar 
Business Group as well as other members of the senior management team. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and a statement to this effect has 
been included in the invite which was sent to everybody earlier. 
 
I would also like to emphasize that while this call is open to all invitees, it may 
not be broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will start this call 
with opening remarks from the management following an interactive question-
and-answer session. I will now request Mr. Tarun Sawhney to open the call. 
Over to you sir. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the 
Q2 H1 Fiscal '23 earnings conference call for Triveni Engineering & Industries 
Limited. The overall performance of the Company during the quarter and half 
year ended 30th of September 2022 has been broadly satisfactory. The key 
highlights that I would like to mention before we get into the business discussion 
and detailing of the commentary are that the Sugar Season 2022 - 2023 has 
commenced, six of our seven sugar factories have commenced their operations. 
Our factory in east UP will be starting its operations within a week or so. 
 
From a readiness perspective, the debottlenecking and modernization of the 
three sugar units has also been completed in a timely manner. This will lead to 
an enhancement in crushing efficiency. Along with this, we have increased our 
refined sugar production capability from approximately 40% of total sugar to 
about 60% of total sugar production, and we have doubled our pharmaceutical 
grade sugar production capacity. Both of this will boost realizations and 
profitability for the group.  
 
With respect to the distilleries, the additional distillation capacities commissioned 
during the quarter aggregating 660 KLPD is fully commissioned and operating 
at high levels of efficiency. And we are on track for enhancing our capacities to 
1100 KLPD by FY 24. In our Power Transmission business, the order booking 
has grown a robust 29% year-on-year and within our Water business, there has 
been an extremely important development where we have achieved commercial 
operations date for the entire Mathura Hybrid Annuity project, the HAM project 
and this was on the 21st of October 2022. 
 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Turning to the quarter under review, I would like to first start off by discussing 
the financial highlights. The net turnover has increased by 26% quarter-on-
quarter and 22.2% for the half year versus the previous corresponding half year. 
And this has been primarily driven by higher sales of sugar and alcohol. The 
profit before tax before exceptional items during Q2 FY 23 has declined by 79% 
to ₹ 24.48 crore which was previously ₹ 113 crore in the previous corresponding 
quarter. 
 
The contribution on sales of sugar during the current period is lower due to the 
impact of higher cane price, the State Advised Price (SAP) was increased in the 
previous year and that increased our cost of production. In addition, for the 
quarter under review and half year under review, there was an export subsidy in 
the previous corresponding periods. And this of course was absent in this 
quarter and half year under review and that is another significant difference in 
the profitability numbers. The sugar revenues as I mentioned grew by 26% 
quarter-to-quarter. And this was driven by higher sales volumes and also 
improved realizations. 
 
The profitability as I mentioned, was impacted due to higher SAP and no 
subsidy. Further increased cost because of wage board corrections that had to 
be made, were also witnessed during the quarter and added towards our cost. 
The distillery revenues net of excise grew 45% during the quarter due to 
additional capacities that were commissioned, which resulted in increased sales 
volumes. The profitability margins have been impacted due to an increased price 
of B-heavy molasses and some stabilization period for the new distilleries that 
were commissioned around about the turn of the previous quarter. 
 
There was also a slightly lower margin with grain on feedstock, mainly attributed 
to a stabilization period, the engineering business at an aggregate level reported 
very strong revenue increases of almost 27% during the current quarter. The 
outstanding order book for the engineering business stood at ₹ 1,825 crore 
compared to just under ₹ 1,700 crore in the previous corresponding period. 
 
On a consolidated basis, our total debt for the company is ₹ 721 odd crore net 
of Fixed Deposits (FD) of ₹ 148 crore which has been made from an operational 
surplus and this is on the 30th of September '22. The consolidated debt at ₹ 
1,568 crore was on March 31 '22. The above debt position is without considering 
the net divestment proceeds of ₹ 1,593 crore which is currently being held in 
fixed deposits with various banks. 
 
Our overall cost of funds has marginally increased to 5.16% during Q2 FY 23 as 
against 5.09% in the corresponding period of the fiscal year. Clearly, this is not 
in line with the massive increases in interest rates that we have seen for the 
nation as a whole and it's because we have the majority amount of debt under 
subvention.  
 
During the quarter, the company has divested its entire 21.85% stake in Triveni 
Turbine Limited for a net consideration of ₹ 1,593 crore unlocking significant 
value for our shareholders. This has led to an unbundling of businesses and the 
monetization of non-core assets. As I had indicated earlier, the proceeds from 
this divestment will be utilized for growth and expansion of businesses as well 
as rewarding shareholders.  
 
To this effect, the Board of Directors subject to the approval of shareholders has 
approved a proposal to buyback equity shares of the Company up to ₹ 2.28 
crores (approximately ₹ 2.29 crores) equity shares at a price of ₹ 350 per equity 
share and the aggregate amount not exceeding ₹ 800 crore. I would like to 
mention that this is almost the maximum buyback that the Company could have 
done at this particular period. I would like to remind on this call that the previous 

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
buyback that the Company has, Company had a rich history of doing buybacks, 
the last buyback that we have done which is a smaller one of ₹ 65 crore in 
October of 2020 was done at a share price of ₹ 105 and this time as I mentioned, 
the buyback will be at ₹ 350. 
 
Turning to the financial highlights of the Company. The revenue from operations 
grew at 27% to ₹ 1,471 crore while the PBT declined to a profit of ₹ 24.5 crore 
which is the decline of about 79%. The EPS after accounting for exceptional 
items has jumped very substantially to ₹ 57.4 per share.  
 
Now turning to the businesses, I would like to spend a few minutes discussing 
our different business verticals. Starting with our sugar business. On the 
realization during the quarter, the average that we have achieved is ₹ 3545 per 
quintal which is about 1.6% higher year-on-year. So, not quite, certainly higher, 
but not as high as we had anticipated or would have liked frankly speaking. 
 
The current price of sugar however, as of today, refined sugar is selling at ₹ 
3690 per quintal and sulphitation sugar is selling at ₹ 3615 per quintal. There 
has been an increase in pricing this morning after the very positive 
announcement on exports by the Government of India (GOI) over the weekend. 
The Company did not export any sugar of course, during the quarter. Sugar 
inventories on the 30th of September stood at 20.81 lakh quintals valued at 
about ₹ 32 per kilo. 
 
The cogeneration operations achieved external sales of about ₹ 17 crore versus 
₹ 14.2 crore in the previous corresponding half year, an increase of about 19%. 
And there were no operations during Q2 as it was the offseason.  
 
Our domestic realization as I mentioned was ₹ 35.45 per kilo during the half year 
and this was on the base of ~259,000 metric tonnes of dispatches, ~22% higher 
per quarter on previous quarter. 
 
From a policy perspective, there has been very big news over the past weekend 
with the export policy for the Season 2022-23 being formally announced. The 
Government has announced exports of 6 million metric tonnes from the 1st of 
November 2022 to the 31st of May '23 (Note: corrected to May as it was 
mentioned erroneously on the call as March). This was a key ask of the industry 
and an enormously big positive for the sugar sector. We believe that this is the 
first tranche and I personally do believe that the Government will come out 
potentially with the second, and there may be a third export tranche. The second 
one being our hope is 3 million metric tonnes in five- or six-months’ time so that 
there can be better planning and execution. 
 
I would like to point out that this again shows that the Government is acutely 
aware of the needs of the industry and acts in a timely manner to assuage the 
market and to provide stability in terms of operations for the entire industry. And 
of course, this has a cascading effect and benefit all the way down to the farm 
level and to the farmer level. So it's a great positive and yet another example of 
excellent and timely Government intervention. The 6 million tonnes will be easily 
exported, in my opinion, during this time, potentially even well ahead of this time. 
 
The past experience from last year shows that India is well capable of exporting 
this total amount within the six-month window. Earlier in October, the 
Government has extended the restriction on sugar exports up to the 31st of 
October '23. However, these subsequent new orders, of course, are in addition 
to that previous order. 
 
For the Triveni, we have received a quota of just under 205,000 metric tonnes 
of sugar. And we've contracted a significant portion of this already at substantial 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
premiums and these are refined premiums for the Company which are in excess 
of prevailing domestic prices. We intend to dispatch this entire quota during this 
current financial year, which will of course improve the financial performance for 
H2 fiscal '23. 
 
Turning towards the domestic scenario, based on the recent ISMA estimate, the 
total acreage for the country is about 6% higher than the previous year. I would 
also like to mention that it is our belief that the State Advised Price (SAP) which 
is the sugarcane price, that Triveni pays in Uttar Pradesh will remain the same 
and that is our earnest hope for sugarcane for this current season. 
 
Looking at the balance sheet for the nation, for sugar production in 2023 before 
considering diversion to ethanol, we anticipate that to be about 5% higher at 41 
million tonnes, another record production of sugar in our country. It's expected 
that 4.5 million tonnes of sugar will be diverted towards ethanol this year. With 
an opening balance of about 5.5 odd million tonnes, I anticipate that with 
balancing export numbers, we will close out sugar season 2022-23 with the 
same figure as the opening balance about 5.5 million tonnes on the 30th of 
September '23. And that, of course is also the hope of the industry. 
 
Based on international reports, the forecast for the global sugar industry is a 
surplus of about 5 million tonnes up to about 5.2 million tonnes. And this has 
been driven primarily by major sugar exporters such as India, Brazil, and 
Thailand. Higher supply will of course lead to higher ending stocks as well. In 
the Centre South region, I think the Brazilian sugar production will return to 
normalized levels of 36 million metric tonnes odd next year, which starts in April 
'23. 
 
So, it is anticipated that there will be more sugar produced relatively in Brazil 
and that will come to global markets for sale. Similarly, in Thailand, we're 
anticipating an increase, of about 11.5 million tonnes of sugar for the season 
2022-23 which starts in October '22. Having said that, I think this has all been 
very well factored into global sugar prices, which have actually performed quite 
well. New York has been hovering between US 17.5 to 19.4 cents per pound. At 
present, the prices are US 18.7 cents per pound which is a reasonably good 
price. And the London white sugar contract for the December month has been 
trading at about US $540 odd per tonne with the March trading at just under US 
$513 per ton, again a very healthy price of a solid white premium actually. 
 
So we at Triveni for exports are hoping to at least capitalize on this wide White's 
premium for a portion of our total exports. Turning to the alcohol business, the 
production was 57% higher, the sales quarter-on-quarter was 23% higher, the 
average realization was just about 13% higher. The key changes for this quarter 
are our product mix and our higher capabilities which led to higher volumes. The 
sale of ethanol produced from grain accounted for 24% and 13% of total sales 
volumes in the current quarter and half year corresponding. 
 
Ethanol produced from B-heavy constituted 70% of the sales volume of the 
current quarter versus 73% in the previous corresponding quarter. There has 
been big news also in the Distillery segment where the Government has recently 
announced an increase in prices under the EBP program. We note that the 
increases for B-heavy, juice and grains are only marginally higher when you 
include the relief that was provided by the Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) 
earlier. 
 
And therefore, it is my view that more support will be required as we march 
towards EBP20 and beyond that and we need more capacities to come up to 
convert juice which is definitely the most reliable feedstock for the ethanol 
blending program. We can see that from Q4 of the ethanol supplier that the most 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
reliable supplies at the most precarious time has come from the sugar sector. 
And I do believe that as we move towards E20 and beyond, the sugar sector 
with respect to ethanol has to be the bedrock for this particular program. 
 
The ethanol supply year,  this is important, has been redefined. And it will now 
be from the 1st of November to the 31st of October in the following year. And 
therefore in view of the above changes to the ethanol supply year, the ethanol 
supply year for 2022-23 will be considered from 1st of December to the 31st of 
October '23, 11 months. Out of the 455 crore is finalized by the OMCs and a 
total requirement of 458 crore, contracts for 454 liters have been executed after 
the 23rd of October '22. The total lifting has been about 82% of the contracted 
quantity and the average blending percentage up to the 23rd of October was 
9.57% let's say broadly odd 10%. 
 
Till 23rd of October '22, out of the supply of 371 crore liters, 70 crore liters has 
been supplied from sugarcane juice and 234 crore liters has been supplied from 
B-heavy molasses, the vast majority of this total supply. The OMCs have 
recently invited bid to supply 651 crore liters of ethanol for the supply year of 
2022-23. 
 
Turning to the engineering businesses very quickly, the power transmission 
business again has had an excellent quarter under review with gross revenues 
improving by 12% to ₹ 61 crore, PBT of ₹ 21.1 crore and an order booking 
increasing by 20% to just about ₹ 60 crore. The closing, order book was  just 
over ₹ 245 crore which is 52% higher. 
 
In Q2, there's actually been a fantastic growth. And we've seen orders coming 
in not just domestically but internationally as well. There have been some supply 
chain disruptions, because we saw metal prices vacillate quite substantially, but 
those have been pretty much set aside and the recent performance with metal 
prices augurs very well for the business going forward. We've seen an excellent 
performance as well in export markets, and this is a focus area for the Company 
in terms of discovering new customers, OEMs and gaining more market share. 
The outstanding order book as I mentioned stood at ₹ 245 crore which includes 
long-term orders of ₹ 105 crore.  
 
The water business had a fantastic quarter and review where revenues grew by 
43% to ₹ 78 crore, the order booking increased by about 3% to ₹ 1,550 crore, 
the results are very good on a consolidated basis, which includes SPVs and the 
water business, as I mentioned has achieved commercial operation date, the 
COD date for the entire Mathura Hybrid Annuity Project with effective 31st of 
October is a very important milestone in terms of our revenue recognition et 
cetera. And it is the most successful HAM project in my opinion that has been 
executed across the nation. The outstanding order book, as I mentioned 
continues to grow quarter-on-quarter, half year on half year and we are 
anticipating that there are a large number of orders that will be finalized over the 
next few quarters. 
 
Looking briefly at the outlook, the sugar business as a result as I mentioned of 
the debottlenecking and modernization, there is going to be a good increase in 
the performance and a reduction in cost of the sugar that is produced this year. 
Of course, the sale price will benefit with higher quantities, 60% of refined sugar 
and a doubling of pharmaceutical grade sugar that is produced by the Company. 
The season has started, the crop condition looks excellent. For Uttar Pradesh 
as a whole, there is a projection that  there will be 4% increase in production. 
This is recovery and crush combined, I would be happy to mention that Triveni 
estimates that our production would certainly be much higher than the average 
of the state of Uttar Pradesh. Six factories have already started operations. The 
relative recovery rate this year, we started earlier than last year are higher, which 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
bodes very well for the season. We are crushing at a significantly higher crushing 
rate as well this year versus the previous year. All of these help in cost of 
production and better efficiencies across the entire system. 
  
And provided of course we don't have any unseasonal rains or inclement 
weather etc., this has the potential of being a record year for the Company. And 
a lot of the work that has been done has been done at the farm level. So, we are 
seeing the yield increases which means that our farmers are certainly seeing an 
increase in their take home income and profitability from the land and we are 
delighted to mention that.  
 
Looking at the alcohol business, we're well on our way in terms of expanding 
our capacities to 1110 KLPD and we are looking at expanding and leading to 
better growth in terms of revenues as well as profitability as this year continues 
and we move into the next year.  
 
And the gears business, the Make in India program has led to fantastic 
opportunities for our diverse engineered products and we are actively 
participating in several many indigenous development projects. We have seen 
fantastic growth and inquiries from the cement, energy, distillery and steel 
sectors domestically and this augurs well, this is continuing and in fact heating 
up quite a lot. So, it's very positive for the domestic order booking going forward. 
The defence segment again has done well and we have received strong orders 
in the areas of propulsion shafting, we believe that this is a long-term strength 
for this particular business. 
 
The Water business, we are expecting robust order bookings I mentioned briefly 
in the coming quarters. And there is a lot of visibility and value that will get 
finalized over the next six months or so, the domestic opportunities are 
increasing in the recycle and reuse of wastewater. And the water business is 
equipped to handle this target market which is a new and large revenue segment 
for the water business. Municipal business opportunities are looking very 
attractive in the states of Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Telangana and 
Maharashtra. And we're looking for other public, private partnership model 
projects under the HAM model. And we're keen on participating on those as over 
the coming few quarters. Thank you very much. I'd like to now open up the floor 
for questions. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from ICICI Direct. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
My first question is about the export contracts which were done, if you can 
quantify the what exactly is the volumes were contracted and at what price? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Sanjay, firstly thank you for asking the question. What I will say is that we have 
contracted for more than 50% at fantastic white sugar prices. So, unfortunately 
at this particular point in time, I cannot disclose the total quantity nor the values, 
but I can say that they are in substantial premium to domestic prices. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay, so just want to understand one thing, I believe if the Government is going 
to come up with a second tranche of 3 million tonnes, then you probably will get 
another 1 lakh tonnes of quota, so what exactly is the price you are looking 
where you will execute the export contract? Because what I understand you 
have not done export last year. So, what exactly would be the price above which 
you will be looking to sort of do the full contracts? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
You've asked a brilliant question, so we have some portion from this 6 million 
tonnes that remains unpriced right now. And then of course, there is the distinct 
possibility of a large second tranche coming about. For us very simply, this is 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
tradable. The most important thing to consider that in the wisdom of the 
Government, they've created a fantastic platform, which is tradable. We already 
know that the coastal millers would love to export and there is a very buoyant 
market for trading this quota as well, it's already extremely active as of this 
weekend. 
 
As far as we are concerned, we will consider three things, we will consider 
domestic price, we will consider what the tradable value is at that point in time 
and we will consider what the export price is, now the export price comes in 
three forms, it is refined sugar, that is EC Grade 2 sugar, then there is refined 
sugar that we typically make in North India which is slightly bolder grain sugar 
which can't command the same premiums as LIFFE (London International 
Financial Futures and Options Exchange) and then of course you have 150s 
and raw sugars, I'm bucketing both those together, that are sold at versus New 
York. 
 
Now, we will look at which opportunity gets the Company the maximum amount 
of revenues and profitability and our decisions will be made purely on that basis. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. So, but you have the capacity of this 45 grade refined sugar which is 
basically trading at ₹ 38 to ₹ 40 per kg in INR, you can export the entire 2 lakh 
or 3 lakh? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
We don't have the entire quantity in terms of EC Grade 2, I would say, but we 
are doing at the maximum that we can. Frankly speaking, this is not a product 
that we have made in two years' time, last year because we didn't export, we 
didn't manufacture it, and now that we're functioning on higher levels of 
operating efficiency, et cetera, we are trying to maximize it. So, let me leave you 
rest assured that while I can't comment on how much of it will be pure small 
crystal white sugar exports, we are certainly trying to maximize it and we will be 
manufacturing it through the course of the season. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
What exactly is the crushing number we are looking for Triveni and if considering 
the 2 lakh tonnes of export and the current quota, would we be able to do 11 
lakh tonnes of sugar sales volume for FY 23? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Let me just take the first portion of your question and say that as I had 
mentioned, we expect that there will be a 4% increase in sugar production for 
the state and Triveni will be substantially higher than that. A lot is dependent on 
weather. Let me be honest with you, for me to give you a projection right now, 
we were very conservative as you know. So, we will give you something that will 
consider some amount of inclement weather that's happening. 
 
But despite that, we are going to be substantially higher than the state average. 
At this particular point in time, we are unable to share a total crush number, but 
it will be a record number for us. So the second part of your question, I'll hand 
over to our CFO. 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
As Tarun has just now said that we have already contracted more than 50% of 
our quota. So obviously, this sale of sugar will take place in this fiscal year itself. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. Understood. And just if you can also quantify what exactly is the premium 
we get in the pharma sugar in terms of realization and margin? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Certainly, so depending on the grade of pharma sugar, we get anywhere 
between ₹ 2 and ₹ 4. 
 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay, understood. And do we hold on the distillery numbers or volume, which 
we mentioned last quarter, which is 18 crore litres for FY 23 and 25 crore litres 
for FY 24, if I'm not wrong? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
Yes, for this year, definitely 18 crore litres and for next year considering the new 
assets; from the existing assets, as we mentioned, what about 21 litres crore 
plus and from the new assets will be the remainder. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
I wanted to ask whether the recent ethanol pricing, which the Government has 
announced, because it's lower than what was expected, will it put any hindrance 
in the investments coming into the ethanol space by the industry and by the 
Company? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
A very good question, excellent question. I have to say that, yes, these price 
increases are muted. I think the industry has made representations to the 
Government in terms of what it requires, and nothing extraordinary, only to get 
a normalized rate of return. So, I do think that industry wide, there will certainly 
be an impact because the cost of funds for the industry as a whole is much 
higher than what the cost of funds of Triveni is. 
 
I appreciate that you've segregated the Company from the remainder of the 
industry. I do think that there is a negative impact. And I am sure the Government 
in its wisdom will revise it. As we know from last year, there was a midterm 
correction of prices. And so, I anticipate that the Government could very easily 
consider a midterm correction in order to further boost investments as we move 
towards E20 and beyond. 
 
As far as the Company is concerned, we had anticipated that something like this 
could very easily happen, it still meets our investment hurdle criteria. And so, we 
will be moving ahead, but we will be watching the situation closely. As you will 
remember that, we are investing in dual-feed facilities and therefore for our 
return, we would look at both grain as well as sugarcane and juice as alternatives 
and therefore, it gives us a little bit of an advantage in terms of meeting our 
return expectations.  
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Got it sir. The second question was, you have put up a standalone grain distillery 
which is quite different than the rest of the sugar industry, which is either going 
for a flex or avoiding this route. So, what are the prices for ENA that you're 
realizing currently and now that you have the expertise in the sector, would you 
like to expand more aggressively in the ENA segment? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
So, I presume you are talking about the grain based ENA. So, we have produced 
that, our quality has been approved, we are looking at opportunities at the 
current levels in both grain-based ENA and grain-based ethanol are giving us 
the same margins and we have the flexibility of switching to production of either 
of them to 50% of the capacity of this plant. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay sir, so any expansions in this direction? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I think we will look at it, the grain prices have yet to be announced as and when 
the OMCs announce the new revised grain prices, we will have a look at those 
prices as well and look at investment decisions but those have to first go to the 
Board. So, at this particular point, I will say there is nothing contemplating, the 
Board will have to evaluate these proposals first. 
 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Got it sir. And just a clarification on your previous comment. So grain ENA prices 
and ethanol prices are the same in the state of UP? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, not prices, margin. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay sir, could you quantify the prices please? 
 
Sameer Sinha : 
Well, it depends on a landed price of let's say for this on 18% GST although a 
large number of organizations are charging VAT at 5%. But if we are looking at 
18% GST which we believe is the correct way of taxation going forward, the 
numbers are anywhere between ₹ 62 to ₹ 64 landed ex-factory for the 
consumers situated in UP and you can work it backwards. And GST on this is 
18%, ethanol is 5%. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Hi sir, thanks for taking my question. I had a bookkeeping question. You have 
quantified the way the real figure is approximately ₹ 5 crore. What is the impact 
of the levy molasses increase in the quarter in terms of one-time impact? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Yes, that impact is in the region over ₹ 5 crore to ₹ 6 crore which is a 2% 
reservation of molasses. And as far as the wage  arrears are concerned, let me 
clarify that most of the provision was made before in the financial year 2021-22. 
And as a result of the notification, incremental provision of about ₹ 5 crore was 
made in the quarter. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And what is the impact going forward on annual basis of both the one-time, the 
wages as well as the levy molasses, the annual impact? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
The wage is over. But that was a chapter now, now, it has become a part of the 
recurring cost basically, because this arrear was right from 2018 onwards. Now, 
as far as the reservation of molasses is concerned, it keeps on changing every 
year. So, there would be a molasses policy for this year, which will define what 
the reservations are going to be. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And the current is from 18% to 20% so what is the analyzed impact of this? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Incremental impact has an impact of ₹ 5 crore, if you want the total impact, we 
can give you the figure offline, on a comparative basis. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yes please. Because you would have to make provision for the last three 
quarters right? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
You don't make provisions for it, because you are selling it at that particular 
price.  
 
Suresh Taneja: 
You don't need to make a provision depending upon what you have bifurcation 
between levy molasses and free molasses are. You value your stocks 
accordingly. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. Got it. It's more like an opportunity loss in terms of lack of sales of ethanol. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Correct. That is exactly correct. That's the way that we treat it. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right sir. And my second question was, regarding the buyback, what is the 
timeframe proposal to buyback? 
 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Timeframe is immediate. So, we will be going to our shareholders in the very 
near future. We're hoping to complete this entire arrangement by January. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
By January, so around three months, is that correct? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, well, we're already sort of well into November. I would say, look at 10 weeks 
or so. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
On the balance fund, basically we still some amount of debt on our books to 
retire some debt or what do we do with the rest of the cash? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So you know, I mentioned earlier our cost of debt is 5.18%. It is quite low. In 
fact, our debt numbers are also declining quarter-on-quarter, any way that you 
would like to cut it, or evaluate it. We will not be using these proceeds to retire 
debt, per se. That's the answer to the question. And in terms of any other things 
to do with the funds. The Board will contemplate that in the future. And I'll get 
back to you once we've had that discussion at the Board level. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
I see your results for the half year, the average per liter in the Distillery segment 
is about 11.4. Now, with the prices going up in the ethanol, where do we see 
this? And  the mix now is coming from grain as well as juice, where do we see 
this EBIT margin or EBIT per liter in the Distillery segment? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
So, let me take the second question first. The second part of it. Most of the 
increase in our results will be coming in from increase in grain ethanol. And if 
we find juice viable only, then we'll be doing juice. So, to that extent, it will pull 
down the EBIT numbers a little bit from what we are getting right now. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
So, to quantify it and right now in the first half is 11.4. Now if we mix more than 
grain, so it might come down to let's say 9.5 or 10? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
Well, first of all, I'm not too sure if these are the EBIT numbers, these would 
include the excise fees of IMIL on that.  
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
But if you see grains just in a nutshell, grains was utilized in the offseason as we 
look forward to H2, the EBIT numbers will rise because we will be using B-heavy 
molasses. So, the EBIT numbers for the remainder of the year will be at a higher 
percentage level, because there will be more B-heavy molasses used and no 
juice that was used in Q1 and limited amounts of grain. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, on a total financial year or sugar year, what would be our mix of B-heavy 
juice and grain? What are we aiming at? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I'm afraid that is something that we look at opportunistically, because we have 
that ability. So it's very difficult for us to give you any forward-looking estimates 
of how we would split that up. Because we have the ability to be able to change 
between the different feedstocks. It is a very nimble change, a decision-making 
process that happens from time-to-time. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
Okay sir. And my last question is on the industry, we see that in a next year. 
This year, we are diverting about 4.5 million tonnes. And with the current 
acreage also increasing do you feel like 6 million tonnes that ISMA is projecting 
for the next season year diversion? Do we break that maybe 7 or 7.5 million 
tonnes diversion? 
 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, see for even 6 million tonnes diversion you need to have the distillery 
capacity in place. So, I think that as present ethanol prices from juice, you are 
not going to see the same amount of distillery capacity come up. You are going 
to see it come up from some of the larger players that is envisaged, but in terms 
of fresh incremental capacity to take us beyond 6 million tonnes. I don't see that 
happening unless we have a revision in ethanol prices. Even reaching 6 million 
tonne is going to be a challenge. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
Okay. And even if we reach 6 million tonnes diversion, what could be our  
blending percentage right now that given 10%. Where do we stand as if we divert 
6 million tonnes. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, you can do the math with 15-16% what you would get, because you have 
some contribution coming from grain. You see previously, the Government had 
looked at 1,000 crore liter and said 6 million tonnes should come from sugarcane 
to meet the E20 number at 1,000 crore liter. However, E20 now is being looked 
at with 1,300 and 1,400 crore liters. My personal view on this is not just look at 
one year forward, but look at a few years forward, I believe that the sugar 
industry can easily divert 10 million tonnes of sugar towards the ethanol lending 
program. So, it is not just towards E20, but it is beyond E20 as well. And this is 
a number, given the type of productivity levels that we have in the industry today 
that can easily be met. Now, there's two things to consider over here. The first 
thing of course is the willingness for the industry, which I think is very high. Of 
course, the discussion of prices still exists. 
 
The second and vital element is that I am not talking about farm productivity 
levels. My fundamental view is that there is a lot of scope in the medium term to 
enhance sugarcane yields. Speaking just for Uttar Pradesh, there is tremendous 
possibility for work to be done and the fruits of that will come, it doesn't come in 
one year. It comes in a couple of years. But there's tremendous possibility to 
enhance farm yields. And that will lead to higher availability, which means that 
there is more surplus to be diverted towards ethanol as we go forward. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
And surplus is to be diverted, or I feel that your sugarcane juice ethanol process 
too has to be enhanced substantially again. Further enhancement is required? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
That's what I said. I left the sugarcane price point aside, because it is the key 
point. The industry does believe and I do believe that the prices are low, and 
they will not attract additional investment at this price. Because it is not just about 
Triveni setting up distilleries, it's about the rest of the country setting up 
distilleries, because ethanol has to go far and wide across our nation. And it's 
important that we have other participants also in this mix. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir a couple of questions from my side. One is outlook on domestic prices for 
the remainder of the year. You said that second quarter rates were disappointing 
and there has been some uptake, the uptake is by and large, because of festive 
season and across the industry level volume inventory levels so low. So how do 
you see for the remainder of the year and for next year as well? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yes, so if I look at the next 11 months, basically after the end of the sugar year, 
I actually am quite buoyant about these levels. And I will tell you exactly why. I 
think the Government has made its intention very clear that it is going to be 
evacuating the sugar. So, the first step was the announcement of the 6 million 
tonnes of export. The next thing I do believe is that in a timely manner, the 
Government will come up with other tranches for exports, ensuring that our 
closing balance is there about similar to what our opening balance was. Given 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
that, at this particular point in time, I think that augurs very well for the industry 
and there was in the last quarter and even potentially, in the first half of this fiscal 
year, some amount of skepticism that will the Government actually ensure the 
evacuation of the sugar, now that that uncertainty to a large part has been 
cleared, I do believe that we will come to a slightly higher sugar pricing levels as 
we move forward. Now, with slightly higher, I mean two odd percent, broadly 
speaking. And this will definitely be better than the previous 12 months. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. And so primarily, the rates were not higher because of the skepticism in 
the system per se, because that is a reason for the skepticism. Is that right? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
That is my explanation for Q2, that there was a certain amount of skepticism. 
There was a concern that will the policy get announced how will it be 
announced? What is the format that the Government will use last year, if you 
remember, it was Open General License (OGL). This year it is Maximum 
Admissible Export Quantity (MAEQ). So, there were important questions that 
needs to be answered. I think the Government in a timely manner has taken 
care of those concerns and issues. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. Second question is on the expansion front. Can you little bit elaborate the 
timeline of the 450 KLPD is it expected by first quarter FY 25 and the volume we 
can achieve in FY 25? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
In terms of production, I think we have seen some stability in metal price 
increases. So, these are good times in terms of placing orders, etc. And we are 
progressing with executing these projects during fiscal '24, towards the end of 
fiscal '24. And therefore, for 100% production to come to place it will be in the 
subsequent fiscal year, you are absolutely right in that observation. 
 
In terms of total spirit production from 1,110 KLPD, on an annualized basis, it 
would be…  
 
Sameer Sinha:  
We have already mentioned about FY 24, that we should be doing 21 crore litres 
from the existing assets, plus the assets coming onstream in the last quarter that 
could get added on to it. And therefore definitely in FY 25, we should be looking 
at 31-32 crore liters. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay sir. Sir last question from my side. I believe promoters will be fully 
participating in the buyback of shares or it's a partial participation in the 
buyback? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
That's right. Promoters will be participating. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Resham Jain: 
So first of all, I think, congratulations to the management for doing this unlocking 
of stake sale from Triveni Turbine, and also doing buyback along with it. I think 
very few Indian companies have been able to unlock value like this. So, 
congratulations to the whole team. Sir, I have a couple of questions. First one is 
you mentioned in your opening remarks that the export realization has been 
much better right now and you have contracted also for the same. Is the margins 
for that relatively better than the ethanol business also? Or how should one think 
about it? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So Resham, let me firstly, thank you for your very complimentary words. To 
answer your question, yes. The profit margins on a percentage basis are 
certainly, why we are not disclosing what the contracted values are, whatever 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
we have contracted are at margins that are better than our distributors as well, 
of course. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Got it. So, the second question is on the gear business -- industrial gear 
business. So there, you have announced a CapEx in the last quarter, and which 
will get commissioned maybe in the next one year or so. So how should one 
think about this division, it did around ₹ 200 odd crore of revenue. So let's say 
three years, four years out what kind of revenue one should look at from this 
specific investment, which you have done? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So Resham, there's two parts to that question. Let me take the second part first. 
Typically, we don't give forward looking guidance. So it's tough to say, but the 
business is performing very well. Our clients are very happy with us. The new 
business opportunities that we have approached are bearing immediate fruit in 
terms of order booking and revenue recognition. The ₹ 80 crore CapEx that we 
have announced, will be executed in the very near future. It includes the 
establishment of a new facility in Mysore as well, plus a brand-new aftermarket 
service bay in our existing facility, which we will ensure that we will be able to 
actually do aftermarket businesses, about 40% of our total business are very 
high margin. It will give us the opportunity to expand that business and also to 
increase the speed, which has a direct impact on the sale value of all 
aftermarket. 
 
So, from that perspective, this CapEx will allow us to expand. It will allow us to 
meet our short and medium-term requirements. It will also allow us to create 
new business opportunities as this gets rolled out. As far as the business is 
concerned, I think we are looking at very healthy and respectable growth and 
that is evident in our order bookings, as it increases. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of the Nimis Sheth from GT Advisory. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Nimis Sheth: 
Good afternoon, sir. Just a follow-up question on the ₹ 460 crore CapEx, the two 
new distilleries. Basically, you have indicated that you have not yet placed the 
orders for the plant and machinery that you are in the process. So in that case, 
will the distilleries be up and running in the next 12 months? In time for sugar 
season or ethanol season, 2023-24? Not looking at the 100% utilization, I am 
saying will they be up and running? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yes. Let me just answer your question by giving you our past experience. The 
two distilleries that we had established was set up from the goal date in a period 
of nine to 10 months. 
 
Nimis Sheth: 
Okay. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
And so, we have those engineering capabilities. And plus, we are not reinventing 
a model. All of our plants are the same sort of cookie cutter model. And so, from 
an engineering and design perspective and working with vendors, we are 
acutely aware of who we have to work with and what capabilities are. So I think, 
because we are not setting up something that is 3x the size, or 5x the size, or 
half the size, something that is odd in terms of engineering, both the internal 
team, our consultants, and potentially new vendors, because we will be looking 
far and wide in terms of who will be replacing these orders to those who will be 
able to execute on time. And I think because we've moved away from the vast 
amount of vacillation that we had in metal prices, people are offering more 
realistic delivery dates. 
 
Nimis Sheth: 
Wonderful. Congratulations. All the best for the coming years. Thank you. 
 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Yeah. Good afternoon, sir. I just have one question. Sir do you see any 
probability of Government increasing the sugar Minimum Selling Price (MSP) in 
the coming months? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I would hope that they would. But the industry association has made continuous 
representations to increase the MSP. I don't know if it's on the cards to be 
perfectly honest. Frankly speaking, I think the industry has actually managed 
quite well with the existing MSP. Although we would want that backstop. We 
would want that price to increase. Whether it will or not, is still a very open 
question mark. But to have prices that prevail at higher levels than MSP is 
something that has been proven for the last 30 months. 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Okay. Got your point sir. Thanks. That was my only question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us for Q2 fiscal '23 
results for Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited. I look forward to speaking 
to you in approximately three months' time when we are about halfway through 
the course of this historic sugar season, where India produces the largest 
quantum of sugar and potentially Triveni produces the largest amount of sugar 
in our history. 
 
It is an exciting time for our distillery business and it is an extremely exciting time 
for our engineering businesses as well as we come up towards Q3 and Q4. And 
the future does look very bright. So, thank you very much. I look forward to 
speaking to in January. Goodbye. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Engineering that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity. Although efforts have been made to ensure 
a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event, but should not be treated as an 
authoritative record. 
