  
™ 
ORE 
TO METAL 
SMEL/SE/2022-23/52 
November 15, 2022 
  
 
The Manager — Listing Department 
The Secretary, 
_ 
| National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Listing Department, BSE Limited 
Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra 
Maharashtra, India 
(East), Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, 
Scrip Code: 543299 
India 
Symbol: SHYAMMETL 
 
 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of the conference call for Un-audited (standalone and 
consolidated) 
Financial Results for the Quarter and 
Half Year 
Ended 30th September, 2022 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015, we forward herewith the transcript of the conference call with investors and 
analysts held on Thursday, 10° November, 2022 for the un-audited (standalone 
and consolidated) financial result of the company for the quarter and half year 
ended 30th September, 2022. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
For Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
  
  
OUR BRANDS: 
; 
er 
IGE! 
RTIGER 
EI 
SitiGeER 
Sirigen 
(Sréie) 
Shriger 
  
SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
REG. OFFICE: Trinity Tower. 7th Floor, 83, Topsia Road, Kolkata - 700 046, West Bengal, CiN\: L40101WB2002PLC095491 GST\)\: ISAAHCS5842A2ZD 
SALES & MARKETING OFFICE: Viswakarma Building, North West Block, ist, 2nd & 3rd Floor, 86C, Topsia Road, Kolkata - 700 046 
T+ 491 33 4016 4001 F: 491 33 4016 4025 Email: contact@shyamgroup.com \/eb: www.shyammetalics.com Follow uson: fi @ © & 
  
elt var sai 
Ate 
ley es 
meals 
Sy ee Te 
mR 
aU) 
Wire Rods 
TMT & Structurals 
PATTEM)

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited Q2 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BRIJ BHUSHAN AGARWAL – VICE-CHAIRMAN 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. DEEPAK KUMAR AGARWAL - DIRECTOR 
(FINANCE) 
MR. TRILOCHAN SHARMA – HEAD (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS) 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited Q2 FY 23 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Trilochan Sharma from Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Trilochan Sharma: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for connecting with us on our second quarter 
and first half year financial results. On behalf of Shyam Metalics, I am delighted to welcome 
you all on this call, particularly our shareholders and our industry analysts. Thank you for taking 
the time to discuss our Q2 and H1 financial 23 earnings. Our results and a detailed investor 
presentation have been uploaded on the website. I hope everyone had a chance to go through it. 
To discuss our results, we have with us our Vice Chairman and Managing Director Sri Brij 
Bhushan Agarwal and our Director Finance Sri Deepak Kumar Agarwal. They will take you 
through our results and then we will proceed for the question and answer session. Before we 
proceed formally, a disclaimer: this conference call may contain some forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. The actual results may differ materially. These statements 
are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult 
to predict. A detailed safe harbor statement is available on page number two of the company 
investor presentation. Now, I would like to hand over the call to our Director Finance Sri Deepak 
Kumar Agarwal. Over to you sir. 
Deepak Kumar Agarwal: 
Thank you Trilochan, a very good afternoon to all the participants and thank you for joining us 
on the call. I will give a quick review of the reported consolidated financial for the quarter under 
review and for the first half of the current financial year. 
On a consolidated basis, the company for the second quarter of the current financial year reported 
a revenue of Rs.3085 crores, growth of 24% over the last year of quarter two. We have been able 
to sell higher percentage of volume sales of finished Steel has enabled the company to overcome 
the rise in the input cost and also decline to the finished Steel prices. As a result, our EBITDA 
for the second quarter of the current financial year on a consolidated basis is Rs.243 crores, a 
decline of 61% over the last quarter two of the last financial year. 
Just to drive over the point an increase in the raw material cost to operating revenue by 860 bps 
in quarter two of the current financial year over quarter one of the current financial year. With 
added increase in the other expenses to operating revenue by 200 bps in the quarter two of the 
current financial year over the quarter one of the current financial year, has led to the decline. 
This is the basic reason why our EBITDA has been declined from the quarter one of the 
corresponding quarter. 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
In spite of the headwinds, we have reported a subdued PAT of Rs.110.9 crores in the quarter two 
of the current financial year on the back of a very strong balance sheet with very low leverage 
of our company. 
Now, I will quickly review the first half of the financial: 
For the first half of the current financial year, we reported revenue of Rs.6,308 crores with a 
growth of 27% over the last first half year. In terms of revenue mix, the higher value-added 
segment accounted for 41.32% of the first half of the current financial year revenue as against 
33.5% in the first half of the last financial year. For the first half of the current financial year, 
we reported an EBITDA of Rs.850 crores which is declined 35% over the last first half of the 
last financial year. In the first half of the last financial year, we reported an EBITDA margin of 
26.3% and we achieved the EBITDA margin of 13.5% in the first half of the current financial 
year. 
As we are focused on improving the product mix, the improvement to realization, operational 
efficiency and cost optimization and rationalization  efforts enabled the company to still report 
net profit of Rs.524.8 crores in the first half of the current financial year which is declined 39.6% 
over the last first half of the last financial year. 
We achieved a good improvement to our working capital days for the first half of the current 
financial year, our working capital days were at 30 days as against the 44 days at the end of the 
last financial year. At all point of time our gross debt to equity has remained below 0.5x to the 
total equity. If you see the growth debt to the equity which was at 0.09x at the end of the financial 
year 2022 is now at 0.12x to at the end of the first half of the current financial year. Our gross 
debt to equity stands at 0.12x of the equity and the net debt level we are cash positive with a 
current reported cash equivalent of Rs.1,648 crores as against the gross debt of Rs.841 crores. 
In the gross debt of Rs.841 crores which includes the debt of Rs.166 crores towards the debt 
taken for acquisition of Ramsarup and that the share has been the non-controlling partners’ debt. 
From the cashflow statement, you can make out in the first half of the current financial year; we 
incurred a capital expenditure of Rs.690 crores for ongoing brown field expansion and against 
the Rs.1,071.42 crores in the last financial year. 
From the net cashflow from the operating activity, we have derived / generating the Rs.1,159 
crores in the first half of the current financial year, whereas we incurred Rs.99 crores towards 
the other capital acquisition expenditure, which was mainly for under GPWIS, wagon scheme 
for government where we get the benefit of 10% on our logistics costs and also as the same is 
owned by the company’s availability of that can be planned much better in the current scenario. 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
I would like to further explain the depiction sale of Ramsarup acquisition in the cashflow 
statement of the company. The breakup of purchase of plant and machinery (net) figure of 
Rs.2,130.88 crores is as follows. Out of this Rs.2,130.88 crores, Rs.1,330 crores is for the 
Ramsarup acquisition asset value, consider net of depreciation and Rs.690 crores towards the 
existing brown field CAPEX and Rs.99 crores towards other CAPEX in the company. As 
explained about, we have acquired the asset worth Rs.1,330 crores of Ramsarup at a 
consideration value of Rs.387.62 crores where the capital reserve of Rs.942 crores has been 
created for which Rs.558.09 crores shown as acquisition for subsidiary to be read as portion of 
our capital reserve being 60% share in the same and the balance is shown as Rs.384.50 crores 
for adjustment of a non-controlling interest of a joint venture partner being 40% their share.  
Our strategy has always been to incur the capital expenditure in a smaller doses in piecemeal to 
ensure that the balance sheet is never stretched. All point of time, we closely monitor the liquidity 
solvency and capital efficiency ratio. 
we would further like to update the floor on the resignation of the Sri S.K. Dujari who has 
relinquished his post as a CFO of the company for the personal reasons. In this regard, I would 
like to also share our thought that Mr. Dujari had attained the age of 58 years and his health 
condition was not too well in the past few months and he has served the company well over the 
past 16 years and was elevated and appointed as a CFO of the company in the financial year 
2016. We wish him the very best and he continued to guide our company on a need-based basis 
and he is always available till his responsibilities are handed over in the seamless manner to the 
incumbent CFO to be appointed.  
I would like to assure you that the company sustained the healthy financial risk profile despite 
pursuing capital expenditure plan for the remaining Rs.1,731 crores which will be incurred over 
a period of three years added by an internal cash generation and sufficient liquid surpluses which 
will ensure. We take only limited debt in the event of any fund flow mismatch just to reiterate 
most of the expenses are in the form of improvement to our existing facility and an organic 
expansion. We are enhancing our pallet capacity from 3.6 million tons to 6 million tons and also 
increasing the sponge iron capacity from 2.1 million tons to 2.9 million tons. We have already 
enhanced our steel billet capacity from 0.9 million tons to 1.47 million tons and shall reach to 2 
million tons in the current financial year. As far as TMT structure and long product is concerned, 
we have already enhanced our capacity from 0.8 million tons to 1.47 million tons and will reach 
2 million tons in the current financial year.  
I would like to assume that the bank in limit utilization at the consolidated level is expected to 
be remain moderate even going forward also. The annual cash accrual should suffice for the 
capital expenditure requirement and debt repayment. For the first time in the last six quarters, 
we have not declared an interim dividend per share, but we hope that we will definitely distribute 
the dividend as per our dividend policy where we have already implemented our policy. Our 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
policy is that the capital allocation policy where our 10% of our total capital generation will be 
distributed to the shareholder in the form of dividend.  
Now, I conclude my portion of the speech and I would request our MD sir to please take over. 
Over to you sir. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you Deepak, thank you Trilochan, a very good afternoon to all of the participants and 
thank you for joining us on the call to discuss our second quarter and first half of FY 2023 
financial and business performance. 
I would like to begin the call with a brief interview of the financials and followed by the 
operational performance and strategic initiative. After that, I will hand over the call to our 
Executive Director, Deepak Agarwal, to discuss the financial performance and in more the 
greater detail, if so required. While we saw a sharp rebound in business economic picking up the 
pace and the recent geopolitical tension in Europe and multi decade high inflation across the 
world have presented new challenges. India is among the second country where the steel 
production has grown as against the steel production cut in China and the rest of the world. 
Despite the global headwind, the Indian economy is well paced to exploit long-term 
opportunities represented by the realignment in the global supply chain. 
Your company, Shyam Metalics, our business model is most insulated from the threat of import 
as we have minimized exposure to the huge fluctuation of the Forex in import of the cooking 
coal prices. This has been generally facilitated in the consistent performance of our operations. 
We as a management has always endeavored to have a very diversified product basket, to have 
a stable range in our performance, but this quarter is more challenging than usual and we accept 
it as an aberration. We are confident of emerging from these near-term challenges stronger than 
before. 
To curb inflation, the government has focused on bringing the cost of the steel down by imposing 
the import duty. This led to the reduction, realization of the steel prices by almost 6% over the 
previous quarter. In terms of specialty alloy, the average realization has gone down by 18.3%. 
This weak, realization for pallet too continued as they were down by 26% quarter after quarter. 
Moreover, the cost of energy one of the key components in manufacture of the metal kept 
spiraling upwards going to the geopolitical situation and the crisis going to the supply chain 
logistic issues, especially in the power sector in the country. Though we never faced any issue 
of supply owing to the strategic location of our plants being close proximity to the coal belts. 
Our reported EBITDA for quarter is 7.9% almost 11% down over the previous quarter. Mostly 
in our industry, there is a lag effect of 45 days to 60 days therein during the period which increase 
the price of the raw material, the price of the finished product to increase and vice-versa. This 
time it was different where the cost of energy increased simultaneously and the realization was 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
lower. We did see a fall in iron ore prices for the present quarter providing some respite of the 
overall increase in the coal price by almost 25% for the quarter along with the decrease in the 
average realization, have saved over 6% of our margin. 3% of the margin decrease and ultimately 
to increase the raw material cost especially coal and 2% decrease in the margin due to the rise 
in the cost of electricity and power costs. For this first year, our unit cost of the power which 
was generally hovering around 2.15 units to have increased to around 2.48 per unit. 
We have been continuously growing our top-line on the back of the volume growth and better 
product mix and we have been continuing to implement our CAPEX enhanced new production 
facilities. We are also penetrating more and more on the B2C space in our long product business. 
Given the situation, we are pleased with our operating financial performance for quarter two FY 
2023. For quarter two, we have achieved the revenue of Rs.3,095 crores growth of 27% over the 
last second quarter. 
In terms of the revenue mix, I am glad to share the higher value segment which has comprised 
on the long product and B2 businesses account for 41% of Revenues as against 33.7% in Q2 
year-to-year performance. 
In terms of volume, the value-added segment has grown by 29% year-to-year for the quarter. 
Overall, our revenue from the steel product now contributes 68.14% to our revenue of H1 
FY2023 as against 57.17% as H1 FY2022. In the present quarter, 8% of the revenue come from 
the export but it is noteworthy that 15% of the export revenue have come from the sale of our 
new businesses of the aluminum foil product which gives us the confidence in our work ethics, 
capability of our team and stabilizing the new plant with the world class facility and the world 
class product. We will be able to sell 4,400 metric tons of aluminum foil products in HY FY2023 
and we should be seeing good traction and the business would soon be contributing handsomely 
to our top-line and bottom-line.  
We have a variety of specialty products which contributes to steady of our revenue. We shall 
soon be announcing the low carbon Ferro Alloy which is special offering and which shall further 
enrich and endure us to our customers further for the meeting another of their diversified and 
specialized requirements. With a range of quality structures products sold under the SEL Tiger 
brand, the company is in the product market and holds its pride of the place as the leading steel 
manufacturing company. Since the raw materials are manufactured in-house at our plant and we 
are able to produce higher value long product, in an efficient and cost-effective manner. At 
Shyam, we have a very disciplined capital allocation policy and the CAPEX expansion are met 
through internal accruals. We have negative net debt and we are a PAT positive company in 17 
years of our operation.  
Out of the plan CAPEX of Rs.3,950 crores, we have spent Rs.2,219 crores till September 2022 
and a capitalised of Rs.1,058 crores worth of plants. Till , the first half of 2023, we have incurred 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
a CAPEX of around Rs.690 crores. We are now almost 8.9 million tons of steel integrated facility 
with 3.6 million tons of pallet capacity, 2.1 million tons of sponge iron capacity, 1.47 million 
tons of billet making and 1.4 million tons of our finished steel capacity aided by 267 megawatt 
of power plants and captive railway sidings. We also have set up a state-of-the-art aluminum foil 
plant with a capacity of 4414 MT. 
Over H2 FY23 we should be commissioning over 90 megawatt CPP, some additional DRI 
facility, some billet facility and long product steel production facility. Our brown field expansion 
is ongoing and shall be implemented and completed as per schedule. We have taken control over 
Ramsarup in the previous quarter through examination of the existing plants and detailed study 
is being carried out at the plant side. 
Once our team is ready with the entire plan on both phase-wise implementation starting from 
the various products and various costs to be incurred thereof.  we shall share our shareholders 
the complete plan at that juncture where separate meeting to be conducted specially for the same. 
We keep investing in the new infrastructure at our plants and explore the opportunity to obtain 
synergies from the existing manufacturing facilities.  This enable us to keep our operating costs 
under control, which we believe is very essential for reporting profitable revenue. 
Before I conclude, I want to assure you that we from the management expect a healthy demand 
in H2 FY2023 in the steel industry. An increased contributions from recently added capacity 
along with the product diversity and a higher share of value-added product would drive the 
operating and the financial performance well into the current financial year. We are confident of 
emerging from these near-term challenges stronger than before. Our expansion plans are well on 
track. We will strive to grow holistically and generate value for our shareholders. With that I 
conclude my portion of the speech. 
Now, I call upon my team and my Executive Director Mr. Deepak Agarwal to take through all 
other financial information and would be ready to share all the questionary of our respected 
shareholders family. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Prashant Kumar Kota from Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kumar Kota: 
My question is regarding this quarter’s result but more inputting into the context what is 
happening, what has happened, etc. Sir, if you see over the last 10-15 years of closely tracking 
the sector, we have seen that companies of power size, historically without captive allocation of 
resources, etc. most of them have now ceased to exist. Now, Shyam is one of the few which has 
withstood all the cyclical volatility and because of its trading strategy with capital allocation of 
internal costs and allocation planning production, good product mix, the right technology, the 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
right skills strategy, after doing all this now we have become something and we are on the road 
to getting to big league. But, now even for such a good company with such a good track record 
what adverse government regulation can do is what we witness this quarter the steep fall in 
EBITDA per ton to just Rs.5000 per ton. After doing everything right also, this kind of regulation 
is hitting us hard. So how do you think about it? What do you plan to do, your thought? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
If we see the numbers where the correction has really happened has happened due to the 
correction in the finished market price, the sale realization has gone down. And we all know that 
now we are not talking at very normal demand supply issues, but it's more geopolitical, lot of 
disruptions is happening in the total eco-cycle. So, if you see all these things, is a very temporary 
phase foremost important is that we have to run our plant, we are able to sell the material because 
when we are running such a big conglomerate and it is a complete process driven from the iron 
ore to the final steel. The good combination and the timely combination and availability of the 
raw material, a good market and this is a time when we learn more and more and I feel this is a 
very temporary phase because we are all very optimistic that the government might withdraw 
export duty anytime. But still, I would not say that it is going to matter very big at this point of 
time because globally there is a huge correction in metal prices and the consumption worldwide, 
globally has come down because of the high inflation and other challenges. But these are all very 
temporary phase because for a country like India, we are not having this kind of a concern where 
the consumption is going to be affected. So, productivity there is a good volume growth quarter 
after quarter. From the last second quarter, there is a substantial volume growth. So, we have to 
remain very optimistic and since we are majorly on the long product businesses and if you see 
the growth in last 7-8 years has been always in the long product businesses. The flat product 
businesses growth has been very minimalistic in comparison with the long product and for a 
country like India a developing economy when we are working with 1.30 billion populations of 
the people. So, I do not see any point where consumption is going to be a challenge. But, yes 
there is a pressure from the raw material side, from the carbon side because of this Ukrainian 
disruption, in the time to come maybe once these things get settled, things will be resumed. 
Prashant Kumar Kota: 
The second question is more to do with the aluminum foil business that you have just started to 
ramp up volume. I know it is very early day what is the EBITDA percent that you would have 
generated in H1 and in steady state what do we aspire for? Of course, it could be volatile but 
what is … 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Average I can say, we are one of the companies, which has been able to create a penetration in 
the market by developing 5 and 5.5-6-microns thick aluminum foil, which is extremely niche 
and it is the most thinnest and the highest premium material which is very rarely available. 
Because all these technologies which we have installed, has installed from the world class 
technology suppliers and we have been able to stabilize. And today I can tell you from the foil 
whatever we are producing more than 75% is what we are able to export. In spite of the so many 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
quality issues, registrations, lot of approvals are required. Your company has been able to 
overcome all the challenges and have stabilized the product in the international market. From 
the EBITDA point of view, I would say on average this business must be generating an EBITDA 
of around Rs.40,000 on an average, I am saying between Rs.40,000-50,000 a ton.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Raj Ojha, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Raj Ojha:  
I have two questions. While going through the presentation, I noticed that our volumes and 
realization in iron products are down significantly. But, however, our core business of steel 
products is doing well with good volume on YoY basis. So, to avoid a hit on our margin of this 
magnitude what steps are we taking? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Presently, if you see if the sale prices go up, we get the better margin. What is under our control 
is the best process, the best marketing strategy and today since there is some kind of imbalance 
in the complete system from the global aspect but I would say we are very much dependent on 
the domestic coal. Number one, we are not dependent on the coking coal business. Number two, 
the long product growth is happening quarter after quarter. If you see the long product is such a 
product in our country, which has never been majorly on the construction side and all, it's been 
never exported. We are very much within that space and this is all we can do at this point of time 
by creating more and more penetration in the B2C space, number one. Number two, whatever 
capacity we have added, we have to ramp up to the extent of 90%-95% which we are targeting 
from this quarter onwards. We will be able to achieve more than 85%-90% of the new 
manufacturing facility. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Shetty from GB Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Shetty: 
My first question is how is the progress on aluminum foil business? It will be helpful if you 
share it. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
The aluminum foil plant has been commissioned. We have stabilized our product and we have 
established our product in the international market. Today, whatever we are producing more than 
70%-75% we are able to export in the best of the market of the USA and Europe. We are 
enhancing more and more market share. We are trying to tap more and more customers and I 
think by end of this year, we should be able to streamline everything as what we have been 
processing there. 
Tushar Shetty: 
What are our plans to grow this business? How would our order book be shaping and who might 
be our customers for the same? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
These are all the world best packaging companies in America and Europe who are dealing in the 
food product, who are dealing in the FMCG sector, who are dealing in the healthcare. These are 

 
Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
the companies who buy the product from us and they sell to the company who are very much in 
the health care business, in the food businesses and other specialty like industrial applications 
on the battery spaces and all they require foil, from the insulation point of view, these are the 
general end customers. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the floor back 
to Mr. Nachiket Kale from Orient Capital. Over to you, sir. 
Nachiket Kale: 
Thanks everybody for participating in today's concall. I would also like to thank the Management 
for taking their time off in this schedule. Orient Capital is the investor Relations advisor to 
Shyam Metalics. So, for any queries please feel free to connect. Contact details are already given 
in the presentation. Thanks, and have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shyam Metalics & Energy Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
