 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Listing Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
The Secretary 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
 
BSE Limited 
 Exchange Plaza, Plot No: C/1, G Block, 
 
 
PJ Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex- Bandra(E),  
 
 
Dalal Streets 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
Symbol: EMIL 
Series: EQ 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543626 
ISIN: INE02YR01019 
 
Subject: Disclosure of transcript of Earnings Conference Call for quarter ended 30th 
September 2022 held on 11th November 2022. 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that the transcript of earnings conference call held 
on 11th November 2022 to discuss the Unaudited financial Results for the quarter and half year 
ended on 30th September 2022. The same is available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.electronicsmartindia.com. 
We request you to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For and on behalf of Electronics Mart India Limited 
 
 
Rajiv Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Date: 15th November 2022 
Place: Hyderabad 
 
 
Rajiv 
Kumar
Digitally signed by 
Rajiv Kumar 
Date: 2022.11.15 
15:15:10 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Electronic Mart India Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
                         
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KARAN BAJAJ, CEO 
MR. PREMCHAND DEVARAKONDA – CFO 
MR. SREENIVASULU ETTA - DGM FINANCE 
MR NAVAKANTH GUTURI - DGM FINANCE 
MR. RAJIV KUMAR - CS AND CCO 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Electronic Mart 
India Limited conference call, hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock 
Brokers.  
 
It is my pleasure to introduce the management team of Electronic Mart 
India Limited, who are here with us to discuss the results. We have with 
us, Mr. Karan Bajaj, CEO; Mr. Premchand Devarakonda, CFO. Along 
with them, we also have Mr. Sreenivasulu Etta, DGM finance; Mr 
Navakanth Guturi, DGM finance; and Mr. Rajiv Kumar, CS and CO. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone 
phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bajaj for his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you. Go ahead. 
 
Karan Bajaj:  
So, I would like to thank everybody for joining the Q2 and H1 FY ’23 
earnings call for the company, and I would like to take a moment to 
provide you with a brief overview of the company. Electronics Mart is 
the fourth largest and one of the fastest growing consumer durable and 
electronics retailers in India. 
 
As of FY ‘21, we were the largest organized play in the southern region 
in revenue terms, and we operate our business activities across the 
major channels, that are, retail, wholesale and e-commerce. I will give 
a little brief on all the three channels and then we can move ahead. 
 
Retail is our main core business and we operate under two different 
store formats, the multi-brand store and the exclusive brand store. The 
multi-brand store offered multiple products under one single roof, 
where the customer’s experience enhanced for every individual 
branded product by arraying a wide range of electronic products under 
one roof and providing one-stop solution for all electronic needs. 
 
Our multi-brand stores are branded as Electronics Mart in the region of 
Delhi NCR and Bajaj Electronics in AP and Telangana. As of 
September 30, 2022, we operate over 100 plus MBOs, which include 
two specialized stores under the brand name Kitchen Stories, and 
Audio & Beyond which focuses on high-end kitchen appliances, and 
home cinema and networking solutions respectively. 
 
Our EBOs, our exclusive brand outlets, which showcase products 
manufactured by the top manufacturers like Apple, LG and Samsung. 
As of September 30, we operate around 12 exclusive brand outlets. 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Our store offers a wide, diverse range of products for large appliances 
like air conditioners, televisions, washing machines, refrigerators,  
mobile phones and small appliances, IT and other product categories. 
We display over 6000 plus SKUs ranging from different 70 consumer 
durable and electronics brands. 
 
Our local market knowledge, careful product assortment, supply chain 
efficiencies, coupled with efficient customer service has enabled us in 
providing our customers with electronic products at a competitive price 
with easy EMIs and a wide range of products to shop from and 
handpick the products best suited to their needs. 
 
Our wholesale division is a limited division where we've seen that we 
over a period of time supplied to individuals, small mom-n-pop stores 
across the region of AP and Telangana. This helps us to liquidate the 
stocks as well. So that is a channel where we are available across 200 
plus mom-n-pop stores in the region of AP and Telangana. 
 
Our e-commerce business is a function of our extension of a business, 
where we are present on the top marketplaces in the country, where 
we have selected SKUs that we list and sell. We are associated with 
the largest domestic and international players there to expand our 
business reach from brick-and-mortar retail stores to e-commerce 
platform, where we sell selected SKUs, around 200 SKUs compared to 
6000 SKUs that we offer in the offline space. 
 
One important point that I would like to make a note is the seasonality 
of our business. Our business depends on two major seasons, one is 
the festival season, that is the Dussehra and Diwali period, which is 
usually covered in the Q3 period and the summer season, which is 
usually covered in the Q1 period. So, there are two major seasons that 
see growth in our business and see an increase inour business during 
this period. 
 
Our results across quarters in our financial year may vary and may not 
be comparable to each quarter as the two major quarters like Q1 and 
Q3 are heavy on the sales due to the festive season and are not an 
indicator of our annual financial results. 
 
A little brief on the NCR, currently, as on 30 September, we operate 
around eight stores in the Delhi NCR region. We will continue to follow 
our cluster-based approach for expansion to deepen our roots and 
make our presence longer in that region. This enables us to identify 
and grow our brands there as well. The market segmentation, the 
customer demand preference is little different than the existing market 
that we operate in and the efficiencies that we have in terms of our 
cluster-based approach that has worked really well for us in the past as 
well is what we want to go on with in the future as well. 
 
The strategy would remain the same for the region as well. And I would 
like to just put a little flavor there, that it's just the beginning there for us 
and we feel that it's going to stabilize quite soon in the next few coming 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
quarters as we expand and grow our roots in that region. We started 
our operation on the 14th August in the Delhi NCR with eight stores. 
 
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Premchand Devarakonda, CFO 
and he'll take you along to the financial results for the quarter and the 
half year for FY ‘23. Thank you. 
 
Premchand Devarakonda: 
Thank you, Karan sir, and good evening, everyone. I thank each one of 
you for joining the call. At the outset, I wish you and your family a 
belated Happy Diwali and a Prosperous New Year. 
 
Before I speak about our quarterly results, I would like to reemphasize 
that the second quarter is always an unseasonal quarter in our 
industry. With this brief preamble, I am pleased to announce that our 
company has delivered revenue from operations of INR 12,277 million, 
with a growth of 33% over the same quarter last year. These revenues 
are generated through three channels, namely, retail, wholesale and 
online. 
 
Retail revenue, which comprises the sale from our MBOs and EBOs 
generated INR 11,105 million during the quarter, with a growth of 
30.2% over the same quarter last year. 
 
Our wholesale revenue, which is B2B sales, to single-store retailers in 
AP and Telangana state, delivered INR 92 million during the quarter. 
 
Our online revenue has been INR 21 million during the quarter. 
 
While all other operating income comprising incentives, commissions, 
etc., delivered about INR 1,050 million. Our EBITDA stood at INR 753 
million, which is up by approximately 8% over the same quarter last 
year, with EBITDA margin of 6.1% versus 7.5% in Q2 of FY ‘22. 
 
We have opened about 8 stores in this quarter in NCR. In line with our 
strategy to expand in this region, we carried out a marketing campaign 
in a decent way to create our brand image. In this process, we have 
invested in advertising and marketing activities, which has marginally 
impacted our profitability for the quarter. 
 
Now moving on to H1 results, our company has delivered revenue from 
operations of INR 26,362 million, with a growth of 39.4% over the H1 
last year. This has been our highest half-yearly sales since inception. It 
was mainly because the majority of stores operationalized through the 
pandemic period. 
 
At this juncture, I would like to provide a little colour on our operations. 
Bill cuts have increased by approximately 29% to INR 1.44 million 
compared to H1 last year. Our average ticket size increased 
approximately by 9% over H1 last year, and our same store growth rate 
stands at 31.6% for H1’23, which is an indication of normalcy post-
pandemic. 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
During the half year, our retail revenue delivered has been INR 23,832 
million, growth of 40.7% over the same period of last year backed by 
strong growth in our summer season sales. 
 
Our wholesale revenue has delivered INR 294 million, and online 
revenue has been INR 175 million while our other operating income 
has been 2,021 million. 
 
Our EBITDA stood at INR 1,724 million, up by 36.6% when compared 
to the corresponding period of the last year, and EBITDA margin at 
6.5% versus 6.8% in H1 of FY ‘22. 
 
As I mentioned earlier, the investments in advertising and marketing in 
NCR in the Q2 of the current financial year had an impact on our 
margins and in the current quarter, which has been offset by the strong 
Q1 performance of the current year. 
 
Our PAT stood at INR 648 million for H1 of FY ‘23, with a growth of 
58.6% as compared to that of the last year, while the PAT margin was 
2.5% during the current H1 versus 2.2% of the first half of the previous 
year. 
 
With this, I conclude and hand over to the operator to open the line for 
questions and answers. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and ‘1’ on 
their touch-tone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested 
to only use handsets while asking a question. 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. We have a question from the line of Tushar from 
Ventura. Please go ahead. 
 
Tushar Pendharkar: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. First one, how 
much was the commission and incentive income in H1 FY ’23? 
 
Premchand Devarakonda: 
INR 2,021 million. 
 
Tushar Pendharkar: 
 
Okay. Sir, how much? 
 
Premchand Devarakonda: 
INR 2,021 million compared to INR 1,078 million of H1 of the last year. 
This year, FY’23 H1, it was INR 2,021 million. 
 
Tushar Pendharkar: 
INR 2,021 million. Okay. And sir, the next question is how much hike 
have we taken in Q3 to pass on the rise in raw material costs because 
that has impacted the margin? 
 
Premchand Devarakonda: 
First of all, there was no direct impact of the rise of raw material during 
that quarter because the H1 usually, would consist of Q1 and Q2, and 
Q1 would be for summer products like ACs and air coolers, for which 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
we have a plan of already preempting the stocks as early as Q3 of last 
year. So, we didn't see a major hike in price as such. 
 
Tushar Pendharkar: 
Okay. And sir, the third question is on the long-term borrowings, our 
long-term borrowings have increased from INR 144 crore in Q1 FY ‘23 
to INR 167 crore. Means we have decided to repay the debt. So, how 
much would be the tentative long-term borrowing at the end of FY ‘23? 
 
Premchand Devarakonda: 
Out of this, as on date, we have already prepaid a long-term debt to the 
tune of INR 60 crore and the remaining debt will remain in our book in 
FY ‘23 because we want to continue with the existing term loans. as of 
now, we don't have any plans to repay these term loans.  
 
Tushar Pendharkar: 
Okay. And sir, last question is on the capex. Our H1 capex was around 
INR200 crore. So, can we take the full year capex of 400 crore for FY 
’23? 
 
Premchand Devarakonda: 
Sir, it will not be in the same proportion because in FY ’23, in H1, we 
had invested in acquisition of properties in NCR because we are new to 
that territory. that is to showcase our long-term plans too. For that 
purpose, we had to invest in the acquisition of assets, but this is not 
going to be the scenario in future. In future or whatever, our capex will 
be only towards improving the leasehold premises and it will not be in 
the same proportion. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nirav Vasa from 
Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers. Please go ahead. 
 
Nirav Vasa: 
Hello, sir, would it be possible for you to run through the store 
expansion strategy in second half of the financial year? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir, in the first half, we opened another eight stores in Delhi NCR as 
a region as of September. So, right now, the plan is to open few more 
stores as was projected and this would be in the region of Delhi NCR 
as well as in AP and Telangana with majority of the stores being 
multiband stores and few of them selected exclusive brand outlets as 
well. 
 
Nirav Vasa:  
Okay. Got it sir. So, sir, end of second quarter FY ‘23, would it be 
possible for you to give a breakup of the stores that we own and the 
stores which are there on lease? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Breakup of stores, sure sir, as we talk, we've got 93 stores leased by 
the company and 11 are completely owned by the company and eight 
stores are partly owned, partly leased. 
 
Nirav Vasa: 
 
 
Alright. 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
It was across AP, Telangana, and Delhi NCR. 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Nirav Vasa: 
Right sir. Would it be possible for you to give the same data for the 
Delhi foray? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir, Delhi, out of the eight stores that we have launched, there are 
seven stores that we own, out of which two stores are ready to get 
launched. So of the eight stores that we have launched on August 14 of 
‘2, seven stores are in the books of the company and the rest of them 
are leases. 
 
Nirav Vasa: 
Effectively would it be right to say that additionally whatever stores we 
are going to add would be mainly on the lease – leased basis? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. So for now -- right now, whatever we are expanding within Delhi 
NCR because acquisition is completed for the prime market that we 
wanted to pick up the stores in. So the most of the stores that we are 
now signing are going to be -- majority of them are going to be leased 
out, sir. 
 
Nirav Vasa: 
Would it be possible for you to share some color as to how was the 
Diwali sales? Any broad color that you'd like to share? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Right, sir. Diwali definitely was -- this is one of the few years after the 
pandemic, where we were able to perform without restrictions. And it 
was in line with our expectations and so definitely give a flavor in the 
next quarter and would support us for our annual numbers as well. 
 
Nirav Vasa:  
Right. Sir, I understand it could be a bit early to ask, but how does the 
summer season outlook look for you? I understand it’s a bit early, but 
you can give any color. 
 
Karan Bajaj:  
You want to complete your question? 
 
Nirav Vasa:  
No. I’m done. 
 
Karan Bajaj:  
So, sir looking at the Q1 summer this year, we were quite confident that 
Diwali was also on track with us. So in Q1 next year for summer, 
definitely, we are geared up for it in terms of the plans that we would 
have in terms of marketing, the government approvals and all, but it 
has to do majorly with the seasonality of the product. So we'll be 
geared up, we'll be ready, but it will majorly depend on the extension of 
the season or how the season would perform depending on the 
weather as well. So, that is something beyond our control. But in terms 
of the other aspects of the business, we are all ready and geared up for 
the summer season as well, sir. 
 
Nirav Vasa:  
Sir, as I understand that there is some time gap between the summer 
season setting in between -- setting in the NCR market and the 
southern market. So, can we expect stronger -- I can say stronger AC 
sales as compared to the convent -- from the NCR market in the early 
part as compared to what it was done in the southern part of India? 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Karan Bajaj:  
Sir, you are correct on this, but with the number of stores that we would 
be operating in Delhi NCR during the summer this year and at the 
same time with our brand being quite new, it would not reflect on the 
actual numbers that we would be able to deliver there, but then 
definitely yes, we would be fitting into the summer this year in the Delhi 
NCR market as well. So we will be expecting because the summer, 
there would be setting in post April, May and would be a longer period 
compared to what we expect down south. So looking at that level, right 
now, we are ready for it. And we feel that, it should be delivering us the 
expected numbers for this season at least. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from 
Philip capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Kedia: 
So just wanted to know, if you look at your product mix, right, large 
appliances share is around 50% while a couple of years back, it was 
55% to 60%. So just wanted to know the seasonality in large 
appliances, do you see second half contributing higher for large 
appliances because margins out there would be higher. So how do you 
look at first half versus second half in large appliances and how much 
is the margin differentiated in these products? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So yes, correctly said, the difference between products like mobile, IT 
versus larger appliances would definitely vary. And it all would depend 
on the seasonality as well. So usually, the festive season would be 
heavy on the appliances, whereas the summer would be heavy on ACs 
and coolers. The other two quarters that is Q2 and Q3 would be a mix 
of both IT and mobile on higher side. So that is why you would see a 
blended margin coming up to what number it is coming up to date. So 
definitely yes, it would be a mix of – so all quarters would vary 
differently and the blended would be at the projected numbers that you 
would have for the past as well as for the future. 
 
Ankit Kedia: 
Yes, but this year, given that Delhi launch happened late and in Q4, 
you might see the AC sales come in, do you expect the second half of 
the year to be heavy on large appliances, or you'll see the benefit of 
that coming… 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
We would see a similar mix going forward as well. So because this 
would be year one only for us, and we would be operational with limited 
stores in that region. So we feel that it would be quite early for us to 
preempt the Delhi NCR as a market on terms of the product share that 
we would have across product categories. But it is in line right now -- till 
now, it is in line with what we were expecting and what we've been 
delivering back home in AP and Telangana as well. So the product 
categorization is very similar to that. 
 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. My second question is on the Delhi NCR market. Can you talk 
about some startup losses which you have? And by when do you think 
these stores would break even? And in second half of the year, what 
could be the incremental -- if I just look at Delhi NCR, what could be the 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
margins only for those markets at the gross margin or EBITDA margin 
level, if you can share? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Right, sir, our initial expectation would be that things are on track since 
the time we've launched. Definitely, yes, it being a new market, we had 
to advertise a little heavily because the number of stores was limited, 
we had to make sure that we create a presence because Delhi NCR is 
present across Noida, Greater Noida, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Ghaziabad, 
and the whole of Delhi city. So the cost of advertising across the 
periphery was a little more expensive. We had to do some launch 
activities, we had to gratify the customers there. That's why we had one 
of the lucky draws recently as well, what we do back home with the 
limited stores that we had. So this was all a part of that we had planned 
earlier. So the cost of marketing definitely would be looking a little 
higher initially. 
 
But then once we open more stores -- it gets offset with the sales or 
revenue that we generate in the future, which is in line with what we're 
expecting back home, and these margins are -- right now, we are 
operating at a similar margin percentage that we would do back home 
with a little competition, with we setting up the stores there and a little 
initial momentum, there might be a little plus or minus of around 0.5% 
in terms of margin levels that we will look at it. So we are ready for it 
and that is where you would see a decrease in the Q2 number as well 
in terms of the EBITDA margin, where there was a direct impact on the 
daily operations, which were in place in terms of the manpower costs, 
security, housekeeping, marketing, those kind of expenditures that 
were already booked in before revenues not even started, which got a 
little delayed because as we wanted to launch those stores on a certain 
day. 
 
So, all of these things put together has an impact during the Q2 that we 
would see in the numbers, sir. 
 
Ankit Kedia: 
And can you quantify that number for us, so we exactly know how the 
core market has performed because on like-to-like basis, the historic 
numbers would have only the core markets and not the daily market. 
So that will give us some idea on how strong the core market 
performance is at least at the EBITDA level? 
 
And what is the current run rate of revenues in the daily market if you 
can quantify that as well? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir, can you repeat your question once again sir, please, 
 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, can you quantify one, the revenue run rate in the Delhi market 
which you have on monthly basis and second is the absolute amount of 
fixed cost to run the daily stores, X of the gross margins to help us 
understand that the core market because in the base year Q2 FY ’22, 
we only had the core market, not the daily market, so the like-to-like 
performance, it will help us gauge in a better way. 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir, in terms of the expense that would be -- the operating expense 
at -- we would be operating in Delhi as a market, apart from the rental, 
all other costs remain the same as we do back home and the rental 
costs would be a little higher, which is built around 3% compared to the 
regular number of 1.5% or 1.2% that we deliver as a rental costs. The 
Delhi rental costs would be around 3% that will be a little higher 
number, but in terms of the manpower costs and everything else would 
remain in line with the Hyderabad market – so, the major head would 
be electricity, manpower, and security, housekeeping. Apart from this, 
the major cost was on the marketing launch or the business promotion. 
So that was on the higher side. Usually, it would be around 1% year, 
but for the initial launch, because there was no generation of revenue, I 
would be able to tell you the approximate number. It was around INR 
3.5 crore to INR 4 crore for the marketing spend that we did for the 
initial launch. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mehul Desai 
from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Mehul Desai: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Just wanted to get -- if you can just give some sense on 
how was the growth in AP and Telangana market in terms of revenues 
there and what are the kind of store expansion plans for those 
markets? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Right, so sir, I will give a broader number. So, we look at around 30% 
of same store growth coming in, because most of the stores that we 
opened in AP and Telangana in the Tier II, Tier III cities were during the 
pandemic year. So, in fact, we were not able to run those stores 
completely. Now we are looking at those stores delivering a much 
higher number than what they were initially doing because they were 
opened in the pandemic period. So, we are looking at a much higher 
number coming in those places, especially Tier II, Tier III cities. 
 
This Diwali also gives us a flavor of that. And going forward, we are 
looking at expanding into these regions, places like Vijayawada, Tenali, 
Guntur, Kurnool, Nellore, Rajahmundry, Bhimavaram, Tirupati. So 
these are the places that we've already looked at expanding for the 
coming time, and it would always give us a breakup in terms of the total 
split that contribution is coming from the upcountry market of 
Telangana, which we're operating around 17 stores today and around 
22 stores that were operating in the market of Andhra Pradesh, it is 
already giving us a higher throughput, what it was giving us in the 
previous periods. 
 
Mehul Desai: 
And store expansion plan, I mean the 103-store count that we had in 
FY ‘22 and now 112. We are looking at what number for FY ’23? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
FY ‘23 end, we would be adding up another 15 to 18 stores in the 
existing market. 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Mehul Desai: 
In the existing market. And lastly, you said INR 3.5 crore to INR 4 crore 
marketing spend that you've done. This is for the daily launches one 
year thing, right? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So this would include all ATL and BTL activities along with the business 
promotion where during the launch, we had given gold chains for every 
two hours in Delhi in all the eight stores that we had launched, as 
primary part of our marketing, along with that in all the major 
publications and we carried a launch ad… with pre-launch offers on 
radio as well as post-launch offers running through on the radio for a 
month with outdoor celebrity promotions, endorsements, all of those 
things put together was the launch plan that we had planned for Delhi 
NCR because we were launching eight stores together. So we want to 
make sure that we create a buzz in the market and as I told you the 
periphery of Delhi NCR is quite huge. So we had to plan it accordingly 
because one of our stores was placed in Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh 
and seven of the stores are based in Delhi city. So we had to plan out 
the marketing plan accordingly. So that is why we looked at that kind of 
spend, which would justify the launch for eight stores together. 
 
Mehul Desai: 
So Delhi NCR in gross margin term, so the store gross margins would 
be similar to what AP, Telangana does. 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes sir. Because the product mix also remains similar and that is why 
we are looking at a similar gross margin level at the same time. 
 
Mehul Desai: 
And lastly, just -- I mean, right now in first half in Q1, you had 14% 
gross margin, 13.6% in Q2. This Q3 is typically a higher gross margin. 
Is that understanding correct? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir, exact number I won't be able to share with you, but yes, 
definitely yes, the product mix remains a little different and definitely, if 
you look at the Q3 numbers, it would be in line with what we delivered 
in the past as well. So we are quite confident that the Q3 would be in 
line with the past and it would be. So what have happened is every 
quarter for us would play differently, like Q1, Q3 would be on a similar 
range, Q2, Q4 would be on a different range because the product mix 
would be a little different and the seasonality and the productivity also 
would change. So the overall looks blended by the year end. 
 
Mehul Desai: 
Okay, understood. And this marketing spend of INR 3.5 crore to INR 4 
crore, do you see this kind of spend coming in second half also for 
Delhi NCR or is it done now? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
No sir, it is done. So basically, it was a launch that we had to create a 
buzz in the market for the branding available there. But now it is going 
to be all organic. So it will be in line with whatever sales that we 
generate. So it is going to be in line with what we do back home also. 
So the marketing cost is going to be limited to medium until the next 
summer starts off, that is Q1 of next year. 
 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Darshil Jhaveri 
from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes. Hi, congratulations on the great listing and great performance this 
quarter. So I just wanted to get a broad flavor of our growth in the 
upcoming years. So would you be able to give out some kind of 
numbers that you might be expecting, maybe next year or something 
like that, because we had a very rapid store expansion and as the store 
matures, we will be getting better and better revenue. So what kind of 
growth are we looking in the upcoming few years, even ranges would 
do. 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir, usually, we plan to add up around 20-odd stores every year, that 
is what the plan is. The new stores usually… in the year one, year two, 
year three would give us a higher growth rate compared to a same 
store growth, compared to the vintage stores, which are 5, 7, 10 years 
old. So we aren't expecting any inorganic growth coming in for us 
because the stores that we expand, the product categories that we are 
into. So we will look at an organic split and development of that going 
forward would be in the range of around 20% to 25%. That is what we 
will look at organically for the coming times sir. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, so that helps a lot. And another question related to our finance 
costs. So as we are repaying some debt, and we've been adding, 
we've got some IPO proceeds. So what could be our finance form 
going forward, because it's been around INR23 crore in the last two 
quarters. So we have done roughly INR50 crore in H1. So, just a broad 
range of what do we see a finance going forward? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So, sir, if you have seen, we're working towards it. So the finance costs 
would be in line because the working capital requirements are higher 
and this would again depend on the seasonality. So, it would be Q1 
and Q3 heavy on the working capital requirement versus Q2 and Q4 
little lower. So, we have paid up INR 59 crore term loan that we had on 
our books. So, that was a long-term debt that we had repaid. This was 
majorly for the acquisition of property. Going forward, we would not be 
looking at this kind of a drastic increase in the term loan requirement 
and the working capital cycle or the working capital days remain more 
or less similar. We try to enhance that. If you look at the number of 
inventory days also have dropped down a little bit, but we are in line 
with enhancing all fronts to make sure that this comes in line with the 
sales that we deliver. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Divesh Mehta 
from Dinero Capital. 
 
Divesh Mehta:  
Hi, thanks for taking my question sir. Sir, I had one query. So, when I 
was going through your presentation on your slide Number 10, sir I was 
just referring to it and I saw that the number of closed outlets has been 
only one and that is also in FY ‘22. 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct sir. 
 
Divesh Mehta: 
Yes. I know we follow a cluster approach when we are trying to target 
the market and we -- while we go for the store opening and all, but sir 
can you give me per store metrics that how we plan for it and what is 
the approach, how to get payback in the shortest period? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir, what we look at first thing is that, we do a lot of research before 
we open a store. So that is why you could see very less number of 
stores are closer from our side. So, we don't intend to pick up stores 
randomly. There is a lot of study that goes and a lot of research that 
goes to the end before finalizing the store. So, that is why we limit 
ourselves to opening 20 to 25 stores in the calendar or the financial 
year, is to make sure that every store is handpicked by the team and 
making sure that we fall in line with all the compliances that are to be 
followed. So, that is why one store that we closed on was a previous 
store in FY ’22, whereas, in the first half of the year you will not see any 
store closes and historically also we do not close stores. 
 
So we look at stores, which are at the border line performance or 
something. We try to evaluate stores month-on-month, quarter-on-
quarter to make sure that the productivity of the stores is increasing 
and wherever we feel like especially, this would happen with an 
exclusive brand outlet or a store with the productivity is a little lower. 
That is where we would like to take a call on the store, if it doesn't 
perform and meet our expectation. 
 
Divesh Mehta: 
But sir, I was little bit -- I was surprised that in last three years, we have 
closed only one store. So, we have been so specific with the location 
selection in our stores, all the stores must have been performing very 
well to get such kind of efficiency out of it. 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. Yes sir, they are actually. If you look at the stores that we 
operate versus the number that we deliver in terms of top line, we're 
looking at only the multi-brand stores. So, the major split would be 
multi-brand stores and exclusive brand outlets. So, that is why the 
exclusive brand outlets would definitely deliver a lower throughput 
compared to a multiband outlet because it is a brand specific and a 
product specific store. So that is why we would look at the multiband, 
which contributes to around 95% of our business. So that is more 
important. And when we look at the matrix there, we look at cost, input, 
revenue generation that we do. So, if you look at on an average, our 
stores deliver over INR 40 crore plus, including Tier II, Tier III cities in 
upcountry of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. 
 
So, our aim is always to make sure that we increase product categories 
in the store, the productivity per store and look at every season to 
deliver a constant number annually sir. 
 
Divesh Mehta: 
And sir, one more question. So when we use the store name, which is 
Bajaj Electronics in Andhra and Telangana and outside Andhra, 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Telangana, we are using the name Electronics Mart, if I'm not 
mistaken. 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct sir. 
 
Divesh Mehta: 
So how do you see this resolution coming in future and how do you see 
this will pan out for our company sir? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir, that was an intentional plan that we had done, where we use the 
company name, which is Electronics Mart for that other region that 
we're operating in. 
 
Right now, this is the plan that we want to stick to and once we have a 
little more clarity from our end, we see a little more change coming in 
the future, that is when we probably take a call. Right now, this is what 
we want to stick to expanding with our existing name of Bajaj 
Electronics in the region of AP and Telangana and anything outside 
this region, we will be expanding under the name of Electronics Mart. 
 
Divesh Mehta:  
But is there any litigation going on and all with this name or anything? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So there is actually a litigation going on in the Bombay High Court filed 
by the Bajaj Electrical Group. So till the time that is resolved the matter 
is sub judice in the court, we won't be able to comment on that, all the 
disclosures have been mentioned on that at the same time. So that is 
why we think we don't want to complicate things. We want to make 
sure that we concentrate on the business rather than concentrating on 
the case. So that is why we started with the name Electronics Mart and 
once things fall in place, then we would then look at taking a decision 
on that sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Krisha Kansara 
from Molecule Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Krisha Kansara: 
Hi sir. Sir my first question is regarding your strategy behind acquiring 
stores in Delhi NCR? So what was your thought process behind 
acquiring stores versus not using one? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Right ma’am. So when we started evaluating bigger markets, like 
Janakpuri, Lajpat Nagar, Rajouri Garden or the prominent markets in 
Delhi NCR, so ma’am, the rental cost there we look at the yield versus 
the buying of property in terms capital expenditure that we would want 
in these stores, the cluster size, what are the competition delivering in 
that cluster, how big is that cluster? So, there's a lot of reasons when 
we take a call on whether we leave out a store or buy out a store. 
Usually, we would first look at a preference of leasing out the store 
when the yield is less than 5% or so. So, once we are confident enough 
that the markets are big or the properties are only available on a certain 
criteria, so that is why we make a decision on whether we will lease out 
the property or we buy out the property ma'am. 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
So, out of – if I give you a mix of about 112 stores today, we own 
around 20-odd properties on the books of the company, where there is 
a mix of lease out or lease -- partly owned, party leased and completely 
owned properties as well, ma’am. 
 
Krisha Kansara:  
Okay sir. Sir, my next question is regarding your refurbishment cost. 
So, in your DRHP, you had mentioned that per store, you have 
refurbishment costs of around INR 2.5 crore. So, we take this on our 
books, but this will not be a onetime thing, correct? So, what is the 
frequency in which we incur in this refurbishment costs? 
 
Premchand Devarakonda:  
Ma’am, I will take, ma’am. Can you repeat the question? 
 
Krisha Kansara:  
Sir, my question is the refurbishment costs, which we take on our 
books of around INR 2.5 crore to INR 3 crore. So this won’t be a 
onetime cost, correct? 
 
Premchand Devarakonda: 
Yes. It is in fact. It is the leasehold improvement. 
 
Krisha Kansara: 
Correct, but this cost won’t be a onetime cost, right? So what is the 
frequency in which we incur this cost at the same…? 
 
Premchand Devarakonda:  No. We will not incur a similar cost frequently. Normally this is – as per 
our policy, we will write it off over a period of eight years. And then in 
between we incur on maintaining these leasehold improvements, 
mainly the air conditioners, the joinery work. So, only that will recur and 
after we write off, we decide to upgrade the store -- that is the time 
again, we need to incur this expenditure, normally it happens once in 
eight years 
 
Krisha Kansara:  
Okay. Understood. And sir, will this refurbishment costs increase when 
we enter in Delhi NCR? 
 
Karan Bajaj:  
No ma'am, in fact, what we always try to coming up with newer ideas 
for store displays and store interiors, so that the refurbishment costs on 
longer term reduces, so that we use products or materials where the 
refurbishment cost over the period of time or the durability of these 
products are much superior maam. 
 
Krisha Kansara:  
Okay. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nirav Vasa from 
Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers. Please go ahead. 
 
Nirav Vasa: 
Hello, sir. Would it be possible for you to share the SSG for H1 FY ’23? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So that stands at around 30-odd percent sir. 
 
Nirav Vasa: 
50%. 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
30% sir. 
 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Nirav Vasa: 
Sir, any guidance that you would like to give for FY ‘23 performance? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir, the Q1, Q2 performance was as expected that we've delivered and 
looking at the FY ‘23 annual number of projections for the next two 
quarters because you've already crossed Diwali. So we are on track, 
we are quite confident. I would just like to give you a flavor that Diwali 
was quite a good period for us. And looking at that, we're quite 
confident that FY ‘23 would be in line with what we had expected and 
projected around 20% growth. That is what we looked at and we are on 
track of delivering that number sir. 
 
Nirav Vasa: 
Sir in addition to the last question that I would like to ask is based on 
your experience of 4G upgradation, and now with 5G upgradation on 
avail, there are a lot of testing’s which are happening across multiple 
cities. 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. 
 
Nirav Vasa: 
What kind of potential are you seeing arising for us from 5G sale – 5G 
upgradation once it is done on Pan India basis, especially across our 
geographies? 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir, that was quite confident the market that we operate in, 5G is 
going to be firstly available here very soon. So that anyways gives us 
the confidence that we are going to sell more number of IoT devices. 
Number two, sir as a seller, we are premium sellers. So we don't do a 
lot of feature phones. So from the initial start of selling mobile phones, 
we are already doing smartphones. We're quite confident that the 
customer base that we have for our smartphone devices or the 
upgradation that you might look at the future going to be quite stronger 
because the ASPs that we deal with are on the highest side, which 
cater to the 5G device segment. 
 
Tier II, Tier III might take a little longer for the adoption of 5G, but at 
least the cities that you operate in, like Delhi NCR and Hyderabad, 
we're quite confident that it would be sooner than other cities that we 
will be able to sell higher number of IoT devices. 
 
 
 
Premchand Devarakonda: 
I would like to add something to the answer, which has already been 
answered by our CEO earlier on the finance cost. 
 
 
See here, the finance cost comprises interest expenditure as well as 
certain amount to be charged, it’s a notional interest charged on the 
leasehold liability created in our books as per Ind AS. See for example, 
in the current financial year, out of INR 49.9 crore of our finance costs, 
the actual interest cost on account of our borrowing was only INR 22 
crore. Similarly, during the half year in the previous financial year, out 
of INR 39.5 crore of the finance cost, only INR 15.69 crore was only on 
account of the borrowing. So, this was the further clarification to be 
added in this discussion. 

 
Electronic Mart India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
