 
 
regd. office: 687 anandapur e. m. bypass kolkata 700107 India 
phone: 91 33 6613 6264 tele fax: 91 33 6613 6600 e-mail: contact@emamigroup.com website: www.emamiltd.in 
CIN: L63993WB1983PLC036030 
14th November, 2022 
 
The Manager - Listing 
 
 
                           The Manager - Listing 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
 
   BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G. Block  
               Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
 
 
   Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
 
               Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: EMAMILTD  
 
 
 
   Scrip Code: 531162 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings conference call  
 
With reference to our letter dated 9th November, 2022 regarding intimation of 
Earnings Conference Call, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Company for the Second Quarter ended 30th September, 2022, we are enclosing copy 
of transcript of the said Conference Call. 
 
The aforesaid document are also made available on the Company’s website at 
www.emamiltd.in. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Emami Limited, 
 
 
 
Ashok Purohit  
Dy. Company Secretary & DGM - Legal 
 
Enclo: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
ASHOK 
PUROHIT
Digitally signed by ASHOK PUROHIT 
DN: c=IN, st=West Bengal, 
2.5.4.20=62ff42f8594cf1d9bfb60b0f5b355
7273ae630d8229581db67e202c7a66ab49
e, postalCode=700156, street=North 24 
Parganas, 
pseudonym=fc0361882bb13772b4ad7065
1b35bab5, 
serialNumber=184a6126b68303bc0704ed
2347410f8a1c3d438ff8eeaa5832d91d2c85
2ea478, o=Personal, cn=ASHOK PUROHIT 
Date: 2022.11.14 18:27:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Emami Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
                         
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MOHAN GOENKA – VICE CHAIRMAN & WHOLE 
TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. VIVEK DHIR - CEO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
MR. VINOD RAO - PRESIDENT, SALES 
MR. GULRAJ BHATIA - PRESIDENT HEALTHCARE 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA - PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND IR 
  
 
MODERATOR:  
         MR. PERCY PANTHAKI FROM IIFL SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Emami 
Limited 2Q FY'23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL 
Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Percy Panthaki from 
IIFL Securities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. This is Percy from IIFL. We are 
pleased to host the management of Emami Limited today. On 
the call with us are Mohan Goenka, Director; Rajesh Sharma, 
President, Finance and IR; Vivek Dhir, CEO, International 
Business; Vinod Rao, President, Sales; and Gulraj Bhatia, 
President Healthcare. Without further ado, I'll hand over the 
call to Mr. Mohan Goenka. Over to you, sir. 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
Thank you, Percy. Very good afternoon, friends. Thank you for 
joining us today. I welcome you all to this conference call on 
Emami's results for the second quarter and half year ended 
FY'23. As you all are aware, the domestic FMCG industry 
continued to remain soft during the quarter, and demand 
sentiment remained muted due to high inflation, rural 
slowdown and liquidity pressure. In the given context, our 
overall net sales at INR807 crore grew by 4% and revenue at 
INR814 crore grew by 3% in the second quarter of the financial 
year. 
Our domestic business grew by 1.2% during the quarter with a 
volume degrowth of 1.2% which may appear optically muted. 
However, given the various headwinds in the last 2-3 years, 
our domestic business grew by 8% on a 3-year CAGR basis. 
The corrections in pain management and health care are 
broadly in line with expectations due to high base as well as 
decline in consumption of COVID contextual products. You 
would be aware that Helios Lifestyle, which operates under the 
brand, The Man Company, has become our subsidiary with 
effect from 1st July '22. During the quarter, it contributed 3.5% 
to our overall net sales. Our core domestic business grew by 
5% and including international business, our Q2 growth is 8% 
over previous year, excluding the pain management and health 
care range and revenues from our new subsidiary, Helios 
Lifestyle. 
Coming to our brand-wise performance. BoroPlus range grew 
by 17%; Male Grooming range grew by 2% and 7 Oils in One 
grew by 1% during the quarter. Due to the muted demand 
environment, Navratna range declined by 5% and Kesh King 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
range declined by 10% whereas Pain Management and 
Healthcare range witnessed corrections of 13% and 16%, 
respectively. However, if you look at a 3-year CAGR, BoroPlus 
range grew by 5%; Kesh King range grew by 14%; 7 Oils in 
One grew by 18%; Pain Management range grew by 6%; 
Healthcare grew by 10%; and Navratna posted flat growth. 
However, Male Grooming range declined by 4%. 
 
New age channels like Modern Trade grew strongly by 28% 
and e-commerce grew by 56% during the quarter. The 
contributions of e-commerce channel increased by 300 basis 
points to 7.8%, and modern trade contribution increased by 
220 basis points to 8.7% of the domestic revenues. Both 
Modern Trade and e-commerce put together now contribute to 
16.5% of the domestic revenues against 11.3% in the second 
quarter of last year.  
 
Our international business grew by 17% during the quarter on 
the back of good performance across markets. CIS continued 
to grow despite disturbances due to our own infrastructure built 
in previous years. Other SAARC markets, including Nepal, Sri 
Lanka, et cetera, are also showing signs of recovery despite 
continued macro-economic issues. Growth from GCC stood at 
39%, and I am happy to share that around 70% of GCC sales 
are now manufactured outside of India. And by the end of this 
financial year, we should be able to reach our maximum 
localization objectives. 
During the quarter, our gross margins at 66.6% contracted by 
230 basis points. This impact was on expected lines due to 
unprecedented inflationary pressure and favorable portfolio 
mix last year due to extraordinary high sales of pain 
management range. Despite this input cost pressure, we did 
not cut our advertising spends as we remain buoyant behind 
our brands looking at their long-term potential and rural 
recovery. We continue to invest aggressively behind our 
brands due to which our A&P spend increased by 400 basis 
points this quarter. Therefore, EBITDA at INR195 crore 
declined by 29% over previous year due to inclusion of new 
subsidiary costs, upfront marketing investments and strategic 
outlay on distribution expansion in Rural, and Modern Trade 
channels. 
Profit before tax at INR186 crore declined by 18%, and profit 
after tax at INR180 crore declined by 3% over previous year. 
With the moderation in input cost inflation, we do not see much 
pressure on our gross margins in the second half of the 
financial year.  
 
Though our EBITDA margins in the first half of the financial 
year at 23.2% are lower by 760 basis points against previous 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
year, we do not see much contraction in the second half which 
normally accounts for 55% of the overall annual EBITDA. 
Hence, for the full year, we expect our EBITDA margins to be 
in the pre COVID levels, that is around 27% for our core 
business. Going ahead, we are optimistic of delivering 
sustainable growth on account of good monsoon, government 
impetus and correction in input prices. We are optimistic in 
witnessing an upward curve in the consumer sentiments in the 
near future. With this brief, I now open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on your comment that the margins will 
come back to pre-COVID in terms of 27% EBITDA margin for 
the core business. So what exactly do you mean for the 
reported margins? Because core business is not exactly the 
full business because now Man Company is also there and 
your recent Dermicool. So on a reported basis, what is the 
expectation in terms of margins? 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
So that would be excluding the Helios. If you exclude the 
Helios, that makes it the core business basically. So reported 
numbers would be around 27% only. 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
And including Helios, how much it will be? And that's my 
question because this quarter, your Helios revenue will be 
around INR28 crore based on the 3.5% of consol. So how is 
the profitability in this part of the business? And is there a 
seasonality in terms of the INR28 crore sales. Is there a big 
seasonality there? 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
So there is no seasonality as far as Helios is concerned, 
Abneesh. And also the margins would not deplete so much in 
the second half for Helios. So it should be, as I said, it may be 
a max of 0.2%-0.3% here and there. It will not have a 
significant impact. 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second question is on the modern trade e-commerce. So it 
is around 8% each broadly. So here, if you could tell us versus 
your overall business, how is the mix different? And how is the, 
say, gross margin different ex of discount because a lot of 
these channels also have discounting which may not be there 
necessarily in the general trade. Is there a big difference in the 
gross margin profile? 
 
Vinod Rao: 
There isn't much of a difference in the gross margins between 
the two channels. So we promote a set of SKU in a range large 
packs where we price them so that we give these discounts to 
consumer end. And we track channel EBITDA, so across 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
channels, GT, MT and e-comm. And both e-com and Modern 
Trade channels are comparable to general trade EBITDA 
levels. 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
And last question on your Digital First launches. So you have 
used the word organic in two of your product. So for example, 
in 7 Oils in One, how is the price premium versus the base 
product? And similarly, when I see apple cider vinegar, even 
Dabur has done that. So two sub-questions here. So will you 
also follow largely Dabur's strategy of doing a lot of such 
products on the e-commerce which say Dabur has already 
done. And similarly, what's the price premium of Zandu apple 
cider vinegar organic versus say Dabur's apple cider. 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
So yes, Abneesh, we have for a long time, we have decided to 
do a launch, a lot of digital-first brands particularly on our 
existing range and also on the Zandu D2C platform. That is 
very, very clear. Of course, the Digital First brand comes at a 
premium. So 7 Oils in One is almost at a premium of around 
almost 50%, 60% premium to our existing range. So that is 
how it is. And if you compare the price of apple cider vinegar 
with Dabur, what is the price? So we are slightly premium, 
Abneesh. We are slightly premium of about 12% to 13% 
compared to Dabur. So we are very cognizant of the margin 
what Vinod said because these two channels are aggressively 
growing, and we don't want to dilute our margins for these two 
channels. So we have kept the prices accordingly. 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes. The only issue is in your own product, I do understand 
base version organic. It makes a lot of sense. But in apple 
cider vinegar, where there are private labels also, I don't know 
that 12%, 13% premium, customer will he stay? That was my 
question. 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
So our aspirations may not be so high, Abneesh. It has come 
as a range. But we don't want to dilute our margins. That is 
very, very clear. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
So typically, in FMCG companies, we noticed a behavior that 
when gross margin is under pressure, they curtail the ad 
spend, so that there is some delivery at the EBITDA margin 
front. Now this time, we have not done it. Some other 
companies also in Q2, we are seeing have increased ad 
spend, even though there is a gross margin pressure. So what 
should we read into this? Does it mean that now there is a lot 
of clarity that the input cost is coming down? And therefore, 
there is a confidence to sort of take ad spend up, or should we 
read it as that now expense have remained subdued for so 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
long that the situation has become dire and if we don't do it, 
then the brands are getting affected. 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
Percy, I would say that there is a definite decline in the input 
costs. The pressure is easing. We are very confident that the 
markets should improve today or tomorrow. In fact, let me also 
share that we are happy to see the numbers coming in the last 
10, 15 days, post all the holiday season. So there is some 
buoyancy coming in, in the wholesale markets, particularly for 
the winter products and it is across the board. So this was in 
expected lines. If the trend continues for another 30, 40 days, 
then we are very, very optimistic that you would see some 
good numbers coming in for everyone. So see, we would have 
to increase our advertising because you are also right that for 
quite some time, the advertising was subdued. We are 
expecting the market to pick up. So this is an important raw 
material for all of us if you want to grow the market. 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
And Mohanji, on input cost, is there any visibility that it has 
peaked out and now clearly, it is coming down, and adjusted 
for seasonality, the Q3 input cost will be lower than Q2? I'm 
saying adjusted for the normal product seasonality. 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes, we are very confident, Percy, that the input cost pressure 
has eased off quite a bit, and there would not be any margin 
pressures in the third quarter. 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
And secondly, on Kesh King, there is a 10% Y-o-Y decline. 
Now we understand that it is a high base effect. The 3-year 
CAGR is still quite healthy. But just wanted to ask you on a 
sequential basis, that is Q1 versus Q2. Normally, there will be 
some seasonality for Kesh King, right? On a sequential basis, 
it would either be growing or declining at a particular 
percentage. So this year also, the Q1 versus Q2 growth or 
decline, is it in line with what is the normal historic trend? 
 
Vinod Rao: 
Yes, there is not much of a seasonality you see. You see a 
slightly, in fact, a growth in this quarter, primarily because of 
the festive season. Overall oils grow in this market and 
especially the value-added hair oils. So in a seasonal point of 
view, we're not seeing that effect coming into play, really. 
Overall, the market is sluggish, and we have a sizable rural 
contribution across our portfolio, and that is where we are 
seeing pressures. But in the channels where we've invested 
and which are growing like Modern Trade and e-com, we are 
seeing healthy growth even on Kesh King which talks about 
our offtake as being healthy. And this is a temporary effect 
around the inflationary pressures that we're seeing across and 
largely due to rural. 
 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, this year, Q2, was it more or less in rupee million terms, 
the sale value for Q2? Was it the same as Q1 or it has dipped 
yet? 
 
Vinod Rao: 
Yes, it is same, it is same. 
 
 Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from 
Anived Portfolio Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Navratna, despite the sales base not being too high, it has 
actually de-grown. So could you give us some sense what is 
happening in the Hindi-speaking belt in terms of demand 
scenario? Is customer addition an issue or repeat purchase an 
issue for Navratna? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Prakash, honestly, this is not just for Navratna. It is across the 
oil portfolio. You would see there is some down trading. People 
are not using oils as much as they were using earlier. Also, 
unfortunately, Navratna, the Extra Thanda oil, which is 
showing some decline, particularly post COVID because if you 
remember, COVID, people were very averse of the cold, 
getting cold because of multiple reasons. So they had stopped 
using a lot of these products, which caught cold. So since then, 
we are seeing a little pressure on the Navratna portfolio, 
particularly on the Extra Thanda. Otherwise, the base 
Navratna Oil is still growing, but Extra Thanda is pulling it 
down. But anyhow, I think now that the COVID is completely 
out of this thing, we are hopeful that in the next season with 
our new campaign and all, we should see some growth 
positively coming in the number of that portfolio. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And also if you could give us some sense how are the growth 
rates between Rural and Urban. Because the way Modern 
Trade and e-commerce have grown, I'm sure Urban is doing 
far, far better. So if you could give us some sense on rural and 
urban growth rate differentials. 
 
Vinod Rao: 
So there is a significant difference between Urban and Rural, 
and one will have to break it up as retail and overall and then 
wholesale separately. Wholesale is trending to behave like 
rural and it typically behaves in a similar manner. So we see 
the demand challenges, we see wholesale also declining to 
that effect. But with Modern Trade and general trade retail and 
e-commerce, we're seeing far ahead. It's actually almost 2x to 
growth of rural now. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
2x, okay. That's helpful. In terms of amortization, Rajesh, Kesh 
King, majority amortization is over in the June quarter. So this 
kind of a run rate of around INR45 crore to INR50 crore should 
be over the next few quarters in terms of the overall 
depreciation and amortization? 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, right. So this quarter, INR23.5 crore amortization is 
without Kesh King. This is primarily on account of Dermicool, 
Creme 21, et cetera. So this would continue for some time. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, Rajesh, tax rates, we've seen some MAT credit 
being used in the first half because of which the tax rates are 
lower. So for '23 and '24, what kind of tax rate should we 
assume for the whole year? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So we have started accounting for MAT credit since the March 
quarter last year. And this would happen, I think, for another 2, 
3 years. So at least for this year, I think average tax rate 
should be below 10% kind of. And next year also, we can 
assume 10% kind of a tax rate only. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay, until the time this MAT credit is not fully utilized. Okay, 
understood. And other OpEx is also up quite sharply. Is there 
any one-off, Rajesh, in the other OpEx, excluding the ad spend 
because it's up almost, I think, 44% on a year-on-year basis? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
This has also gone up because of the integration of Helios, 
which became subsidiary from July 1. So the revenues have 
also come and their other OpEx expenses have also been 
added up. And apart from that, we have also invested quite a 
bit on distribution initiatives, which is adding up. And then 
obviously, some other costs which were not there during the 
COVID period like travel, et cetera, have also increased 
compared to last year. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay, and partly because sales growth is muted, we are not 
seeing that leverage coming in? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Right. That's right. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hearty congratulations for showing a good number. Can you 
just share the 17% growth what you have delivered? What are 
the things we can expect that got a benefit in this quarter and 
what else we can expect more in the international business 
going forward? 
 
Vivek Dhir: 
I think our growth is a function of many geographies. So our 
operations exist in Southeast Asia, SAARC, Russia, CIS. So 
the markets which are more westwards, which is MENA 
markets, Russia, CIS, we are performing better than the 
Eastward markets, SAARC and Southeast Asia. So we expect 
similar type of growth in those regions again. But the Asian 
side of the business is also turning around and hopefully 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
should deliver better. And we expect, I think it's not exactly 
17%. Somewhat in similar reason between 12%, 13%, 14% 
growth in quarter 3 as well and going forward. So many 
initiatives are happening on the brand side, manufacturing side 
and even infrastructure which we are building in the markets, 
which continue to yield results for us in coming time periods as 
well. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I got that. That's helpful. I'm just only trying to relate, Mohanji, 
you said most of the manufacturing for all tax business will be 
outside India. So obviously, if the sales momentum is strong 
and the profitability is going to improve but on the other side, 
we see the Asian markets, say neighboring market in 
Bangladesh, which has done well last year, this is not done. So 
maybe can we expect that second half is going to be better for 
these all SAARC countries including Bangladesh? 
 
Vivek Dhir: 
Absolutely. Say like when you look at absolutely neighboring 
markets, Sri Lanka has gone through a very, very bad phase. 
Currency depreciated is very, very sharply in the month of 
March itself and slow deprecation after that. Volumes dipped. 
There was hardly any money in the market. So things are 
coming back on track. We have witnessed from August 
onwards itself, things are on track, and we should be moving 
ahead. Bangladesh again has gone through bad phase. The 
dollar availability is pretty low in the country at the moment. But 
our fundamental business is doing fine over there. So when we 
look at the main brands, major brands, all are going at a 
decent pace. For some of our new initiatives, we are not able 
to invest in line, and hence, that is pulling us down in that 
market. Nepal also going through quite a bit of macroeconomic 
issues which we are working to come around those type of 
issues as well. So that we protect these markets. 
Macroeconomic is not in our hands, but our actions to 
overcome those issues are in our hands. So we are working 
around that area so that these markets also continue to 
perform for this. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second question is on BoroPlus, Mohanji. The growth, 
which is shown in this quarter, which is 17%, is it primarily 
because of the winter loading and maybe a follow-up there, 
that how do you see the season panning out for the winter in 
the so-called the strong markets of BoroPlus in the North? 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
So yes, this is primarily loading, but we are also seeing a good 
amount of secondaries also coming in because winter has set 
in well across India. So we are very hopeful. And with the new 
campaign with Akshay Kumar, we are also going to be 
aggressive. So hopefully, BoroPlus range should do well. Even 
the lotions, BoroPlus Soft that we have launched this year, we 
are going all out as far as BoroPlus is concerned. 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So the question here is that will we be able to get a better 
sales than last year, or we will have to manage for the sales, 
maybe a little more than the last year? 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
No, no, we are definitely expecting better numbers for 
BoroPlus. We are expecting a double-digit growth for the year 
as far as BoroPlus range is concerned. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay, my last question is on the Healthcare, Gulrajji. We have 
seen that both OTC Healthcare business has been declining. 
What is it that we are trying to get it? I mean, one fact is that, 
yes, COVID contextual products are declining. But on the other 
hand, we have taken a lot of initiatives. We have put the feet 
on street and we are trying to do Zandu online. We are trying 
to expand the distribution. We have done a lot of new 
launches. So how confident we are I mean, obviously, on a Y-
o-Y basis, the number may not look impressive, but in second 
half should be looking better in our control? 
 
Gulraj Bhatia: 
So you are right that over the last 2 years, we had seen an 
exponential growth in some of our key categories in terms of 
immunity products, et cetera. So we are seeing a base effect in 
play, and as you said, we've over the last 2 years, invested in 
increasing our manpower coverage in retail and up-country 
markets. So we'll definitely see the results of that coming in as 
we go into the next few months. And we are also focusing on 
some of our power brands and trying to reduce the 
dependence on the immunity products. So definitely, probably 
from the next quarter onwards, we see a much better overall 
performance in terms of the comparison with last year. The last 
2 years, if you see compared to FY19-20, both OTC business 
and the medical business has been performing well. It's just 
that the last 2-year base has been a bit challenging for us for 
this year in terms of the base effect. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
But just one follow-up here. Would you be able to quantify 
what kind of business now run rates we are getting from 
Zanducare online? 
 
Gulraj Bhatia: 
So I think we have been focusing significantly on launching 
many digital-first products. And earlier, we had a higher focus 
or higher dependence on the legacy products, the current 
products. Month-on-month, the focus on the new products is 
increasing, which are the digital-first products. So currently, we 
are seeing a run rate of about INR2 crore, basically, and that 
will keep increasing month-on-month as we go forward. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. Okay. Wonderful. Last question, Mohanji, for the overall 
guidance. I mean, last time you said that there will be a cut in 
margins about 200 basis points. Is the commentary which will 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
prevail for second half or you're still not sure that if winter goes 
better, we might be able to recover the lost margin? 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
So I spoke on the margin front, Shirish, and we are confident 
of delivering around 27% EBITDA margins. That is what is the 
target that we have taken, which is at par to our pre-COVID 
core levels. So last year, last 2 years, we all know from 27% to 
30% was due to the mix and no pressure on our input costs. 
But despite of high advertising, despite of everything, we 
should be able to achieve 27% EBITDA margins. 
 
Moderator: 
Follow up question from the line of Percy Panthaki. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes, sir, just if you can tell us something about your distribution 
efforts. And how many new outlets have you added or new 
villages have you added? Or if you can give some color on 
whatever we have added, let's say, 2 years ago, what is the 
ramp-up in those outlets, if it was, let's say, indexed 200, 
something like that, some flavor on the efforts on distribution, 
please? 
 
Vinod Rao: 
So the in the rural project under Khoj, we're doing well. So 
what we've done this year is looking at the demand. We've not 
gone on an expansion in the first 2 quarters, but we have 
consolidated the current footprint. So in all the other KPIs in 
terms of the value business we get per town and villages, so 
all the 8,000, 9,000 villages that we added in the past, we're 
getting 90% repeat rates. So in a sense, all towns added in the 
last quarter of last year, till date, we are getting 90% of those 
getting billed every month. And those are some of the 
efficiencies which are very good metrics that we're seeing. Our 
value per town or town or village has not dropped. What we've 
also done is we've optimized the current set of villages. So the 
32,000 which we already had and these new 10,000, which is 
now a total of 42,000 footprint presence, we've been able to 
save a bit on our van costs. And that we're plowing back into 
the business and we'll look at expansion from December 
onwards, and we hope to add around 8,000 to 10,000 more 
villages taking our entire coverage from 32,000 last year to 
close to 50,000 by the end of this year. 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
And on the margins, Mohanji, when you are saying that you 
are targeting 27%, in that scenario, what kind of ad spends are 
you also building into our model? 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
Around 16.5% to 17%. 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. And on innovation, what is the sort of target here in 
terms of new products driving what percentage of your sales? 
And what is it right now? And in this context, how do you 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
define new products like some companies defined whatever is 
launched within last 24 months or 36 months? 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
Right now, Percy, our contribution from NPDs is roughly about 
1%, 1.5%. We are trying to ramp this up significantly going 
forward. As I said, markets are slightly, once the inflation 
comes down, markets should also pick up, and we have a 
significant good pipeline of NPDs, both in Zandu and our 
existing range. So hopefully, going forward, it should be in the 
range of about 3% or so. That's what we expect from NPDs. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Amit Purohit from 
Elara. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Purohit: 
Just continuing on the previous question on the distribution 
expansion. Any target that we have over the next 2 years, this 
is the kind of villages you want to cater to? And also a follow-
up on that is the kind of brands or the products which get sold 
now in the rural considering the fact that there is kind of a 
muted growth in the overall market. So which are the brands 
which are doing well for us in terms of repeat purchase that 
you highlighted? 
 
Vinod Rao: 
So the immediate target is actually to get to 50,000 villages by 
the year-end. And that would be a big stride we would have 
taken from the 32,000 we were 2 years back and we started 
the expansion only in the last quarter of last year. Going 
forward, also in the next 2 years, we hope to add in the zones 
of around 10,000 villages every year, but provided we hit the 
threshold or cost of sales benchmark that we've set for 
ourselves. And then accordingly, we will look at add villages. 
We have a significant wholesale contribution. So in a numeric 
sense, we deliver that, and there will be a point of time where 
we won't add direct villages, and we'll keep consolidating the 
current additions. 
Brands, largely all the brands that we've been doing, we have 
the similar mix that we have in Urban, that we have in rural. It's 
only the LUP and the mid-pack contributions are higher, and 
the large packs are virtually very, very low in the rural market. 
And we're seeing the similar response to what we're seeing in 
Urban general trade. We're seeing a similar kind of uplifts in 
brands. Same phenomenon we started seeing post October or 
even the September, October period. We're looking at winter. 
We're being stronger. We're seeing a much better performance 
around our winter portfolio. And yes, so brand mix is not too 
different. 
It's 
only 
the 
Healthcare, 
et 
cetera. 
Those 
contributions are far lower in Rural. Otherwise between 
Navratna, Balms, Kesh King and BoroPlus, we're seeing a 
similar kind of a mix. 
 

 
Emami Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Amit Purohit:  
And just one more question on the margins. You indicated 
27% for FY'23. Beyond that, would you be looking to reinvest 
behind brands and keep the advertising spend high and keep 
the margin stable or you would look to get back to closer to 
around 30% margin or so on back of gross margin expansion? 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
We are committed to invest behind our brands and also to 
invest behind the distribution channels. Also, we see very 
healthy growth coming in from the Healthcare channels. So we 
have a lot of investments to do going forward. And so margins 
should be in the pre-COVID levels around 27%. If natural 
margin expansion happens, it happens. Otherwise, you should 
expect around 27% margins. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from 
the participants, I now hand the conference back to the 
management for their closing remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Percy. Thank you, IIFL, for ending this call. Thank 
you all the participants for joining us today for our results con 
call. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL 
Securities Limited, that concludes today's call. Thank you all 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer - The following transcript has been edited for language, errors and grammar and therefore, it may not be a 
verbatim representation of the call 
 
