CSL/2022-23/373 
15th November 2022 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code :532443 
Scrip ID: CERA 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code: CERA 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 9th November, 2022 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SERI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
With reference to our letter CSL/2022-23/348 dated 27th October, 2022, intimating you about 
the Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call held on 9th November, 2022, please find attached 
the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
The same is available on the website of the company i.e. www.cera-india.com 
We hope you will take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
For Cera Sanitaryware Limited, 
Hemal Sadiwala 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As Above 
HEMAL 
JANARDAN 
SADIWALA
Digitally signed by HEMAL JANARDAN 
SADIWALA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1769, 
pseudonym=1330138917160425167M7u3VjyW
A1Zui, 
2.5.4.20=6b4ec8e524e33f51a85e90684a283fb7
298733d00b4cadaec4b37a8a54114225, 
postalCode=380008, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f2fe036f7fce318ced974ed8837d
fa1e1c2da169e5861098ce6b05679d5c9f6e, 
cn=HEMAL JANARDAN SADIWALA 
Date: 2022.11.15 10:03:33 +05'30'

Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
Page 1 of 18 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited 
Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 9, 2022 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY23 earnings conference 
call of Cera Sanitaryware Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in listen-
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance, during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani of CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Yashashree. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
the earnings conference call for Cera Sanitaryware Limited for the Q2 FY23 earnings, 
which were announced on Monday. 
We have with us today the management team comprising Mr. Ayush Bagla, 
Executive Director; Mr. Rajesh B. Shah, CFO and COO; and Mr. Vikas Kothari, Deputy 
CFO of Cera Sanitaryware. We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from 
the management, following which we shall open the floor for Q&A. 
A quick disclaimer before we begin, some of the statements made in today's 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature and the detailed note in this 
regard is contained in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of you 
earlier. 
I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ayush Bagla for his opening remarks. 
Ayush Bagla: 
Good morning, everyone. The earnings for the second quarter and half year ended 
30th September 2022, were adopted by the Board of Directors on 7th November 
2022. The earnings documents have been released to the stock exchanges.  
At present, our manufacturing facility continues to function at high utilization levels. 
Capacity utilization for Q2FY23 for Sanitaryware was at 115%, and we endeavor to 
operate the plant at similar levels all through FY23. In Faucetware, the capacity 
utilization was at 116% during Q2FY23 and all efforts are on to maintain these levels. 
As indicated in our previous earnings concall, our current production for September 
2022 at the Faucetware plant has been 2.9 lakh pieces. In FY21, it was 1.25 lakh 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 2 of 18
 
 
pieces per month. In FY22, it was 2.18 lakh pieces per month. The current 
production is a 132% increase over the production level of FY21 and a 33% increase 
over FY22. 
 
The faucetware expansion program to take capacity to 4 lakh pieces per month 
commenced from July 2022. Requisite approval from the Gujarat Pollution Control 
Board were obtained. The enhanced production is scheduled to go on stream in July 
2023. The total cost of project is INR 69 crore to be funded entirely from annual 
operating cash flow. The cost breakup is, ‘Building and Civil work’ INR 37 crore, 
‘Equipment and Plant’ INR 24.75 crore, ‘Electrical substations’ INR 7.5 crore. The 
product mix planned is colored SKU’s, quarter turn SKUs, PVD SKU’s and a few more 
SKU’s that can be taken in, from outsourced partners.  
 
So far, not a single day of disruption of current manufacturing has taken place. The 
market has been continuously fed with products from the existing plant. We expect 
to end FY24 with an output of 4 lakh pieces per month. In April 2022, newer value-
added SKUs in Faucetware were introduced at the National Dealer Meet. SKUs in 4 
ranges and in 6 colors were introduced to the trade. These value-added products 
included Black Matte finished faucets, Red Matte finished faucets and other PVD 
products. An intensive range of Rose Gold, French Gold, Yellow Gold products were 
part of the event. These new products are being gradually rolled out with a grand 
display at 100 dealer’s outlets. Over time, these new ranges will provide 319 SKUs. 
 
The Sanitaryware plant is operating at a capacity utilization of 115%. This is the 
highest utilization in the past 10 years for Cera. If you look beyond the numbers, the 
capacity is very agile allowing shifting between outsourced SKUs and manufacturing 
SKUs, some of which may require shorter runs. Certain products, which used to be 
outsourced within India and from China are now taken in and are being 
manufactured in-house. The plant can, in a cost-effective way, manufacture short 
batches of SKUs whenever required.  
 
China imports in FY21 were INR 57.2 crore or 4.76% of sales. In FY22, China imports 
was INR 67.87 crore or 4.71% of sales. In H1 FY23 China imports were INR 27.66 
crore, only 3.41% of sales. Cera was already one of the lowest users of products 
Made in China and with availability of manufacturing infrastructure in-house, the 
percentage of Chinese imports to sales have been continuously declining. In a 
business, which is brand driven, the fulcrum of success is now completely 
manufacturing and plant efficiency.  
 
For fresh capacity for manufacturing Sanitaryware, the Company has carried out 
extensive surveys of water, gas and labor availability for a greenfield facility. A few 
land parcels have been shortlisted and the Company is currently in discussions for 
those land parcels. Since capex will commence post land acquisition, the detailed 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 3 of 18
 
 
plans of the phase-wise capital expenditure will be made available. So far, no 
binding or nonbinding documents have been signed for any land parcel.  
 
As on 30th September 2022, our cash and cash equivalents stood at INR 573 crore 
against INR 485 crore in September 2021 registering an increase of INR 88 crore or 
an 18% increase. Positive cash flow for Q2 FY23 has been INR 50 crore as compared 
to INR 45 crore in Q2 FY22. Therefore, going forward, only internal accruals are 
being used to fund the two capex programs. And we would also retain the flexibility 
to use some part of the cash and cash equivalents, if required. I would like to 
reiterate that no debt raising, or equity dilution is planned or required for both the 
capacity expansions.  
 
Q2 FY23 also continued to witness stable raw material behavior in Sanitaryware and 
a downward bias in raw materials for Faucetware. During Q2 FY23, no price hikes 
were undertaken.  
 
On the Sanitaryware business, key items like China clay, feldspar, Plaster of Paris, 
which constitute more than 95% of Sanitaryware's raw material mix had no impact. 
Within the glazing recipe, which constitutes less than 1% of Sanitaryware's raw 
material mix, the key constituents  has moved down by 16% during Q2. 
 
Due to the availability of gas from isolated wells near our plant, the pricing of gas 
from GAIL continues to remain below market and will do so in the future. Price has 
remained stable at INR 25.72 per cubic meter in September 2022, which was INR 
25.69 per cubic meter in June 2022. In Q2FY23 GAIL provided 54% of the gas 
requirement of the Sanitaryware business. Sabarmati Gas, a JV of BPCL and GSPC's 
pricing went from INR 73.58 per cubic meter in June 22 to INR 75.38 per cubic meter 
September 22. Sabarmati supplies 46% of the gas needs of the plant. Gas costs 
constituent is 3.12% of Cera's topline. There have been no changes in the price of 
ancillary cost items like transportation cost. The cost of corrugated boxes have 
remained stable.  
 
Our high reliance on renewable energy for over 2 decades has significantly 
benefited us given that 63% of our electricity needs are met from wind and solar 
power sources. As a result, we have been able to keep significant parts of our cost 
basket stable.  
 
Onto some further developments in the retailer loyalty program, which was 
launched by Cera in Q1 FY23, which is now almost completed 6 months. More than 
13,000 retailers have already used the retailer app. These retailers form the bulk of 
Cera's distribution reach. We expect the total number of retailers to be around 
15,000 plus who most likely will be part of this loyalty program by end FY23. 
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 4 of 18
 
 
The feedback received from retailers has helped us in the understanding the 
consumer's changing demands, geographical segmentation of SKUs and evolution 
of the rewards program to retailers. Besides standardizing invoices in H1, more than 
INR 145 crore of sales to retailers have become eligible to receive rewards through 
this program. Many below-the-line marketing activities such as displays at the point 
of sale are being driven by this program. The Company's ability to tweak trade 
practices, trade pricing and ability to steer the direction of the dealer and retailer 
equation have all undergone a sea change. We have also seen an improvement in 
multi-brand retailers who have undertaken various initiatives to sell Cera products.  
 
This ties in very well with our new product development. As product life cycle 
reduces, new product offerings at higher price points with dramatically new 
aesthetics and functionality are core to our topline and margin expansion. In 
H1FY21, 81 new products were introduced. In H1FY22, 3 new products were 
introduced and in H1FY23, 59 new products have been introduced. 
 
In that backdrop, we can go over the financials: 
 
Revenue from operations in Q2FY23 was INR 414 crore versus INR 393 crore in 
Q2FY22. EBITDA excluding other income, was INR 66 crore in Q2FY23 versus INR 58 
crore in Q2FY22. The gross margin has improved at 56% in Q2FY23 against 51% in 
Q2FY22. The EBITDA margin is higher by 120 basis points at 15.9% in Q2FY23 versus 
14.7% in Q2FY22, a growth of 14%. Profit after tax was INR 51 crore in Q2FY23 
versus INR 42 crore in Q2FY22, an increase of 20.5%. EPS for Q2FY23 was 38.99% 
versus 32.36% in Q2FY22. 
 
For Q2 FY23, 54% of the topline was from Sanitaryware, 34% from Faucetware, Tiles 
represented 10% and Wellness 2%. On a Y-o-Y basis, Sanitaryware revenues 
registered an increase of 10%, Faucetware revenues increased by 7%, Tiles 
decreased by 20% and Wellness increased by 10%. The Sanitaryware and 
Faucetware verticals remain the bedrock of our business with contribution of 88% 
to Cera's overall revenues. 
 
We continue to witness encouraging demand for newly launched products. 
Products launched during the last 2 years contributed close to 24% of the revenues.  
 
Products launched during the last 3 years contributed to close to 36% of revenues. 
Inventory days in Q2FY23 were 81 days compared to 60 days in Q2FY22. Receivable 
days in Q2FY23 were 26 days versus 36 days last year. Payable days in Q2FY23 was 
36 days against 35 days in Q2 of FY22. Therefore, net working capital days in Q2 
FY23 was 71 days versus 61 days in Q2FY22. 
 
After a fairly low capex last year as against the capex budget of INR 17.19 crore for 
FY22, the total capex spend was INR 11.12 crore. In the current year, the capex 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 5 of 18
 
 
budget other than the brownfield Faucetware expansion and the proposed 
greenfield Sanitaryware capacity expansion programs are INR 24.6 crore of which 
INR 7.7 crore is for Sanitaryware automation, INR 6.4 crore for Faucetware 
automation, INR 6.6 crore for land and building and INR 3.9 crore for logistics and 
IT.  
 
Cera's growth plan remains intact as it plans to expand capacities and to monetize 
rising demand. After taking a few years to break the INR 1,250 crore to INR 1,350 
crore topline band, in FY22, Cera touched the topline of INR 1,446 crore. We all saw 
the impact on EBITDA and PAT margins. Going forward, Cera is set on a new topline 
trajectory, which we can all witness in the Q1 and Q2 numbers. Every decision made 
at Cera is from the shareholders' point of view with ROCE, payback period and 
impact on EPS fully considered before being placed for deliberation amongst the 
Board of Directors.  
 
The classification of sale in FY22 was 42% in the premium category, 28% in the mid-
category, 30% in the entry category. In Q1 FY23, the data classification had an error 
and should be read as 43% premium category, 30% mid category, 27% entry 
category. There is now standardization of classification based on price point and 
positioning of SKUs and therefore, the data for classification of sales in Q2 FY23 is 
43%, in the premium category, 30% in the mid-category and 27% in the entry 
category.  
 
Cera has launched a new ad campaign with brand ambassador Kiara Advani and 
Vijay Devarkonda titled, "It's your space, Play it your way". We have received very 
positive feedback on the campaign as the brand moves up the pricing and design 
pyramid. 
 
I would now request the moderator to open up the line for Q&A. Thank you very 
much. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Disha Sheth from Anvil Research. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Sir, our topline has grown by 5% and our volume growth in Sanitaryware and 
Faucetware is upwards of 10% and 7%, respectively. Sir, is there any price hike we 
have taken, if you can throw some light? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
 So, Disha, the Company is now at a very crucial stage of metamorphosis. Normally, 
the number of new products and the new products we always used to classify as 
the products launched in the last 3 years used to be around 22% to 24% of sales. 
This quarter it is 36% of sales. So new products with complete change in aesthetics 
and functionality and therefore, at a much higher price point is the way to go. And, 
you know, we are a market leader. So, we asked ourselves a question, who is looking 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 6 of 18
 
 
out for the consumer? The leader has to guard the price. And with softer raw 
materials, softer cost base, there was no compulsion to increase the price, even 
though we have pricing power, the brand promise and brand salience are so strong, 
we could have taken a price rise in Q2, just like we had taken at the beginning of 
Q1. But enough price rises were taken all through the last 15 months. So, we believe 
for the short term, there is no compulsion to take a price rise. And in case, our peer 
group takes a price rise, we will gain a tremendous market share. So, these are some 
of the efforts being made to not only remain as a leader but gain market share. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. So, we are not even planning to decrease it because of the market leadership? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
No, decrease has never really happened even in the past. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. So, sir, the sales are 5% but volume growth is 10% for Sanitaryware. So that's 
why the difference is because of the Wellness, Tiles degrowth, is my understanding, 
right? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
No, the value growth in Sanitaryware is 10% and Faucetware 7%. And overall, the 
company's topline, if you add all the income, it has grown 6.25%. So, Tile, as you 
know, we have virtually no capital employed in that business. We have no fixed 
assets in that business. There is just a little bit of capital deployed in working capital. 
It's a pure trading business, and we retain the flexibility to keep changing our 
product mix to get to an optimum EBITDA number. So, the gain for us in Tiles is not 
to gain, reach a certain number in topline, but to reach a certain EBITDA percentage 
number. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. Sir, also as a shareholder, we would like to see volume growth, but just 
stressing on that what you mentioned 10% and 7% is a mix of volume and price or 
only value growth, then what would be the volume growth? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
It is purely value growth. And I'll tell you the reason why I emphasized on that. See, 
right now, we are dealing with in Sanitaryware 518 SKUs, with almost 100 SKUs 
being added every year. So, it is not difficult for a Company like Cera to increase 
volumes by continuing to sell mid-level products. But as the Company moves up the 
value chain, the pricing chain and design chain, volumes will not be the driver of 
growth. Value is the best way to look at the Company. Again, in Faucetware, you're 
dealing with 994 SKUs. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. Sir, our volume growth this quarter would be how much then? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Again, the volume growth is not the way to look at the Company. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay, sir. And sir, going forward, margin, if you can throw some light since you 
mentioned they are on the downward trend. And we do not plan to increase price 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 7 of 18
 
 
and keep it stable. So, we can see our gross margin expansion and also EBITDA 
margin expenses. My understanding is right? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, what you said was raw materials are on a downward trend, especially brass. So, 
zinc, brass and faucetware, they have declined, and I can give you some details on 
that. In Sanitaryware, 95% of the RM is these 3 items: feldspar, China clay. So here, 
there has been no increase in Q2. In zinc, there has been a slight increase last year, 
but that's less than 1% of the RM basket. In the glaze recipe, there's a 10% increase 
last year and no increase in Q2. So overall, there was almost a reduction in the 
Sanitaryware basket. In Faucetware, the reduction was even more pronounced 
because zinc and brass both declined, sorry zamak and brass both declined. Brass 
declined from INR 545 to INR 495 per ton. There was a saving of INR 3.82 crore in 
the quarter. And zamak declined INR 371 to INR 317 per ton and the savings only in 
this quarter was INR 30 lakh. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. So, we can expect a gross margin expansion, or it will restate even going 
forward? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Again, gross margin has already expanded. The 56% is our all-time high. And the way 
that has been achieved is not only through RM decrease but sweating the assets 
more and making sure that the efficiencies have increased. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. And sir, operating leverage must be also at the peak since we're sweating it 
so nicely. So, more leverage may not be possible because we're already running at 
plus 100 capacity? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
No, more leverage is possible because the SKUs at the bottom end will be 
continuously moved out to our vendors and higher-end SKUs be taken. And some 
SKUs, which we used to import from China have also been taken in. The reason for 
import from China was not that we couldn't make it in-house, the reason was the 
quantities of those SKUs were very small. We didn't want to have short runs in the 
factory. But now the factory manufacturing capability is agile enough to allow for 
these short-run SKUs. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. And sir, your medium-term guidance for the sales growth if you can specify 
this? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, once we achieve INR 1,440 crore in March '22, we had said that we will double 
in 40 months, and that remains intact. And the best way to look at this is if you look 
at the H1 numbers now, normally, H1 is 45% of sales. So, you'll have a pretty good 
estimate of FY23 and then beyond. The numbers we are looking at is a dramatic, H1 
is 30.52% over last year's H1. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Yes. Because of the lower base in Q1 FY22 maybe because of COVID? 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 8 of 18
 
 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Correct. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I wanted to know the asset turn on the capex of Faucetware of INR 70 crore? 
And what would be the capex in the greenfield Sanitaryware whenever you plan 
finally and what will be the assets turn there? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Asset turn Faucet will be higher simply because we're getting a lot of advantages of 
the current facility. There's no cost of land, etc. Cost of civil is also maybe half of 
what it would have been in a greenfield facility. So, on INR 69 crore, asset turn will 
be between 2 and 3 once it's commissioned. But a lot will depend on which SKUs 
are made. So, this number can be reinvested once the plant has been operating for 
6, 8 months, but current numbers based on what we plan on producing will be about 
between 2 and 3. 
 
In Sanitaryware, we had identified the two land parcels, but we didn't reach a 
conclusive end of a binding or nonbinding document. So, we are looking at a few 
more locations. Land prices in Gujarat have gone up, availability of labor, water and 
gas, all 4 factors confluencing has not been so easy. So that is why I mentioned that 
no document has been signed for any land so far. So, we hope to complete 
something before March '23. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But what approximate capex in Sanitaryware would happen? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Land would cost INR 25 crore, and the overall plant we estimate right now will cost 
INR 129 crore. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
An asset turn on this INR 150 crore? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
No, together, it's INR 129 crore. So, asset turns will be above 2. But again, it will be 
a function of which SKUs are made in a current manufacturing facility and which 
SKUs in the newer one. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, until this capacity comes, you have the scope of improving your product mix 
within your existing capacity, right, sourcing versus buying from outside? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, that's right. And that is the reason you are seeing improvement in gross 
margins. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So, if I have to look at your strategy incrementally on having slightly more 
premium products and also better utilizing our own asset by what to purchase and 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 9 of 18
 
 
what to make in-house, the 16% margin that we see have actually a scope for an 
upside buyers and can improve as you double your revenue over the next 40 
months? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, we would be, I would say we would be satisfied with the 50 to 75 bps annual 
increase in EBITDA margins in this journey. And that has already happened between 
'21 and '22, more than that has happened. Even currently, you're seeing more than 
that happens. So, we will just say on an annualized basis, anything above 50 would 
be a very welcome development. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, if you could give for H1 '23, what was the Sanitaryware, 
Faucetware, Tiles and Wellness revenues? And for Q2 also? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, I can give you H1 numbers, INR 436.82 crore in Sanitaryware versus INR 315 
crore last year in H1. Faucetware was INR 278 crore this year versus INR 201 crore 
last year. Wellness INR 14.46 crore versus INR 11.5 crore last year, Tiles INR 79.21 
crore versus INR 85.66 crore last year, that was H1. I'll give you Q2. Q2 Sanitaryware 
was INR 225.19 crore this year versus INR 203.97 crore last year. Faucet was INR 
141.76 crore this year versus INR 133.01 crore last year, Wellness INR 7.81 crore 
this year versus INR 7.11 crore last year, Tiles INR 38.72 crore versus INR 48.46 crore 
last year. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And any reason for a slightly slower growth, what we see this quarter? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Again, this is the outcome of a metamorphosis that the Company is going through. 
You have seen our latest add campaigns. That completely repositions Cera and the 
consumer’s mind. We are now trying to compete both with MNCs with companies 
which import not only from China, but from Western European countries and also 
from our traditional peer group who are large sanitaryware players. So, we will have 
already product approach the entire pricing pyramid. And the emphasis of the 
Company is to make sure the share of premium items continues to increase. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
You mentioned that H1 is 45% of the revenue, right? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. I was not convinced by the answer which you gave for slower growth of 7%. 
So, was there a distribution change or anything because of which, was there product 
SKU realignment where you are slowly migrating to a premium SKU? That's the 
reason, I couldn't actually comprehend the answer that you mentioned for slower 
growth. 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
 See, we were always like higher growth and we would like industry-beating growth, 
but that has to be looked at in all from 360 degrees. You can't have growth with 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 10 of 18
 
 
increasing receivable days. You can't have growth with suddenly expanding in a 
geography after spending INR 10 crore on launch. So being a listed Company and a 
highly disciplined financial Company, we take all those factors into account before 
making any moves in the market. The name of the game is retain your core base, 
your core identity of SKUs and keep on launching new SKUs, so that share of new 
SKUs may not necessarily take place in volume, but tremendously in value. So, I 
would only request you to look at one statistic that I read out, share of new products 
were always between 22% and 24%, share of products launched in the last 3 years, 
but now they are at 36%. That is a tectonic shift in the Company's functioning. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Shrenik Bachhawat from LIC AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Sir, my first question is, as we have seen recently, pipe players like Astral and Prince 
have entered the Bathware segment. And these guys have strong distribution in 
Tier-2 and below markets, which is the core market for us, which is 80% of our 
revenue, right? And also, there is the overlap benefit they have, where the 
hardware stores who sell the pipes also sell the bathware products. So, we were 
reducing our focus on metros because of the competition of MNC, but do you see 
an increasing competitive intensity in the Tier-2 and below cities because of these 
pipe players coming in our business? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
You're in the market, you know the numbers. The pipe companies have not really 
been able to achieve scale so far, maybe they make all the correct moves going 
forward. The kind of pressure that the financial community has put on them, they 
are more to become B2B suppliers. And transferability of a brand from behind the 
wall to front of the wall is very, very difficult. We are seeing that even tile companies 
with such strong financial muscle, distribution muscle have not been able to transfer 
their brand from Tiles to Sanitaryware and Faucetware over the last 15 years. So, 
transferability from a low-end product, which is completely commoditized to a high-
end design and aesthetic-based product is not easy. And I mean I'm waiting to see 
more evidence on that. So far, there's no evidence that has been put in front of us, 
whether the consumer has accepted them or not accepted them. 
 
As far as Tier-3 is concerned, you see the census says all population centers above 
1 lakh is in Tier-1 town. But our definition for easy understanding, we have said Tier-
1 towns of population centers above INR 25 lakhs. And Tier-2 cities are between INR 
10 lakh and INR 25 lakh and Tier-3 cities, we classify for discussion purposes only as 
population centers below INR 10 lakhs, which is a very broad range. Which is why 
you see that number. So currently, the number this quarter was 27, 12 and 60. And 
that 60 number if we were to further reduce the band from INR 10 lakh to INR 5 
lakh or even INR 2.5 lakh, that number will get more evenly distributed between 
Tier-1 and Tier-2 cities. 
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 11 of 18
 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Could you also throw some light on the demand scenario in metros versus Tier-2 
cities, like is there any sharp gap or broadly similar? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
I would say demand continues to be strong and most important is the B2C demand 
where interest rates are not a deciding factor, unlike in the B2B demand and the 
new apartments offtake category where interest rates are, of course, one of the 
factors that determine velocity of sales. So, Cera's focus is completely on the B2C 
category, where the consumer is neither taking a loan nor is trying to time his home 
improvement with any kind of economic cycle. So that's our focus that remains 
strong in all categories. 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
And basically, we're talking about sharp growth in our numbers, but where do we 
see our Tiles segment? How should we as analysts look at the Tiles segment? Is it 
just a side segment where we will not concentrate or how will we see that growth? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
The Tiles segment, in any case, for the last so many years, we derisked our balance 
sheet from the Tiles segment. We participated in equities in 2 JVs. One we have 
exited, the other one is not currently working. But our total exposure to the JV is 
only INR 8 crore. So other than that, there are no assets on the books. It's a purely 
trading venture. Currently, the Tiles industry is going through a lot of upheaval and 
that you are seeing in the results of many tile companies. The upheaval is because 
there is tremendous overcapacity of tile players in Morbi and other places. 
 
There is no pricing power even with the brands, and there is no product 
differentiation between different players. So, till that upheaval subsides, it's a very 
difficult call to try and increase your share of tiles. And in any case, it's the lowest 
contributor to profits in Cera. So, you are seeing that when Tile was 17%, 18% of the 
P&L, the margins were much lower than what it is now when Tiles are 9% to 10% of 
the P&L. So, the focus right now is to be a niche Tiles player, try and sell double 
charged, triple fired GVT, some walls, some paving tiles, a mixture of tiles, which are 
not fully commoditized. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
I have 3 questions. Firstly, on capex, I understand the regular part of it, which is a 
INR 25 crore breakdown you gave. On the Faucets side, INR 70 crore largely should 
be spent in this year, but I'm seeing the first half at INR 10 crore. Could you help me 
with timelines for Faucet expenses purely on cash capex, and then I'll come down 
to Sanitaryware capex. 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Faucet is a total of INR 69 crore, and we started in June, July this year after requisite 
approvals were in place. So, so far, a very small portion of that INR 69 crore, a bulk 
of it has been spent in advances to plant and equipment manufacturers, technology 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 12 of 18
 
 
suppliers and a little bit in civil works. So, bulk of it will be more end loaded and 
you'll see bulk of it in Q3, Q4 and also Q1 and Q2 of FY24, a total of INR 69 crore. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, by census by June of 2023 Faucet starts, so bulk of it should be done by April, 
May of 2023. Is that correct? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
That's right. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, second half, obviously, will be capex heavy on Faucet? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
That's right. Out of the INR 69 crore. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Right. And on Sanitaryware, obviously, it's not finalized yet, but you will spend INR 
25 crore on land which should happen by March and then bulk of the balance of 
(inaudible) should come down in fiscal '24. Is that correct? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
'24 and '25. It will be 18 to 24 months of capex post land acquisition. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. 2-years post land acquisition. 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
That's right. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. Got it. Second question was on growth. So, Sanitaryware plant obviously will 
come much later. Right now, you've fully utilized, the plant is full for second half. 
So, the growth next year is taken care of from outsourcing. Is that understanding 
correct? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
 No, you see, if we look at our commentary from before COVID in Jan '19, even in 
March '19, we had said that the industry faces a problem of availability. And at that 
time, that message didn't find too much resonance because nobody, no other listed 
players talks about availability problems. But we said the pace at which demand is 
growing, capacity across the board for the industry has not kept pace. And that is 
something we witnessed in the first half of the COVID period as well, not because 
of factory disruption, but demand completely excluded. Now this is the first time 
this year that we have had no shortage of a single SKU in a single geography. And it 
has been our aim to keep on increasing inventory days just because there is no cost 
of carry. There is no cost of obsolescence. So, it was an important objective to have 
achieved. And going forward, we will keep this 80 to 90 days inventory days. We will 
keep on outsourcing lower-end products to third-party vendors. Incidentally, I just 
wanted to share with you that the cost of Indian vendors is 35% to 45% lower than 
Chinese imports even after container costs have come down from INR 6,000 per 
container to INR 1,500 per container in September. So Indian vendors and Indian 
outsourcing is a way to go and to keep freeing up infrastructure and capacity in the 
own plant to make newer SKUs. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 13 of 18
 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sir, the question is, next year, for Sanitaryware, if you, let's say you grow between 
10% to 15%, where does this growth come from? Because you're anyway at 115%, 
you will still be the same in second half. So, do we go to like another 15% on that 
overcapacity utilization, that's how we should look at it? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
We'll be making newer SKUs, which were launched last year and this year in our 
own plant, and our vendors will be making the traditional SKUs. But in rupee terms, 
you will not see an outsourcing increase. Because the value increase in in-house 
production will be much more disproportionately higher. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. Now I get it. I get it. And lastly, on the other income, the first quarter was 
negative. That question remained unanswered last time. Second quarter is INR 10 
crore. What is really happening there? Why is the fluctuation? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Because we take as per IndAs, we did M2M valuations of all our mutual funds, which 
are all in safe instruments. So even GOI bond funds had fluctuations when the 
interest rate cycle in April and May spiked, but they settled down. So, this was all 
noncash charge. Even out of the INR 10.95 crore you see, INR 8.34 crore is M2M 
changes. Only INR 2.61 crore is actual cash flow. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. I get it. And lastly, just to clarify on the capex. So, about INR 25 crore in 
Sanitaryware land, above INR 25 crore in regular capex, that's INR 50 crore and 
another, let's say, INR 30 crore, INR 40 crore on Faucets, that's close to INR 90 crore 
this year. Then there will have another INR 20 crore regular next year and about INR 
100 crore, about, let's say, INR 70 crore, INR 80 crore of Sanitaryware. So that's 
another INR 100 crore. So, about INR 100 crore average this year, next year capex 
is fine from a cash perspective? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes. And that will be just half of our annual operating cash flow. So, they most likely 
will not be a need to depend to the treasury reserves. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Akhil Parekh from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Ayush, my first question is on the mix in terms of in-house manufacturing versus 
outsourcing for this quarter and how it was in 2Q of FY22, for the 2 categories, 
basically Sanitaryware and Faucetware? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
The mix in terms of premium and… 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
No, the in-house manufacturing versus outsourcing you mentioned? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Okay. In-house in Q2 was 40% in Sanitaryware, outsourcing was 60%. In Faucetware, 
in-house was 48% and outsourcing was 54%. Versus last year, in-house in 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 14 of 18
 
 
Sanitaryware was 41%, outsourcing was 59%. In Faucetware, in-house was 43% and 
outsourcing was 57%. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. And what you just commented like previously, that this contribution from in-
house will kind of go up mainly because of better product next year, FY23? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
That's right. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. And second question is a general demand trend, right. There is mix reviews 
that we keep hearing in terms of the real estate market, given the interest rates are 
going up. If you can just qualitatively highlight how it is in a Tier-2 and Tier-3 market 
vis-a-vis premium markets or urban market basis? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
We find no change in any demand trends. And maybe what you have heard is more 
tiles driven because the tiles industry is going through once in a lifetime or once in 
30, 40 years upheaval with too much overcapacity. And no product differentiation 
between the lowest end players and the brands who charge a higher price. So that 
really reduces the pricing power. Those are the reasons for the upheaval in Tiles 
rather than any demand-led upheaval. In Sanitaryware and Faucetware, we have 
not found any trends so far, which are different in Q1, Q2 or even in October. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. Sure. And second question is on this Faucetware capacity, which we're going 
to commence. Like I mean this 4 lakh pieces per month. So that complete absorption 
will happen by end of FY24 or probably by first half of FY25? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, after July '23 when the plant starts producing those numbers, it might take a few 
months to reach that final INR 4 lakh per month destination but that will definitely 
happen during that financial year. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. So '24 itself basically, end of '24 itself, we should see complete absorption? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. And last question on the Tiles segment, we are kind of defocusing from this 
segment. And I believe this year, '23 will kind of be flattish vis-a-vis FY22. So, going 
ahead, should we anticipate this category to remain at that level or probably even 
decline, say, for FY24 and '25? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
First of all, the first filter we use is we don't want to deploy more capital in Tiles. 
That's the first filter. Second filter is we need a certain EBITDA percentage in every 
sale that we do. So that is only possible in high-end double charged and triple fired 
GVT. And that's where the concentration is. So, we are not that focused on a certain 
top line to be achieved in Tiles. And Tiles have gone through a major upheaval and 
Cera has been completely spared of that upheaval. If we were a larger player, then 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 15 of 18
 
 
we would have somewhere gotten flinched like all other players have gotten 
flinched. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. This is helpful. Sorry. And one last piece, I missed the gas prices at Sabarmati 
and GAIL for this quarter, how it was and how it was last year? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
The cash number? 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
No, no. The gas prices. 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Okay. I'll just give you the gas prices. Average from GAIL which is about 56% of our 
consumption was INR 25.70. And from Sabarmati, which is 44%, 45%, was INR 74.87. 
Weighted average after considering the respective shares is INR 48.56, which is 
dramatically lower than anybody's average. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
And how it was last year in GAIL and Sabarmati? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
GAIL last year I'll give you the number for the full year '21, '22, GAIL was INR 11.13; 
Sabarmati was INR 59.46 and the weighted average was INR 32.93. 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. So, from INR 32.9, it has gone up to INR 48.5? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes. So, this INR 16 in Cera's case works out to about INR 15 crore. The annual impact 
is INR 15 crore. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Akash Shah from UTI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Akash Shah: 
And I just had two questions. One, from Q2 FY22 to Q2 FY23, what would be the 
price growth that we would have taken in Sanitaryware and Faucetware segment? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
I'll give you the breakup also of the price. After Q2 last year, in November was the 
first price hike of 10% in Sanitaryware, 5.5% in Faucetware and then there was no 
price hike till May 2022, 3% in Sanitaryware and 5% in Faucetware. And both came 
with the lag effect because dealers rush to place orders when there's an 
announcement of price hike and some orders need to be fulfilled at the old price as 
well. So, with a slight lag, there have been 2 price hikes between the two Q2s. 
 
Akash Shah: 
Yes. Understood. Ayush, so going forward, how should we think percentage 
contribution of Tiles would be to our overall topline? Would it be 10%, 15% of 
revenue? Or I mean, or would it go to 20%, maybe 1 or 2 years down the line? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
I would say any number between 8% and 12% would be a very comfortable number 
because that would make sure that our estimate of margin increase at the EBITDA 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 16 of 18
 
 
level of 50 to 75 basis is maintained. And if the Company adds between INR 350 
crore to INR 400 crore of topline annually, so Tiles could be anything between INR 
150 crore, INR 180 crore business. 
 
Akash Shah: 
Yes. Understood. And so, we have around, please correct me if I'm wrong. We have 
around INR 485 crore of cash as of September 2022. So, any thoughts on how we 
are planning to utilize this cash because internal accruals would be able to fund the 
capex plan that we have. So, any thoughts around that? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
INR 485 crore was the number in September '21. In September '22, it's INR 573 
crore. And in any case, last year, there was a special dividend on the 40th year of the 
Company in addition to the regular dividend. So, dividend is normally 17%, 18% of 
PAT last year, of course, the number instead of INR 20 crore was INR 46 crore. So, 
let's see, based on the capex needs, the growth of the Company, the working capital 
needs, the Board will decide on this year's dividend. Normally, that ratio of the last 
6 years has been 17%, 18%. But other than that, growth is something that the 
Company is more interested in rather than using the cash for any other purposes. 
 
Akash Shah: 
Yes, understood. And just one last question, if I can. So, if I look at H1 FY23, we have 
clocked around 54.8% gross margins, which was higher than even H1FY19. So 
broadly, can we build this gross margin as a sustainable number going forward? Or 
this may once again may revert to 50% to 53% that we have seen in past? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
There are a lot of activities being carried on in the Company. The trade margins are 
being negotiated wherever they can. The cost basket is being analyzed on a regular 
basis. The aim is to keep on increasing the gross margins, unless something volatile 
happens in the RM basket, labor basket or transport basket. We don't see the gross 
margin changing. Only one addition that I'd like to highlight to you is that the 
Company has embarked on a new advertising and publicity campaign that will play 
out over the next 6 to 8 months and that will be an extensive campaign, but that 
will upgrade the brand tremendously, the benefits of which the company will get at 
least over the next 5, 6 years in higher sales. And the company is trying to increase 
its sales by 1.25 times annually. So, this kind of brand upgradation and repositioning 
upwards, this was an exercise that was required, and you're seeing the benefits of 
that. So that is the only major change, but that will not influence COGS or gross 
margins that will come right at the selling and marketing expenses and other 
expenses side. 
 
Akash Shah: 
Yes. Sir, and just one last bookkeeping. Ad spends for the year for FY23 would be 
how much percentage roughly? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Normally, they are 3.5%, 4%. This year, we could look at 5%, but that is subject to 
further discussion during Q3 and Q4. 
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 17 of 18
 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Just broadly you have answered all the questions. Just one thing that for H2, we are 
aiming, just revising the number that you said that H1 is 45%. So, if I just do a simple 
math, we are aiming for an 18% year-on-year growth in H2. So how much, I know 
you don't would like to comment on the volume thing. But given that we are not 
looking at any price hikes, what gives us the confidence of achieving such growth? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, price hike is not on the table at the current moment. So, I mean, we're talking 
about early November. In the short term, there is no discussion on the price hike. In 
the medium term, which is end of Q3 or Q4 is too long a time period to talk about 
price hikes given the changes in RM mix that we see. But the growth will come from 
new product introduction. And which is why we are not that focused or not that 
hung up on pure volume growth because we want to keep on increasing our share 
of premium products, where the margin profile, the brand image all come into play. 
 
And there are 3-4 other things that have been done in the background. Cera is the 
only Company which has not outsourced its aftersales service to third-party 
contractors. We are the only Company which has pierced a 10-year ceiling in 
Faucetware warranties. Our Faucets comes with a 15-year warranty on the forged 
brass piece in the Faucet. So those are the things which have been done behind the 
scenes to make sure that our share of new products continue to grow and our 
market share grows. 
 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Understood. So, sir, would that imply that the dealer inventory would be at a 
normalized level or they are stocking up or what would be the on-ground scenario, 
currently? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
First of all, the Company has to have inventory, and we have less than 19 distributed 
warehouses, which have to carry so many SKUs. So, if the Company has inventory, 
then there will be availability to the dealers, which is a very important metric for the 
way we look at sales. We have achieved that over the last 12 months. After many 
years, we want to keep that intact. The 80 days of inventory that you see does not 
include the dealer inventory. And dealers, they have access to just-in-time 
inventory, in most cases, 2-3 hours away from them because it's the Company 
depots and warehouses which stock a very large scale of inventory. For them to 
have a high need for inventory is not there, because once the Company raises an 
invoice, the dealer has to pay. So, for them, there is no need to have a high 
inventory. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Akshay Chheda from Canara Robeco 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 18 of 18
 
 
Akshay Chheda: 
My question was on the down-trading aspects. So how do you see that down trading 
happening in Sanitaryware and Faucetware going forward? Because at least in other 
categories, there are a lot of companies which are, atleast in other, say, building 
material categories, even the paint Company or even a plywood Company, so they 
are talking about a lot of down trading happening. So wouldn't that happen in our 
case because at least large part of our focus is on the premium side. So, I mean, how 
do you see that? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
 In fact, we have seen trends which are contrary because the bulk of our new 
products like I explained in Faucetware, PVD, Black Matte, French Gold, Yellow Gold 
or water turns, all our premium category launches and over time, they'll be 319 
SKUs. And share of new products has been increasing. New products are primarily 
in the mid and premium segment. So new product development, brand 
repositioning, new ad campaign all have tied in very well together. So, we are seeing 
exactly the opposite of the commentary many other companies have been 
providing. And there's one more reason for that, a lot of these companies are more 
focused on new home sales, which Cera is not. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and for showing 
interest in Cera's Sanitaryware Limited. Cera remains positive and its strong 
positioning in the industry and improving macros would help it deliver steady and 
consistent growth going forward. 
 
Should you need any further clarification or would like to know more about the 
Company, please feel free to reach out to me or CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking time to join the call and see you all next quarter. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Cera Sanitaryware Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
