 
 
                               CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, Rotunda Building, 
B.S. Marg, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q2-FY23 Earnings Conference call 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of                     
Q2-FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, November 10, 2022. 
 
The Transcript of Q2-FY23 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of the 
Company at www.kiriindustries.com. 
 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kiri Industries limited 
 
 
Suresh Gondalia 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As stated 
 
GONDALIA 
SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI
Digitally signed by GONDALIA SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=380015, 
st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=61EF2E945D9B454536111848
5ED828D8E6A17A5394D0CC83C0083D7FAE
6378BF, cn=GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
Date: 2022.11.15 15:36:52 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Kiri Industries Limited 
Q2 and FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of Kiri 
Industries Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” followed by “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Anuj Sonpal:  
Thank you. Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal 
from Valorem Advisors we represent the Investor Relations of Kiri Industries Limited. On behalf 
of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings call for 
the second quarter of financial year ended 2023. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement as always. Some of the 
statements made in today’s earnings conference call may be forward looking in nature. Such 
forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward looking statements 
in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings conference call is purely 
to educate and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review.  
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings 
conference call and hand it over to them for opening remarks.  We firstly have with us Mr.  
Manish Kiri, Managing Director; Mr. Jayesh Hirani, Senior Manager of Accounts and Finance; 
and Mr. Suresh Gondalia, Company Secretary. I now request Mr. Manish Kiri to start with his 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Manish Kiri:  
Good afternoon everybody and welcome to the earnings conference call for the second quarter 
of financial year 2023. I hope you are all keeping safe and well. During Q2 FY23, the industry 
experienced very sluggish demand driven by geopolitical tensions due to Russia Ukraine war 
for more than 34 weeks. Additionally, China recently announced new COVID Zero measures 
were in 28 cities are implementing varying degrees of lockdowns, which may global dies and 
dies intermediate products more volatile impacting growth of industry. During Q2 FY23 of Kiri 

 
Page 2 of 17 
Industries Limited attained consolidated sales revenue of 242 crore lower by 32% year on year 
basis and EBITDA loss of 7 crores, net loss for Q2 FY23 was 26 crores versus net profit of 12 
crores in the same period of last financial year. Coming to the H1 numbers company attained 
consolidated sales revenue of 519 crores lower by 20% year on year basis and EBITDA loss of 
15 crores, net loss for First half of FY23 was 53 crores versus net profit of 19 crores right in the 
same period of last financial year. During the quarter Kiri attempt standalone sales revenue of 
141 crores lower by 47% year on year basis and EBITDA loss of 32 crores against breakeven in 
the same period last year. The net loss for the quarter was 44 crores as compared to the loss 
of 7 crores last year. For the half year Kiri earned sales revenue of 312 crores lower by 32% 
year on year basis and EBITDA loss of 64 crores. Net loss for the first six months was 72 crores. 
During the quarter the prices of raw materials, gas, fuel, which were increased during the 
preceding two quarters have not reduced during the current quarter, which has impacted 
margins of all dyes intermediate units of the industry. The high legal costs also impacted margin 
during the quarter and half year, the payment cycle has also lengthened and inventory churning 
has decreased as a result of stagnant demand and unstable raw material prices. The company 
anticipates a smoothing of liquidity over the next few quarters and return to normalcy for the 
payable cycle over the next two to three quarters. In the matter of DyStar where Kiri was 
37.57%. The Supreme Court of Singapore has given judgment on July 6, 2022 in SIC4. Kiri has 
prevailed on the issues of Supreme Court with regards to 19% discount for the lack of 
marketability and quantum of license fees for the wrongful exploitation of the pattern. The 
Supreme Court had remanded the matter back to Singapore International and commercial 
court to give an effect to the decisions and to determine the quantum of license fees based on 
available evidences submitted by both parties and for reversal of DLOM. As per the direction 
of SICC related submissions from the parties had been completed, and final valuation order is 
awaited. The judgment was also reserved. In another appeal against cost order of SICC dated 
8th December 2021, hearing at Supreme Court of Singapore had been completed on 
September 16, 2022, and order from the Supreme Court of Singapore is reserved and awaited. 
In SIC-7 Kiri and DyStar had filed appeal against SICC order with regard to Preferred Supplier 
status to Kiri. SICC had rejected Kiri’s claim related to be treated as preferred supplier against 
DyStar vide their order dated September 24, 2021. The hearing of appeal at Supreme Court of 
Singapore had been completed on 22nd September, and order is reserved and awaited. Kiri 
has been keeping an eye on the world market for the dyes and has been actively taking steps 
to mitigate challenging market conditions and reduce cash losses. Company is working to 
ensure that its product mix is optimal in order to boost overall margins, allowing the business 
to absorb its fixed costs and make a big step forward as we normalize revenues and EBITDA in 
the upcoming quarters. As I mentioned, operational margins are currently negative, but we 
expect it to stand positive once the world markets stabilize and the demand increases. With 
that I would now like to open the floor for any questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We take the first question from the line of Brahma Shetty Suresh from 
Braham Financials. Please go ahead sir. 

 
Page 3 of 17 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Sir actually, the Supreme Court cases September you can expect a complete. But okay, I am not 
asking about it you can expect any time delay, what is the reason? 
Manish Kiri:  
I think we have been quite actually following up on the on the final number and the final 
judgement from SICC and then as I mentioned in my speech, all the submissions got completed 
on August 29 and we were expecting that at least in a month or two the judgment should come 
from SICC but somehow maybe due to their internal court process, the delay happened and 
we continue to await. Now it has already been more than two months, actually two and a half 
months by this time from the submissions which got completed on August 29 so we hope that 
any day anytime the final judgement has to come from SICC regarding the valuation number, 
so let's hope that it is announced that from the court on any day. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Okay. Actually sir it is voluntary not delaying the court. No, it is not. 
Manish Kiri:  
I think it is generalize delay in court, and there is no particular or specific reason for the delay. 
Neither court gave any further instructions to submit anything more right. So, it was only the 
general delay that the court is experiencing and we are experiencing for the same. So, there's 
nothing specific reason that has caused this delay. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Sir not a legal action, but any take delay of so much time you can take any action or write to 
the court for delay this issue. Any chances is there any action taken. 
Manish Kiri:  
We may write to the court? Is that what you are asking? 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Yes sir. 
Manish Kiri:  
See based on the protocol, now the legal councils of Kiri or the legal counsels of Senda once 
the judgment is reserved, there is no system to follow up. Okay. So, we just need to wait and 
keep patience till the judgment comes. There is no process of filing anything to follow up on 
the judgments which are already reserved. So, I think we have no choice but to keep patience 
and it is actually testing your patience, our patience, everybody’s patience. There is no 
procedure to write to the court once the judgment is reserved. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Actually your legal panel is there in Kiri, but your panel what time expected, at any day or any 
time. You are also waiting. 
Manish Kiri:  
Any day everybody's waiting any day. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Sir actually okay DyStar is okay. But in the stand alone Kiri will give a turnaround performance 
how much time takes it? It is the only depend on Kiri continue loss making in standalone 
without DyStar. After DyStar court judgment is completed, you can get the money after 
standalone Kiri financially turnaround how much time take, you can take any steps to 
individually standalone you can grow. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
Manish Kiri:  
Very correct questions actually and even before the DyStar funds come stand alone has to turn 
around and stand alone has been impacted due to several reasons, market dynamics is one 
reason, our continuing heavy legal expenses is second reason and third reason is high volatility 
in the prices of input raw materials correct. So, these are broadly speaking three reasons 
impacting our financials, but we are working continuously to improve and hopefully in the next 
quarter or two, you will see a turnaround because we are rationalizing lot of products we may 
discontinue certain products temporarily we may change certain products temporarily. We 
may you know reduce our cost in terms of employees which is happening as we speak. So, we 
are trying to make certain changes to reduce the losses and to break even as soon as possible 
even before it has nothing to do with the DyStar proceed funds this this we have to do anyway 
and if you look at the consolidated EBITDA as I mentioned in last quarter also because the raw 
materials go to Lonsen Kiri and then and then the group company sells to the customers which 
is consolidated into Kiri and if you look at that level EBITDA data loss is 7 crore. So, we will 
shortly bridge and next quarter you will see that it is not there. We are working on it right now. 
So, we would do it even before that. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Before judgment 
Manish Kiri:  
Before the DyStar fund comes. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Sir actually after DyStar amount received. DyStar you are not depended on any Kiri products in 
DyStar business tie up after. 
Manish Kiri:  
Kiri is not selling any products to DyStar as on today also. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Sir any legal actions further? 
Manish Kiri:  
No legal actions further, no cases further. I think once this judgment is out there is no pending 
legal actions or there is no any other actions related to minority operation and buyout. There 
is no further legal proceedings left, nothing now. It is only to realize funds. This is the only legal 
action which will take place going forward. It is pertaining to enforcing the order. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Sir one small doubt it is not a company issue but generally I can talk to market. So many 
investors in Kiri in social media rumor Kiri is some play with Dystar case or FPI is already they 
have taken Rs. 10 rupees Rs. 20 rupees share you can sold it. Any mutual fund is not interested 
to take investment in Kiri just is it a social media rumor, but you cannot misunderstand just I 
am asking as an investor what is that issue? Sir, you can just clarify your side. Please do not 
misunderstand, please give reply. 
Manish Kiri:  
Such kind of social media rumors are non-factual; they are false and it has nothing to do with 
the facts. Okay, so, these are not only incorrect, these are baseless and nothing related to that 
actually. Okay. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Sir you can also eagerly waiting, please best wishes to receive as early as. 
Manish Kiri:  
We are also eagerly waiting. Thank you. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
Can expect much time sir any day anytime. Again, at least November month ending will 
complete. Chances is there. 
Moderator:  
Mr. Suresh I am sorry to interrupt may we request you to return to the question queue as we 
have other participats. 
Brahma Shetty Suresh: 
done here. Okay. Thank you, Madame. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
We take the next question from the line of Mr. V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
VP Rajesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity and Manishji just clarifying your comments on the Singapore case, 
you are saying that the DLOM and patent issues will be sorted out anytime is that correct and 
then there are a couple of other court cases which are also pending. 
Manish Kiri:  
Now for the valuation related judgment, which Supreme Court ordered in our favor and 
overturn on two points, as you rightly said, DLOM and the patent license fee, so that judgment 
would come at any day anytime right now till from SICC giving effect to the Supreme Court's 
decision. Now, that's the main judgment. Besides that there were two other cases which got 
concluded again in the Supreme Court in appeal, one was related to the legal cost, if you look 
at the previous judgments, there was a legal cost related judgment of S$8.11 million plus 
interest and the other party Senda went to appeal against that, and that hearing also got 
concluded in September judgment is reserved and awaited right now, there was a third side 
case. So these are side cases, there was a third side case which again went also to appeal from 
Kiri side, where there was a side case Kiri filed against DyStar about not treating Kiri as a 
preferred supplier and defaulting the shareholder agreement. So that was earlier two years 
ago ordered against Kiri and that was dismissed, and Kiri went to appeal against the order in 
the Supreme Court that side case also got completed in September and the judgment is now 
reserved and awaited. So even side cases are completed in Supreme Court now. 
VP Rajesh: 
I understand. I think in the last one concall. You said that because of the DLOM, ruling coming 
in our favor, we should get approximately $600 million dollar from Senda, that is correct or 
that figure has changed., 
Manish Kiri:  
That is correct. So DLOM number is very clear in the in the court’s documents, DLOM is very 
clear in the earlier judgment. Even if you read the judgment of June 2021, you will see that the 
DLOM number and that would be completely reversed. So, there is no debate on DLOM, the 
only number which SICC had to decide was the patent license fee number and the submission 

 
Page 6 of 17 
which got completed on August 29 was only pertaining to the patent license fee and nothing 
else and that number was having a range from 1 million which was awarded earlier and 
overturned by Supreme Court and another number from Kiri side was 40 million. So now it is 
up to the court to divide and pick any number between 1 and 40 and whichever number that 
pick right it would be more than 600. 
VP Rajesh: 
So 600 million is just for the valuation of our stake plus the patent fee that could come 
anywhere between 1 million to 40 million. 
Manish Kiri:  
Yes, yes. So whatever number is up to the judges to decide and that will be the number in 
addition to 600. 
VP Rajesh: 
Understood. Okay and then on the business front, you have been slowly ramping up your plans 
on the specialty chemicals pipes any update on that front. 
Manish Kiri:  
Yes, see, we unfortunately, we try to add several products we try to even first phase of our 
specialty intermediates are already operational, somehow we entered into a phase where 
market has not been supporting and that we see on the result fronts and I think the ultimate 
dependency on textile is affecting by chain effect on the demand side, just to give you some 
numbers, usually India exports every month reactive dyes to the tune of 18000 to 20,000 ton 
and last four months, the numbers indicate only 10,000 to 10,500. So, we are running at 50% 
demand and that is affecting our fixed costs per unit and that is what we are trying to address 
on immediate basis currently. So, even though our facilities are operational, even though we 
have certain products, which could be now adding more margin to us, but due to market 
slackness and the price issue, we are not able to get through, but let's hope that things change 
in the next quarter or two. 
VP Rajesh: 
So is the expectation that your profitability has now bottomed out at least on the EBITDA level 
and at the console level in Q3 and Q4. We should see positive EBITDA numbers. 
Manish Kiri:  
Absolutely, you will see the now we are bottoming out and you will see the change which will 
be happening at EBITDA level on console level as well as standalone. Again please take in mind 
that even in this quarter also and the earlier quarters our running legal expenses are ranging 
somewhere between 14 crore to 18 Crore right. So, when you add that on console basis, you 
will have profit instead of 7 crore loss, but unfortunately those legal expenses would continue. 
This quarter it would be lower but once we enter into enforcement phase, again, they are going 
to be there may be slightly lower number but we will see the continuity of legal expenses. 
VP Rajesh: 
So, if you can talk about a little more on this enforcement process, what will it look like? 
Because once the Supreme Court has given the judgments Senda has to pay up right. So, if you 
can just give us more color on what do you expect how it will unfold? 

 
Page 7 of 17 
Manish Kiri:  
See the way the process will follow is once the final number is announced and given by SICC 
there would be e certain time and there is 21 days’ notice that we will need to issue the legal 
for the recovery of the amount. Okay. So that will happen we may directly as soon as the result 
is out, and Senda is supposed to honor the judgment as early as possible within 21 days and if 
it is not honored, then we will have to go back to court and then we will have to induct and 
request court to intervene in the enforcement. 
VP Rajesh: 
I understood. Thank you so much and if I have more questions, I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentleman in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
a question from all the participants in the conference, please limit your question to two per 
participants. Should you have a follow up question, we would request you to rejoin the 
question queue. We take the next question from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead. Yogesh Tiwari: 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
So, my first question was basically around China. So what would be our dependency in terms 
of percentage in imports as well as exports to China? 
Manish Kiri:  
I see currently, exports to China is very-very minimum and it is next to nothing while import 
dependency on China on certain products are still there to give you an average, at least 20 to 
25% of the requirements of raw materials continue to be coming from China being served from 
China as on today, so that dependency is continuing on certain products.  There are areas in 
which on the finished product sales also we have competition from China and for example, 
prices of H. Acid today has been drastically reduced in China and some other intermediates 
also drastically reduced in China and that is putting backward pressure on Indian producers to 
match those prices and that is how even the global prices due to the competition has gone 
down to bottom. So, to the extent that those are non-profit making, and certain loss generating 
price levels have come. Unfortunately, due to lack of demand and excess supply, we have 
reached to this level. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And sir I assumed that the raw material would be coming through sea route. So from which 
ports, it is like we only operate through Shanghai port or which ports do we operate sir? 
Manish Kiri:  
There are several ports one is Shanghai and then another port where we get a lot of material 
is Ningbo so it also coming from Ningbo and one more port I think there are Tianjin is also there 
cyanuric chloride and certain raw materials are coming from the Tianjin. So, there are several 
ports we import from China, fortunately, freights have come down. So sea freight from China 
have been reduced and they are almost half compared to the peak levels that we experienced 
earlier. Certain naphthalene and naphthalene derivatives still China dependency is there and 
meta phenylenediamine and its derivatives still China dependency is continuing. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And also last year and on this the China factor basically. So in October there were news on 
closing of the ports because COVID and recently, some ports have reopened and the traffic has 
resumed. So has they reopen like what is the current status as of now? 
Manish Kiri:  
I think so there was a lot of hick ups and disruption when Shanghai was closed, if you remember 
few months back, right and then certain goods were diverted from other ports, but now it's 
smoothing out and getting regularize. So, situation is much better now from Chinese port 
operations compared to what was a month or two back. So yes, it has improved significantly 
now. Earlier after placing orders, we were estimating at least two and half three months now, 
we can expect material to come in one month to one and a half months. So it is coming on 
track actually. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Sure, but there is still some delay in the transit. 
Manish Kiri:  
There is some delay and sometimes transit ports cause delays to the extent of 20 days 25 days 
things like that. So, those transit problems are still continuing. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And sir lastly on the raw material front, so there has been price correction in commodities. So, 
when will we see the benefit of the decline in commodity prices for us? 
Manish Kiri:  
See the major commodity prices, which we depend on are the prices for example, related to 
caustic soda I mean the caustic prices renewed from Rs. 70 to Rs. 60 but comparatively still 
much higher. Similarly, prices of sulfur went down to Rs. 8 and then increased back to Rs. 16-
17. Soda has reduced from peak of Rs. 46 to 36 to 37 but still continuing to be at higher level. 
So, those commodity prices which relate to our business are not crashed actually, have been 
still continuing at relatively high level. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Okay so sir this Rs. 8 to 60 sulfur prices and caustic soda this you are comparing between Q2 
and current quarter? 
Manish Kiri:  
These are increased from Q2 to the current quarters exactly. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Thank you sir. Thank you for answering the question. That is all from my side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
all the questions from the participants, please limit your question to two per participant. We 
will take the next question from the line of Mr. Namit Mehta from KC Capital. Please go ahead 
sir. 
Namit Mehta: 
There are couple of questions Manish sir from my side. First is I know that you have hired a few 
new people for new projects over the last couple of years. Are these people still in the 
organization and if yes what are they doing as we wait for the funds. 

 
Page 9 of 17 
Manish Kiri:  
They are still there in the organization. They are still working on several projects analysis. So, 
they are still there, they are still there and everyone is waiting for the funds to release from 
Singapore. I think implementation of the next phase of projects will wait and they are working 
on for example various fronts. So, they are working on environment clearances, for example, 
they are working on technology evaluations and technology tie ups, they are working on further 
reducing capital investments on each projects, what can be done so all the paperwork and the 
clearance work is going on, but not the implementation of the project site. 
Namit Mehta:  
Okay, got it and just one further question in the capital allocation side here. Two parts one any 
further thought on the dividends/buyback post proceeds, any sense on the quantum that you 
would like to distribute and then as a corollary to that, more sort of macro level question on 
capital allocation, where you have historically deployed, a few 100 crore in operational 
business. Now you are going to get 5000 crore, potentially, through the court award, you have 
talked about leveling up on that as well. So maybe, 6, 7, 8000 crores. So what sort of gives you 
the confidence of deploying such large sums of money, when that's not really been the case 
historically. 
Manish Kiri:  
Right see the part we never had this kind of money historically, right. So, there was never need 
historically. Historically, we have been in the business of dyes and intermediates and we do not 
intend to deploy this funds into the current business because it is not required besides 100-
200 crore of working capital. There is no further deployment that would be made in dyes and 
intermediates industry because it is not needed. So, entire chunk of money for future projects 
would be of a different scale of a different size and it would make sense to have and create as 
I repeatedly said earlier a different platform for Kiri, so it will be a transformative platform and 
with that there is no prior experience, but the team which would be deployed. The new 
management benefits for these projects, which would be hired would have a lot of experience 
to implement, run and operate this size of businesses. So we, we have aspirations to do that 
and hence, coming to your first question, we will deploy majority of the funds in projects phase 
wise, it is not like we will start 3-4 different projects at a time, but we will be slowly meticulously 
and prudently deploy funds for the larger projects, for the larger size of businesses in future 
and some portion would again given back to shareholders either dividend or buy back. Now, 
what could be that quantum again, is not decided yet, but as soon as the number comes out, 
we will deliberate and definitely the board will decide that number. So I am not able to give 
you a specific number, but yes, there will be a number to it. 
Namit Mehta:  
And just to sir to understand that a little bit more given the profiles of the new businesses will 
be pretty different from the existing business, why not sort of return a larger portion to 
investors and reinvest them through non-listed entities or independent entities, why do that 
within the frame of Kiri. Given that they are going to be businesses in different industries, not 
necessarily linked to the core dyes business. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
Manish Kiri:  
Right. So, the way we structure those new investments through new subsidiaries, and the 
separate value creations can take place, we see the fundamental reason to ramp up and to 
change the platform of Kiri with this once in a lifetime opportunity is for the benefit of 
shareholders. We would be entering into the projects that would be giving us much better 
return, then what the financial securities or others would earn for the company. So, we will do 
these projects, only if we see the return on investment and return on equity for the 
shareholders are substantially better than the other options and if we see that the return on 
equity or return on investment are not high, we may decide otherwise to give back. It all 
depends on what kind of returns we are able to generate to the shareholders with this chunk 
of money. 
Namit Mehta:  
Okay sure and then the last question. 
Moderator:  
May we requested to return to the question queue sir, we have many participants waiting for 
their turn. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Nishant Maheshwari, fellow 
investors, please go ahead sir. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
My question is related with the para 260 of the Judgement allowed to Kiri with respect to 481 
where the SICC has allowed earlier 12.6 in valuation judgement proposed as per the high push 
method. So in our mission, what is the value which we have seen from the court with respect 
to the valuation? Is it in the range of $40 million? So 591 plus $40 million is the total value 
which we seek from the court, I mean $631 million? 
Manish Kiri:  
So you look at that para in which DOLM specific number is mentioned. Correct. So you add that 
to 481. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
DLOM is not disclosed. DLOM is not disclosed, because if we add DLOM it comes to find $591 
billion and when we talk about 488 fees, what is the valuation which we have seek from the 
court? Right? 
Manish Kiri:  
So our side number in the court was 40 million. Court earlier awarded was 1 million, which 
Supreme Court has reversed and reverted back to SICC to decide between any number 
between 1 to 40. So as you rightly said, whatever number judges decide between 1 and 40 
based on the existing evidences before the court and whatever number that the court finds 
appropriate that number will be added to that and that will be the range that is the range 
between 1 and 40. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
Correct so 1 and 40 sir what is the role of the company in Mauritius? We have incorporated in 
2009 A company called Kiri international Mauritius Limited. So, it was the named as a 
dependent company in hearing when I checked in SICC site. So, what is the role of this company 
and what is the present status of the company? 

 
Page 11 of 17 
Manish Kiri:  
That Company was closed in 2012 Okay and it was opened in 2009 to acquire DyStar through 
Mauritius step down subsidiary of Singapore. So, in 2009 Kiri Holdings Singapore was formed 
which was then changed to Dystar Global Holding and an original idea was to have a step down 
subsidiary in Mauritius and then Mauritius acquired DyStar entities in 2010. So, that was the 
intent it was opened in 2009, but then the Singapore entities acquired DyStar directly from 
Germany. So, it was not required and then 2012 that entity was closed, but one share was there 
during that time, and that is the reason that you see that name during the acquisition time 
appearing in the court documents. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
So, right now, shares are held with Kiri Industries India or with the subsidiary. 
Manish Kiri:  
Kiri India. 
Nishant Maheshwari: 
Sir what is the cash level of DyStar and the value of associated companies? Are they 
comfortable in honoring the judgment? 
Manish Kiri:  
Yeah the cash level of DyStar based on our understanding by end of December would be more 
than 500 million and there are no bank loans in DyStar. 
Moderator:  
So we take the next question from the line of Mr. Purab Shah. Please go ahead, sir 
Purab Shah: 
My question had to do with the project that we are looking at with the new capital that we are 
expecting. Just wanted to understand is there any reason we are looking at such a wide range 
of projects instead of concentrating on maybe one or two because unprecedented to see 
success in so many projects simultaneously under one roof? 
Manish Kiri:  
You are absolutely right, we are looking at number of projects and evaluating number of 
options. It is not one or two. So, we still not decided which projects we will commence and 
which project we would select. There is a separate committee the board has formed and that 
committee will review the projects when time comes and make prudent decision where to 
invest and which projects to invest in. So we are still at the evaluation side and we are 
evaluating number of projects. Separate project teams are evaluating the large number of 
options and not limited to few projects. 
Purab Shah: 
Just following up on that if let's say you like five projects, is there a limit to the number of new 
ventures we will be looking at like one, two, five how many ever it could be or is it open as of 
now that how many of projects we like that are feasible that we go ahead. 
Manish Kiri:  
See we are open with which projects and it could not be one or two it should be multiple. So 
we diversify our risk, but we choose the project which makes the best business sense and which 
has the best earning potentials for the shareholders. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
Purab Shah: 
And just another question on their balance sheet, the payables. The trade payables keep going 
up so is there any reason that it is now close to 300 crore that number is increasing quarter on 
quarter. 
Manish Kiri:  
So, if you if you recall company had an obligation by September end to pay 68 crore. Okay. It 
was the pre settled debt and that has gone now. So, some of the working capital funds were 
utilized to pay the pre-settled liabilities and all the ARC loans which have been there in the 
company since last almost 7-8 years all have been repaid. So, we are from that sense 
completely out of that debt. 
Purab Shah: 
So next in the coming few quarters they should drastically improve then. 
Manish Kiri:  
It will improve. 
Purab Shah: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. So, we take the next question from the line of Mr. Jay Bhateja from JV investments, 
please go ahead sir. 
Jay Bhateja: 
Sir my question is related to last quarter only. We have been expecting the judgement and the 
company's business to improve but somehow we are always getting the same reply that we 
will improve from next quarter or something or some environment will change, but when can 
we expect it should be seen results better, when can we see the results are a profitable for the 
company. 
Manish Kiri:  
See let me put it this way. Currently the market situation and the dynamics of dyes and 
intermediate industries are uncertain, right. So, when we are hopeful and when we give you a 
positive outlook, it is based on certain improvement assumptions, but to be honest with you, 
the markets continue to remain uncertain and as you can see, the entire export of dyes from 
India is at half level. Correct now, in such a scenario, you can understand that even the textile 
sector has been doing, slow and not well domestically. So, we hope and we tried to make 
certain changes internally to improve the numbers and to improve the bottom line. But top 
line whether we will improve or not, it's still uncertain, right. So, you said very rightly. But 
unfortunately, from operations side, the reality is uncertain. Now, the second part of your 
question about the court judgments and as I mentioned before once a judgment is reserved in 
Singapore courts, there is no specific timeline that it would be announced or given. So, as on 
today, we have three reserved judgment sitting in Singapore Supreme Court as well as 
International Commercial Court, but we can only hope that it will come in a reasonable time 
and based on that hope, we give you a guidance that it should come, but the fact and the reality 
is it can come maybe today after our call is over or it cannot come even for next one month 
also, which I have neither idea nor visibility nor our counsels and lawyers have any idea when 
it will come. Right, but we can only make a statement based on the expectations. Now, if you 

 
Page 13 of 17 
look at certain judgments of July onwards or August onwards in international court, they have 
come. But our judgment has not come. Now, that is the reason that we wish to give you a good 
news, but somehow the system and the judiciary is testing our patience. 
Jay Bhateja: 
Thank you sir and my second question is, we have a lot of time like to decide what on projects 
we want and have we shortlisted any 2 or 3 projects or still the companies under survey to 
shortlist any project. 
Manish Kiri:  
Company will continue to survey in the best interest of the company to continue to survey until 
we have visibility of the funds. Why anything if we freeze now and after one or two years when 
the implementation starts, and if the market changes, you should not be retrospectively 
regretting your decision. So that is a reason that we would continue to evaluate rather than 
biasing ourselves to one or two projects and then we will make a decision at an appropriate 
time and as I mentioned there is a separate committee created under the board and which will 
continue to waste you all the projects that the management evaluate. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We take the next question from the line of Kalpesh Verma, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead sir. 
Kalpesh Verma: 
Sir last year same quarter earnings call, I asked you when the promoters are going to increase 
their stake in the company, you mentioned that very soon, already one year has passed so, why 
the delay whether this price is not favorable for the promoter or what? 
Manish Kiri:  
See it all depends on where the promoters have access to funds Kalpesh bhai right, so, 
promoters have been very keen even today also to increase stake. But it all depends on how 
promoters are able to arrange and infuse funds. Correct. So that is where the delay has 
happened. But again, the intention and the eagerness continue to be increased stake as soon 
as we can. 
Kalpesh Verma: 
Okay and next one is that during quarter three, quarter four concall in FY21, you said that one 
Senda goes into the appeal for the SICC order, you will ask the court for part portion of the 
amount to be transferred to the court, something like that was the narrative what happened 
on that portion? 
Manish Kiri:  
Sorry, I did not understand your question? 
Kalpesh Verma: 
Means during the SICC order in June 3, 2021, before that you were saying that when Senda 
goes to the appeal for this main case 483 million which was awarded, you said that you will ask 
the court for the part portion of the buyout money to be transferred to the court or escrow 
like that for the guarantee purpose? 

 
Page 14 of 17 
Manish Kiri:  
So see what happened after that, after June 2021, there were two things which happened, one 
is to go and file an appeal in the Supreme Court and second was to get a stay on the June 2021 
order. Correct. And Senda has not been able to have not secured a stay on SICC order of June 
2021. So technically, Senda is running in continuous default since June 2021, because not being 
able to secure a stay. Now Kiri wanted Senda to give some money, put some escrow and 
without that the stay should not be granted and that never happened. Okay So they will never 
secure stay and even today they are technically running default for more than one year and 
three months. Right. Now the appeal was admitted. An appeal admission was a different 
process and Supreme Court of Singapore did admit the appeal being one of the large and one 
of the bigger cases running in Singapore High Court and the International Court, but eventually 
today because they are not able to secure stay Kiri can claim that they have the contempt of 
court because of not being able to honor for such a long time. 
Kalpesh Verma: 
Okay. So, any assurance has been taken from the Senda that they will make the payment as 
soon as now the SICC gives the judgment within 21 days. 
Manish Kiri:  
No there is no timeline or there is a statutory recovery timeline of 21 days. So 21 days is a legal 
general timeline, so that is the practice that we will have to follow. 
Kalpesh Verma: 
So, after that you are sure that you have to go for the enforcement order. 
Manish Kiri:  
Yeah so it can all be in 21 days then we have to start the enforcement process. 
Kalpesh Verma: 
So post enforcement order how much timeline you are expecting within which the payment 
will be received. 
Manish Kiri:  
Well, that depends on the court how much time court gives them. So the way the process 
usually follow is the court will take control and then depending on hearing them, court will 
then decide, what would be the time to be given or not to be given any time? It depends on 
that. 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Kalpesh may we request you to rejoin the question queue sir, we have 
other participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. We take the next question from the line of 
Mr. Dharmendra Jakhodia, individual investor please go ahead sir. 
Dharmendra Jakhodia: 
We are investor in your company from like eight to 10 years okay now, the only question arises 
because the promoter holding is only 27% and if you are expecting such a big amount from 
Singapore curt why don't the promoter start buying from the market so that the investor get 
the confidence? Any plan on that? 
Manish Kiri:  
Well as I mentioned we are always keen to increase our stake and you will see in future but I 
cannot commit to you on any timelines number one, number two buying from the market by 

 
Page 15 of 17 
promoters also depends on the funds availability with promoters and currently that is not 
there. So, that is the reason that promoters and promoters are buying from the market of 
promoters increasing their stake right. It is work in progress and at the appropriate time you 
will see what happens I cannot give you any specific answer right now, but the only thing I can 
say is that promoter is extremely keen and very much having interested in investing. 
Dharmendra Jakhodia: 
Because as an investor we should have some confidence because we always see get 12 rupees 
when the FCCB was converted and there is always a fear that FPI will sold off the entire stake 
and investor will not get any money out of it. 
Manish Kiri:  
Se it depends on the on the holders right and if they sell they sell, so, it is not the company's 
control or anybody. 
Dharmendra Jakhodia: 
Agree with you because see our only concern is the promoters 
Manish Kiri:  
Right. So, irrespective of the stake of the promoters. 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt I think we have lost the connection for Mr. Dharmendra. We take the next 
question from the line of Mr. Rohit, individual investor. Please go ahead sir. 
Rohit: 
Sir recently, there have been a certain investor who has been systematically selling the shares 
daily, have the management have tried to have a call with them to understand why are they 
losing faith in the company and are continuously selling the shares? 
Manish Kiri:  
No, there is no discussion there has been no discussion neither the company or the 
management has approached them and I do not think that is a practice I think whoever wants 
to buy whoever wants to sell is their own decisions. We do not intend to interfere in that. 
Rohit:  
And sir, can we expect Kiri to be profitable for the financial year 2023 on our consolidated level. 
Manish Kiri:  
Well on consolidated level profitability will be there. 
Rohit:  
Okay. 
Manish Kiri:  
By the end of this year. 
Rohit: 
Okay. Lastly as a general comment as an investor with respect to Kiri is generally as a 
shareholder investor, any company see a positive movement, even if there is a rumor, the 
company never happen therefore Kiri India there is rumor, there is 100% surety that Kiri India 
will receive amount of money within one day or within one year. But still we do not see that 
positive moment from the shareholders. I do not know what has happened, but I think 
management should try to understand probably something is missing from management or 

 
Page 16 of 17 
there is definitely something missing that even after 100% surety that we are willing to receive 
such a huge amount shareholder do no see the positivity. 
Manish Kiri:  
I think I can only make assessment what you can make and one of the reasons is the investors 
and even us also as a management and the company expected since 2015 beginning to 
guarantee Singapore Court Issue get resolved in two to three years and it has been now 8 years 
from 2023 beginning onwards we will be entering into a nine year of legal battle correct. Now, 
this nine years and the extended delays after delays then the one hearing then the COVID and 
then the appeals and then side cases you see so nine years have tested everyone's patience 
and then because of that, I think there is a market perception when it would come and when 
the company will have the next phase of growth in which year when nine years have passed. 
There is always a negative feeling about it. I think that is what is affecting the share price. If you 
ask me honestly that is what I can interpret and it is rightfully so. Because but when so the 
market would naturally think that let us let us believe when the money comes, correct. Now, 
as on today do I know that the money will come in December? No. Now, do I know that the 
money will come one year from now? No, I don't know. Correct. Do I know that the Lonsen 
would honor the judgment or not? I have no visibility, whether they intend to judgement or 
not. So with all the uncertainties, the market and shareholders perception will be not incorrect. 
Think that let us see what actual result comes in the end out of nine years legal battle and we 
ourselves were thinking that well, by 2018, the cases would be over and we will have finality 
of the judgment and out of this legal mess then 2019-2020 it should definitely happen. The 
legal counsel say that it is outer limit we should be able to go through the court so 2021 also 
pass and we are ending now 2022. So see that's where the basically patience we run out. 
Correct. 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt sir. Mr. Rohit may we request you to rejoin the question queue. Thank you. 
Reminder to the participants, please limit your question to two per participant. Thank you. We 
take the next question from the line of Mr. Pramod Kataria, individual investor, please go ahead 
sir. 
Pramod Kataria:  
I have a question this is a followup question, now as you are saying this court battle has been 
going on for nine years. I am also an investor in your company since 2014-15. Now everyone is 
aware. Now it's a fact that the company is going to receive 5000 plus crores, okay. Now stage 
by stage, SICC then what you call appeals and a lot of things happen the valuations, it took a 
lot of time. Now it's a fact that no one can deny that the company is going to receive 5000 plus 
crores. 
Manish Kiri:  
Yes. Absolutely. 
Pramod Kataria:  
Then why no one is interested. If it would have been in some other group like Tata or by that 
matter any valuation metrics and revaluation would have happened, but no one is interested 
in Kiri Industry at the moment whether have you not been anything like to improve the 

 
Page 17 of 17 
perception or whatever it can it has been done by the promoter group only to give the 
confidence and a lot of things 2500 crores is the market cap of the company and 5000 crores 
we are going to receive the amount the book value itself will go about 1100. Right now, the 
book value that Rs. 496. The book value will be 1100 crores why no one is interested. 
Manish Kiri:  
I think the same question I have what you have. Correct. So, I have no clue and no idea you 
know, why the shareholders do not want to put in. I am aware of what is happening and you 
are also educated well enough you also know that the cases have been completed, supreme 
court hearings have been completed, numbers are getting crystallized maybe 10-20 million plus 
minus, but broadly the numbers are there, but still the enough interest has not been generated 
all this information which you have all in public domain right and repeatedly, whenever we 
interact with the investors community or the analyst community we have explained again and 
again and all evidences are there in public domain. So still, if the valuation does not come and 
our valuations remain undervalue that is only the market can explain as a promoter and the 
management I wish that the valuation comes same as you after knowing all these things as 
educated investor how you know, but somehow it is not there, which is reality as on today. 
Moderator:  
I think we lost his line sir. Ladies and gentleman that was the last question for the day. I would 
now like to have the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal for closing comments. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
 Management will make the closing comments. Manish sir all over to you. 
Manish Kiri:  
I thank all of you for sparing your time and for participating in today's call. I will discuss with 
you next quarter hopefully better numbers and better results. We will see you next quarter. All 
the best keep well, thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you everyone. On behalf of Research bytes that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. 
