 
 
CIN NUMBER: L24110MH1919PLC000564 
 
Regd.Office: PROSPECT CHAMBERS, 317/21, DR. D.N. ROAD, FORT, MUMBAI – 400 001. INDIA 
Tel: 2204 8881-2-3 | Fax : 2285 2232 | E-mail ID : investor@dmcc.com | Website : www.dmcc.com 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Company Symbol: DMCC 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
Scrip Code : 506405 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on November 10, 2022, with investors and analysts 
on the financial performance of Q2FY23.  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call held on 
Thursday, November 10, 2022, at 2:00 p.m. (IST) with investors and analysts on the financial 
performance of Q2FY23.  
 
The said transcript will also be made available at the website of the Company at 
www.dmcc.com under Investors>>Announcements>>Analyst Investor Meets>>Investor 
Conference Call.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record. 
 
For DMCC Speciality Chemicals Limited  
(Formerly known as “The Dharamsi Morarji Chemical Company Ltd) 
 
 
 
Omkar Mhamunkar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No. ACS 26645 
Encl: As Above 
OMKAR 
CHANDRAKANT 
MHAMUNKAR
Digitally signed by OMKAR 
CHANDRAKANT 
MHAMUNKAR 
Date: 2022.11.15 16:33:35 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DMCC Speciality Chemicals Limited 
Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
10 November, 2022 
 
Management Participants 
 
Mr. Bimal L. Goculdas – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Dilip Gokhale – Executive Director  
Mr. Chirag Shah – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Omkar Mhamunkar – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
 
 
Analyst  
Mr. Abhishek Mehra – The Investment Lab 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DMCC Speciality Chemicals Limited 
(Formerly known as The Dharamsi Morarji Chemical Co. Ltd.) 

Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY23 DMCC 
Speciality Chemicals Limited earnings call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra from TIL advisors. Thank 
you and over to you.  
Abhishek Mehra: 
Welcome everyone and thank you for joining this Q2 FY23 earnings 
Conference Call of DMCC Speciality Chemicals Limited. The results 
and investor updates have been emailed to you and are also available 
on the stock exchanges. In case anyone does not have a copy of the 
same, please do write to us and we'll be happy to send it over to you. 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer your 
questions we have with us today, Mr. Bimal Goculdas, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Dilip Gokhale, Executive 
Director. Mr. Chirag Shah, Chief Financial officer. Mr. Omkar 
Mhamunkar, Company secretary and compliance officer. We'll be 
starting the call with a brief overview of financial performance, which 
will be followed by the Q&A session. I would like to remind you all 
that everything said in this call, reflecting any outlook for the future 
which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be 
viewed in conjunction with the uncertainties and risks that the 
company faces. These uncertainties and risks are included but not 
limited to what we mentioned in our annual report, which you'll find 
on our Company’s website. With that said, I will now hand over the 
call to Mr. Goculdas. Over to you, Sir.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our investor 
conference. You must have all read the results, and certainly it was a 
disappointing quarter. We had a reasonably good top line, but very 
low EBITDA margins and profit as well. We had in fact a loss of 2.8 
crores for the quarter. I'm sure you all have a lot of questions, but I 

Page 3 of 15 
 
can give you a background on the business side. So first of all, during 
the quarter sometime in July there was a sudden and significant crash 
in the main raw material prices along with many of the other 
commodities. The difference this time was that the crash happened 
within a couple of weeks and the drop was about 65% in terms of the 
previous value, this led to an immediate drop in the market. You 
know, there is no way the customers were willing to pay on the higher 
price of raw materials, so we had to take that loss. This is happening 
across sectors, in fact. And on the market side, we had a reasonably 
good first quarter, in the second quarter we started noticing 
deferment of shipments and because of the uncertainty and the 
continuing uncertainty in Europe, particularly very high energy prices 
in Europe and generally people have been reducing their stock, so the 
entire supply chain is being erased, so people don't want to keep any 
inventory which results in lower demand, which again results in 
producers getting panicky and then prices coming down. That's the 
fact of the matter at this time. On the project side and our internal 
working, happy to report that we've completed all our planned 
Capex. During the second part of the quarter, we completed the 
Speciality chemical plant at Dahej as well. So we look forward to 
ramping that plant up over the next few quarters. I think business 
wise the uncertainty as I mentioned continues, but since we are 
diversified across business areas, we expect the recovery to happen. 
I mean, once the supply chain has been made zero, it can't go further 
down and we believe that we are approaching that level at this time, 
with that I'd like to hand it back to Abhishek and I'm open for 
questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have our first question from the line of Rohit 
Balakrishnan from ithought PMS, please go ahead.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
So just I joined maybe 2-3 minutes late, so maybe if you had shared 
this number in your opening commentary, I missed it. In the 
presentation you mentioned, there were some inventory losses and 

Page 4 of 15 
 
also some Forex losses. So can you just quantify what kind of 
inventory losses did we have this time around?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
These are not exact numbers, but I can tell you that we typically hold 
one month stock of raw materials, so assume about five months, 5000 
tons of sulfur and the price dropped significantly from about, ₹35,000 
per ton to about ₹10,000 per ton. So if you do the math on that, you'll 
see a significant reduction in value, which naturally once the prices 
dropped, the customers of sulfuric acid will expect the price based on 
the new value. That itself is about is about 15 crores. Other thing was 
the Forex loss. See we have converted some of our loans, term loans 
into foreign currency because there's a delta in the interest rate. But 
what happens when there's a devaluation of the rupee, is that you 
have to take a mark-to-market loss in your book. So we have revenues 
in foreign currency which will happen over the next few years. We 
also have payments of these loans which will happen over the next 
few years, so there is a balance, we have a positive balance on that, 
but at this time, because of the devaluation from 75 levels to about 
81 levels and we have loans of about $5 million in foreign currency, 
so that itself is about 3 crores in terms of forex mark to market loss 
which we had to account for.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Got it and so these inventory losses largely you would assume in the 
bulk chemical right?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
Yes.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
OK, and so given you mention that we've finished all our Capex so 
demand, assuming it comes back, inventory de-stocking, whatever 
happens, do you expect them to start contributing from this quarter 
itself? Or how do you see that outlook? I know you mentioned it's a 
bit uncertain, but if you can give a bit more on this.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
As usual I don't like to give predictions on this, but the global situation 
is known to everybody. And unless there's some settlement in 
Ukraine, I don't see Europe coming out of this mess that they are in, 

Page 5 of 15 
 
and consequently, I believe that it will affect the global economy, not 
just the global chemical industry to a significant extent, unless this is 
sorted. I think everybody realizes it.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
So I know we've been extremely conservative and I've been tracking 
the company for a while so I know how you think so and for the first 
time in many years we've had some debt now. I mean, it's at least 
some substantial debt. So how are you thinking now, I mean, we will 
have expanded depreciation also and fixed costs from the plant and 
also from the interest cost point of view. So how are you thinking? I 
mean specifically, in terms of debt, like what is the peak debt you 
think we'll have? Is it the peak debt or you think there could be more 
given working capital issues, etc.?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So in terms of debt I think we are at the peak; we have no significant 
investment plan. And even in terms of working capital. We had 
already reached a very high limit because of the inflated raw material 
prices. Now with that coming off, it eases some of that pressure as 
well. Interest cost has gone up as you're aware, both in rupee terms 
as well as in foreign exchange. But that's a part of it.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Right, so given you mentioned that Europe, in general, has been in 
very bad shape, does it improve our competitive positioning or do you 
think hence we are in a better position whenever demand arises or 
do you think it's Right now the question of demand not being there, 
and that's a very bigger issue?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So I've been asked this question on different forums and so one way 
to look at it is because energy cost in Europe is high that business will 
go overseas and India could be a beneficiary, correct? But if the 
demand itself is disrupted then the question of cost and all does not 
arise. So I was at a conference organized by the International Council 
of Chemical Associations, where they were hoping that the winter 
would be mild so that they would have enough gas to supply the 
entire industry. Because obviously, their priority will be to heat 
homes. And for that, they have enough gas. But they were not sure 

Page 6 of 15 
 
about supplying sufficient gas to the industry. So on one hand, your 
competitor may not have gas. On the other hand, your customer also 
may not have gas, so what happens in that case, so difficult to predict 
so far the winter has been mild, but you can't say what's going to 
happen.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Also just on the Boron side, you were expecting that this year should 
be better given the availability of Boron should improve, but also 
anything you'd like to share on that segment? 
Bimal Goculdas: 
 It is certainly better than last year. But we are still not getting the 
kind of raw material we need. We are struggling all the time with the 
suppliers and essentially there is really 1 supplier globally which is 
trying to meet everyone’s needs and it's just not enough as yet.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
OK, understood. And given all this turmoil in terms of raw material 
prices going up, going down, interest costs going up. I mean from your 
point of view, from your vantage point, your payback, have they 
changed drastically or do you think that three-year payback that you 
have consistently mentioned and that continues to be there 
Bimal Goculdas: 
So you don't factor in a prediction of war in your payback calculation 
so that came as a surprise to everybody. See I already believe that the 
destocking is nearly over. So it is not going to destock much further 
because there's nothing to destock and by end of November. You 
know, end of December, people have to start buying again, even just 
to maintain. We are seeing in different segments, like dyes and 
intermediates, the pigments they're really operating at low levels 
these are our customers, so they will eventually restart, and I believe 
that in terms of I can't look at it a quarter on quarter and all, but in 
the medium term, we believe we've made the right investment where 
we will be the lowest cost producers anywhere in the world so that 
way we are well positioned, instead of three years, you may have a 
payback for four years because of the war. That's a different story, 
but anyway, our major investment was on the bulk chemical plant, 

Page 7 of 15 
 
where we had taken a longer-term view and that is something which 
we needed anyway.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jeevan Patwa 
from Sahasrar Capital. Please go ahead.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
Just one question. So since we are now completed with all the Capex. 
What's the revenue potential you see at the full capacity utilizing so 
at the current prevailing prices?  I'm saying so what is the total sales 
potential we can achieve it at full capacity utilization?  
Bimal Goculdas: 
So as I mentioned earlier, of course, it depends on what price levels 
you consider and all that. But with our current investments, we 
believe that around 500 crores would be the visible top line.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
OK, perfect and secondly this repair and maintenance cost has been 
higher, actually every quarter. So is it's almost 3%, 4%, 5% of the top 
line. So why every part we have this cost?  
Bimal Goculdas: 
So, this also have been asked, even within the within the company 
also, we have been discussing and the thing is we have done a lot of 
upgrades and we have continued to do a lot of upgrades to the 
infrastructure to the roads, to the laboratories, or things like that at 
the location in Dahej, of course, we are creating some things or 
upgrading the laboratory to meet the internationally accepted levels 
and Roha also we are expanding a lot of the infrastructure, improving 
the roads, things like that. So yes it has gone up now, also in this 
quarter in October and December we do have a planned maintenance 
shutdown. So some of the expenses we would have made or will plan 
to make in the shutdown would also be done in the previous quarter 
because you have to pay some of the advances.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
OK, so how long this cost will keep coming in the end? There's a 
continuous operation you are saying, so are we still doing it?  
Bimal Goculdas: 
Other thing you have to remember is that if you compare it to last 
year’s numbers, we had no sulfuric acid plant at Dahej, we have 

Page 8 of 15 
 
significantly lesser operations. So you have to also look at that point 
of view. Yes, it's a new plant. Yes, it's much less maintenance than it 
would be at Roha, but there would still be something. So from 
October to March onwards, if you look at those numbers which will 
publish sometime in end of April, you'll get an idea of what it's likely 
to be going forward.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
Perfect and now since we're taking shutdown at Roha, but I think it 
should not affect too much because we will have a plant in Dahej, 
right? The sulphuric Acid plant going in Dahej, so that should 
not impact too much on operations.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So it will affect the operation, but yeah I guess. The impact would be 
much more dramatic if there would be no plant at Dahej. It would be 
Smoothened out, some things we are able to deliver between the two 
locations, but not everything. And certainly, there would be a drop in 
the volume. But it would be much less dramatic than what it had been 
in the past when we had only one location.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aman Vij from 
Astute Investment Management. Please go ahead.  
Aman Vij: 
My first question is on the Sulfone side, so any update on the value-
added Sulfone part? If you can give us.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
As I said we are doing some of the Sulfone and they continue to 
perform reasonably well. But again because of the global slowdown 
in so many areas not seeing the full impact.  
Aman Vij: 
But in terms of product stability and all those things, so we were 
relying on one Sulfone as of now, Is it the same scenario or have the 
second product also started contributing?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
Yeah, we have a couple of products now in line.  
Aman Vij: 
If you can give the number of products in Sulfone division?  

Page 9 of 15 
 
Bimal Goculdas:  
Yeah, number of grades, products and I think again depends on the 
overall market, but from customer approval side and everything we 
should have some results in the next six months.  
Aman Vij: 
Sure, Sir, my second question is on our newer products which we 
have launched the last 1-2 years, if you can give some update on the 
same as well as any other new product which we have launched in 
the last one or two quarters? 
Bimal Goculdas:  
We are continuing to launch the Sulfur based products. As I said, we 
are not at liberty to disclose individual names. But we have been 
doing these in multipurpose plants and also now in a dedicated plant 
at Dahej which we'll see ramp up in the next quarter or two. Number 
of products are based on either, you know, sulfonation, chloro-
sulfonation, things like that.  
Aman Vij: 
Sure, Sir, any number for the number of new products launched in 
the last six months?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So off-hand I know that we have done three products again, smaller 
volumes from multipurpose plant, but we expect that they could be 
decent contributors to the bottom line.  
Aman Vij: 
Sure sir my final question is on the Speciality portion of the business. 
If you can talk about what was the gross margin impact on this part 
of the business because of the issues you highlighted especially 
Sulphur prices crashing, and also what was the volume de-growth in 
this business.   
Bimal Goculdas:  
So on both things in the speciality side, we would not have much 
impact of the change in the value, because there most of them are 
based on contracts. So we've got either written contracts or 
understood contract, but they are dependent on fluctuations in the 
raw material. So those margins would be stable really, get hit on the 
bulk side where you have no such protection and in terms of volumes. 
I don't think there would be much of de-growth in the sense, but we 

Page 10 of 15 
 
are looking at expanding. Particularly the speciality chemicals at 
Dahej that expansion may take a little longer than what we would 
have liked. Because of this situation, particularly in Ukraine.  
Aman Vij: 
Sure, so whenever this situation stabilizes and with the new Capex 
new plant coming up of speciality side. If we do X today, what is the 
business we can do in terms of volume once things stabilizes?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
Well, I can reveal that we've doubled the sulfuric acid, so we'll go to 
two lacs tons of sulfuric acid from one lakh tons. Then the other 
products we are not disclosing individual product volumes, but as a 
general guideline, I can tell you that our idea wants to replicate the 
Roha operations at Dahej. Some products being common, some 
products being different, but that's an idea. I can give you. I can't tell 
you more than that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Kumar Ashish, 
an individual investor, please go ahead.  
Kumar Ashish:  
I have just two questions. The first one is that as you discussed earlier, 
total amount of 500 crores from the current Capex. That is 100 crore. 
It means it 5X asset turnover.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
No, that is the total sales we will reach. If you look at the earlier 
numbers, so typically around 2X is what we are expecting. 
Kumar Ashish:  
OK, so how much amount is contributing in financial 23 or 24 from 
the Capex?  
Bimal Goculdas: 
So we completed the Capex only in different phases the main plant 
got commissioned in January, the bulk chemicals plants and other 
plants got recently commissioned. So not much contribution from the 
Speciality side as yet.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Abhishek 
Getam from Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead.  

Page 11 of 15 
 
Abhishek Getam: 
 Sir sorry I missed the point, so you said our bulk Sulphuric plant has 
gone from capacity of one lakh to two lakh capacity, right?  
Bimal Goculdas: 
 So we earlier had one plant in Roha. Now we have one plant in Roha 
and one plant in Dahej.  
Abhishek Getam: 
So Roha was 1 lakh and now Dahej is also 1 lakh and out of the Dahej 
1 Lakh will be utilizing 50% date for the Speciality.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
Yeah once we get the specialities up to capacity, that is what we 
expect that around 50% is consumed in-house and about 50% is sold.  
Abhishek Getam: 
OK, and in Roha 1 lakh we selling in the markets. 
Bimal Goculdas:  
No, even there we are consuming about 50%.  
Abhishek Getam: 
So OK, currently on the Roha we're consuming 50%, yeah. OK, it's 
understood, so any sort of a guidance or guidelines on how do we 
track the speciality intermediate set of a business? Since we don't, 
we're not disclosing tonnage capacities.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So we are disclosing the different bulk chemicals and their specialities 
separately. So if you look at the absolute numbers you'll be able to 
track it.  
Abhishek Getam: 
OK, but we won't be disclosing the tonnage or anything. OK, and also 
on the intermediate side. So this is a plan for one client-specific, 
right?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So one major client would be an anchor client, but it's not exclusive.  
Abhishek Getam: 
OK, and that capacity has now come online fully to 100%.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So we've not achieved the capacity because, we've recently 
commissioned the plant, It goes through some approval processes 
and all that and with this situation in Europe, some of the things have 
slowed down, but we expect that that by next year we expect to get 
to capacity.  

Page 12 of 15 
 
Abhishek Getam: 
OK, and the intermediate plant that can also do a 2X sort of asset 
turn.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
Yeah, typically 2-2.5 for the specialities and about 1-1.5 for the 
commodities. That's what we expect.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Keval Ashar 
from DSP investment managers. Please go ahead.  
Keval Ashar: 
So there's two questions from my side so first is the since. It's 
completed the full Capex in H1 FY23 by when do we expect it to reach 
to the optimum utilization or full facility?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So under normal situation, we would have expected that by March - 
April we would achieve full capacity, because of, as I mentioned, you 
know a lot of these products we are doing are from the market pull 
side, so there is demand. Therefore, we put it up. It's not the reverse. 
So we have visible customers and everything. The question is how 
much it gets delayed because of the Ukraine situation that is an 
unknown.  
Keval Ashar: 
OK Sir, got it. And second thing is if you can just throw some lights on 
which other products do you plan to further expand? So would it be 
on sulfur side or any other chemistries? Also further on what will be 
the size of Capex and by when do you plan to start the further Capex 
once we reach the optimum utilization of our current facility?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
Yeah, so we are still focusing on sulfur chemistry mainly and will 
continue to do that. In terms of Capex, we have no significant plans 
at the moment. This is our current Capex cycle is complete. We have 
some energy recovery plans at Roha to reduce our carbon footprint. 
And reduce our dependence on the grid. But apart from that, we have 
enough capacity. We believe for the immediate time at the most we 
may consider some investments on the boron side, but nothing is final 
yet.  

Page 13 of 15 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aman Vij from 
Astute Investment Management. Please go ahead.  
Aman Vij:  
I just wanted to understand with the shutdown coming in Q3 or what 
will be the approximate impact on both the bulk and the Speciality 
side of the business.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So it's a shutdown for about 25 days. So the Roha site would be 
almost totally shut and I can't disclose the exact numbers, but you 
can imagine that 1/3 of this quarter will be lost in Roha.  
Aman Vij:  
Sure, and the major impact will be on the bulk side, because 
specialities we would have saved sulfuric acid or we would have 
managed somehow like in the past.  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So you know it's not possible to stock up because you don't always 
have the capacity to make extra but in this case, it's in the current 
scenario the demand itself has slowed down, so we would be able to 
fulfill most of the demand, but remember this, we are not seeing a 
great requirement from many segments of our customers at this 
time.  
Aman Vij:  
So in terms of demand, Sir, is it the European demand which is 
broadly affected? Or are you seeing a slowdown in the domestic 
market as well?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So we do not really distinguish between the two demands, because 
they're always interconnected. If we supply to a company in India, but 
that company is exporting to Europe. Then, if their customer is 
affected, it will affect us as well. So this is a global situation. 
Everything is interlinked. Yes, we are in a better situation in India than 
in other countries. Our energy costs is under control, we have a 
growing population, things like that, but, all the chemicals which 
would go overseas would get affected directly or indirectly you may 
sell to US, but the US customer may have its end use in Europe. So 
then what happens it is a global problem that the situation in Ukraine 

Page 14 of 15 
 
is not a problem only for Ukraine or only for Europe. It's a global 
problem.  
Aman Vij:  
Sure, so if you have to approximately quantify the impact on demand, 
is it like 10%-20% or is it much more compared to a one two quarters 
back?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
Tough to say exactly like that, but it is significant. As I said different 
end-user segments would have different impact, things which you 
can easily postpone the purchase you will do, but something like 
medicines you may not be able to postpone the purchase, so you will 
continue to buy. You may not buy a car, instead of this year, you will 
buy a car next year or after two years, so all the components which 
go into the car will get delayed. It's like that all your discretionary 
expenditure will get delayed.  
Aman Vij:  
But on our company level we would have done the analysis. What 
portion is discretionary? Either it is intermediate or final versus which 
is still a very decent demand, so overall company level. What is your 
estimate in terms of demand side which is not in your control? Impact 
on demand?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
I can't give you a number of hand.  
Aman Vij:  
Sure, Sir, second question is on the inventory losses which we had in 
Q2. So is it mostly done? Or do we expect some more inventory losses 
in Q3 as well? And when will it be over by?  
Bimal Goculdas:  
So we have our accounting standards, we maintain a particular 
system of accounting where we take a weighted average cost of raw 
materials, so I think most of the impact would have been seen already 
in these numbers.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. As there are no more questions, I now handy conference 
over to Mr. Bimal Goculdas for closing comments over to you sir.  

Page 15 of 15 
 
Bimal Goculdas:  
Thank you, I would like to thank you all for attending. I know it's been 
a difficult quarter, but that's part of business and that's why we have 
the team in place and we have to make plans to take into account all 
these unforeseen events and my colleagues and I are very much here, 
we are seeing what's happening and rest assured that we are going 
to do what's in the best interest of the company. Thanks to Abhishek. 
Thank you for organizing this call and look forward to better results 
in the future. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you on behalf of DMCC Speciality Chemicals Limited. That 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines.  
----------------------------------------------------------x--------------------------------------------------------------- 
