 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | 102, Wellington Business Park-I, Off Andheri Kurla Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059 
Communication Office |11th Floor, BPTP Centra One, Golf Course Road Extension, Sector-61, Gurugram - 122011, Haryana 
(P) 0124-4598749 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990MH1994PLC080451 
 
 
 
 
AIL/SE/RCT/Q2/2022-23 
 
 
 
 
 
              November 15, 2022 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2022 conducted on November 09, 2022 at 09:00AM IST 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 
November 09, 2022 at 09:00AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the second quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2022. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations. 
 
Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter 
AIL/EC/2022-23/Q2 dated November 09, 2022. 
  
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
PARMITA 
CHOUDHUR
Y
Digitally signed by 
PARMITA 
CHOUDHURY 
Date: 2022.11.15 
17:10:18 +05'30'

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 09, 2022 at 09:00AM IST  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer 
of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Shobit Singhal – Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers 
 
 
 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call of Affle (India) Limited hosted by Anand Rathi Share & Stock 
Brokers. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Shobit Singhal from Anand Rathi. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Thank you Rutuja. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi, we 
welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY2023 conference call of Affle (India) Limited. 
I take this opportunity to welcome the management of Affle (India) Limited 
represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum, who is Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer of the company; and Mr. Kapil Bhutani, who is Chief Financial 
& Operations Officer of the company. Before we begin with the discussion, I would 
like to remind you that some of the statements made in today’s conference call 
maybe forward-looking in nature and may involve some risks and uncertainties. 
Kindly refer to slide #26 of the company’s Q2 earnings presentation for a detailed 
disclaimer. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of you 
are keeping in good health.  
We achieved robust organic growth in the first half of this financial year, despite 
the ongoing global headwinds that have impacted businesses globally. We closed 
this quarter with our highest quarterly revenue run-rate, highest conversions and 
highest EBITDA, anchored on our Affle2.0 growth strategy, tech innovations and 
sustainable long-term value creation.  
Affle delivered organic revenue growth of 29.1% y-o-y, PAT growth of 39.6%          
y-o-y in Q2 FY2023 and Revenue CAGR of 61.2% in Q2 over the last 3-year period, 
much ahead of the industry growth trends. Our CPCU business noted a strong 
momentum delivering 64.7 million user conversions during the quarter, an 
increase of 32.7% y-o-y at Rs. 51 CPCU rate. In terms of H1 FY2023, we achieved 
revenue growth of 64.4% y-o-y & PAT growth of 61.4% y-o-y and this was supported 
by well-balanced organic growth over the first 2 quarters. Our sequential growth 
was approximately 10% higher on revenue in India as well as similar trend in other 
emerging markets and 2% higher on revenue overall in Q2, with a clear pattern of 
bottom-line margin expansion on both q-o-q and y-o-y basis.   

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
3 
 
Our resilient performance in these testing times is a testament to our ROI-linked 
CPCU business model, the broad-based balanced growth and strong on-ground 
teamwork across global emerging markets. However, we did see a negative 
impact of the global headwinds in developed markets i.e., US and Europe. If not 
for the negative impact in developed markets, we would have potentially earned 
about USD3-4 million of additional revenue in the first 2 quarters of this financial 
year. To mitigate this short-term impact, we have realigned our execution 
strategies and operating resources to focus on improving our platform level 
pricing and profitability; as well as maximizing our strategic partnerships and 
overall productivity with even greater emphasis on bottom-line margin expansion 
and cash flow growth.  
As per our understanding of the trends in the industry forum discussions, the near-
term industry growth outlook across global markets for the year is pegged at 
approximately 10% sequential growth in H2 vs. H1 as more advertiser budgets will 
get unlocked & balanced over the festive quarter and Q4 FY2023. Affle’s strong 
organic growth momentum in H1 FY2023 should enable us to beat any short-term 
industry trends in H2 and we can realistically aim to end FY2023 with y-o-y organic 
growth % aligned with the long-term industry growth of about 25% CAGR over the 
next few years. Given our asset-light platform based business model, it is 
reasonable to expect margin expansion and thus our overall growth % on EBITDA 
and PAT in H2 will be significantly higher than our growth on revenue. 
In view of our long-term optimistic growth outlook of about 25% CAGR, we are 
continuing to invest in our organic growth operations & we are also actively 
evaluating inorganic growth opportunities in line with our Affle2.0 growth 
strategy and execution track record. We are placing even greater emphasis on 
value driven strategic investments based on bottom-line financial fundamentals 
and cash flow returns. We remain optimistic about our bottom-line growth for 
this financial year. 
Our focused execution on Affle2.0 strategy anchored on the 2Vs - (Vernacular & 
Verticalization) and 2Os - (OEMs and Operator) level partnerships has enabled us 
to drive deeper verticalization for our advertisers. This has further strengthened 
our moat and our Direct customers contribution has continued to be stable at 74% 
of our revenue in H1 FY2023. We further established our industry leadership 
position by winning the prestigious “Enabling Technology Company of the year 
award” for the 4th consecutive time at the MMA Smarties India 2022 and several 
other campaign awards in industry events. To reflect upon our platform strengths, 
we have also included three case studies in our Earnings Presentation focused 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
4 
 
upon Omnichannel Solutions for customers in Retail, Entertainment and Foodtech 
sectors in emerging markets.  
With that, I now hand over this discussion to our CFO, Kapil Bhutani to discuss the 
financials. Thank you and over to you, Kapil! 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you Anuj. Wishing everyone a good day.  
In Q2 FY2023, the Company reported Revenue from Operations of Rs. 3,546 
million, a growth of 29.1% y-o-y. Sequentially, while our overall Revenue 
increased by 2.0%, we had a significant revenue growth of about 10% in India and 
similar growth trend in Other emerging markets, on a q-o-q basis. Except for the 
developed markets, which anyways has a much lower contribution for us on a 
consolidated basis, our business across Global emerging markets remained 
resilient, with strong bottom-line growth momentum and margin expansion. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 723 million, an increase of 38.8% y-o-y 
and 5.3% growth q-o-q. EBITDA margin stood at 20.3% in this quarter vs. 19% in 
Q2 last year and 19.8% in Q1 sequentially.  
We are focused on higher profitability and margin expansion. This quarter, our 
EBITDA margin crossed 20%+ after a 4 quarter period, with Profit After Tax also 
slightly notched up. 
In terms of Opex, our Inventory and Data Cost stood at 62% of revenue from 
operations, witnessing improvement over our last few quarters trend.  
Our employee benefit expense for the quarter increased sequentially due to 
investment in human resources focused on business development activities and 
some currency adjustments. Further, we also rolled out our other platforms in 
various regions including the LATAM region. 
Our Normalized PAT for the quarter was Rs. 587 million, an increase of 39.6%       
y-o-y. Normalized PAT margin increased to 16.0% versus 14.9% in Q2 last year and 
15.6% in the previous quarter sequentially. 
We remain focused on working capital management. Our cash flow from 
operations and collection efforts have been robust. We are not seeing any 
increase in credit loss risk.  

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
5 
 
In regards to our balance sheet, you would have noticed a significant increase in 
one of the line items, that is ‘Other Financial Assets’. This increase is on account 
of the Fixed deposits having a longer tenure of more than 12 months and thus 
classified as non-current.  
As an update on our investment in Talent unlimited online Pvt. Limited i.e., 
Bobble, this investment continues to be classified as Held for Sale by the Board 
of the Company while we continue to maintain 26.24% stake in Bobble. 
Looking ahead, we remain confident of the long-term growth prospects and will 
continue to invest in our organic growth as well as evaluate inorganic investment 
opportunities with well calibrated focus on higher bottom-line growth for FY2023 
and beyond.  
With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Shobit Singhal from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Shobit Singhal: 
I have few questions. Given the macroeconomic risk globally and especially in US 
and Europe, have you seen any ad budget cut from clients? What are their 
sentiments and how do you see H2 FY2023? Second question is how much did 
Jampp contribute this quarter as compared to the last quarter? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thanks for your questions. In my commentary, I had already provided details on 
the impact of developed markets. The way we should look at it is that Affle’s 
business is in a very privileged position because of its deep focus on India as well 
as other global emerging markets. Because of that, we are continuing to see a 
very clear growth pattern in India as well as in other emerging markets on a 
sequential basis. When we compare Q1 to Q2, there is a clear sequential growth 
pattern in India and other emerging markets. Because of that a lot of the investors 
are saying, how come Affle is so immune to what is happening and keep on 
growing? We have a differentiated business model, emphasis on emerging markets 
and this keeps the Affle reasonably insulated and privileged on what is happening. 
There is definitely negative impact in the global developed markets primarily in 
US and Europe and in our commentary, we have also quantified that. If not for 
the macroeconomic global headwinds, we believe that the Company would have 
earned about USD3-4 million additional revenue in H1 FY2023. Even without that, 
I think our performance is very resilient, but in case there were no effects of 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
6 
 
budget cuts or the impact of the global headwinds, results would have been even 
more phenomenal.  
Coming to the second part of your question, we have also given a clear direction 
that overall in H2, we see the industry growth outlook is pegged to be around 10% 
sequential growth in H2 versus H1. This is based on our assessment of the 
discussions in the industry forums and competitors commentary for rest of the 
year.  So even with the macroeconomic risk factors, we will still continue to be 
growth oriented. As far as Affle is concerned, our growth momentum in H1 on     
y-o-y basis was quite substantial and on a sequential basis also, we have been 
able to keep a good growth momentum overall at least in the global emerging 
markets.  
With the festive season along with the balanced budgets that the advertisers are 
looking to increase over the festive quarter as well as Q4, it is reasonable to look 
at about 10% sequential growth in H2. Even with that, we are already emphasizing 
that our focus is on bottom-line margin expansion and profitability which would 
absolutely ensure that EBITDA and PAT growth is better than the revenue growth 
because of the bottom-line sensibility and focus on the asset-light business. The 
company’s every incremental growth is obviously leading to better margins and 
profitability.  
With respect to Jampp, we are already looking at the situation where in Q2 last 
year we had Jampp and this year Q2 also we have Jampp and therefore, it is 100% 
organic-to-organic comparison.  There is no need to slice & dice into Jampp vs. 
non-Jampp.  But qualitatively speaking Jampp is more calibrated on developed 
markets than the rest of Affle’s business, so there is impact and we have 
quantified that.  Overall as a group now, as an integrated proposition, we are 
seeing clear advantages because we are also launching other products and use 
cases in Latin American markets. There is a lot of positive synergy in the year 2 
of Jampp, in terms of business expansion and bottom-line performance. We are 
quite satisfied with that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
My first question is related to the investment in CashKaro. If you could explain 
the rationale for that investment and how do you think that investment adds to 
your business moat from a medium-to-long-term perspective? Secondly on 
Bobble, you mentioned in the opening comment it has been classified as a 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
7 
 
financial investment and there was a press release that suggests that the deal 
with Krafton has not yet concluded. Maybe you could update on what is happening 
on that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The first one, CashKaro is not an investment of Affle (India) Limited, the listed 
company. It is a financial minority investment made by the holding company from 
Singapore. Since the holding company has no other operating business other than 
its investments in the Affle (India) Limited as a promoter as well as any other 
investment that it is doing, which are financial in nature. So, that is to the extent 
I can speak. With respect to Pouring Pounds, which is a UK-based entity that owns 
the business of CashKaro India. With respect to any strategic advantages with 
respect to CashKaro’s business in India, our teams are actively exploring it. I think 
there will be natural inclination for CashKaro and Affle India to work together 
since they have a common shareholder as the holding company.  
The second question is more relevant question because it is linked to Affle India’s 
investment in Bobble or rather Talent Unlimited, which owns and operates under 
the brand of Bobble in India. It is an investment that is held for sale, but at the 
same time the Krafton deal has not happened because Krafton is a Korean 
company and as a Korean company they have their own shareholders. They are a 
public listed company in Korea and there are certain complications with respect 
to the transaction, therefore the closing did not happen as per the time. In fact, 
we extended the closing date once and the closing still did not happen. Therefore, 
at the moment we are not pursuing any further discussions with respect to Krafton 
as a potential buyer of that equity. We are going to explore further possibilities 
as the time unfolds. We are happy to maintain the 26.24% ownership until we find 
an honorable buyer who would actually close the transaction. From a strategic 
point of view, Bobble continues to be an important partner and vernacular 
keyboard focused on innovative youth-related use cases and we are actively 
working with them to see how to grow that business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
I have a question on the outlook side to Anuj. So, you mentioned something about 
the realigned strategy. Could you elaborate a little bit more on that and to your 
comment of H2 growth of 10% over H1 would imply 18-19% growth on a Y-o-Y basis 
for H2. So, I understand that delivering this will be incredible given the kind of 
macros we are following, but in that light, is it fair to assume that FY2024 growth 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
8 
 
should be slightly lower organically while the CAGR aspiration of 25%+ maybe even 
over a 4-5 year period? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On your first question on realigned strategy, the core strategy is the same. When 
we talk about realigning the operating resources, we are essentially talking about 
deeper focus on pricing and profitability. Whenever there is are recessionary 
conversations or backdrops, there is intuitively pressure on pricing and one of the 
things that we are doing is very strongly defending pricing. If we look at in Q2, 
we delivered our highest volume of conversions but we held our pricing at Rs.51 
CPCU rate, which is quite a commendable effort by our team. Similarly, we are 
focused more on profitability; not just pick any business. Rather pick business 
that can deliver profitability, cash flows and credit risk managed business. We 
are looking at even more resilient business in these times and therefore delivering 
a better impact on the bottom-line. This is a great time actually to look at any 
better optimization where we can maximize the profitability. The same applies 
to all the assets that we are integrating, whether it is Jampp or any specific 
organic or inorganic activity that the company is doing. The emphasis is 
disproportionately higher on the bottom-line. We have always been a bottom-line 
centric company, unlike many other fast-growing tech companies. I think that is 
one thing that differentiates Affle and that is what our investors also value and 
take pride in. We are emphasizing here even deeper realignment on bottom-line 
focus.  
Second part of your question is about growth. Now, what I said is about 10% higher 
H2 vs. H1 is the industry growth outlook that we have understood based on the 
recent industry forum discussions. We would love to beat it. We have always loved 
to beat industry average growth and whatever the times be. From a bottom-line 
perspective, we think that we will do significantly better than that. Overall, we 
are expecting to end this year at an honorable level, meeting or exceeding 
expectations from a bottom-line perspective. Now, like H1 we have already grown 
quite nicely and next year H1, I believe that you should follow a similar trend. 
We will continue to be optimistic because of the emerging markets focus. In H2 
FY2023, if it is as per what you said the growth is going to be what it is, I think 
on a lower base it is actually easier to grow much faster. So, I think I would still 
maintain about 25% CAGR outlook for FY2024 or FY2025 and we will try to beat 
industry average growth comprehensively on the topline and even more so on the 
bottom-line.  
Without giving any more detailed guidance on it, you can understand the mindset 
with which we are leading the company. It is growth & profitability-oriented and 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
9 
 
we would want to beat industry average growth trends even this year. If you 
combine H1 and H2, our goal would be to not miss on the 25% organic growth 
long-term trend that we have. Yes, markets are turbulent, but can we be 
stronger? Can we be more resilient? Can we find those pockets of growth and the 
answer is yes and we are pushing our teams for that. Until the last day of the 
year, we will be fighting for every single dollar of revenue and every single 
incremental dollar of profit. Let us see how Q3 and H2 unfolds and for this 
financial year, we have two more conversations to go. But at the moment, I would 
not look at it with any further clouds of pessimism.  
With consumers going more & more digital and let’s say even when there is 
recessionary pressure, let that pressure be on traditional media. If the advertising 
budget is to shrink, let that shrink for traditional media with minimal impact on 
the digital and further lower impact for CPCU model. I think we should be more 
and more insulated and we should find those pockets of growth is my thesis and 
that is how we are executing. 
Rahul Jain: 
Just a small clarification on the margin comment that you made. Is it led by a 
better growth in H2 and giving us better margin in H2 or does it is also includes 
some potential acquisition? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Jampp Year 1 was about integrating together which we have done phenomenally 
well. When I speak Affle now, I speak with the full embrace of Jampp. When we 
are talking about expanding the margins, it is linked to volume. Given we are 
asset-light business, as business grows expenses will grow slower than revenue 
growth and therefore there will be natural margin expansion trend. As a strategic 
emphasis, we are also focusing on pricing and profitability. We are picking 
business or picking only the volume of business that can support the profitability 
metrics and not give any volume-based discount because that is where the 
pressure comes. When people are asking for something cheaper because of the 
recession, there is a need for our product. There is a need for driving conversions 
with consumers for all our customers. What they are sometimes looking for is can 
they get it cheaper in this time, which means it impacts pricing and profitability. 
How do we aim for growth but also have a strong defense play? Being offensive 
and growth-oriented is one, while making sure that we are even more strong on 
defense than offense in the strategy, and I hope that is understood well, and that 
applies to Jampp. It applies to every single part of Affle’s business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
10 
 
Anmol Garg: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, just wanted to ask Anuj that we are implying 
about a 25% growth for FY2023. Now, we have already in the first half done around 
35% organic growth, so would this mean that seasonality of Q3 would not play out 
in this year? Secondly, I wanted to ask a bookkeeping question to Kapil. In this 
particular quarter we have seen forex gain into our cash flow statement by the 
tune of around Rs. 37 Crores. If you can highlight what does it regards to and how 
does it come out in the P&L statement? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thanks Anmol for your insightful questions. Let me first of all clarify that when I 
talk about growth or any growth percentage of the industry, I am only talking 
organic growth. Now this year H1 vs. last year’s H1 had one difference. In last 
year Q1, we did not have Jampp. In this year Q1 we had Jampp and Q2-to-Q2 
comparison is absolutely clear because in both Q2s we had Jampp. So, when we 
say that the industry will grow at an average 25%, we are talking about 
incremental organic growth. In our case, we have given you two commentaries, 
one for the full financial year - our goal is to attain organic growth of 25%, which 
is the industry average CAGR growth trend that we are looking at and in long term 
trying to keep pace with that or beat that. That excludes the Q1 with respect to 
Jampp. Then I have also given you some industry outlook with respect to Q3 and 
Q4 seasonality. Whenever there is seasonality, there is obviously incremental 
budgets but the customers are also hedging and they are careful. While the 
budget is incremental, customers may not spend all of that in the same Q3 festive 
season but they will spread it over Q3 and Q4. Therefore, when we are looking at 
H1 versus H2 and the seasonality, incremental budget will have a spillover effect 
in both Q3 and Q4. We expect that the industry would on an average deliver about 
10% higher sequential growth from H1 to H2 and we hope to meet that or beat 
that. That is on the revenue side.  
On the profitability side, we hope to beat that more comprehensively. I hope the 
math is clear. We have given clear commentary anchored on industry outlook as 
per our understanding. In terms of your second question which is related to the 
forex gain, Kapil can you please take this up as it is directed to you. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
This pertains largely to the foreign assets getting revalued and it has been 
offsetted mostly from the opening reserves. It did not have an impact on the P&L. 
It is an adjustment of each line item as the current and non-current assets or 
current and non-current liabilities getting flowed into the balance sheet and 
getting offsetted in the reserves & surplus and other comprehensive income. It is 
not routed through P&L. 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
11 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Just a follow up on that. Anuj, if you can also highlight that what are the margin 
levers that we can think about for the second half of this year? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The margin levers are anchored on: 1. resilient pricing; 2. enough volume and 
growth to meet or exceed the industry trends; 3. combination of keeping a tighter 
balance between incremental revenue that has to come at a healthy pricing and 
the Opex used for productivity and efficiency. You can see from Q1 to Q2 our 
Opex is increasing, and a lot of people may ask why are you increasing Opex in 
the recession time? We are doing Opex because we believe in the long-term 
industry growth trend and will keep investing to ensure that we can capitalize on 
that growth trend and we are well resourced for that. Therefore, when we look 
at it with this balance, first is pricing, second is growth in volume with respect to 
incremental budgets for H2 vs. H1. Third, the asset-light business and scale on 
bottom-line expansion will also come in because Opex is not going to increase 
and keep pace with the growth in revenue. This is exactly what we saw in Q2 this 
year, whether you see it sequentially or y-o-y basis. The same trend I think will 
continue in H2 as well and beyond. All the investors who had earlier got confused 
- Affle is growing fast, it is an asset-light company, how come we do not see 
margin expansion?  There was always organic margin expansion, but because we 
were also acquisitive and we were acquiring companies that were less profitable. 
In the previous year periods, it was averaging itself downwards because the 
organic growth and the inorganic growth was being blended together. Now when 
you see Q2-to-Q2, there is no inorganic in Q2. Q2 FY2023 compared with Q2 last 
year or vs. Q1 this year and you can clearly see the pattern of EBITDA and PAT 
margin expansion. So, those are the key levers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
I have two questions. In response to one of the earlier question, you made a 
remark that in FY2024 and FY2025, you are looking at an organic growth of 25% 
plus and you aim to beat the industry so long as you are in leadership of the firm. 
So, was that just an off-the-cuff remark or is there a change in leadership that is 
in contemplation? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
There is no change in leadership contemplated, as long as I am healthy, fit and 
fine, I hope to lead the organization for decades to come. I think the nature of 
that comment is to be interpreted that I am giving you a peek into my mindset. 
How do I set targets for this company? How do I tell my leadership team? How do 
I convince them? We have a strong leadership team and this is not just a one-man 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
12 
 
thing that Anuj says something and everybody has to follow. We have a vocal 
leadership here including Kapil. Many times we are challenged and debate 
ourselves, and this is my mindset. When I say we are growth oriented we have to 
beat the industry average growth rate. You said, line of questioning is, are we 
better than the rest of the players in the industry? Are we competitively stronger? 
The answer is yes. Is our business model differentiated? The answer is yes. Is their 
growth in Emerging markets? The answer is yes. So, why would not we beat the 
industry average growth rate. That is how I set the targets for the team and a lot 
of times this conviction has to be delivered top down. We have to live by that 
example and therefore that comment. I do not see any leadership change that 
would be dramatic. Our company has been led consistently for the last 17 years 
and I am still a young man. I am only 44 and we have a long way to go Sir. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure. I just wanted to be clear what that remark was supposed to be. Thank you 
for that. The second question is - while it is understood that Affle is largely 
focused on fast-growing India and other emerging markets while developed 
markets are a smaller percentage for Affle and that smaller percentage have 
faced some setbacks. The question is with the way developed markets seem to 
be getting muddled due to macro headwinds, what are the structural reasons for 
you to believe & remain confident that the emerging markets will continue to be 
resilient and have strong long-term secular growth? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I am confident about two things: Firstly, consumer adoption curve on digital and 
that is fundamental to our industry. These are the fundamental drivers of 
industry. I believe that all of us on the call today can safely say that none of us 
is leaving the mobile device or our connectivity on the mobile device anytime 
soon for the next 3-4 years. The next generation in our home is spending even 
more disproportionately connected time online. Therefore, the adoption curve of 
connectivity in India, Africa, Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, Philippines, 
Middle East, LATAM, etc., all these places are expected to see massive consumer 
adoption over the next 3-4 years.  If this continues to happen, the propensity for 
transacting higher value, higher volumes of transactions on mobile or connected 
devices will actually go up. This is one of the main anchors that I see for emerging 
markets to have resilience and growth for many years to come.  
The second trend that makes me sure about this is that the advertisers in 
emerging markets are still under calibrated on digital vs. developed markets. In 
developed markets, digital is decisively more than 50% of the total ad spend, 
whereas in emerging markets, depending upon which market we look at, it is 
either in a range of 20-to-early 30%, but it is nowhere close to being above 50%. 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
13 
 
The advertisers will need to also face the reality and shift budgets to the more 
efficient digital connected mediums and where the consumer is. If the consumers 
are spending disproportionate time on digital and transactions are happening 
there, why should the money not follow. So, the advertisers would shift the 
budgets. Both of these anchoring megatrends, provide me the clarity that these 
markets will continue to grow.  
What is the difference between developed markets and emerging markets? In 
developed market, digital adoption has already reached a certain level of 
maturity and digital advertising as a % of total ad spend is already more than 50%. 
If you compare adoption curve on both the consumer and advertiser side, in 
developed markets and emerging markets, one can see a clear difference. 
Therefore, I am confident at the industry outlook and then within that I am 
wanting to assure myself that our team, our platforms, our business model is 
competitive vs. other players. Therefore, may we grow faster than the industry 
average growth. So, this is my only piece, it is grounded in reality. 
Bharat Shah: 
But would you not experience a surprise here the speed with which the developed 
markets seem to be getting muddled. It is one thing about maturity of the market 
and relatively higher penetration of digital in the developed markets, but the 
speed at which the whole space seems to become chaotic, is that a source of 
surprise or do you think it is quite in the nature of things? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
First of all, I do not know the adjectives muddled and chaotic. To me, I can see 
a sense in what is happening in developed markets. The customers are feeling 
wary of inflation, unemployment, the cost and efficiency. There are so many 
factors moving there right from currencies to geopolitical factors and so on. There 
is conservativism, but that does not mean that digital advertising will not deliver 
growth. Now, if you are looking at some examples, let us say the Big Tech. If your 
question is coming from how quickly Meta or Facebook have gone from where 
they were to where they are, if your question is born out of that, then I think we 
have to start looking at our own homes. Which teenagers are spending time on 
Facebook? I do not see that happening as much. It is still the older people who 
were once on Facebook and as a habit & inertia continue on Facebook. The 
consumer pool of that is down and that is why there was a need for Facebook to 
shift from Facebook to Meta to something else. That something else has not 
materialized as per the expectations that they set and therefore they are seeing 
a massive hit in terms of confidence levels and otherwise. Of course, Apple (iOS) 
has done certain changes, which have impacted them.  

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
14 
 
Looking at them as an isolated case is not shaking my thesis and belief of digital 
advertising as a clear trend even in developed markets. Advertising is resilient, 
digital advertising will be resilient and if there is a recessionary uncertainty, of 
course some budgets will shrink. That is something to be expected. Now we are 
fortunate that we are focused on emerging markets where such recessionary 
backdrops are weaker and we are not seeing as much impact in emerging markets 
and therefore Affle is in a good place. But is it making me nervous looking at US 
and Europe that oh my God what is happening there, the speed or muddled; no, 
not at all Sir. I can understand what is happening there & at Meta and I am still 
bullish. In fact, if this kind of fear of recession continues it should strengthen 
Affle’s ability to find value-driven strategic M&A consolidation opportunities in 
developed markets also and we will keep an eye out for that. I will be careful and 
realistic about what we execute on. But I see an opportunity for us that when 
markets are down, we should go ahead and look at strategic acquisitions, look at 
value-driven deals because we will find them cheaper in this time. So, we need 
to look at our execution strategy, where there is turbulence, how do we navigate. 
In emerging markets, we need to grow and in developed markets we need to 
navigate into that turbulence carefully and find opportunities to become 
stronger. I would not necessarily agree that the speed and the space is all 
muddled and I think it is not so dire situation at all. Meta is just one example and 
we can decode and understand that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Anuj, in terms of employee cost this quarter you saw an increase. So, what were 
the areas of investments there and does this increase continue in the near term 
or most of it will start to give us leverage as we go forward? The second question 
was to Kapil, in terms of the level of intangibles capitalization in this quarter and 
any outlook on the D&A going forward, which saw some increase this quarter? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On the employee cost, we are basically following our organic growth plan and 
investing into the areas such as sales and towards enhancing our on-ground 
presence in emerging markets as well as going for deeper verticalization. 
Therefore, focusing on teams which are verticalizing our platforms even further 
to unlock more strategic value so we can drive greater ROI for the advertisers and 
drive more profitability from those verticals. This is in line with our approach and 
the strengthening of our moat and backing it up. I want the investors and the 
analysts to look at is that if the company is capable of backing its strategy and 
delivering resilient results, it is a sign of confidence. If you had seen that Affle is 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
15 
 
delivering better bottom-line margin expansion at the back of Opex reduction, I 
would not be celebrating that. The only reason to celebrate this Q2 result is to 
see 20%+ EBITDA while Opex was increased and invested in areas of growth. So, 
clearly the company is bullish. It is doing the right things and it is seeing financial 
fundamentals in its unit economics that when it grows it delivers margin 
expansion. The employee cost is broad-based backing our strategy or 
verticalization emerging markets and having on-ground presence. For the second 
part of your question, I will pass it over to Kapil. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The capitalization on tangible assets for the newer product lines or the newer 
models is almost similar to Q1 and around USD2.2 million. There is no major shift 
from Q1 to Q2. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Did the increase in terms of amortization largely happen because of translation 
for us? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
If you compare this year amortization to the last year, you would see a significant 
change because amortization catches up to capitalized amount. In this Q2 P&L, 
you will see about Rs.5 Crores higher amortization as compared to Q2 last year. 
So, you can see that catching up effect in this quarter itself on a y-o-y basis. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Anuj, if I could squeeze one more question. We saw your inventory and data costs 
come off this quarter, so is it largely because of the Jampp efficiency starting to 
play out? Any perspective on where are we in the journey of Jampp profitability 
approaching our own profitability? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Our emphasis is on profitability, productivity and the strengthening of 
partnerships and we are looking at multiple legs of it. We are looking at 
profitability per employee. We look productivity from the lens of profitability of 
each region, profitability of each vertical and so on. With respect to Jampp, the 
emphasis was always there because year-2 and year-3 is about maximizing 
profitability and some of the rationalization of revenue, which we talked about 
to the tune of about USD3-4 million in H1 that we could have made incrementally 
more had it not been for the macro headwinds. That is bringing a deeper urgency 
across the organization to ensure that if there is anything left to be done, can I 
please do it. Can I make sure that pricing is better, the margin is better, what 
else can I integrate within the core tech stack of the company to leverage that 
what is happening in let’s say Southeast Asia or India that can be implemented 
even better in Latin America or in Africa. So, there is a lot of internal huddle 
towards that and that is a positive thing. Will I want to quantify Jampp’s 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
16 
 
profitability % for you at this call? Perhaps not, because we are still finding that 
balance because in developed markets some of the revenues were not there. Let 
us look at it on a broad-basis by the end of this year. Qualitatively speaking, one 
of the investors had asked me a hypothetical question and he said, if you had to 
pay more for Jampp now with the hindsight of having owned it for a year, would 
you do that and the answer is yes. I believe it is a strong asset and it has worked 
out well for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. Please go ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
My first question to Anuj. I take your point that the emerging market is strong 
and in developed markets we are facing some macro headwinds but if you see our 
own numbers, if you see the India segment topline sequentially it has grown at 
10% but y-o-y it is more like 20%. We are used to see this number at a much higher 
30-35%. Are we really seeing any growth slowdown in India as well at the category 
level or is it like more like some high base quarter issue? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The way to look at India right now is certainly on a sequential basis. The reason 
why I emphasize that is because the headwinds and related issues are primarily 
sort of common across H1, in Q1 and Q2. When we look at emerging markets doing 
better vs. developed markets, that thesis can only be analyzed on a sequential 
basis and not on a y-o-y basis. In terms of y-o-y basis, when you start looking at 
it and say how come India is only growing in 20%-odd and not 30% or 40% odd. I 
think there are also India or emerging market-specific issues, which we are quite 
resilient against any which ways and I have talked about this before as well.  
If one of the verticals, let us say Ed-Tech or Crypto or Fintech is down, Affle is 
able to still get enough conversions sold and delivered to other industry verticals 
in our ecosystem. Because we have broad-based growth we are able to capture 
that. In one particular quarter, if one vertical is impacted, one area if there is 
suddenly a negative trend, like during COVID times there is travel and transport, 
hospitality, retail was down and now that is coming back up, like with a 
vengeance. On the other hand we have Ed-Tech, Crypto side of Fintech, etc. 
these issues will happen. In a fast-growing company, in some quarters you might 
see 30% in one area and then suddenly you cannot expect every quarter it will be 
30%, it could be let’s say 26% too. We have to see long-term trends and averages. 
I would not read into that as India is growing slower and there is a problem. I 
would read into that as whatever India was at 6 months ago and where India is at 
today, look at the sequential trend q-o-q. This is moving nicely and that is how 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
17 
 
we should see it. We should also keep in mind that this is at the back of a lot of 
startups not getting funding, there are all kinds of issues and yes, Affle is able to 
be resilient because our base of advertisers is wide and there is always this 
emphasis within Affle to have broad-based growth across advertisers & across 
verticals. Whenever there is any customer concentration that is building up, that 
is a risk that I want to cure as soon as possible. That is another peek into our 
mindset and therefore please analyze India in that light. If you are looking at 
forward-looking modeling, then my guidance has always been clear whether pre-
IPO, post-IPO or every other earnings call, that I expect about 25% CAGR growth 
for the industry and therefore I want to peg against that. 
Arun Prasath: 
My second question is related to the forex. The kind of fluctuations in rupee 
depreciation we have seen in this quarter - generally speaking keeping aside the 
accounting for a moment, is rupee depreciation good for you or bad for you?  As 
a follow-up to this, I would also like to understand what would be the constant 
currency growth that you had for Q2 in revenue as well as at the bottom-line 
level? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Affle is diverse in emerging markets where everything happens in the local 
currency. To give you an answer whether the currency movement is advantageous 
or disadvantageous, it depends on which currency is such movement happening. 
So, there are certain pockets where we have advantage because of the US dollar 
getting stronger. While the costs are generally in dollars, so there is a pressure 
on the cost on the dollars, but it gets neutralized on the other side. So, at the 
moment, if I take the impact of currency movement on an average basis, we 
would be mostly neutral to it. If you see our bottom-line, the impact of currency 
movement is largely more muted as we are quite hedged. On your question of 
constant currency, we have historically not presented constant currency 
financials for the comparison basis. We are not maintaining and commenting on 
that because if I comment on it, then I will be asked to comment on last three 
quarters also for an accurate comparison. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The way to look at business is that we are naturally hedged on the currency risk. 
When we see INR vs. USD or across the board the currencies, in some markets we 
see a negative impact. In some markets we see a positive impact and that balance 
is thankfully quite held up. In the sense that neither do we see a positive 
fluctuation nor do we see a negative fluctuation with respect to currency.  
We have seen INR move from 70 to 82 and many times up & down over a period 
of time. In this entire journey both as a public company and even when we were 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
18 
 
privately held, not because we are doing some massive currency management but 
our business is naturally hedged. Based on where all we are doing business, what 
percentage of business is where, what cost and so on, we have been naturally 
blessed and hedged on that.  
Internally, yes, it is something to be also seen that what else should we do beyond 
the natural balance that we are enjoying, but there is not a huge currency 
management function that we do within our finance or operations teams at the 
moment. The reason for that is because we see that balance. We have seen it 
consistently that we are naturally hedged and it does not impact us dramatically. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Enam Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted a clarification on what 
was the reason for the inventory and data cost to come off significantly and can 
we expect this to be the new normal and the trajectory going ahead? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
To me, the inventory and data cost did not really come down. It just stayed flat 
as a percentage of revenue while the revenue overall increased 2% y-o-y but 
emerging markets did better. There is no dramatic trend to take out of it but I 
do think that there are levers within our hands to make sure that the inventory 
and data cost can be optimized. Which means we can buy cheaper because the 
inventory and data cost is what we are paying out. We are buying the 
programmatic inventory or we are paying for the impressions and clicks. As we 
get more volume, in terms of the commodity pricing we can pressure that down. 
If we play it smartly, for example we can commit more volumes to certain sources 
and so on. Those kind of levers are there and we are working on those efficiencies 
and we started to do that in the last 6 months a lot more.  We have always 
maintained a neutral stance that we will let our algorithm decide where we buy 
from because we are looking for conversions or the probabilities of conversions. 
However, there is some optimization there. To see, if we are spending some 
amount with some particular platform or supply source or a publisher, can we go 
and do some negotiation there and see what we can further optimize? There are 
certain levers that are being used, but I would not really call out any trend there 
at the moment. To call it a trend, we may need to assess it for a bit longer but it 
should be range bound. In some cases. a percentage here or there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinayak Mohta from Stallion 
Asset. Please go ahead. 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
19 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
I had a question regarding the CPCU. We have seen that the CPCU have been on 
an upward trajectory for a while now. Given the business models, it augurs well 
for you as well. But we have been seeing with Meta, Snapchat, etc., that they are 
losing on the price per ad for a while now be it in the developed markets or in 
the rest of the world markets for them. How do you see this trend going ahead 
for you? Do you see that there is some risk to the upside from here? What are the 
risks that you see and how do you see CPCUs going forward considering that the 
larger players are losing out on the price per ad for a few quarters now? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The fundamental aspect about Affle and you can check the history also. We 
always have identified ourselves as a consumer platform company. Even though 
we are a B2B company and we are not direct to consumer, but we still call our 
tech stack, the consumer platform stack. In essence, I am trying to tell you is 
that our revenue is coming from the actions that the consumers are taking and 
delivering almost an assured ROI linkage with respect to performance to our 
advertisers. When you say price per ad is coming down, that should mean that I 
should see efficiency in my inventory and data cost because inventory for us is 
the price of ad that we pay because we are buyer of ads / ad spaces. We buy the 
ads and we deliver conversions to the advertisers. When we deliver conversions 
to the advertisers, the question then becomes that as long as the end consumer 
is increasing their average wallet percentage spend online and if the consumers 
are doing more conversions with higher-value products online over time, you 
should be able to see a higher CPCU rate because CPCU stands for cost per 
converted user. The cost per conversion which is being maintained, there is 
actually an opportunity to push that up. When we say that we will be resilient on 
our pricing, we are saying let us go for volume without discounting the price. But 
at some point in time, it appears to say let us go for volume while increasing the 
price. I am not in the business of selling commodity where on volume we will give 
discount. While most of the buyers may still ask for it, but we try to defend it 
and we explain to them that it is an ROI-linked business model justification of 
CPCU.  
So, your observation is right. Price per ad which in other words you are saying is 
price per impression, price per click is coming down and ROI-linked CPCU cost per 
conversion is something that we can do it more profitably. One of the ways, 
advertisers can ask for a CPCU adjustment is Hey, as you are buying the 
impression and click much cheaper and therefore your cost and your ability to 
earn that conversion at a lower cost has gone up and hence share some benefit 
with us. We should always focus on margin expansion. If it means that if at Rs.50 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
20 
 
I can get a higher volume with my margin expansion at the lower inventory & data 
cost, I will take that business. Our focus on margin expansion and profitability is 
linked to pricing. It is linked to right at the top is pricing, right at the bottom is 
profitability and we are looking at optimizing that in a strong manner across all 
our business units.  
I hope that answers the question. But please do not put just a blanket label of 
adtech on Affle as there is the fundamental difference. On CPCU, do not see it as 
a cost per impression, cost per click and therefore simply cost per conversion. 
The conversion is ROI-linked based event whereas impression and clicks are the 
raw material, the commodity within the digital advertising. I hope that makes 
sense. Thank you for the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajmohan Venkatraman, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajmohan V: 
My question is in the light of you indicating - hypothetically being positively 
disposed to inorganic opportunities in developed markets under current 
recessionary environment. Will Affle even be looking at organizations like Digital 
Turbine whose market caps have crashed 80-90% though the revenues may be 4x-
5x as that of Affle. Generally looking at it from a client addition perspective, 
have discussions at the Board level happened at acquiring bigger companies than 
Affle? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I can tell you two things about our psyche. Yes, discussions happen because we 
are intellectually sharp and alert. Just as you, we are seeing possibilities in the 
map and we see all possibilities as well, but we are also very mindful of two 
things. We are executing on a solid track. When I say that I mean that to an 
external light, it might seem risky that they have operations in so many countries, 
across some many currencies. But from where I see it, it is just a predictable path 
of execution that we are on.  Now any acquisition that we do add a certain 
element of risk to it such as risk of integration and risk of things going well or 
not.  That is why all our investors are deeply observing it for at least 4-5 quarters 
and asking different questions as how is this number without this, with this, and 
how is it going, etc., and everybody has nervousness in this unknown factor of 
what has come.  
If you look at our M&A strategy and one of the things that has worked really well 
for us is we have been conservative on the value that we are paying and the size 
of that M&A. Let us see the last 3 acquisitions. 1) Mediasmart, we paid less than 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
21 
 
USD10 million, Appnext about USD25 million, Jampp about USD40 million. Now 
compared to our own market cap, revenue, bottom-line, cash & bank balance, 
whichever indicator I look at, I also plan for worst case scenario when executing 
a M&A. If it was to go bad, can we still be a strong resilient company and deliver 
value to our shareholders. When my answer is okay, we have covered all the risks 
and then only it is the right decision. But if ever we are wrong, may that not 
consume us.  
When your acquire certain company, you also acquire a lot of baggage of those 
and there is a reason why those companies are losing value. There is a reason why 
those companies are not doing well. As industry insiders, we know those reasons 
many a times and we know where to go and where not to go. There are certain 
acquisitions that Digital Turbine has done that Affle had deep insights into and 
also we had the first right to do them or the opportunity to do them in terms of 
timing. I would not name them but we certainly were not feeling a loss that Digital 
Turbine acquired those companies. I said, all the best. We would not have done 
that acquisition. We are looking at all opportunities and respecting all possibilities 
though we know a lot more in terms of what is inside going on. We are extremely 
carefully calibrated and our execution strategy on inorganic has been flawless so 
far. I hope to keep that track record with no unfold errors. Affle is doing a good 
job.  
M&A should be seen for strategic reasons, opportunistic value in terms of pricing 
at which we transact in terms of timing. Let us say, last year, if we have done a 
particular M&A, it would have been more expensive vs. this year. So, those kinds 
of optimizations we would do, but we would never just go and do it for size. There 
is no reason for us to just go and because something is cheap and is looking big, 
let us do it. I do not want to get tempted into that and we will be careful about 
it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you very much everyone for insightful questions and a good dialogue. I 
certainly enjoyed it. I hope it was valuable for you and you have a deeper insight 
into Affle’s mindset. Clearly for a significant part of our business, we are 
insulated from the macroeconomic headwinds and the good news is we still have 
tailwinds in the emerging markets. As far as the economic factors are concerned, 
there is actually some impact but that is limited and it is quantified so that you 
can all assess it. But there is also opportunity in there for us. Because a lot of the 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 09, 2022 
 
22 
 
competitors were fundamentally not as strong on their balance sheet and not as 
profitable. If they lose about USD3-4 million of revenue they are deeply hurt 
whereas for us we can still deliver a resilient outcome. In that sense we are in a 
strong and privileged position to navigate through H2 FY2023. As we go along, we 
will continue to give you a transparent commentary on our expectations so that 
you know what to expect and we will talk about next financial year & beyond 
after that. Thank you again and stay well! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
*** end *** 
