 
 
 
 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
To 
BSE Limited  
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 509675 
Scrip Symbol: HIL 
 
         
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on November 9, 2022 on Q2 & H1 F23 Financial 
Results 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on Wednesday, November 9, 2022 on Q2 & H1 F23 Financial Results.  
 
A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company www.hil.in  
 
Kindly take the same on record and disseminate on your website. 
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
 
                 
 For HIL LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
Mahesh Thakar 
Company Secretary & Legal Head 
 
Digitally signed by MAHESH MADHUKAR THAKAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=1bf7d6da65d8aa67fbccb2de69a7fa2920daf63fb91e6fe1
1373adebcc9b848f, postalCode=411040, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=d5fce31eb175be5daf255b740175c045d6be877064
b4af269199cf9242749f2e, cn=MAHESH MADHUKAR THAKAR

Page 1 of 23 
 
  
 
HIL Limited 
Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 9, 2022 
 
 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to HIL Limited's Q2 and H1 
FY23 Results Conference Call for investors and analysts. Today, we have with us 
Mr. Dhirup Roy Choudhary, Managing Director and CEO of the company; Mr. 
Saikat Mukhopadhyay, CFO; Mr. Ajay Kapadia, Vice President, Finance and 
Accounts. We will first have Mr. Dhirup Roy Choudhary making the opening 
comments, and he will be followed by Mr. Saikat who would take you through the 
financial perspectives. 
 
Before we commence, I would like to highlight that some of the statements on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature, and details in this regard are 
available in the earnings presentation, which has been shared with you and is also 
available on the stock exchange website. I would now like to invite Mr. Dhirup to 
present his views on the performance and the strategic imperatives that lie ahead. 
Over to you, Dhirup. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Thank you, Siddharth. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to HIL's 
Q2 and H1 FY23 Earnings Call. Thank you for taking the time to join us today, and 
I sincerely hope that all of you are doing well. 
 
I would like to be upfront to admit that last quarter has been an extremely tough 
one for both HIL India and Parador. Most of the headwinds that we see are created 
by external factors which are quite beyond anyone's control. In today's discussion, 
I wish to speak about each of them and also give you a transparent view on the 
actions your company's management are taking to mitigate them. Amidst all the 
challenges, we have delivered steady revenue during the quarter. Historically, Q2 
is always the weakest quarter, both in India due to the onset of rains and in Europe 
due to summer vacations. This was further dampened this year due to the ongoing 
weak consumer sentiments in Europe. 
 
Despite these trends, our teams have worked relentlessly to minimize the impact 
on our financials and maximize our performances. We have achieved a 6% growth 
in our consolidated results in H1 FY23, while it is 14% in our Indian business. During 

Page 2 of 23 
 
the quarter, we continue to face inflationary pressures in most of our business 
segments. These ripples were caused by the persistent inflation in key raw 
material costs, high sea freights and the ongoing geopolitical scenario in Europe. 
While the supply side issues continue to provide huge headwinds, we have 
escalated our sales across verticals to drive our growth. We also continue to 
produce innovative ways to overcome the challenges faced and maximize our 
performances. 
 
I am very excited with the benefits we are securing by IoT 4.0 implementation in 
12 plants. This brings in transparency, preventive maintenance and shared 
ownership for all to drive best performances. An aggressive adaptation of Six 
Sigma across all functions has further brought our family closer and is committed 
to deliver better efficiencies and lower costs. Let me now take you through the 
individual performances and the challenges we are facing in each of our business 
segments rather in detail. 
 
In the Roofing segment, you would recall, we had a fantastic Q1 this year, where 
due to meticulous planning and last leg connects, your company was able to 
secure 25% of the market share. This led to an eminent chaos amongst 
competition in Q2 and the market clearly witnessed a whimsical pricing leading to 
lower margins in each of the segment’s operators. HIL, owing to its brand, last leg 
connect, digital intervention and PIN code mapping and heat mapping, was able 
to sustain its price supremacy in all the markets across the country, and our selling 
prices were kept higher than last year. 
 
However, due to huge cost rise in fiber, together with high sea freight impact, has 
kept the profitability of this segment muted over last year. Determined efforts are 
being taken by HIL to raise the NSRs as the cost pressures would continue for the 
rest of the year. Polymer Solutions continues to face severe external headwinds 
owing to further softening of PVC prices, which has come down by more than 25% 
in Q2 and 38% in the first half. This has substantially reduced the brand restocking 
across the industry, has also severely impacted the bottom line owing to inventory 
losses. Forex is also adding to the woes. 
 
Through our emphasis on quality distribution and brand Birla HIL is carving a 
growth niche for itself in the vast market. We sincerely hope that the PVC prices 
have almost bottomed out and expected to improve our performance in the 
coming quarters. We continue to add newer SKUs to cater to the demand in key 
markets, and are also in the process of launching Foam Core for underground 
application in this quarter. 
 
As regards putty business, we are witnessing severe competitive pressures in the 
market, which, together with the increase in price of raw materials, have kept this 

Page 3 of 23 
 
business softened in the last quarter. Our fabric to grow this segment space 
unaltered and our company pledges to take this business to its needed growth 
profile soonest. 
 
Parador enjoys a unique position in Europe homes and derives a large portion of 
momentum from 2 large countries, namely Germany and Austria. It has seen 
impact on sales on account of softening in demand as the EU is embattled with 
inflation and energy crises. The market sentiment in Europe are very low, with 
consumers adopting a conservative approach and going for only essentials. The 
footfall for renovation materials, including flooring, has seen a degrowth of 30% 
in DIY and multiples. The weaker trend is being felt by the entire flooring industry, 
with many declining plant shutdown, including our major competitors and 
suppliers.  
 
Future projections for new orders are coming down due to high volatility. 
However, we are witnessing some countries which are able to battle through these 
challenges better than the rest, namely Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, Norway and 
Denmark. Amongst our competitors, Parador is doing far better. With meticulous 
efforts taken by the team in onboarding new customers from these greener 
pastures, we have been able to gather speed in our order backlog for engineered 
wood. We therefore, have good orders for our Austrian plant, which is running at 
full capacity. However, orders for our Coesfeld, Germany factory has come down 
substantially. We have already initiated various actions to continue our business 
sustenance and cost savings during this extraordinary tough times and sincerely 
hope that the situation would improve after the winter period. 
 
In the midst of all of this, I am extremely happy with the performance of our 
Building Solutions segment, where our strategic efforts to convert this business 
from a product sale to a solution sale has started reaping results. Our sales and 
technical solutions team have onboarded many new customers from Tier 2 and 
Tier 3 cities, which has led to a higher realization and a favorable payment terms. 
We have fully utilized the capacity of this business while taking concerted steps 
towards an increase in the asset. In this regard the acquisition of fast build block 
business in Orissa has been a good step forward. It has not only helped us reduce 
our investments for our greener block plant, but also helped us to secure new 
customers and optimize competition in this region. We are also taking small steps 
towards incremental capacity increase in all our plants of blocks and panels, while 
focus steps have been taken to evaluate contract manufacturing of blocks. I am 
confident that our brand Birla Aerocon, together with our technically trained sales 
force and superior products, would enable us continue the profitable growth of 
this business in times to come. 
 

Page 4 of 23 
 
As you are also aware, we have decided to step into construction chemical 
business. We are laying the foundation of this business and working on acquiring 
talent, product assortment, vendor development, logistics and distribution 
network. We have onboarded 32 team members already, 100 channel partners, 
launched 25 products and 170 SKUs in the market within the first 6 months, and 
have achieved in excess of INR 7 crore revenue in the first half. Our aim is to take 
this business to INR 300+ crore in the next 2 to 3 years. 
 
In conclusion, let me commit that your company remains optimistic in mitigating 
the existing challenges suitably with the help of highly committed workforce. On 
this note, I would like to invite our CFO, Saikat, to give a more granular view on 
financial performances during the quarter and would be available to take your 
questions thereafter. 
 
Saikat Mukhopadhyay: Thank you, Dhirup. A very good morning to all, and thank you for joining us on the 
call today. I would like to take you through the financial and operating highlights 
of the business during Q2 and H1 FY23. 
 
The ongoing geopolitical tensions as well as the resulting headwinds impacted 
financial performance during the quarter. It is worth noting that our entire teams 
worked very hard to mitigate these effects. We delivered a consolidated revenue 
of INR 764 crore during the quarter as compared to INR 766 crore in Q2 FY22. 
EBITDA for the quarter came at INR 20 crore versus INR 68 crore in the 
corresponding quarter last year. 
 
During H1 FY23, revenue stood at INR 1,849 crore growing by 6% against INR 1,749 
crore in H1 of last year. EBITDA for the period stood at INR 156 crore versus INR 
241 crore in H1 FY22, a drop of 530 basis points in margin. As for H1 FY22, stood 
at INR 80 crore as against INR 126 crore in H1 FY22. 
 
In Q2, the Roofing Solutions business grew by 5% year-on-year coming in at INR 
197 crore as compared to INR 189 crore in the corresponding period last year. We 
continue to have a higher market share in the roofing business, and this revenue 
growth is a testimony of that. H1 FY23 revenue stood at INR 650 crore, growing by 
8%. The Building Solutions business grew by 29% year-on-year during Q2 FY23, 
coming in at INR 123 crore. H1 FY23 revenue stood at INR 248 crore, showing a 
robust growth of 38%. 
 
Polymer business stood at INR 126 crore in Q2 FY23. Revenue from operations in 
the polymer business came at INR 268 crore during H1 FY23, growing by 10% as 
compared to INR 243 crore in H1 FY22. The Flooring Solutions business stood at 
INR 315 crore during the quarter under review. H1 FY23 revenues were at INR 681 
crore. 

Page 5 of 23 
 
 
The health of company's balance sheet is of great importance to us. The debt at 
consolidated level now stands at INR 300 crore and the total debt to equity ratio 
stands at 0.25. This gives us the comfort and confidence to drive growth initiatives 
and mitigate challenges in the marketplace. The net worth of the company today 
stands at INR 1,192 crore, having grown 8% year-on-year. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my opening remarks. I request the moderator 
to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
We understand operating conditions have been challenging overall, and we hope 
to get better. So a couple of questions, how has demand salience been in the 
Parador side of our business in October and November so far? We understand in 
your September update call, you had mentioned about a lot of initiatives about 
expanding the market in the Nordics and Spain and the Americas. Have they began 
to yield any result? So some color on that. And would you reckon Q3 this fiscal will 
be a breakeven quarter for Parador? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: So your questions are all on Parador. Let me try and answer them one by one. The 
demand in October is also low, and we are seeing a drop of demand of more than 
30% in Europe, in the major parts of Europe where we are. November has started 
well at the moment, but it's only a few days now. So it's very early to say how it is 
going to perform. But normally November is a decent month in Parador, but this 
year, of course, situations are different. 
 
Our actions are being taken with big houses, big customers in the Nordic countries 
and Spain, and they have a particular RFQ process and accessing new suppliers. 
This process does take a few months. Therefore, I will not be expecting orders to 
immediately fall in from there. The quick orders and the quick revenues in Parador 
comes from DIY, because those are where people go and buy quickly, and 
therefore, you can sell better. And those are also products which we make in 
Coesfeld, namely the Laminates, Vinyls and ModularOne. But those orders have 
come down immensely. So we are harping more on the project orders, which are 
primarily Engineered Wood and they take their own lead times and delivery times 
are also quite extended. So it will take its time, but as long as our order booking is 
good in the coming months from those customers, which are new and potential 
for future, than the revenues will definitely do better in the coming quarters. 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
On the profitability front, Mr. Choudhary, would you reckon we are significantly 
away from breakeven and is that something that can be expected by Q4? I mean I 

Page 6 of 23 
 
know it is early days, but given the cost control initiatives, you have spelled out in 
the September call, any comments on that? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Well, our attempt is exactly on that direction. There are fixed costs within Europe, 
which everyone is aware, which are difficult to be controlled beyond the level. A 
lot of cost-saving aspects have been taken including permission from the 
government to go for, short-term work for a few people so that we are able to 
save on some part of the cost. Let me define this for you. Short-term work in 
Europe means that you are able to send people for some days of the week, where 
you pay only 60% of their salary and the 40% then a part of it comes from the 
government to them. So those actions have been taken in some departments as 
we see the weakening of revenues. But they are not enough to help us mitigate all 
the cost challenges. Our attempts are towards breakeven on EBITDA in Q3, but it 
will be too early for me to comment on this. 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure. I understand that. On the domestic Roofing front, it looks like volumes have 
been pretty benign in Q2, and you alluded to the competitive aspect. How are 
things looking like now? Is there a strategy that we have in hand to combat this 
kind of a pricing pressures from the environment? Or we just have to wait and 
watch? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: No, we don't wait and watch at all. Mr. Sarkar, you have been with us for a long, 
long time, and you are aware that your management is far ahead than the rest. 
On the top line front, we are doing everything to secure our positions, our market 
shares in India Roofing. We are growing in our market share over last year, while 
the price pressures and the cost pressures are huge. I simply hope that the market 
understands the cost pressures, and we are able to get better realization, which 
we have not been to my satisfaction. Because the capacities in roofing is far higher 
than the market demands, everyone knows about that. 
 
So therefore, if there is a determined effort only to sell volumes by our 
competition, market prices cannot go up beyond the level. But we have a huge 
differential with the rest on market prices, on NSRs, which is difficult to sustain 
beyond the level that our attempts on brand, our attempts of direct connect with 
the retail, direct connect with the consumers is something that we are harping on 
to continue this spree. I am very hopeful that we will be able to take some price 
rise to mitigate the cost differential over last year, which is huge because of fiber. 
 
Fiber was created mainly because there was a huge scarcity of fiber from Russia 
and Kazakhstan due to the war. And therefore, everyone went to Brazil and we 
were buying only from Brazil, as you are aware. So the Brazilian, therefore, found 
it difficult to satisfy everyone. And also their costs have gone up, so they raked up 

Page 7 of 23 
 
the price immensely, which has dented everyone. So not us alone. But we are, I 
am sure, still a preferential customer to them. The rest are also facing this. 
 
Plus the fact that when you go to new suppliers, the mix of fiber changes, which 
also increases the cost of production. I am sure all of these are problems that our 
competition is facing. I would only hope that they understand from their own 
results and do something to help the industry in raising the prices. We are taking 
all actions towards that. 
 
PVC, I think has reached a level, wherein further reduction of PVC prices, may be 
minimal. So I would say another 10 Rupees at the most reduction will be there. 
That will have a negative impact for a month or 2. But after that, things are going 
to move up and the demands are being subdued. So I am seeing a resilience of 
demand going up in Q4 for sure in India, which will be helpful to companies, which 
have been able to keep their fabric absolutely in order and is ready to grow, and 
your company will be one of them. 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
On your construction chemical story, did you call out a number of INR 300 crore 
over the next 2 years? Did I hear that right? And if you could just throw some color 
on what's the business model there, will it be traded, manufactured, something 
like that? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Yes. So you are right, our dream, and I always share my dream and aim with all of 
you because you must be a part of it. I would like to correct me on that. 
Construction chemical, any segment which is below INR 300 crore is non-viable 
from an HIL perspective. And I would like to take this segment, which is our next 
dream segment to INR 300 crore as soon as possible. My aim will be 2 to 3 years, 
next 3 years, positively, we should be at INR 300 crore for construction chemical. 
 
At the moment, we are still testing the water. It is doing extremely well. Our brand 
has already started penetrating the market. Though INR 7 crore in the first 6 
months or INR 9 crore in the first 7 months, I won't say these are big numbers. But 
we would be able to ramp it up here on INR 2 crore to INR 3 crore every month is 
my aim. And let's see. I mean, we will have to buy a company or 2 to also extend 
our SKUs when that's needed, but we will keep you fully informed on that. 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Yes. But is the model traded now? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: The model is entirely traded now. Therefore, there is no Capex in this. The 
contributions are good, but the costs are also higher because this has also been 
settling up period where we have introduced a lot of people there already for 
ramping it up. But this is the time of investment into the business for future. 
 

Page 8 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajat Setiya from iThought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
Sir, one question about the Parador. So what is the power and fuel cost as a 
percentage of sales for Parador? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Yes. So I will give you the answer in 2 sectors. One is the power and fuel cost of 
Parador is 2.5%. That's a direct answer to you. The second answer to you, which 
would give the relevance also, is we don't use gas, we use electricity. And what we 
did miraculously, I would say, was that decision in February we took, we froze the 
entire electricity cost of this whole calendar year, up to December end in February 
itself, and that was at a low base. Then the prices are all shot up. And we have also 
frozen 60% of electricity requirements for next calendar year in Coesfeld and 40% 
in Guessing plant. So these decisions were taken in February while the war has not 
yet started, which will definitely hold on for Parador and hopefully help us. 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
The other is on the Roofing segment. So the raw material fiber that we use, what 
is it as a percentage of total sale of that asbestos roofing segment? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: So fiber is the biggest material that we use in Roofing Rajat ji. And the total is about 
40% of the raw material cost. 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
Understood. And sir, what are the margins in this segment on an yearly basis? If 
you look at, they keep on fluctuating a lot. So what are the sustainable or there's 
no such thing for this segment, you would say? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: No. I mean I'll tell you the fluctuation that you've seen is more cyclic in roofing in 
nature. So Roofing segment has the best quarter as Q1. The second best quarter 
is Q4 of the financial year. The third is Q3 and the fourth is Q2. So that's where it 
is. The fluctuation of margin, what you see is a direct relation to the material cost 
price, because the material cost plays havoc sometimes. And if the NSRs don't go 
up in the market, you would see that fluctuating. So a steady state profitability for 
roofing should be about 20%, 22% EBITDA. 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
So the fluctuation is not because of the pricing, it's largely because of the raw 
material prices? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: That's right, it's raw material, but in quarters, it is pricing also. So every quarter, 
then there is a low demand, like in Q2. NSRs will drop down from Q1 level. And 
Q3, we would take some actions to raise it to Q2. And Q4, we will raise it further 
to Q3. And then in Q4, it will be at its peak. 
 

Page 9 of 23 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
Understood. And sir, the next question is on the piping business. So in the pipes 
business, what is the distribution network that we have today? How was it 2 years 
back? And what is our plan for the next 1 to 3 years? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: So in pipes, first, let me answer the last question. In pipes, we want to reach INR 
1,000 crore revenue in the next 3 years’ time. And in putty, we want to reach about 
INR 400 crore revenue in the next 3 years, so it will be about INR 1,400 crore in 
this segment in the next 3 years. Coming to the network, there's an extensive 
network increase that we are doing. Our brand is settling down well, which is the 
Birla HIL brand. We had initially problem in getting big distributors in our segment 
because they are all linked to all the big players, we are far, far smaller in every 
way. But the growth in distribution is roughly about 270 to 300 new points every 
year that we are growing. And our connect with the plumbers and the masons, 
plumbers for the pipes and masons for the putty is a continuous effort, which is 
adding to this. I think presently, as it stands, roofing would have a retail connect 
of more than 20,000 points. And for polymers, we would have at least 3,500 to 
4,000 connects in the country. 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
The final question, on the tax rate of India entity and Parador, what are those tax 
rates? 
 
Saikat Mukhopadhyay: Tax rate as far as India business is concerned is 25.17%. And in Parador, it should 
be about 31.5%. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ashwin Reddy:  
My first question is on Parador. On Parador, given the environment right now and 
given the fact that competitors are also in a weak footing, is it a time to play 
offense and take any strategic decisions you believe? Or is it still a time to play 
defensive and see how the market goes out? So actually I'm saying the on Parador, 
so is this a time to be aggressive in the market and take any steps in terms of back 
integration on competition? Or do you think it is still a time to be defensive given 
uncertainty? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Very, very interesting question. And let me answer this to you. I had 2 choices with 
me. One is lament under the present crisis and therefore, start reducing costs in a 
big, big way and be defensive, and thereby, maybe in a way, destroy the structure 
of Parador, which would have been quite a futuristic disruption. And the second 
was to accept that we will lose some money in PBT, but at EBITDA, keep it awake 
for better times to come, which I believe will take a quarter or 2 at the most. And 
in the meantime, go aggressive in new markets with your products, your Parador 
products are extremely good, high end. Go into the market, establish new 

Page 10 of 23 
 
contracts with big building houses, contractors, builders, influencers like the 
interior designers, architects, and build the brand further to be ready to absolute 
kickstart as soon as the situation is ready, we are taking the second. 
 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay. Got it. That is helpful. No, I am saying you also mentioned that even the 
suppliers are facing difficulties in your case, in some cases, as you mentioned. So 
is this also a time to backward integrate? Or there is no need for you to backward 
integrate in Parador? I mean, are there any inorganic opportunities which you see 
to make your business more stronger in the future? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: I will just take you back to about 12 months back. There was a huge crisis for raw 
material availability in Europe, and that's the time the important raw material like 
HDF that we buy, MDF that we buy, chemicals that we buy shot up by about 100%. 
Now when the suppliers have enjoyed such a fantastic profitable year last year, 
they are determined not to slip that through. So they have 2 choices. One, lower 
their price immensely because the demands are following and keep their plants 
on. The second was to stop their plants, not to lower their prices. So they are 
taking the second option. So we are not seeing therefore a price dip enough from 
them while they have closed their plants and therefore, suffering a lot on the fixed 
costs. I am hopeful we have been able to get a 20-25% discount over the peak 
prices in the last quarter or so in raw material, which as the inventory gets 
depleted, we will see the benefit of this in the profits, on the costs. But we are not 
seeing the suppliers taking any disastrous action by reducing their selling prices 
immensely. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Vora, an investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Vora: 
First of all, I would like to appreciate the management's efforts to always keep 
investors updated about what is coming and being quite appreciative about this, 
over the past 3 quarters, you've been very clear that, yes, there is a problem and 
you've been updating us. Firstly, the question is on Parador, again, revolving 
around this. Are we seeing any kind of inventory that we have stacked up or that 
is there, which can come as a write-off in the coming days? That's my first 
question. And the second question is on the Building Solutions where we have 
done extremely well, and it looks like the new acquisition has merged very well 
into HIL. The margins that we have reported here, how are these sustainable? And 
going forward, is there a scope for improvement in these margins? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Thank you for giving me a chance to explain the inventory part of it. So let me go 
back a few months back and draw you to the stress that we had during the onset 
of the war, where there was absolute scarcity of wood. Because as I had informed 
you earlier, 40% of the wood for the whole world's supplies come out of Ukraine 
and Russia. So with the wars there, that was under a big, big problem. We have 

Page 11 of 23 
 
been able to secure a lot of inventory during that time using our connect so that 
we don't ever starve ourselves of raw materials. 
 
We were carrying in Parador about 47 million Euro inventory towards the middle 
of last quarter. Now is the time when we have decided raw material availability is 
no more a problem. So we have taken concerted approach to bring it down. I 
would draw to all investors the point that the lowest inventory in the history of 
Parador used to be 33-34 million Euro, but the raw material costs have gone up by 
about 100%. And therefore, automatically, the inventory carrying levels goes up. 
But we have taken determined effort to get the inventory pegged at 40 million 
Euro. We are at about 41-42 million Euro at the moment. We will bring it down a 
little more, and peg it at 40 million Euro till sales really return in full speed. That is 
point number one. 
 
And number two, there is no dead inventory. So every material is usable and 
therefore, there is absolutely no problem with our inventory. That's answering 
your second question. Now I come to the Building Solutions. The margins, which 
were hovering around 4%, 5%, 6% in any of the years earlier, and EBITDA level has 
now gone up to 13%, which I would give credit to the team. We are very positive 
that we will be able to continue this spree. And these margins can only improve 
from here according to me as we grow in this business. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
First on the Parador business. When you mentioned that we were able to lock in 
the electricity prices in February and our P&F still remains at 2.5% of revenue, then 
are we primarily seeing the impact in Parador because of the demand just getting 
sort of eroded? Or because when we look at even at the gross margin levels as 
well for Parador itself, then there also we are seeing some pressure. So maybe if I 
can just, like-to-like basis, a 40% gross margin has gone down to 35%. So could you 
highlight both these things, please? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Absolutely. I will be happy to highlight all of this to you. First of all, and as you 
spoke about electricity, yes. For this calendar year, up to December, it's 100% 
locked at very favorable rates than what is there presently. And for next calendar 
year, it's locked up to, say, average 50%. The other part we still have to lock it. And 
in the present rate, we are unable to lock it for next year because that's a huge, 
huge cost. So we are waiting for the government to take the right decisions, which 
I am confident Germany and Austria will take in times to come, and we will see 
possibly some good reduction or rebates on this in the coming months. And then 
we will go for the lock in. 
 

Page 12 of 23 
 
Even amidst that our contribution is low, our gross margins are low. The reasons 
are the following; number one, the raw material costs that are standing in our SAP 
is very, very high, because they were very high initially. It's just started coming 
down in the last 1-1.5 months. We have seen aggressive negotiations that has 
come down by about 20-25%. We will be able to realize this benefit in the coming 
months it may be after a quarter, because we are unable to buy more material as 
we are taking concerted approach to reduce the inventory. So that's one point. 
 
Second, why is the margins deteriorating? So one of the reasons for margin 
deterioration is there is no orders. So if there are no orders, you are taking active 
actions to bring in order and stay alive, and that's exactly what we are doing. 
Therefore, the NSRs are not going up at all to compensate for any of the other 
costs that have gone up. Overall, if you see freight costs have gone up immensely 
because of oil prices 3-4x, everywhere. All raw material costs have gone up, 
chemicals have gone up, because everyone is sweating at the moment in Europe. 
So all this is adding to the woes of the margin. So as situation eases out, all of this 
is going to come down. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood, sir. And just on the electricity front, when you say that for the next 
year, we have locked in 50% on an average for both our plants. This is on what 
trades, if you could specify? Is it for the similar rate that we have for this particular 
year? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Yes. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood. Sir, just then on the overall impact, which you are seeing in October. 
And we also know that December is Christmas, which is generally a bit of an off-
season in Parador. So for Q3, do you see similar kind of numbers which we can 
achieve as we have seen in Q2? Or you would see that we might be relatively 
better off? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Yes. We are trying every day, sir. Every day, I am on top of that, I am spending 
almost more than 2-2.5 weeks in Europe myself and traveling to all customers 
directly to have a first impression and also support. So every attempt is being 
made to see what best we can deliver in Q3. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just then on the Roofing business. I just missed your comment on 
the increase in fiber prices. Could you quantify that, please? And that is close to 
40% of our total RM, right? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: You're right. So fiber has gone up by more than 15%, maybe 15-20% rise in fiber 
cost. And the sea freights haven't come down. So given you a clear impression the 
sea freights from China to maybe Europe has come down, but from Brazil to India 

Page 13 of 23 
 
hasn't come down because it was already lower than the other sea freights. So 
that hasn't come down enough. So therefore, these are cost elements, which is 
very, very difficult to be recovered from the market with NSR, and that's what's 
creating the downsize. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
Okay. So just from that, understanding perspective, this 15-20% increase is year-
over-year, right? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: That's right. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
So when we look at our margins for the current quarter and when we look at what 
we achieved in Q2 of last year, there's a significant decline. So is there anything 
else that we are missing because the fiber price have not shot up so significantly 
to have an overall impact on our margins in such a way? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: I mean if you look at fiber alone, there is a big, big dent to the bottom line that has 
come through. I don't have the quantified numbers, but we could send it later for 
you. Cement had also gone up in Q2. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
Close to 6-7% impact, right? 35-40% and 15%? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: And the NSR happens, the other costs are also there in there. So all of that 
together, I think the dip in margin are at least correcting in roofing. So there is a 
dip in margin of 8% in H1, and I think most of it is fiber, cement and, of course, 
quarter-on-quarter, there will be some cost increase, which is on manpower and 
all those things. Plus the electricity costs in all our factories have gone up in the 
country that has gone up. So all of that. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood, sir. And for a second half in the roofing business, sir, do we see a step-
up improvement in margins? Or we see a moderate sort of an improvement? 
Because for second half of last year, we were somewhere in the band of 15%, 
15.5% on EBIT levels. So do you think that is something which will be achievable 
given that we have seen such sharp increase in freight prices and even in fiber 
prices? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: The attempt is to improve the margin, but it will not happen by any cost savings 
and everything that I do, which is controllable, is not going to give a substantial 
flip-up unless the NSR goes up substantially. So that is the element on which the 
team is fully working on because the cost, given where we are I don't see an 
improvement in cost of raw material at all. 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
And sir, just lastly, on the Construction Chemicals business. You said that you have 
hired close to 25-30 people, and you have achieved somewhere around INR 7 

Page 14 of 23 
 
crore of revenue in the first half. What has been the operating cost as of now for 
this business, first half FY23? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: I don't have that number here, and I think it will not be fair to me to talk about the 
entire P&L in this call. It is too early, sir. This is an investment. See if I had investors 
in Construction Chemicals by heavy Capex, there would have been depreciation 
and costs and all the rest, which we have not taken the route. So the route we've 
taken is organic growth. So these costs, you should estimate as an investment for 
the future growth of construction chemical. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pavnish Kumar from Hridya Cars Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Pavnish Kumar:  
Good morning Mr. Choudhary and thank you for such comprehensive, detailed 
analysis of the business performance. And I can very well understand the kind of 
difficulty which the company is going through, but you all are relentlessly fighting 
to make the company profitable once again. So congratulations once again. Sir, 
my question was like asbestos sheet has always been, there are always 
apprehensions around the future of asbestos sheet it being cancerous. So do we 
have a plan B in case in future government bans asbestos sheets? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Kumar saab thank you for your good wishes, in this period it is far too impossible 
to get compliments. But thank you for understanding our pain. Your team is fully 
on the job. And I can tell you, we are more than committed when it comes to 
mitigating hardships. Your question on asbestos is fair, but to tell you very frankly, 
I do not see a problem in the immediate future in India because there is no other 
competitive material to asbestos roofing in the whole world. And the rural sector 
relies immensely on cost-effective, high strength, high-longevity products. And 
therefore, I don't see problem at all in India. 
 
But your company is the only company which has taken a strategic decision to 
come out with non-asbestos roofing product. We are unable to push this in the 
big numbers because this product is more strategic for a possibility when asbestos 
roofing will go out of the market. If asbestos goes out of the market, Charminar 
Fortune, which is our non-asbestos roofing product, can be made from each and 
every manufacturing facility that make asbestos roofing. So there is 100% 
replacement that can happen of the affected lines to make non asbestos products. 
So that product is already there. Enough actions are being taken on cost reduction 
there, so that we are able to bring it down substantially. We have sold in excess of 
about 11,000 metric tons in the first 6 months of this year, of this product, and the 
quality is doing fantastically well. 
 

Page 15 of 23 
 
Pavnish Kumar:  
Fair enough. Sir, my second question was like we seem to have a weak brand in 
terms of pipes in North India. So do we plan to strengthen it further in North India? 
And also do we wish to outsource the production in North India of PVC and CPVC 
pipes? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Thank you again. I'll take the second question first. We have 3 manufacturing units 
for pipes and your question is going to be on pipes. Because putty, we are actually 
very good as a brand in North India, and we have secured good market of putty in 
North. Let me come to pipe specifically, that's your question. We have 3 locations 
where we make pipes. Faridabad is one, which is in North India. Golan is the other, 
which is in West India. And Thimmapur is the third, which is in South, so mixed 
out. So we have 3 factories. 
 
At the moment, Faridabad is about 85% fully capacity utilized. Thimmapur is 100% 
capacity utilized, and Golan is about 50%. So we have enough capacity within the 
manufacturing facility. So we don't have to go for outsourcing. Second is the 3 
verticals on which pipes really works according to me and you can correct me 
always, is the brand, number one; product quality, number two; and the team, the 
sales team. So we are strengthening all of these 3 continuously. You would have 
seen a lot of brand activation in North behind the autos, the 3-wheelers with our 
brand. It's always a matter of when do I spend more on brand on ATLs. And that 
decision we will be taking as the business takes the lead. PVC price reduction has 
kind of hovers around the minds of the industry on a lower demand and lower 
primary sales. So give us another couple of months, as PVC price stabilizes, you 
would see a lot more brand activation. 
 
Pavnish Kumar:  
Yes. My question specifically on PVC pipe was because, sir, I am myself into this 
trade, I am a distributor of PVC and CPVC pipes. And in our area in Haryana, we 
see Astral and Ashirvad being extremely strong in CPVC. I don't see that kind of a 
push from HIL. Me being a very, very loyal shareholder of HIL, I would love to see 
some force in CPVC pipes in Haryana also. That's a request, sir. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Do I have a difference with your view, not at all. Astral and Ashirvad, you named 2 
companies, they are big giants in pipes. Over the last 25-30 years, they have built 
a brand which is exceptionally well, and I look up to them. Can we get to that 
league very soon? Yes, we will. And thank you for being so patient with us. Do 
interact with our pipes team and help us to appreciate what more we can do in 
Haryana specifically, and we'll do every bit of it. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
I just have 2 questions. One is specific to Parador. In the opening remarks, you 
mentioned that the problems which we are facing, many other competitors are 

Page 16 of 23 
 
also facing. So over a long period, if we look at Parador has 2 manufacturing lines, 
1 in Germany and 1 in Austria. Now if you get from manufacturing lines in some 
other region in Europe, which probably helps you reduce the logistics costs and 
help to expand the market faster, would you be open to any acquisitions of that 
sort in Parador? Or is there anything of that sort in terms of acquisitions to build 
or strengthen our logistics or supply chain better in Parador you are thinking? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Nikhil Ji, that's a very, very important and pertinent question that you have asked. 
I will tell you why because when situation becomes so bad in Europe, and I think 
that this will continue for the next quarter at least, there would be some distress 
effects that we can look at. Our team is working on this as we speak. At the 
moment, our German factory is fully unfilled. So we are about 60% capacity 
utilized. So there's far more that we can do in Germany. Therefore, we will not be 
in a hurry to look at expanding the facility for products like resilient, laminates and 
modular one. 
 
But our wood plant is fully utilized. So we are actually having order backlog up to 
end of February there. And we are definitely looking at some companies from 
where we can possibly source some part of this. Though the brand plays a bigger 
role, the brand is so well established, we don't want to dampen the brand and its 
value, therefore, buying from anyone else, selling will not be our course of action. 
We would be doing majority value add in our factories to continue the brand 
spree. But your question on whether we can look at constructively to buy some 
company during this distressed time, yes, that window is very much open. But I 
will not be in hurry immediately. 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. Second question Dhirup Ji is, slightly if I zoom out in terms of the company, 
now we have three pillars for us here, one is Parador, another is roofing. And third 
is the new business initiatives, which we are developing. Now for the last 1.5 years, 
if I look at it, all the events are exclusive events to each of the business, but all of 
them hit us at the same time. So if you have to understand, and if you review your 
business over the last 5 years and you create your strategy over the next 5 years 
because this volatility of the business, operating environment can sustain and we 
don't know about it. Would you see any way that probably in some part of the 
business aggressiveness has to increase? Or would you say we need one more 
pillar in order to strengthen the P&L, balance sheet, in order to compensate for 
such volatile events whenever they happen? Or how are you looking at it? Like 
what's your learning or what's your reading of the events which have happened 
over the last 3 years? And what are your key takeaways, which you probably think 
next 3 to 5 years the whole company has to bring? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Quite a strategic question, and I am very happy you asked this because this is 
something which continues to grow in my mind, and I can give you an answer 

Page 17 of 23 
 
straightaway without looking at any papers. Strategically, HIL is all planned to 
become USD 1 billion by 2025-26. And this is a commitment I have made. This was 
a commitment I made 5 years when I joined this organization, when we were only 
USD 140 million, and I continue to make that commitment. But the last 2-3 years 
have been difficult, first COVID, now the war. These were unanticipated. These 
were unprecedented. You can label them as historically one of its kind. 
 
But the team has really, really taken lessons to make this as an opportunity for the 
business in many ways, and we will continue to do. Let me come specific to your 
questions. Roofing, you can expect in the next 3-4 years, and let's talk about only 
3-4 years now time fame, roofing, I still don't expect more than a single-digit 
growth in roofing. The cost will always be a threat to roofing profitability, but we 
will take enough actions from R&D in alternative recipes to mitigate these costs. 
And therefore, on a profitability scale, roofing will be quite sustainable. 
 
Let's come to now Building Solutions. So that's a segment which was nascent when 
I joined, and it was not even INR 150 crore, I remember. We have taken this 
segment to INR 400 crore, and now you can see this year that we are able to grow 
this segment with a double-digit profitability. And we will take enough actions to 
grow this further. I am determined not to add too many assets to this because the 
asset turn in this business is not very high, but we would look at all alternatives to 
grow this business through outsourcing route, as well as, wherever needed, add-
on intelligent Capex so that we are able to grow this business. This business will 
become at least INR 800 crore in the next 3-4 years' time. 
 
When we look at polymers, that's absolute new business, which came in once I 
joined. So I remember the INR 130 crore Capex that we invested within 3-4 months 
or 5 months of my joining. This is a complete new segment, and we are learning 
the trade of it. Have we expertise in it? No. Every day, we are learning, sir. This is 
a very, very difficult, but very interesting segment. This segment, we've seen 
enough to grow to INR 1,000 crore in Pipes, and we are absolutely committed to 
take this up there. So this growth will happen. And when we reach those levels, 
the profitability will be quite good because that's what we have seen for all the 
established players, 5-6 of them who are at that level, INR 1,000+ crore. 
 
Putty, of course, is more opportunistic, more a brand play by us, more 
opportunistic based on our penetration countrywide, where we are connected 
with 26,000 retailers around the country. So putty, to take it beyond a certain level 
will be difficult because there are big players there. Two of them established and 
now one paint company is making a big play in this. So we will continue in this 
product and take it to INR 400-450 crore, certainly. My earlier estimate was INR 
600 crore, but I would soften that a little bit, but we will grow. 
 

Page 18 of 23 
 
When it comes to Construction Chemicals, that's the newest business, we are 
caught into. And construction chemicals for me is absolute Greenfield for HIL with 
its brand, it’s connect. Most of our counters sell this product, and it's just to climb 
on it and try and make best of this. We have just entered sir, and you would see 
good, good improvement, very good exponential growth in the segment in the 
coming quarters, quarter-after-quarter. 
 
The flooring segment that is Parador is a very, very good segment. I once again say 
what is happening in Europe was completely unprecedented. We will grow this 
segment and double Parador from where it is in the next 3-4 years' time, that's 
the commitment, that's where the new greener pasture that are being secured. 
Parador already sold in Germany and Austria, almost 70-75%. So now with the 
turmoil there, it's giving us an opportunity to look at other avenues, and the team 
is fully contributing to that. 
 
And of course, if you add all of those, we may still be lacking about INR 1,000 crore 
more to reach up to the INR 7,000-7,500 crore level. And we are always 
opportunistic with that. 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
My question was not with respect to reaching a particular scale. My question was 
with respect to having the ability with the company to move the pedal and 
improve the profitability. So what we saw this quarter was like the roofing got 
impacted, Parador got impacted, pipes got impacted. So all 3 were exclusive 
events, but they all impacted the P&L badly. Now what we have seen in many large 
companies is like if 1 or 2 business don't operate, they have the ability to move 
the profitability in the third business and still keep sanctity of the P&L and the cash 
flows as it is. So what I am trying to understand is that probably rather than 
opening more avenues, should we focus on improving the scalability of the 
existing avenues so that profitability lever stays with us? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: The whole team effort is not only top line, but profitable top line, and that has not 
daunted at all. What you are seeing as fluctuation or negativity in profitability is 
entirely externally created. And I think the entire industry is in this problem. So I 
am not defending where we are, but I am just saying, no matter which segment 
you look at if you were there, situations were difficult. There are just a few 
segments which are doing extremely well. All the others have been knocked down 
in building materials. 
 
So whichever segment I would have created, we would have faced this problem in 
the present terminal, which is more geopolitical creation. So you have one stability 
here that you are not only in one geography, you are in 2 geographies or 3 
geographies, if I may say. And therefore, India weakens for any reason, Europe will 
sustain. If Europe has weakened today, India is sustaining. That's the sustainability 

Page 19 of 23 
 
of this organization. So I don't think anything is lacking in our futuristic strategy 
that will not take this company to profitable growth. These are absolutely 
unprecedented times. Live through this and you would see what your 
management brings to you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rama Krishna Neti from Zen Wealth 
Management Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Rama Krishna Neti:  
Yes. So the question, particularly with respect to Roofing segment. In your initial 
comments, you mentioned that apart from the raw material impact and all those 
things, there was high competitive intensity because of this there was a pricing 
pressure which have impacted the margins. So at a general level just trying to 
understand, at what stage of the cycle do you see the current situation now, this 
competitive intensity related pricing pressure will continue to stay in the system? 
That is first one. Second thing is to what extent the pressure is also because of 
demand-supply scenario and impact of alternatives to asbestos roofing? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Okay. Let me take your second question first. There is no alternative for Roofing 
segment. I don't think steel at all competes into this segment. The price of steel 
sheets would be at least double of that of our asbestos roofing. And therefore, I 
don't see that at all a competition. This segment is about 3.7 to 4 million metric 
tons in India. And it stays with a cyclicity within quarters that happens. If the rains 
have been bad in a particular year, the next year, demand will be low because the 
crops will be less, and therefore, the farmers get less to take for the roofs. But the 
rains have been very good again this year. Therefore, I do not see a problem next 
year so far as demand is concerned. 
 
This segment has at least 35% excess capacity. And for HIL, we have about 20-25% 
excess capacity in our machines. So there is always a lower demand to the capacity 
that can be produced in the country. And 2 of our competitions are adding new 
machines, new lines for asbestos roofing. I wonder why, but they are. So that will 
further increase installed capacity in India. The demand grows at about, single 
digits, 2%, 3%, 4% annually and that’s the best you can achieve. 
 
So far as the margins are concerned, yes, the raw material has played out about 
this year, fiber being one, your sea freight being the other part of that. Cement 
always is a concern, but I think the industry has learned to live with the cement 
cyclicity. But fiber has been a complete bouncing. I think this will soften once 
Russia and Kazakhstan start in a good way, which should happen in the next 2-3 
quarters is my view. On the selling price part, your company is the only one which 
has at least a market differential of 5% to 7% over the next on realization. So that's 
because of the brand, because of the penetration we have. So we will always be 
ahead of the curve when it comes to NSRs. And we will also be very competitive 

Page 20 of 23 
 
on the material cost because being big and having a long-term relationship with 
some of our key suppliers, we get preferential treatment. So this segment will 
continue to be high profitability and decent growth on a sustainable basis. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subham Agarwal from Aequitas. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Subham Agarwal: 
First of all, really appreciate you explaining the current situation in such detail. Sir, 
most of my questions have already been answered, but one more question I 
wanted to understand is related to the fiber prices. So you mentioned that Y-o-Y, 
it has gone up by 15%. But if you can give me some more detail around the current 
situation or the magnitude of the problem. Do you see the Brazilian supplies 
increasing in order to capture the growth in the demand? And when do you expect 
the Kazakhstan or Russia supplies to come back? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Thank you, Subham. Fiber price escalation was created because of, I think, 2 or 3 
factors. One was this war. Therefore, there was a huge uncertainty around 
deliveries from Russia and Kazakhstan. Even today, I guess, the deliveries do not 
come direct, but are routed elsewhere. But we don't buy from Russia and Kazakhs, 
so I will not have a clear update on this. But certainly, what it meant was we saw 
many of our competitors flocking to Brazil to fill up their fiber requirements, which 
was evident. And along with the cost structure in Brazil and of course, a little bit 
of opportunistic regime that they could see themselves in, they raised the prices. 
15-20% is the rise in selling price that they have declared, I believe, to everyone. 
We have a preferential pricing with Brazil, I guess, over the rest and these numbers 
are not officially circulated, so I am using the word guess, but I am rather confident 
on this. And therefore that continues. So on a lower base, even if we have to 
increase the price by 15-20%, others have increased it on higher base. So our cost, 
therefore, would be lower than others. That's one aspect of it. What was the other 
question that you asked? 
 
Subham Agarwal: 
When do you expect the supplies to come back from Kazakhstan and Russia? And 
is there a possibility of a Brazilian entity increasing the supply to reduce prices? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: So I think the Brazilians would look at improving their capacity because they are 
now full up with orders. There are a lot of people crowding on them for more. So 
if I was them, I would increase the capacity. That's what I would say. It's on their 
hands. I don't buy from Kazakhs at all, so I can't give that answer to you. You should 
ask some of our other competition who regularly buy, but I think they're having 
problems. Russians have shown enough intention to once again supply to us. We 
will take it as it comes, but there are concerns on way of payment, as well as on 
routing of the material. 
 

Page 21 of 23 
 
Subham Agarwal: 
Got it. And lastly, on the Building Solutions division. So with our new investment, 
when do you expect the capacities to fully ramp up? And by Q4, how much can we 
expect out of the new investment? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: So the boards adaptation in Odisha, which was about INR 20-odd crore Capex, has 
already started kicking. So which is our roofing plant, which has been adopted to 
make boards, non-asbestos board during off-season, so they start kicking already 
in our roofing plant in Odisha. Panels new plant is being created again INR 28 crore 
something, which is in its final leg, I think by February, we will start 
commercializing that. So boards have started on. Panels will add on from February. 
FastBuild, which is the new acquisition of blocks, we have already started getting 
revenues from that last quarter and this quarter again. And other quarters, we will 
start, and we will try to grow that further. 
 
We are also adding small capacities in our existing plants to increase the 
production and all of that should back to grow this business further. And 
opportunistically, looking at a further blocks from an outsourcing route, which I 
mentioned, which we have not yet been finalized. I think in the next month or so, 
we should be able to kick off a few. So next quarter, we should be definitely able 
to share with you that part of it. We may need to add a couple of Capex here and 
there, but at the moment, it's not in a stage where I can for sure talk about it. But 
Building Solutions, we will grow. 
 
Subham Agarwal: 
Got it. That's good to hear. And lastly, on the Polymer division, do we expect 
breakeven in the current quarter? Or the situation is still negative in terms of 
pricing? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: So if PVC prices do not further drop, I think we should be able to breakeven at 
EBITDA terms. But if PVC prices drop, well, we have already seen a INR 7 drop 
already this quarter, adds to the woes of inventory losses, for everyone, not only 
for us. But let's keep our fingers cross. But I must give you a realistic view, I 
definitely see CPVC prices further dropping by at least INR 7 to INR 10 more. And 
then there is no further possibility for this to drop, that's my estimate on this. And 
the reason for PVC price drop is U.S., which has closed its operations a year back 
from October, November of last year has started kicking. And there is a huge, huge 
excess capacity in Europe. China is dumping their products. So they have excess 
capacity. So from international markets, all of this is ruining the prices. Whether 
they are making margins or not, I don't believe. Because in India, some of the 
companies who are selling are not making positive margins by selling PVC. 
 
So I don't think this is more from the suppliers' intention, this is more an 
overcapacity globally, which is ruining the PVC prices. What it's doing for pipe 
businesses, every customer is expecting a further drop in selling price of pipes 

Page 22 of 23 
 
because PVC will further go down, therefore, primary stockings are not happening, 
and that is really shaming this industry. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Khanna from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
My question is regarding Parador, we can see that demand is scarce. What is your 
sense still, when would you see a DIY demand to be scarce, first? Secondly, would 
you look for acquisition of brands in Europe and this is adding on to that distress 
acquisition question, that one of the listeners already asked you. So would you be 
acquiring more brands to become a consolidator in the European market? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: So Mohit Ji, thank you for your question. Part of it I have answered, but I don't 
mind repeating any bit of it just for clarity. First of all, demand definitely has gone 
down more than 30%. Let me tell you, this is not what Parador is facing. The 
market is facing even more. We are trying to sustain one part of our business, 
which is the engineered wood through project orders from Nordic countries and 
Spain, which I guess others are not able to do. So to an extent, we are slightly 
better off than others. Therefore, we have not closed our factories. We are 
keeping our factories on. That answering your first question. 
 
Your second question on when this demand will improve, I can't say honestly. 
Because it all depends on after the winter, whether the sentiments of the 
consumers return. I can only say that my bet is on that after the winter, situation 
improves. So from February, situation should improve. The other bit I can tell you 
is I have seen that when 6 to 7 months, 8 months, the world was closed for COVID, 
when situation became good, there was a huge, huge demand spree that came in 
Europe, and we were unable to fill it up at that stage because raw materials were 
not available. 
 
So that kind of a spree of demand is definitely going to come and most probably 
then not next year. Therefore, I am preparing myself to have a bumper Parador 
performance next year. That's how I am preparing. Hopefully, the war should 
subside. Hopefully, situation should be far under control. Hopefully, the 
government also does enough. The German government is a very strong 
government, just that they have, at the moment, 3 parties running and so there is 
no single majority. They need to find a way to influence on the industry that are 
doing well, and sustaining and keeping the jobs on trend. If you get an opportunity, 
do watch my interaction with the biggest forum that KPMG is platforming in 
Frankfurt. And I am going to speak aloud on what the industries need from the 
government. Let's hope that helps. 
 

Page 23 of 23 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
Fair enough. I was just actually trying to understand that you have already 
explained that you have spent quite a bit of time in Europe. So from that 
perspective and the gas prices, which is causing inflation and eating into wallet 
share of the consumers. So on that front, do you see really concrete steps taken 
up by the government in Europe to lower gas prices and situation might be better 
controlled starting Feb? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: What they have done is close to nothing because they have passed on a EUR 200 
subsidy to all individuals in the last month, which is neither here nor there. So 
that's not helping at all. They have declared a EUR 200 billion package which is 
only on the net. But no one knows the details of it truly how it's going to help the 
industries or consumers. They are still waiting for more clarity. The clarity that has 
been sent across is very confusing for everyone. And therefore, I am unable to 
comment on this. I think in the next few days, months' time, we will have far more 
clarity. On 14th, I am back to Europe. Let's hope, I will be meeting a few 
government agencies also and bankers. At the moment, also, bankers are 
important because we have to continue to see liquidity in Parador in every way. 
So all of that is being worked for, as I say. 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
Liquidity in Parador. Could you just emphasize a little bit more on that, sir? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Parador liquidity is always a concern if we do not do enough revenue. And 
therefore, when revenues are low, we have to continue to look at the liquidity in 
Parador. At the moment, there's no problem. But for future, depending on how 
things mature, we would like to have everything in our hands from the bankers, 
and that's what I talked of. Interest rates have gone up in Europe, as you are 
aware, and therefore, all of that is gone up. All I said is, we are monitoring every 
bit of it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: Thank you very much, everyone. It has been a pleasure interacting with all of you 
on this call. I hope I have been able to transparently inform you about how your 
company is, where we have the constraints and what actions we have taken. We 
would like to engage more and more with you to give you full history of where we 
are. If you have any further questions, I would be happy to answer them. Please 
reach out to our Investor Relationship desk, and we will always be available to 
answer them. Thank you. Stay safe. Bye-bye. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
