 
 
Registered Office: 3rd Floor, Kalpataru Inspire, Off W. E. Highway, Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 400 055 India. Tel: (91-22) 6640 2323.  
Corporate Identity Number: L24100MH1983PLC029442  
www.lupin.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Transcript of Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(2) read with Schedule Ill Part A Para A(15)(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed is a copy of the Transcript of the Q2 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, November 10, 2022. 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
R. V. SATAM 
COMPANY SECRETARY  
(ACS - 11973) 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
Rajvardhan 
Vishnu 
Satam
Digitally signed by Rajvardhan Vishnu Satam 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=c19d8ef961d9fa59e973a093a4d3924b2532eb2
f496ea7e2abcf74700f5375b7, postalCode=400104, 
street=2404,SEJAL TOWER,SEJAL PARK,LINK 
ROAD,GOREGAON WEST,Mumbai,Motilal 
Nagar,Borivali,Mumbai Suburban, 
pseudonym=9a4b7cd219ea516ad56e6d651dcbbe5b, 
title=0191, 
serialNumber=df8ebe60a88c796663c738ea25bfa0b475
d195f726cdb67a2ff09c4242771b2a, o=Personal, 
cn=Rajvardhan Vishnu Satam 
Date: 2022.11.16 10:42:08 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
“Lupin Limited Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
• 
MS. VINITA GUPTA – CEO, LUPIN LIMITED 
• 
MR. NILESH GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, LUPIN LIMITED 
• 
MR. RAMESH SWAMINATHAN - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GLOBAL 
CFO AND HEAD CORPORATE AFFAIRS, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator:   
Welcome to Lupin Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that 
all participants' line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
                                               I now hand the conference over to the management. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
 
Vinita Gupta:  
Hi, everyone. This is Vinita Gupta here. A very warm welcome to our Q2 
earnings call. I have with me our Managing Director, Nilesh, as well as our 
CFO, Ramesh and members of our Finance and Investor Relations teams. 
Trust you all have seen our numbers for the quarter, and Ramesh will share a 
deeper analysis of our performance.  
 
As you would have noted, our business has improved. Revenue growth was 
driven by the bounce back of our U.S. business along with continued growth 
in our India business, and also growth across all other geographies. On the 
margin front, we see the benefit of our optimization measures in addition to 
the revenue growth in the business. We are focused on sustaining this 
positive momentum for the rest of the year.  
 
I would like to share some of the business highlights with you. On the U.S. 
front, we have continued to evolve our business with optimization of oral 
solids, driving growth of complex generics, respiratory franchise, in particular 
and executing on our new product launches. During the quarter, our 
respiratory franchise contribution increased, and we executed on a couple of 
new product launches in particular Suprep that will help growth in Q3 and Q4. 
It had some contribution in Q2, but since it was launched in September, more 
to come in Q3 and Q4.  
 
In addition, we closed our acquisition of the Sunovion brands, Brovana and 
Xopenex that will enable us to enhance our respiratory position in the U.S., 
while contributing to revenue as well as profitability growth. As we look at 
the quarters ahead, we have new product launches like Spiriva, Diazepam Gel, 
Nascobal Nasal Spray and Darunavir, multiple products where we have 
exclusivity or first-to-market position that will enable us to grow our U.S. 
business in a profitable manner.  
 
On Spiriva, while we had hoped to get an approval by now, we are close. We 
have responded to all the queries the agency had raised and are working 
closely with the FDA to get approval by our eligible launch date. We will know 
more in the next few weeks, and we'll share what we learn with all of you. In 
any case, we see this as a substantial contributor for fiscal year '24 and will 
definitely have a significant runway based on the competitive position at 
present.  
 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
Switching to India, the largest part of our business, while our growth in the 
quarter and the first half has been below market, this is primarily due to the 
loss of Cidmus from our cardiovascular portfolio and generalisation in the 
gliptins. But for the diabetes portfolio, our India business grew ahead of the 
market. Also, the diabetes franchise, while impacted in the near term, we 
expect growth in the mid- to long term given the continued growth in 
diagnosis and increased affordability with generics coming to the market, and 
our own generics.  
 
In our top therapy areas, respiratory and cardiac growth was in line with the 
market and therapeutic areas that we are trying to build like GI and women's 
health were well above the market. We expect the second half of the year to 
be better than H1 from a growth perspective and are committed to get our 
India business back to double-digit growth in the quarters and years to come.  
 
All other markets continued to grow and perform as per expectations, in 
particular, we saw a really strong local currency growth in Mexico and strong 
double-digit growth across Australia, Germany, Canada and U.K., our other 
developed markets.  
 
On the margin front, we have seen significant efforts that we have had 
underway in the last 12 to 18 months’ payoff, our margins did improve, and 
we expect to see this benefit continue in the quarters to come despite 
inflationary pressures. A word on the compliance front, we have made 
progress this past year with the clearance of Goa and Somerset warning 
letters and successful inspection of Ankleshwar and Nagpur. However, the 
warning letter at Tarapur certainly was disappointing for us. We have clarified 
with the agency that it is only specific products that we have discontinued 
over the last couple of years from the site and we continue to manufacture a 
number of key products with a clear commitment to meet the FDA's concerns 
on nitrosamine and cross-contamination that they highlighted to us during 
the inspection and in the warning letter.  
 
Overall, we are moving in the right direction, as you can see from what we 
have delivered in the quarter and are really committed to grow both revenues 
and profitability in the quarters to come, while executing on our strategic 
plan.  
 
With this, I will hand it over to Ramesh for a deeper analysis of our 
performance. 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Thank you, Vinita. Sales for Q2 FY '23 are INR 4,091 crores as compared to INR 
3,604 crores in the previous quarter, a growth of about 13.5% quarter-on-
quarter. Year-on year basis, it was about 2.2% as compared to Q2 FY '22 sales 
of INR 4,003 crores. I would just go on to the margins a bit. FY '23 Q2 gross 
margin was 58.1% as compared to Q1 of 55.3%. This is mainly due to one-time 
shelf stock adjustment in the previous quarter, and in this quarter, we also 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
had optimization of freight costs, both mix and rate and other write-offs and 
better product mix as well.  
 
There was, of course, some price erosion, which was well contained though. 
On the employee benefit bit, Q2 FY '23 is INR 771 crores vis-a-vis INR 778 
crores in the previous quarter. Manufacturing expenses, very well contained 
again, FY '23 was INR 1,226 crores vis-a-vis INR 1,191 crores in line with the 
sales development itself. EBITDA, operating EBITDA, excluding FX and other 
income, is 10.6% in Q2 FY '23. Quarter-on-quarter growth in EBITDA is about 
610 basis points, which is led by expansion of gross margins over Q1 and 
higher sales growth, which is again reported across various regions. R&D is 
flat as compared to Q2 FY '22 at 8.3%.  
 
ETR, normalized ETR is expected to be between 31% and 34% as few 
subsidiaries like LI, LOI, Digital and Healthcare continue to make losses. 
Operating working capital days improved to about 140 days in Q2, visa-vis 147 
days in Q1 of FY '23, a reduction in inventory despite delivering higher sales. 
 
 And with this, may I open the floor for discussions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
First question is from Neha.  
 
Neha Manpuria:  
Ramesh, on the operating cost in the quarter, last quarter we had indicated a 
fair bit of cost optimization efforts that you know we were expecting. Well 
you've seen gross margin improvement or operating cost, especially 
employee cost, other expenses, hasn't seen the reduction, we had also 
indicated closure of facility. So, could you put some give us some color there 
please? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Yes. Sure, Neha. There are several initiatives that we have been carrying on, 
and also we have been focusing on gross margins apart from what we are 
doing on the top line front itself and as we looked on alternate vendor 
development in terms of routes to synthesis etcetera for the gross margins 
bit.  
 
In terms of the manpower itself, yes, we did go through, in fact, with the 
workforce planning at the factory level. There was a reduction, and you'll find 
a lot more coming up in Q3 and Q4 as well. I think there is a shift between 
lines, essentially that's the reason why you're actually found it to be a little 
flattish when it comes to the manpower lines itself, but believe me that there 
has been overall reduction, which has come through.  
 
On the SG&A front, there is a lot more of sales promotion in line with the 
overall sales development itself, and that's across various regions, including 
India. But despite all of that, you would see that the overall margins have 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
actually gone up, and so that's in line with the development of the gross 
margins front as well as the evolution on the sales front. 
  
Neha Manpuria: 
Are we sticking to the guidance that we gave last quarter of exit margins? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: It really depends on the product top line profile really. So if we do get the kind 
of products that we were anticipating, then you would look at an exit rate, 
which is more in line with our overall anticipation for the future. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, which would be the number that we had mentioned before in the last 
quarter? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Yes, around that. 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, Got it. Vinita, on the U.S. business, given we had a lot of one-off and 
moving parts in the last quarter, if I were to look at the base business, how 
has the pricing erosion been in the base? And have we been able to regain 
some of the lost share in the existing products or was all of the improvement 
driven by new launches? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
No, so Neha, part of the improvement was just the fact that we had the one-
time correction, right, in Q1 so, and we had a normalized quarter in Q2. In our 
in line products, the bulk of the oral solid portfolio, we had a reasonable price 
erosion, not double digit, so definitely price erosion was more measured.  
 
On the respiratory franchise, actually we have seen a good improvement. It's 
become a larger part of our business, so that contributed nicely to revenue 
growth as well as profitability growth. And the new product launches, we had 
3, and Suprep was material, but also Suprep was in the last, the end of the 
quarter in September, so we got a little bit of contribution in Q2, we'll have 
more to come in Q3 and Q4. So, majority of the revenue growth was the 
existing portfolio, both oral solids as well as respiratory. 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
Got it. And last question if I may, we added the 2 brands that we've acquired 
in the current quarter. Given we already have generic, the thought process of 
acquiring these brands? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, so one, it enhances our respiratory portfolio. We have added Xopenex as 
a product in our respiratory offering, which certainly enhances our position in 
the respiratory front. On the Brovana front, we were already a partner, 
authorized generic partner, and we had a percentage, so we obviously have 
synergies there and have the end-to-end P&L on the Brovana front, which is 
attractive to us. So, we will continue to maximize the 2 products and look at 
ways and means of, one, stabilizing the revenues of Xopenex and potentially 
building synergies on both products given our manufacturing capability across 
both MDIs as well as refills. 
 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
This is Saion from Nomura. Vinita, just to carry on Xopenex and Brovana, can 
you share the size that you're looking at for these 2 products? And you 
mentioned about stabilizing sales, so what is the dynamics on Xopenex here? 
And on Brovana, I understand brands still has around 13%, 14% market share, 
so is that what you'd be continuing selling? So, if you can give just some 
indication on the size? And also, the $75 million, how would you sort of 
amortize it? What's the time frame for that? 
. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
I'm just taking that $75 million first, I mean the franchise is accretive in year 
1. So we were very pleased to be able to transact at the level that we closed. 
I can't share product-specific details because as you know Brovana is part of 
our generic portfolio, the authorized generic is part of our generic portfolio. I 
mean, you can look at the IMS dollars of both products as well as the 
authorized generic, so it's substantial from IMS dollars.  
 
But needless to say, the products have been accretive, will be accretive in the 
current fiscal year and provide synergies both in Brovana as well as obviously, 
incremental revenues and profitability of the residual brand. It gives us a 
residual brand revenue line and potential synergies on our cost of goods going 
forward? 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And when you say accretive, you are meaning EPS accretive, and that's why I 
was asking how we amortize the $75 million. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, EPS accretive. 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And you should be amortizing it over what period, the $75 million? 
 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: So, insofar as Brovana is concerned, it's going to be a much lower period. For 
that it's going to be more in terms of what we think is an appropriate period, 
but the accounting rules doesn't provide for anything more than 10 years, so 
it's going to be shorter than that? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
It's much shorter than that too. Yes. 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. And Vinita can you share like which one is a bigger franchise now, 
Xopenex or Brovana. I mean, I know you can't share the exact revenue 
number? And in terms of dynamics, do you expect competition in Xopenex at 
some point or you expect it to be sort of a stable brand? 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, we expect it to be a stable brand. Between the 2 products, they are kind 
of equal, right now in terms of revenue, but Brovana obviously has got 
multiple generic competitors. So, we expect it to come down, while still 
having some residual revenues in the brand. While Xopenex we see as a stable 
opportunity in the foreseeable future just given the scale of the product, the 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
size of the product and the fact that one would have to do a clinical study to 
be able to get a generic version approved and the like. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Prakash Agarwal. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Yes. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Just a quick update on Spiriva, where are we? Last time you said you had 
query on the products, so what is the timeframe, and have we replied and 
when are we expecting? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, Prakash, so we have responded to the queries fully within October, and 
have filed also for priority review, which we are working with the agency. 
We'll know in the next couple of weeks the status of our request, but are 
working closely with the agency to get approval on eligible launch date later 
this fiscal year? 
 
Prakash Agarwal:   
Okay.  And eligible launch date is in Q3 or Q4, it was Q3, right?  
 
Vinita Gupta:  
No, it was the second half, end of second half?  
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. And just was checking, I mean how is the flu season, has it started, 
hearing that it can be a flu season this year, so are we hopeful of the Tamiflu 
we had in the past or that is now much genericized?  
 
Vinita Gupta: 
No, so the first time after a couple of years, we are seeing some impact of the 
flu season, so we've seen an uptick in anti-infectives as well as Tamiflu, a little 
bit in Q2, but we're expecting a strong flu season, if all of the predictions in 
the U.S. I mean, they're talking about a strong flu season, COVID as well as 
RSV, a combination of multiple issues. We're also seeing the flu season impact 
on our purchase orders on the API front, on the cephalosporins. So, both the 
U.S. indicators as well as API forecast suggests that the flu season right now 
seems to be picking up.  
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. Perfect. And lastly, you made the acquisition of these 2 brands. Going 
forward, I mean, it was just opportunistic or that could be a strategy going 
forward and that too specifically in respiratory or it could be any therapy? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, so it wasn't opportunistic, it was actually strategic. We had told our team 
that we want to grow our respiratory franchise with established brands. We 
didn’t have multiple opportunities on new pipeline programs, but didn't want 
to get into dilutive assets. So we had looked at multiple opportunities, and 
really focused on this one to look at what we can do from a synergy 
perspective. Certainly, had synergies on Brovana, but as we looked at 
Xopenex as well, we really liked the product, we liked the product profile. It 
hasn't been promoted in multiple years, so we will evaluate the potential of 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
promoting the product with a small-scale investment, and also look at 
leveraging our manufacturing capability to improve the margin profile of the 
product. Right now, it's contract manufactured, and we'll certainly continue 
the relationships in the next couple of years. But as we look at maximizing 
value from the opportunity, we'll look at also bringing in synergies from a 
manufacturing capability. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. And lastly on the margin outlook, the margin outlook was around 15%, 
16%, correct me if I'm wrong, and this is without the Spiriva opportunity exit 
rate of Q4? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  No. I would say that it really is a function of the kind of products that we bring. 
So if we have Spiriva coming in fourth quarter, it will certainly have its bearing 
on the margin there. So the guidance that I spoke about was essentially based 
again on Spiriva coming in. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. I think it's fair to say that you will see continued improvement on margin 
quarter after quarter. 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: That's true. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
But really to get to that 16% level plus, which we are working towards, we 
need material launches like Spiriva. And we have a good few products coming 
with Spiriva hopefully in Q4, and soon after that products like Darunavir, 
where we have exclusivity, plus Nascobal Nasal Spray a little bit later in Q1 
next year, Diazepam Gel.  
 
So we have a couple of new product approvals that we are chasing, hopefully 
in the next couple of months we'll have a better idea of the launch timelines 
of each. There is a very strong focus on trying to bring them to market at 
present. But as we launch these material products and particular products like 
Spiriva and Darunavir, we expect the margins to improve to that 16% plus 
level. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. And all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal. 
 
Kunal:  
Thank you for taking my question. So I think at some point, we were expecting 
plant inspection related to Spiriva approval, is it still the case or we still don't 
have clarity on that? 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
We actually had record review, plant record review. We have also gone 
through an assessment on PK and PD satisfactorily. So we believe that we 
have given the agency everything that they've asked for. But again, it's their 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
prerogative to come and inspect if they wanted to. We'll find out in the next 
couple of weeks where our priority review request stands, and that will give 
us a good idea, if there will be any plant inspection. 
 
Kunal: 
Do we have any TAD date as of now? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Like I said we just filed for a priority review, and we'll have a TAD date in 
November for the request, in the next couple of weeks. 
 
Kunal: 
So you will get TAD date in November, you have TAD? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. 
 
Kunal: 
Okay. And the second question on the acquisition, I think our press release 
mentioned that we'll also have whatever infrastructure is required for this 
product. Does it include any kind of manufacturing line or something? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
No, it's just an asset acquisition. No manufacturing, we have the 
manufacturing capability. 
 
Kunal: 
So currently it is manufactured by someone else, you would bring it to our 
own plant, is it? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Over time, some Brovana sooner than Xopenex, but we have opportunity, the 
potential to bring it back in-house. 
 
Kunal: 
Okay. And let's say, one last question on the cost initiative, I think we were 
very sure that there will be INR 20 crores savings in the employee cost line 
item in quarter 2. So what has changed? Why it has not materialized, or it has 
materialized and there is some cost inflation that is coming in the quarter 2? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: It has certainly very well materialized. There is, of course, our savings there. 
But there has been a shift between lines. It shifted from impact on parallel 
lines for certain incentives etcetera to the salesman, which is coming to the 
sales figure, to the salaries, employee figure. 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
Employee figure so for India. 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Yes, in India. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
So there have been savings on the workforce planning that we did in the last 
quarter, but offset by additional 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Shift in lines. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. 
 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Kunal:  
Okay. And if I may ask just a last one, in terms of the FT, failure to supply 
penalty, what would be that number for this quarter? 
 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
It was marginal actually. It's come down significantly. Actually, there was a 
good amount of savings both in failure to supply penalties as well as freight 
cost as Ramesh mentioned as well. 
 
Kunal: 
Okay. So, last quarter it was $4 million and this quarter is almost 0? 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
It's under $2 million. 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Yes, it's marginal actually. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vinay. 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Am I audible? Hello? 
 
Moderator:  
Yes. 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Congrats on a great improvement and thanks for taking my question. Vinita, 
just a couple of clarifications, for Darunavir, did you say Q1 FY '24? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
That's right. 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. Just a couple of other product queries, any update on Dulera filing? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, Dulera we had a CRL that we responded to the agency very recently. 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. So, do you expect to hear anything in the next 6 or 12 months? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, we expect in the next couple of months to find out if the agency is 
satisfied with our response or we need to do more work on the product. 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. And so, where does this product generally move, in which you will have 
a final approval, any timelines for the launch? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
I don't know exactly when the launch stage is for that product. The near-term 
products as I mentioned are Spiriva, Darunavir, Diazepam and Nascobal, 
where we have exclusivity as well. But beyond that, products like Varenicline, 
will be material next year as well. And then injectable products, based on our 
inspection of our biotech plant, we would expect pegfilgrastim approval 
based on the inspection of our Nagpur facility recently. We expect products 
like glucagon to be approved and the like. 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. Great. My final question to Ramesh, the tax rate is running 
around 31% to 34%, which is much higher than the corporate tax rates in 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
India. So how do you see this panning out over the next couple of years, and 
do you have a plan in place to bring it down? 
 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Yes, so, whilst, if you look at, in fact, standalone results, the absolute numbers 
in India and the percentage would be lower. It's only the presence of in fact 
some loss making subsidiaries in various parts that is actually causing this 
number to deteriorate. And the first quarter, of course, there was this 
anomaly, because of lower sales in America caused because of the stock 
situation being what a buzz.  
 
But we are very much conscious of this and for the full year actually you would 
see it going down for the year end, and the fourth quarter, for example, it 
could be very much in line with normal rates. In the next 2 to 3 years, we 
expect the tax rates to come down for sure, for sure in India, but we also 
expect profitability to come back to in a lot of other regions, so that could 
potentially bring down the overall effective tax rate for the company. 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Thank you very much and best of luck. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Damayanti. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Thanks. Ramesh, you have been mentioning about some cost initiative, 
results of which will be hopefully visible in the coming quarters. Can you a bit 
elaborate like which are the areas where we are expecting significant cost 
benefits to come in, where you have been working for say the last few 
quarters? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: We have been working on a number of initiatives, and as I've said a few 
minutes ago, we have been working on actually on the direct cost also in 
terms of alternate vendor development, in terms of routes to synthesis. Apart 
from that, we have been working on optimizing the workforce at the factory 
level, addressing the footprint to reducing the overall idle time. We're looking 
at the footprint rationalization also.  
 
Apart from that optimization of the workforce at the R&D level, and a host of 
other measures to ramp up the productivity of the sales force and the like. 
And apart from that, there is, of course, freight, in terms of the mode of 
transportation to America. The FTS issues that we were facing in the past, 
then, of course, the stock returns. So how do we actually make sure that the 
returns were also kind of brought down, the quantum of returns in America 
itself.  
 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
So, all of this is actually moving in the right direction. There has been 
tremendous progress in this, and over the next in a year, you would see all of 
this certainly contribute to the EBITDA margin improvement that I'm speaking 
about. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, say like Spiriva comes by end of this fiscal, and all these initiatives start 
yielding results. You're hopeful that by next year, your margin should be 
definitely better than 16% or so, maybe like moving to high teens? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Yes, that's absolutely true. 
 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And just a question on the marketing team in the U.S. So right now you 
do not have any team for promotion, right? And if required, you might build 
a small team for the acquisition, which you did recently? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, at present, we haven't planned to build a team to promote the products. 
They haven't been promoted for couple of years. So we expect to continue to 
deliver the revenues that we have planned without an investment, but we will 
assess if it makes sense to invest into sales promotion. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. So, after Solosec team disintegration, right now you do not have any 
specialty team in the U.S. right, if my understanding is correct? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We don't have a specialty sales force. We promote Solosec through a partner, 
through Exeltis, and likewise have the option of promoting also Xopenex 
through a partner if we wanted to. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Good to hear that. My second question is on respiratory franchise. So 
obviously you have done very well in the Albuterol franchise. Can you talk a 
bit about your progress in Fostair, like what has been pick up on the European 
market, if you can quantify any number there in terms of sales or how you 
have moved in? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. So, it has ramped up. It's still, compared to the Albuterol contribution, it 
is relatively speaking very small given that the U.K. market itself is a fraction 
of the overall Fostair market, but our market share has ramped up to double-
digit at this point and continues to ramp up week-after-week. We expect to 
launch the product into other markets in the last quarter of the fiscal year 
based on our launch date agreement. So we would expect to expand our 
position with Fostair beyond U.K. into other markets in the quarters to come, 
that will also help us really access larger part of the market. But the product 
continues to be a very good contributor to the U.K. market, the U.K. business 
grew significantly on a small base, but primarily on the back of Fostair. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And my last question is, how do you see R&D moving from here on? 
And what are your priority segments? 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Yes, the R&D number is pretty stable, and we expect it to continue more or 
less at this level. Obviously, the high investment areas are areas like 
inhalation, injectables, then some biosimilars, and obviously a steady 
portfolio of the oral solids, ophthalmic kind of products as well. Over the 
period of the last few years, we've obviously changed from focusing primarily 
on oral solids to these differentiated dosage forms and our intention would 
be to continue that. I think the budget is pretty well set as you've seen, I think 
last couple of years we basically stayed at this kind of number, including the 
number that we reported this quarter as well. We feel that this is a really good 
number for us to be able to work with. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Thanks, that’s helpful. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sameer. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Hi, Good evening everyone. Ramesh, if I'm not wrong, I thought the exit 
EBITDA margin for fiscal '23 you had earlier guided to 18%. I think they are 
very different numbers being spoken off in this call. 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: If there's going to be a function of larger products, Sameer, so it could be 
anywhere between 16% to 18% range, at the lowest, it could be 16%, at the 
highest level, it could be 18%, which would be the exit run rate in the fourth 
quarter. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, this is fine. And this follow-up to that is, what's the expectation for fiscal 
'24, both on the top line growth, excluding Spiriva and margins, including 
everything, if you can just help with that? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: So as I said, Spiriva, is certainly going to be a very important addition to our 
overall portfolio. So, the overall evolution on the margin plant would certainly 
be dependent on that. Whilst we make progress on various initiatives that we 
just spoke about, getting the top line moving is going to be extremely 
important. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Ramesh, the question is excluding Spiriva, what could be the top line growth 
for fiscal '24? I mean is it going to be mid-teens or any guidance on that? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: It would be difficult to kind of estimate at this stage because there are several 
moving parts in America, including, in fact, the OSD business being what it is 
and so on. I would say that there is secular growth across various other 
geographies. But the 1 factor, which is very difficult to kind of estimate is 
indeed America. We have seen in the recent past at least that there has been 
a lot of surprises coming in. So, Spiriva is going to be a very important factor, 
whilst we are, of course, working on rationalizing our overall portfolio itself, 
make sure that there is optimization on the cost associated with the running 
our American business. 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
And just on Suprep, Vinita, if my number is correct, I mean, is it a $30 million, 
$35 million kind of opportunity over a 6-month period? And after that, then 
it gets very competitive? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. So, I'm going to stay away from a product-specific guidance, but it is a 
nice size product. And right now, it looks like we share the market, of course, 
with the brand. They preemptively launched an authorized generic. But we've 
got close to 50% share from customers that we have locked down with the 
product, the market share that we have got from a customer's perspective. 
We also think that the exclusivity might be a little bit longer based on what 
we have learned from a supply perspective, we believe that some of our 
competitors might be delayed, and we might have the product the runway a 
little bit longer than 6 months. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
And one final question with your permission, given that Spiriva is so 
important, anything on the supply chain, different components, anything that 
you think can make a difference? Or are you thinking it's more or less 
streamlined? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
No, we have been working pretty much for the last couple of months ensuring 
that we have adequate supply of everything that we need, whether it's the 
capsules and the devices and all of it to ensure an effective launch. So, we 
are well into launch mode from a supply perspective. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, Great. Good luck. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal. 
 
Kunal: 
Hi, Good evening. Vinita, just one clarification on the Tarapur API warning 
letter. I think the warning letter states that you're suspending production of 
drugs for the U.S. market. But I think you mentioned on the media that I think 
the supplies are continuing. So, just a little bit of a confusion here. If you can 
just clarify that? 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
Yes, I'll let Nilesh take that question. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Yes. So, we've clarified to the FDA. Basically, there is a misunderstanding basis 
what we had shared with FDA. There were certain products that we had 
suspended in the past. And the misunderstanding was that we are suspending 
supplies from the plant altogether. So, we've clarified and we have FDA's 
acknowledgment on the clarification as well. We obviously continue supplying 
multiple products, many products. Tarapur is pretty important in the U.S. 
scheme of things. And we also don't anticipate any disruption of supply from 
that facility. 
 
Kunal: 
So, of your outstanding filings, how dependent would you be on Tarapur? 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Nothing really. There's no meaningful pending approval from Tarapur. 
 
Kunal: 
Okay, got it. And second question is on again Spiriva, now I think the Spiriva 
prescriptions, I believe, have been falling over the years. And after the 
introduction of Respimat I think they have gone down even further because I 
think Respimat has taken 50% or so of the market. So, just wondering what's 
the covered market that you are actually targeting? Would it be around $500 
million and maybe you're aspiring for 20%, 22% kind of market share? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
No. So, I think you can take a look at the IMS revenues and we target the 
entire market when we look at the brand pricing and what price we launch at. 
When you look at the net sales after the rebates for a brand that's more 
relevant for the brand than it is for generic. So I mean, the IMS revenues are 
still $1 billion or close to $1 billion product, it's a material product where we 
expect to be a sole generic with maybe an authorized generic in the near term 
future. We'll see what happens when the product goes generic. We have seen 
in cases like this where brand has shifted the franchise to a new dosage form 
that sometimes a lower-priced product is able to take some of the share back. 
So, we'll wait to see that. But it continues to be a sizable opportunity for us in 
the next couple of years. 
 
Kunal: 
And if I can squeeze in just 1 more. On the biosimilar front, I think you have a 
couple of products in the U.S. market, pegfilgrastim and ranibizumab, which 
is still under, I think, clinical trials. I mean the market might be set up by the 
time you enter, just wondering how we should sort of look at these 
opportunities? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. So, ranibizumab is, of course, in development and pegfilgrastim, the PFS 
is what we were expected for by the FDA in the last couple of weeks. So, we're 
actively looking at ways and means of leveraging that product once we get 
approved in the marketplace, whether it is through institutional sales force or 
through a partner, we have both options, and we are actively looking at both 
opportunities based on, again, the investment in commercial infrastructure 
versus the upside. 
 
Kunal: 
And you still think it could be meaningful opportunity for you because the 
price erosion has been very steep in biosimilars in products like pegfilgrastim 
in the U.S? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, so we're tracking the pricing very closely. Obviously, both on 
pegfilgrastim and ranibizumab as well as other products. And as the market 
uptake has improved, competitive intensity has increased. We have certainly 
seen significant price erosion. That's why we are weighing options. Like I said, 
we have options of both partnering or leveraging our institutional 
infrastructure that we will have in place for injectables to be able to gain 
market share with the products. I mean it's a different situation that 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
pegfilgrastim and ranibizumab, ranibizumab is a few years away, 
pegfilgrastim is in the next 6 to 12 months. So also, we will weigh the launch 
of the next product after pegfilgrastim to determine what makes sense for us. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Surya. 
 
Surya Patra: 
First question is on the R&D spend. So, you had indicated about hiving of your 
NCE research and hence, to some extent in using our R&D spend on the basic 
research front. Any update on that? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Yes. So, we've been trying, of course. So in essence, we've been looking at 
multiple options there. I think the first option was to spin out oncology 
altogether, transition the entire engine into an engine that produces oncology 
assets. It's obviously been a tough financial market at this point in time. And 
so we decided to focus primarily on the development assets that we have. We 
have 5 development assets pretty much all in the oncology space. Those are 
the ones that we're taking ahead. And in the meanwhile, we've scaled down 
the NCE team. So, we've reduced the burn very significantly. And the primary 
burn going forward will be the investment into the clinical development of 
these 5 assets. 
 
Surya Patra: 
But that will not have any meaningful spike in the overall R&D spend then? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
No. So, we see a reduction right now, first of all, because the last quarter, it 
was actually there in the numbers. So in Q3, Q4, we will see a reduction in the 
R&D line on count of that small, but it will happen. We don't see a material 
increase. So, I don't think we were going to get into a deep global clinical 
development on these yet. So, in any case, these are really Phase I assets. So, 
they will go through that process, they'll go through certain clinical trials 
before meaningful investment will come up. 
 
Surya Patra: 
And secondly on the diagnostic investment, so we have not spoken much 
about this diagnostic foray. But we have already created a kind of price raise 
in that business space. So could you share that, what is the kind of cost that 
we are currently incurring on that side? And to what extent margins are 
suppressed because of that?  
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Yes. So, the business is small right now, and that's the reason why we've not 
been talking about it. We said we'll let it go to critical mass before we really 
talk about it. The investment is also not heavy and it's already fully baked into 
the numbers. We don't see really an increase in the burn that will happen 
than what is already captured in the numbers. We'll really let the business 
grow for the next 1, 1.5 year before we talk about it. It is performing well 
ahead of our expectations, well ahead of their own business plan as well. But 
I think we need to let it grow for some more time before we really start talking 
about it. 
 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
Surya Patra: 
Sure. Just 1 more question on the, let's say, the India business, which has been 
kind of, let's say, sub-par in terms of growth. That is one. And the other 
emerging market and ROW market in the Europe and all those are kind of 
doing relatively better in terms of growth. So on this market, how do you see 
that, okay, when you are expecting there is a profitable progress for your 
company as a whole, the role of these market and your aspirations in these 
markets and your strategy. So, in what manner these markets are going to 
contribute to your profit and progress of Lupin? 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
So, I think we talked a little bit about it. But when you look at other emerging 
markets, it's roughly 11% of our revenues. You look at the other developed 
markets, roughly 10% of our revenues, both growing extremely well. The 
emerging markets, whether it's Latin America, South Africa, Philippines, grew 
double-digit and it's a profitable business at an EBITDA margin well above the 
company average, and we continue to drive growth in the emerging markets, 
look at opportunities opportunistically again, look at what we can help grow 
them faster.  
 
But are looking to find ways and means of growing their emerging markets, 
other emerging markets of the entire pie. Likewise, the developed markets 
are roughly 10% of our revenues, and that's Canada, Australia and Europe. 
Out of which Australia is the largest now. I mean done extremely well. I think 
that region probably was the fastest growth part of our business in this first 
quarter.  
 
And one, because we had the integration of Southern Cross in Australia. Two, 
we had products like Fostair growing the U.K. business and the like. And our 
Canadian German business also performed pretty well. I mean, the developed 
markets, I think, really have really good growth drivers that have a synergy 
with our U.S. market.  
 
So, when you look at the inhalation pipeline, when you look at the complex 
injectables pipeline, when you look at our biosimilars pipeline, there's 
significant potential in all developed markets. So, our inhalation plans are 
global, especially for the developed markets, it's material opportunity. 
Likewise, the injectables and biosimilars. So, we expect the other developed 
markets to grow very nicely in the years to come as we evolve our pipeline 
and bring these complex platforms effectively to market. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
And if I can just add on India, that's obviously our largest market at this point 
of time. And we're very aggressive about our growth prospects in India. We're 
substantially adding to the sales force. At this point of time, we are obviously 
launching multiple new products and new divisions as well. So, that double 
down on India will continue. Yes. Surya, you might be on mute. 
 
Surya Patra: 
On Enbrel, if you can tell us whether it has reached some size of $10-odd 
million kind of size or isn't that. Some sense on that would be useful. 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Well beyond the $10 million plus size at this point. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Tushar. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just on Xopenex, if you could just help understand the kind of market share 
this would be having in levalbuterol as a molecule? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
It's 100% of the levalbuterol market. Xopenex is levalbuterol. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Secondly, on the Spiriva, like any particular reason that after addressing the 
queries there is to be again refiled as a priority product, refiling. I presume 
this would have already done earlier and that would have what triggered 
inspections and the other regulatory actions by the U.S? 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
Yes, whenever you file a response to a CRL you'll to get priority review, you 
have to file for priority review. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
I thought it would have been more from the U.S. FDA side to determine 
whether the product would be taken on the priority basis or not, so that's a 
question. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
No. I mean, you have to file with a request and then they'll respond. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vivek. 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
My question is on Darunavir. Can you play share some light on the product 
because there are multiple forms, tablets, suspension, et cetera. So, what 
exactly we'll be launching? And will you be having sole exclusivity on this 
product? Or is it going to be shared with some others also? 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
Yes. So it's a material product. It's a tablet dosage form that we will be 
launching. And we have exclusivity. I believe you have assumed that there'll 
be an authorized generic in the marketplace. But needless to say, it's a 
material opportunity. 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Would you like to highlight what is the addressable market size? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
I think it's around $300 million, if I'm not mistaken. 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Second question is on the respiratory pipeline as well as some of the complex 
injectable products. Can you talk a bit more there? Are these products in 
terms of planning, how long for example, these products are away from filing 
etcetera? 
 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. So, we have multiple products in the pipeline on the respiratory front, on 
the MDIs, DPI and soft-mist inhaler. At the forefront will be products like the 
DPIs, Ellipta franchise and the soft-mist inhaler, the Respimat franchise. And 
we are in different stages of development, in some case, pilot PK studies and 
in other cases, earlier stage.  
 
But I would expect that we will start filing the DPI and SMI products in the 
next, I think you'd see 1 filing in the next year and then a couple more the 
year after. We also have a few MDI products that we are pursuing. And you 
will see those also will be filed in the next couple of years. So, I'd say a number 
of these, we have 9 or 10 products in the pipeline that are all in active 
development to be filed in the next 2 to 3 years. 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
And on some of depot products that you were developing, how far these 
products in terms of filing? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. So we made significant progress actually on the depot front with the first 
one Risperdal Consta out of our Netherlands platform facility. We have got a 
positive endpoint study, PD study that we completed successfully earlier this 
year in the last couple of months and are expecting to file that this year, end 
of this fiscal year. 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Last question, if I can squeeze. So, India this year has been impacted because 
significant competition in some of the products, especially in diabetes, how 
we see the growth next year? It is possible to grow in double digit. Any color 
would be helpful. 
 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Yes, we should be back to the double-digit growth next year. So, I think 
diabetes will still continue to be suppressed even next year, but on the back 
of growth on the other chronic areas like respiratory, on the cardiac segment 
itself, even other segments like GI and the like, we certainly would get back 
to double-digit growth. 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Krishnendu. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Krishnendu, I think you are in mute. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Hello, can you hear me? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Yes. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Hello? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Go ahead. 
 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Do you hear me? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Yes. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Hello, can you hear me? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Maybe we go on to the next one. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Bharat. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So sir, just wanted to understand, partly on the 
cost containment measures, in last quarter, we outlined that we are going to 
save around INR 500 crores to INR 700 crores in the ensuing years. However, 
whatever we have detailed out in terms of the things which we are working 
out to contain the cost, doesn't seem to add up to save around INR 500 crores, 
INR 700 crores. So, what is the exact reason? Because just changing the 
vendor or something will not lead to a INR 500 crores of savings. So, what 
exactly we are doing to do that, achieve that number? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: The savings are across various buckets. So, there is a portion which is actually 
going into the gross margins also because of the various initiatives that we 
have taken. So, whilst we actually started outlining in fact, our other cost 
measures below that line and we spoke about several things, including idle 
time, work-force planning, we spoke about trade, we spoke about stock 
returns, FTS and the like. Action on all of those have actually been going 
through that over the last several months, so to speak. Some of these have 
actually started flowing into the various lines, and there will be more to come 
in the days to come as well for sure.  
 
And there have been some offsets. Essentially, as I was saying, whilst the 
workforce planning, for example, there has been a reduction on the salaries, 
on the manpower cost. There has been shifts from potentially from some 
other lines, that doesn't actually kind of reveal what kind of savings that we 
have been able to bring about. But I'm sure that the overall target is very 
much within our reach, and we believe that it will come out when all of this 
will actually pave the way for potentially the optimization that we spoke 
about. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
So, in your assessment, how much we have already achieved and by when we 
can achieve this exit INR 500 crore to INR 700 crores? Whether it is something 
which will be achieved towards the end of next year or how it is? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: So, we went about wanting to achieve close to about INR 750 odd crores. And 
by the end of this fiscal, we think close to about INR 400 odd crores would be 
achieved. 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
But Ramesh, I think the point that you're making is that there are inflationary 
price increases, there are sale price reductions that happened. Obviously, 
some of the delivery that's happening right now on the numbers is happening 
because of that optimization, but a good part of that gets eaten away by 
inflationary measures as well. 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: On the gross margin front for sure and other parts as well. Yes. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Nilesh, last quarter, actually, you mentioned that we'll be clocking double-
digit margin irrespective of the new launches. So, how do you see that 
comment paving out for us? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Yes, unfortunately, didn't work out that way, right? So we very clearly thought 
that we'll get that bounce back in both the cardiac space and the diabetes 
space. Cardiac has improved a little bit. I think pretty much back to 10-odd 
percent. Diabetes continues basically at 2 percentage points growth for us. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
I'm sorry, actually I was referring from the margin perspective. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
I'm sorry. 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
Double digit margin. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
I think we've said this many times over, right? I think for getting back to 
double-digit margin, we are, first of all, already there. We're going to have a 
sequential increase in the quarters on the margin as well. To get back to 
that 18%, 20%, certainly, we see that happening next year, but we see it on 
the back of the new launches, and we at least see 3 interesting products that 
we will be launching in the U.S. in the next year. So obviously, next year, we 
get back to that 18%, 20% kind of number. We're hoping that it happens in 
Q1. But if not in Q1, I think likely, at this point of time, Q2 onwards, we should 
be at significantly higher margin numbers. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
So, I just wanted to understand, without new launches, can we go back to 
margins like 12% or 13-odd percent or it will be all delivered by the new 
launches. So, I just wanted to understand. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
So, I think when we talk about sequential improvement in Q3, Q4, we'll get to 
those kind of numbers without the new launches. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
That’s it. And on the part of India expansion, so what sort of sales force 
expansion, which we are doing? So, how many sales force we have and how 
many we are adding? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
So we have about 6,000 representatives right now, about 7,200 people in all. 
And this year, we will add another 850 representatives by the end of the fiscal. 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
And what sort of cost escalation that will lead to overall? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
I think it's baked into the numbers that we have planned. I don't have the 
number off-hand because basically, it's really getting those people ready for 
the next fiscal. In the last 2 years, we've obviously not added much to the 
representatives. In the top 10 companies we're possibly the second smallest 
in terms of sales force size. So, I think there's significant room for expansion 
that we see. So, there will be at least 4 more divisions that we'll be launching 
with this new sales force addition. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
So, it's fair to say that we will continue to improve our margins in the next 2 
quarters despite this investment and we believe this investment is material 
for us to get the India business back to the double-digit growth. 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
And before I move back to the queue, I just wanted to clarify one thing. When 
we said that we are going to get back to 12%, 13% margin in the third quarter 
and fourth quarter, here we are including Suprep, right? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, we are. Okay. I think we're on time. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
I think we're out of time. Maybe one last question. 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. The last question is from Krishnendu. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Can you hear me? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, we can. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Just a couple of understanding. The flu season is on in the U.S., it's better than 
the average for the last whatever historic. Just trying to if you can give us a 
flavor as to how it would look like in the past, some on the historic basis, how 
much it could add in the coming, say, year or so? And how long does it last? 
That is one.  
 
Number two, I believe 20% to 25% of our Indian revenue is on in-licensing 
basis. So, how much of it would come for repricing or rebidding like we lost 
Cidmus to Dr. Reddy, if you can let me know that? And Dulera inhaler, which 
you said is '24, just to clarify how big is the market? Those are 3 questions. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. So, the first question on the flu season, it's hard to predict given that 3 
years we've had no flu season. But it's fair to say that we have started to see 
some pickup, both in the U.S. as well as what we're hearing from our team on 
the API side. They're seeing the Cephalosporin business pick up. It's hard to 
really put a scale and around it. But it's fair to say that we should be able to 
do better than the past couple of years. And this season will really establish 
what it looks like going forward. Usually, the flu season lasts from October 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
onwards till April- May. So, it varies from season to season. So, we'll see where 
we end up. But we are looking forward to a strong flu season and serving 
patients in a strong flu season. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Is that number baked in when we speak about margins or the top line in the 
U.S? Is that a number we take into account or we just as usual, we take in the 
last 2 years' figures? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, we have. Albuterol, Cidmus and the in-license product. 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: You said 25%. It's not true. It's actually 16% at this stage. You will see this 
progressively coming down too much lower numbers because there is going 
to be loss of exclusivity coming up over the next couple of years also. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
So, the 4 divisions which we launch and 2 more would take care of the falls, 
which would happen in the coming years? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: Yes. And also we expect, in fact, the growth from our newer product that we 
are speaking about as well as the in-line portfolio to kind of take care of that. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
And if you could, sorry, the third question was 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
It was on Dulera, the market size, $200 million or thereabouts. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
So, if I can just line of reduction, like it will be like Spiriva, Dulera and the HIV 
drug, which is going to get launched. When does that go to get launched? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Well, we talked about Spiriva and Darunavir. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Darunavir, the product is launched. Sorry, I didn't get that, part, so I'm 
repeating the question. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, it's going to be Q1 of next fiscal is when we expect Darunavir to launch, 
we've already got approval, and we are first to file on the tablet dosage form. 
So, I expect to launch it in time. We are getting launch ready for that product 
as well. And then we have Diazepam Gel, which is a smaller product, but 
again, a significant amount of complexity. So, we expect that to be a nice 
launch for us in the next 3 to 6 months. And then we have Nascobal, where 
we are first to file out of Somerset that we hope to launch in either the first 
or the second quarter of next fiscal year. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
And so Somerset is still on with us. So, we will keep the plant running and we'll 
keep it working just the way it was in the past? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Actually, it is a very efficient plant now. I mean we had a lot of failure to supply 
out of there as well because of the compliance issues. Now that the 
compliance issues are behind us, the team there has done a great job in 

 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
getting the service levels up to the 98% plus, the same as India. That is what 
has really got our FTS, failure to supply penalties down significantly that we 
talked about in the last hour. And so the efficiency from the plant has gone 
up significantly and the new product launches will just add to what the plant 
can contribute to the business. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
I'll just ask 1 last question. On Tarapur, the API plant, it doesn't have anything 
to do with the growth in the Goa plant? When do we see that coming 
through? How do we tie those things up? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: So, they're unconnected. So, Goa, we'd already cleared the 483 and warning 
letter issues, right? In Tarapur, it's an API plant with no meaningful pending 
approvals. And like we've already clarified, the continuity, supply continuity 
remains as is. 
 
Krishnendu Saha: 
So, Goa plant is not very much dependent on. 
 
Vinita D. Gupta: 
Okay. So with that, we will wrap it up. I hope you have got answers to all your 
questions. As you can see, we are committed to deliver continuous 
improvement on our business as we execute on our strategic plan. This 
quarter certainly was a turnaround for us and we will continue to build upon 
this, build on the momentum in the next 2 quarters.  
 
There were a number of questions around cost improvement measures. Some 
we have got significant benefit and will continue to do so in the quarters to 
come. And some of it will show in the margin improvement. Some will go to 
offset the inflationary pressures that we see. But needless to say, as we get 
into a period of getting approvals for some of our bigger products like Spiriva 
and Darunavir and the like, we expect to get to a very strong double-digit 
margin, 16%, 18% plus in the next fiscal year.  
 
So, we look forward to connecting with you again and look forward to sharing 
updates on our business in the next couple of months. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
 
