ELDECO 
Date: 16.11.2022 
Department of Corporate Services 
The Manager, Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, C - 1, 
Dalal Street, 
Block G, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400051 
BSE Scrip Code-523329 
NSE Symbol- ELDEHSG 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, November 10, 2022 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is with reference to the intimation dated November 3, 2022 made by the Company about the 
Earnings Conference Call scheduled for Thursday, November 10, 2022 at 01.00 p.m. IST. A copy of 
Transcript of the conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith. 
The 
aforesaid 
Transcript 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
www.eldecogroup.com 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
Chandni Vij 
Company Secretary 
Mem. No. 
: A46897 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Ltd. 
  
Regd. & Corp. Off. 
: Eldeco Corporate Chamber-1, 2nd Floor, Vibhuti Khand (Opp. Mandi Parishad), Gomti Nagar, Lucknow-226010 
Tel.: 0522-4039999, Fax: 0522-4039900 E-mail: eldeco@eldecohousing.co.in Website: www.eldecogroup.com 
CIN 
: L45202UP1985PLC099376
CHAND
NI VIJ
Digitally signed by CHANDNI VIJ 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=5342, 
pseudonym=6654bf6b4fcd7874018c37a0f
5d6fc1a56df5eda378472c78c0aac8344c21
1b6, postalCode=226016, st=Uttar 
Pradesh, 
serialNumber=74f0f260c4860dd16088d4c
1b5f8fea53325d3e968e31189a9c9e1c63a
b7bc32, cn=CHANDNI VIJ 
Date: 2022.11.16 15:42:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited Q2 & H1 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PANKAJ BAJAJ – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. MANISH JAISWAL – GROUP COO 
 
MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – GROUP VICE PRESIDENT (ACCOUNTS & TAXATION) 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
and then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bhatt from E&Y. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir. 
Abhishek Bhatt: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. Before we 
proceed to the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking 
statements that may involve known or unknown risk, uncertainties, and other factors. It must be 
viewed in conjunction with our business risk that could cause future results, performance, or 
achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed and implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Please note the results and presentation are available on the exchanges and on the 
company’s website. Should you need any assistance to receive them you can write to us, and we 
will be happy to send them over.  
Today, we have on the call the top management of Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited with 
us to walk you through the result and answer all your question which is represented by Mr. 
Pankaj Bajaj – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Manish Jaiswal – Group COO and Mr. 
Sanjay Agarwal – Group Vice President (Accounts & Taxation). We will begin with the 
highlights of the quarter followed by a Q&A. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Pankaj Bajaj. Over to you, Sir. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Thank you Abhishek. Good afternoon everyone. I welcome all the participants to Eldeco 
Housing and Industries Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Call. 
Let me begin with my brief comments on the real estate market after which I will touch upon 
the operational and financial performance for the quarter. 
The residential real estate demand in Lucknow continues to remain strong although there is now 
a concern about macroeconomic and global factors like a rise in rates of interest and inflation. 
We feel that at some point this would start having an effect on the pocket of the consumer and 
consequently the demand. However, we continue to be in a supply-starved environment as far 
as quality real estate is concerned especially in Lucknow.  
Moreover, since the beginning of the pandemic there has been a noticeable trend where 
consumers are prepared to spend more for branded players. So, I think that if at all there is a 
slowdown in the hot real estate market it may not affect us much. 
One, the overall supply is constrained. 
Two, there is a consolidation in the market which benefits us. 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
For the next few quarters, I believe that supply rather than demand will be a primary hurdle to 
growth. To address this issue, we have turned our attention to business development. As a result, 
three land parcels have reached the term sheet stage in Lucknow during the quarter.  
Two are our primary land aggregation in Lucknow and one is the prime group housing parcel. 
Primary land aggregation is time-consuming, but high-profit margin model as we have seen in 
the past. We hope to be able to bring these projects to the markets next year. Should this project 
go beyond the term sheet stage, we plan to partner with high-quality debts and/or equity funds 
at the project level. We shall share more details once we go beyond the term sheet stage. 
Operationally during the quarter, we successfully hand it over 1.13 lakh square feet with the 
registration of 84 homes. The collections continue to remain strong during the quarter and stood 
at Rs. 48.3 crores. We are also planning to launch two projects, Imperia Phase-2 and one group 
housing project in Eldeco city by the end of the current financial year. Currently, we are awaiting 
the approvals for both projects. 
Additionally, we are proposing to increase our beneficial share in the Bareilly project to around 
50% from the current 40%.  
I am happy to report that all our current projects are progressing well in terms of execution, 
sales, and collection and we are confident of completing all of them within or before the RERA 
timelines. 
I would now like to move on to our recent financial performance: 
The revenue from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 32.9 crores compared to Rs. 40.1 crores 
in Q2 FY22. The revenue from operations for H1 FY23 stood at 60.5 crores compared to 55.2 
crores in H1 FY22. The EBITDA was Rs. 9.6 crores of Q2 of FY23 and Rs. 20.9 crores for H1 
FY23. EBITDA margin stood at 29.1% for Q2 FY23 and 34.5% for H1 FY23. The rise in 
construction cost and inflation kept the margin under some pressure during the quarter. The 
company’s profit after tax stood at Rs. 8.9 crores for Q2 FY23 and 19 crores for the half year 
FY23 respectively. 
So, with this I would like to open the floor for questions. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Abhimanyu Kasliwal from Choice India 
Limited.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
My question actually was regarding our target market which is Lucknow and now Bareilly. Now, 
I am sure you sympathize when I say that this is an area property landscape that is not very 
familiar to most analyst, so I had requested as management when I met them a few weeks ago 
request again could the companies share in the independent study about the Lucknow and 
Bareilly and UP real estate market so that we can have a better understanding of the superb 
growth prospects that would be one. It is more of a question requires the question is that do we 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
have plan to enter other cities besides Lucknow and now Bareilly again the independent study 
would help us understand the UP real estate market better and last question sir is that the projects 
that we have launched or we are launching in the next two quarters and we are awaiting 
approvals, have the cash flows for them those two project started or no cash flows have been 
received because you are waiting approvals, but once we get the approvals we can start expecting 
good amount of cash flows and if so could you give a rough idea as to what kind of cash flows 
can we expect the three questions if you want I could repeat? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, I will answer them in reverse order so the new projects Imperia Phase-2 and a Group Housing 
project in Eldeco city which we have two in Eldeco city we applied for approvals for both. So, 
whichever one we get approval first we will launch that. So, we do not know which one we are 
going to launch first. For these two projects, the cash flows cannot start till you get all the 
approvals. Once you get all the procedures you have to get a RERA registration only then can 
you get advances from customers and you can launch the products I think that answer it is a 
general question cash flow does not start till you have all approvals and you have a RERA 
registration. So, it is a sequential process we have to go through it we are awaiting approvals 
then we will go for RERA registration. It is a race against time we want to be launching within 
this financial year the site is ready the plans are ready we are just waiting.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
What kind of cash flow are we expecting sir 100 crores, 50 crores what are we targeting from 
these? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
We should be getting 450 crores of top line from these two projects over the next three years.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Second question our plan to enter new city? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I will answer the first question first about independent study; these are proprietary studies which 
are there from IPC some of them have made. So, we have access to some of these, but 
unfortunately, IPR norms doesn’t allow us to share them freely because these studies are not 
being commissioned by us. Some of them are in the public domain we see we can forward some 
of those, but the second point is related to the first one. These studies and our own entrenched 
knowledge of the market that Lucknow is a huge market and there was a study by I think 
PropEquity or one of these people which ranked it amongst the top Tier-2 markets of the country. 
So, we do not even have a 20% market share in that market as of now. We are seeing that with 
the consolidation happening in the market. Traditionally, real estate developers have had a low 
single-digit margin in the respective market, but with this consolidation trend I think in this trend 
the leaders are going to have a double-digit margin. So, we have a clear runway which we do 
not want to get divest by right now and we want to grow begin Lucknow that is why we are tied 
up with new land parcels. Having said that and if find that and I have said that in many calls if 
we find that we are not doing justice by just being a tenant in Lucknow and our growth are 
getting hampered by just being in Lucknow then we will definitely expand to other cities in UP 
as well which is what we did with Bareilly because land acquisition in Lucknow is difficult so 
we did Bareilly as an interim thing. It was not a strategic stepping out of Lucknow because 
Lucknow we feel we are not done justice to. So, a lot depends on the next two, three quarters 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
there are these two new projects and three land parcels that I have mentioned in my opening 
remarks. If all these projects come online I do not think we will have the bandwidth to step out 
of Lucknow at the moment, but if do not come out then definitely we consider the same.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Sir quick request Anarockhad issued a study and that was very helpful I mean for each term, so 
something on those lines could be done for Lucknow and Bareilly that would easily be helpful 
for the investor community? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
We will try to get something done and we will see if we can follow.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Priyank Gupta from Guardian Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Priyank Gupta: 
My question is regarding the bookings which we have in the current quarter if you can possibly 
throw some light it appears that the realization has improved from the last quarter? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I do not completely understand the question, but about booking the trend that I thought that our 
bookings are quite low in this quarter and I do not know if you ask that, so we have fresh 
bookings of about Rs. 25 odd or Rs. 28 crore as because Priyank we did not launch any new 
project and these are what we call internally sustenance booking report, these are leftover 
inventories of existing projects which are getting booked at a sustenance kind of level. Typically, 
in a real estate project the bulk booking happens at the launch of the project because of the delay 
in approvals that I mentioned earlier so we are still awaiting those approvals and we hope that 
we should be able to get them and in time to be able to launch two projects this financial year. I 
think we will see a substantial uptake in the quarterly booking numbers in the coming quarters 
that is one. Second, I think you talked about realization definitely, realizations are going up on 
a weighted average per square feet basis traditionally if we look at it there in our investor 
presentation. Traditionally we have been in the mid Rs. 3,000, Rs. 3,500, Rs. 3,600, Rs. 3,700 
per square foot range, but of late that number has stuck to Rs. 4,300 to Rs. 4,500 a square foot 
and that is generally the case and part of it to offset the increasing cost, but it is also the 
consolidation game at play where Eldeco brand gets a premium over other people. So, yes the 
directions are going up.  
Priyank Gupta: 
Since the company is investing more into Bareilly project if you can share with us as to how it 
is doing and what is the visibility forward? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
We had a total of 40 acres of land out of which we had approvals of about 35 acres and 5 we are 
going to apply soon and the first 35 acres we have done very well, we have got advances from 
the sales part of the inventory was locked up because it will only get released on the obtainment 
of completion certificate as per the local authority norms. The inventory which is pre it is 80% 
to 90% booked the collections are strong and we are using that money to complete the project 
and hopefully in 6 months’ time we should be applying for a completion certificate which will 
release more inventory for sales first and secondly we will also have another parcel of 5 acres 
and the prices just to give you an idea when we entered this transaction we were about Rs. 2,500 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
a square foot, today they are Rs. 4,000 a square foot enough time. So, we hope that if you 
remember the deal the human guarantee of 8% return on its investment. I hope and I am 
convinced that the return will be much more than 8%, how much it exactly will be it is a little 
premature to say, but the money will start coming back in the next couple of years. So, the total 
investment earlier was 27 crores we are proposing to because it is a great project and it is a last-
mile kind of situation. We are increasing our beneficial share from 40% to 50% and I think the 
money is going to come back with handsome returns in the next quarter. 
Priyank Gupta: 
And this is because the existing investors are getting diluted or we are buying any of the other 
investors in this? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
No, the existing investors are getting diluted. I mean they will get diluted, but it is a secondary 
sale the money is not going into the project, the project does not need the money. 
Priyank Gupta: 
Finally, a quick clarification if you can elaborate as to what is primary land aggregation which 
you said in your talk at the beginning of the call, so can you explain that primary land 
aggregation? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
If you look at our track record we are very good at large projects and that too horizontal 
development, large town shares typically 30 acres, 40 acres, Eldeco City is 140 acres. Now such 
lands are not available of the shell and you have to aggregate the land with desperate farmers. 
So, typically you had to deal with the traditional land holders and you will get them to sell them 
at a price and that is a difficult job because you have to deal with 20, 30 sometimes 100 of 
farmers to get them to sell to you at a reasonable uniform price and for the land to be contagious 
there should be no un acquired pockets in that land. Now, that is a time-consuming process as 
you can understand, but as soon as the land gets aggregated there is a premium to it, it is a high 
profit, time-consuming thing which we have done very well in the past. Typically, one does not 
like to do it because it is a time-consuming process and if we were to get aggregated land 
contagious aggregated land we would pay a premium for it and take it of yourself, but as you 
know we have been trying to do that for the last couple of years it is not happening. So, we have 
gone into primary land aggregation it is a skills that we are progressing out, but we are using it 
now for two parcels.  
Priyank Gupta: 
So, in the Lucknow project which you were talking about we can assume that we have almost 
90% of the hurdles and it is about to be complete the aggregation? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
No, we are little early there so that is why we do not have we are not sharing further details. It 
is just that we have started advancing many farmers, but it is a time-consuming process we do 
not have 90% and it is a little premature to say.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Monica Arora from Share Giants. Please go ahead. 
Monica Arora: 
I wanted to ask couple of questions as you have added new land parcel, how much supply can 
we generate out of it and what kind of projects basically you will plan on the land? 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, the ones which are close to launch which is in Imperia Phase-2 and the group housing parcel. 
I presume that you have gone through the presentation. So, in the investor presentation slide 
called forthcoming project I think it is slide number 17 and these are land parcel which are with 
the company which are under companies control and we are just awaiting approvals here all the 
understanding, so you can see that the saleable area there is the 1.4 million square feet and 
without going into the details of individual projects the average realization for the company is 
in the range of Rs. 4,500 square foot. So, that is about 700 crores of inventory in these projects 
that is the projects which we already have. Now, in my opening remarks I mentioned three more 
projects where we have not disclosed yet therefore they are in the land aggregation stage or in 
the term sheet stage that should add another Rs. 500, Rs. 600 crore, but it is little early to say 
how much land actually under we do not even know how much land because it is an aggregation 
thing. So, right now we have about 700 crores of inventory which is under planning and movers 
etcetera and another 600 crores which is in the pipeline but a little premature.  
Monica Arora: 
One more thing on the new launches could you throw some light on these like when they are 
likely to complete and what is the approximate supply that you are anticipating to generate from 
these areas? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
The salable area of 4.5 lakh square feet it is there in the presentation and we will be launching 
either serial number 4 or serial number 5 GS 03 or GS 04 and the areas are respectively 
mentioned that and you can multiply that by just a rule of thumb Rs. 4,500 a square foot the 
numbers could be plus minus 10%, 15% and Imperia should take about 2.5 to 3 years to complete 
phase 2 once we get the approval which should be anytime now. The group housing project I 
think would take about 4 years.  
Monica Arora: 
And we have seen that realization has been growing sequentially now, so do you think that this 
will continue in future going forward? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I actually think so nobody can predict the future, but in my opening remarks I mentioned a couple 
of trends. One is there were supply constraints that is positive for realizations going up and the 
supply constraint not in Eldeco, the market there is a supply constraints. We find that there is 
more demand and less supply of projects. Second, there is a general inflation in the market cost 
are going up and it is going to get passed on to the market and the market is going to take it 
because of the supply constraints and third there is a consolidation happening for which the 
bigger and branded players are getting the premium. So, for all these three reasons I think 
realization will continue to go up for some time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Prithvi Finmart Pvt 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
My question is related to our EBITDA margin despite growth in the revenue quarter-on-quarter 
we are seeing that EBITDA margin has dropped, so can you give more clarity on this what are 
the reason in this? 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Yes I can give you clarity. So, the EBITDA margin this quarter has dropped for there is a onetime 
GST input credit reversal which has happened we had to do it sometime. If you remember when 
the GST introduction happened where you see the input credit for all industries, but later on 
input credit was stopped for real estate development. So, we have to save unutilized GST input 
credit which we had to reverse. So, there is an impact of about 5 crores, 6 crores which is an 
impact of about 8% to 10% in our EBITDA margin, but that is a onetime thing. The other thing 
which has happened this quarter specifically is that the product mix in terms of revenue 
realization had changed a little bit from horizontal project development to group housing projects 
to our project dreams and Naksha has got recognized and the profit recognition is mainly coming 
from them. Though we find that group housing projects are typically low margins as compared 
to plotted large township projects for reasons I explained under that those are aggregation based 
and they are long term, but the profit margins are high. So, for these two reasons the EBITDA 
margin in this quarter are low, but it is not for good it is not there forever because one is a 
onetime charge and going forward we do have some good plotted horizontal commercial kind 
of projects coming which have goo EBITDA margin. So, I do expect this to revert somewhat in 
the coming quarter.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So, we can see the same EBITDA margin what we have done in the last quarter Q1 of FY23? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Similar margins.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
What the revenue guidance you can give for this year and next year because we already have 
few project which inventory yet to be sold and some new project is also in the pipeline, so if you 
can give some guidance on that? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, the revenue recognition in our business is now they are new accounting norms where we do 
not follow POC and methods the percentage of completion method. It is all on completion. So, 
given that the rest of the year the second half of the year will be more or less the same as the 
first half of the year in terms of because I do not think we have too many projects which are 
getting completed, but of course the EBITDA margins could be higher. Next year onwards we 
do feel because when our new projects Imperia Phase-1 should get completion certificate next 
year so that would be a higher number what it will be I cannot say right now.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
How we are seeing urbanization shaping out in Lucknow market and Bareilly market where we 
are going to launch few project, so can we throw some light because the government is also 
focused on improving infrastructure and UP geography and they are also planning to bring more 
industry and IT sector in this market, so how you are seeing this urbanization in this market 
because that is the only factor which can improve our realization in a significant manner? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Abhishek that is a great point I am so glad that you asked this question. We find that it is all 
about the urbanization in these towns are almost giant uncontrollable force right now and sitting 
in these cities we don’t realize what is the pace of urbanization which is happening Tier-2 cities 
and even that infrastructure upgrade especially in UP in general and Lucknow in particular it 
matters and you go to any corner of Lucknow you find that I mean it is visible to the naked eye, 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
you find traffic jam, you find more density, you find a rapid pace of urbanization and 
sophistication of the urban life in the cities and the opportunity is immense I think Abhimanyu 
in the first question asked me for independent study unfortunately we do not have one, but I 
think time has come for when to have a study like that and so that we can share with that you. 
So, it is also related with the other question, do we need to step out of Lucknow we actually do 
not with the kind of urbanization and the growth in market and our leadership position I think 
just growing that will be H1 will be tremendous in the next four, five years. I easily see a more 
than doubling or tripling in just this one market in the coming few years.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Sir as we are seeing that more businesses are coming in UP market, so my question is related to 
as we are also planning to go for the commercial property apart from this residential thing what 
we are doing currently? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So, we did do some office building as you can see in the past track record. So, as of now we are 
going slow for an office building and we are actively looking for residential projects, but you 
know we are a multi-asset kind of company and we are comfortable with the new asset class and 
the right opportunity we will take it. We do not have anything in the pipeline right now, but with 
the kind of urbanization and sophistication in market which is happening. There is no reason if 
there is an opportunity, we will not take it we are comfortable with that etcetera whether it is a 
retail, whether it is office or any other alternative kind of asset classes we are comfortable we 
look for it if something comes our ways. Like I said I think in an unrelated question a lot had 
been made our debt free status. So, I had always maintained it is not a conscious strategy to be 
there it is just that the project has to justify taking that. So, now we have these land parcels as 
we might take that. We actually will maybe so just like that it is not a conscious study it is just 
to be residential. So, nothing is casting stone, depending on the project, depending on the 
opportunities we will go for other asset classes. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
But sir do we have land bank near to cities kind of where we can set up office at limited point 
what I have? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
No, as of now we do not have an office project.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harish Shah from H S Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Harish Shah: 
This was just in continuation with the earlier participant what he has asked so with respect to the 
Lucknow market, do you see this different sector development adding more growth to the 
Lucknow market? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I already answered this question and they have a recent study that Lucknow is one of the top 
Tier-2 market especially in North India. If you look at South and West India after when we were 
in a childhood we were told there are four metros in the country, but some of those cities 
Bangalore, Pune, Ahmadabad, Hyderabad they have become almost as big as the big metros. 
The same thing under the radar people in the financial world sometimes are not looking at it, it 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
is happening in North India also, There is a Jaipur, there is a Chandigarh, there is a Lucknow 
these are growing very fast, tremendous infrastructure upgrade is happening and tremendous 
GDP growth is happening in these cities especially Lucknow and its catchment areas and the 
kind of infra upgrade which is happening it is going to drive economic growth in a big way. UP 
itself has a target of being a 1 trillion economy you might have read about it. So, if you look at 
right now about one-sixth or something like that. Even if we do not reach 1 trillion and we reach 
half of that even then itself massive runway of growth and a lot of it is going to happen in 
Lucknow and we are the brand leader there and we are showing interest and we aim to capitalize 
on that. So, we see great runs of growth in Lucknow specifically.  
Harish Shah: 
With regards to you have already mentioned on that currently you have not consciously choose 
to be a zero-debt company, but that is how your financials seems to be, but given an opportunity 
if you have kind of opportunity to grow faster, so would you look forward to borrow and grow, 
raise for growth? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
100% in fact the three-term sheet that I mentioned in my opening remarks and I do not think you 
were there for my opening remarks. The total CAPEX they will be in the region of about just for 
land acquisition would be about 200 crores. Now we do not want to deploy just equity for that 
we are going to be partnering with the judicious mix of external equity and debt at the project 
level for which we already have very strong interest from private equity funds and debt funds, 
real-estate oriented debt funds. So, there is going to be some debt, but that is going to be only 
after we proceed to the term sheet stage.  
Harish Shah: 
And I believe like we have also rewarding the shareholder with a healthy dividend, so do you 
have a dividend policy for the same and would you like to continue when you have a runway of 
growth? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
As of now our informal policy earlier we did not have, but in last few years if you see we have 
been about 15% of the total profit we have been paying out. So, our payout ratio about 15%, but 
as of now there is huge growth opportunities. We would like to continue to 15%, but if some of 
these projects do not come true then we will actually like to put it up to 25%, but informally we 
are at 15% right now.  
Harish Shah: 
Just one last question from my side, what would be the guidance that you are seeing profit 
guidance that you are seeing for this coming FY23? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
It will be kind of similar or little less than last year I think.  
Harish Shah: 
The reason being? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Because I explained it to one of the other participants that there is a onetime hit because of some 
GST input credit reversal this year and slightly the product mix has changed in favor of group 
housing projects which have typically lower profit margins in this particular year because most 

 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
of the revenue and profit recognition is happening in lower profit margin projects this year it is 
going to reverse going forward.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of  Rakesh Verma from Finurance. Please go 
ahead.  
Rakesh Verma: 
Just have one question we have joint development projects for your further new projects as you 
I think mentioned in your earlier participant question that is open for faster growth so I definitely 
believe that they are in the Tier-2, Tier-3 cities they will be lack of land owners who will be 
interested to join hands with developers like this, so what is your take on this joint development 
project? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
We are new to it, we are agnostic to it. We only look at the project IRR in making investment 
decisions. So, whether the IRR comes from complete ownership model or the IRR comes from 
the JDA model we are agnostic to it. Typically, when we go for a project it has to achieve at 
least 22% to 24% pretax kind of equity IRR for us. So, we do not really differentiate between 
JDA and complete ownership.  
Rakesh Verma: 
I have not gone through your presentation so can you just let me know your exact land bank if 
you have currently? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Abhishek can we forward Rakesh ji a copy of the presentation it has entire details in granularity.  
Rakesh Verma: 
I will have a look at it, not an issue. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I would now like to hand the 
floor back to Mr. Pankaj Bajaj for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Thank you all for your presence today and your interest in the company. I hope you are able to 
make the rest of the current financial year accounts in terms of performance. So, thank you have 
a good day, enjoy the match, hope India wins today.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much members of the management. On behalf of Eldeco Housing Industries 
Limited which concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines.  
