 
 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
To, 
The Secretary, 
Market Operations Dept., 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 023. 
Capital Market Operations 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Fl., Plot No.C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500003 
Scrip Code: AEGISCHEM 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub. : Transcript of the earnings conference call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings 
conference call held on Thursday, November 10, 2022 at 02.00 p.m. (IST), for your information 
and records. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AEGIS LOGISTICS LTD. 
 
 
 
 
MONICA GANDHI 
COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
Encl. : As above 
 
Monica 
Gandhi
Digitally signed by 
Monica Gandhi 
Date: 2022.11.16 
15:30:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Aegis Logistics Limited Q2 & H1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJ CHANDARIA – CHAIRMAN & MD 
 
MR. MURAD MOLEDINA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJESH, ORIENT CAPITAL 
MS. RASIKA SAWANT, ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY23 earnings conference call of Aegis 
Logistics Limited. As a reminder, all the participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and 
then "0" on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Rasika Sawant from Orient Capital, Investor Relations 
partner. Over to you, Ms. Rasika. 
Rasika Sawant: 
Welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY23 earnings conference call of Aegis Logistics Limited. Today 
on this call, we have Mr. Raj Chandaria, Chairman and Managing Director, along with the senior 
management team. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations as of today. Actual results may differ materially. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. A detailed safe harbor statement is given on page #2 of 
the company's investor presentation which has been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as 
the company's website. 
With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Raj Chandaria for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Good afternoon everyone. I am joined by our Chief Financial Officer – Mr. Murad Moledina, 
and we will be presenting the FY 2022-23 H1 results as well as the outlook for FY 2022-23 and 
various business updates. 
Let me start by reminding everyone of our vision for the company. Our vision is to be the leading 
provider of logistics and supply chain services to India's oil, gas, and chemical industry. And 
everything we do is aligned to this vision. And let me say that with the successful 
commencement of our partnership with Royal Vopak and with the successful launch of the 
Kandla LPG terminal and the successful acquisition of the Friends terminal and the growth 
projects currently under implementation, that vision is certainly coming into clearer focus. 
We are now the market leaders in Kandla, Pipavav, Mumbai, Mangalore, Kochi, and Haldia. In 
some cases, we are the leader in capacity terms but in all cases in terms of quality, reliability, 
and service. And this applies to both liquids and LPG. And as we enter new locations, I am 
confident that the same dedication to quality, reliability and service will move us into market 
leadership positions in these new ports as well. We will strive to translate the same dedication 
to quality, reliability, and service in the gas distribution segment as well. I think I can say with 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
some confidence that we are already there in certain geographic markets, and as we extend our 
footprint, this dedication will follow. 
Finally, before I move on to the financial results, I want to emphasize that being the leading 
provider of logistics and supply chain services to India's oil, gas, and chemical sector carries 
with it a duty of care and responsibility to environmental sustainability. And at Aegis, this 
responsibility is taken very seriously, and we have now incorporated this into the design 
philosophy of new gas and liquid terminals in addition to retrofitting older facilities. 
Now, turning to the results. You will recall that we had a solid performance for the last fiscal 
year 2021-22. And we are pleased to report that the first half of 2022-23, i.e., H1, is tracking 
well to deliver another strong performance for FY 2022-23 and to build further on the profit 
growth that we saw in FY 2021-22. 
Revenues increased to Rs. 4,386 crores versus Rs. 1,313 crores year on year, primarily as a result 
of higher sourcing volumes. Normalized EBITDA for the group increased to Rs. 347 crores in 
H1 versus Rs. 262 crores in the previous year. That is a rise of 33% over the previous year and 
a lifetime high. Profit before tax rose to Rs. 259 crores as compared to Rs. 214 crores year on 
year. That is a rise of 21% profit before tax growth. The profit after tax for the group was Rs. 
209 crores versus Rs. 173 crores year on year, and that is a rise of 21%. 
Generally, the second half, H2, is stronger than H1, and we therefore believe that this sets us up 
for robust profits growth during the rest of this fiscal year. 
Finally, on the basis of the completion of the joint venture transaction and resultant strong cash 
position, I'm pleased to report that the Board has declared a third interim dividend of Rs. 2 per 
share. This is, of course, a one-time and special in nature on account of this joint venture 
transaction. 
I would now like to hand over to Mr. Murad Moledina, our CFO, to go through the underlying 
segment numbers and financial details. Murad, over to you. 
Murad Moledina: 
Let me take the Liquid Terminal division first. The revenue for first half FY23 was Rs. 188 
crores, a lifetime high, versus Rs. 130 crores year on year. That is an increase of 44%. The 
EBITDA for the quarter for this division was Rs. 124 crores which is again an increase of 31%. 
Coming to the Gas Terminal division, revenues were Rs. 4,198 crores for H1 versus Rs. 1,183 
crores year on year. The EBITDA for H1 for Gas was Rs. 223 crores versus Rs. 167 crores on a 
year-on-year basis, a rise of 34%. We continue to see growth for the Gas division with sourcing 
throughput and distribution volumes improving. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
I will now explain the sales volume. Starting with throughput volumes, LPG volumes for H1 for 
3 terminals of Mumbai, Haldia, and Pipavav was 14.70 lakh metric ton or 1.47 million tons 
versus 1.305 million tonnes year on year, an increase of 13%. This was despite lower volumes 
at Haldia on account of port taking up upgradation of both the jetties where the group handles 
LPG. The company had good volumes at Mumbai as it operated at full capacity with IOC, HPCL, 
and BPCL, all bringing imports at Mumbai. The LPG gantry at Pipavav continued to perform 
well and is delivering considerable cost savings to our customers, which is driving improved 
volumes at Pipavav. 
Now, coming to distribution, the bulk industrial segment delivered 173,990 metric tons in H1 
versus 45,816 metric tons year on year, representing 379% growth over the previous year and, 
of course, a lifetime high. EBIT margins remaining stable. With Kandla LPG terminal 
operationally stabilized, we believe that this distribution business will continue to register 
impressive growth. 
The commercial and domestic cylinder segment which sells to hotels, restaurants, and small-
scale industries under the Pure Aegis gas brand and to the domestic household segment under 
the Aegis Chhota Cikander brand was also higher with H1 sales of 17,310 metric tons versus 
11,352 metric tons a year earlier, registering a 52% increase. Autogas sales were also slightly 
higher at 10,248 metric tons in H1 against 9,554 metric tons a year earlier, an increase of 7%. 
Margins remain stable for the distribution business. 
The sales volume of sourcing business was 457,960 metric tons versus 159,633 metric tons a 
year earlier. As reported earlier, this increase in volume is expected to continue this calendar 
year. 
With that, I would like to hand it over to Mr. Raj for further updates. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Let me then turn to the business updates for the quarter and the outlook for the rest of the year 
and then update on our capital expenditure plans. 
As far as the business updates are concerned, during the period, Pipavav port continued its work 
on making the LPG jetty compliant for handling VLGCs, with commissioning now expected 
sometime during Q3, which will further improve the competitiveness of Pipavav as a logistics 
hub. The work continues at Kandla Oil jetty #7, which will also be made VLGC compliant, and 
we expect it to be completed by the end of this financial year. Work continues by the IHBL on 
the KGPL LPG pipeline, if I can remind everyone, to which both Kandla and Pipavav will be 
connected. All of these key developments, which are slowly maturing, are positioning our 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Kandla and LPG terminals to be the leading gateways for feeding the key LPG pipelines of India 
going North and into Central India. 
As far as the outlook for the second half of FY23 is concerned, both Gas and Liquids segments 
continue to perform well. And it is our expectation that this year's profits will continue to grow 
robustly. We expect our Liquids business, with its leading position in the key ports of India, to 
perform well for the rest of the year, especially in light of good economic growth in the country. 
And the same applies to the LPG segment. As I have said in previous calls, we are confident that 
the distribution business is going to flourish and add to our base throughput business. And you 
have seen that in the half yearly numbers or quarterly numbers that Murad has just reported on. 
As far as the project update is concerned, I am pleased to confirm that the project work has now 
commenced full swing on the expansion projects that we announced last year. We expect the 
first of these projects, an additional Liquids capacity of 50,000 cubic meters in Haldia of liquid 
tankage to be commissioned during this financial year. And all the other projects are ongoing. 
We will keep giving updates in the ensuing quarters. 
As far as the Aegis-Vopak joint venture is concerned, as previously informed, the joint venture 
has achieved a successful closure and is performing in line with expectations. The joint venture 
is constantly evaluating new business opportunities and proposals and we are confident that the 
combination of our strengths, both Vopak and Aegis, will lead to some interesting projects in 
the future. 
That concludes my formal presentation, and we can now take questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Priyankar 
Biswas from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
My first question is, can you provide us some sort of EBITDA margin reconciliation for the Gas 
business? The reason I ask is, if I assume, let's say, earlier guidance that probably the gas 
logistics business mix is something like thousand Rs. per ton then if I subtract out from, let's say, 
your 2Q numbers of the entire normalized gas EBITDA, then what I get as the distribution 
margin is more like Rs. 2,500 to Rs. 2,700 per tonne. But I think the guidance was something 
like Rs. 4,000 to Rs. 5,000. Can you help me reconcile on the distribution margins? 
Murad Moledina: 
We have done EBITDA margin in Gas of around Rs. 184 crores and if you take out Rs. 1,000 
which you just said, that would, of course, leave around 500 crores. The sourcing volume is, of 
course, not included in this, which is at a very small margin. But the combined margins of all 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
the distributions put together including bulk, auto LPG, and pack cylinders is always close to 
Rs. 3,000 per tonne. And I think that is what you are getting in your calculation. So, I don't see 
any much variant as such. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Priyankar, just to add to that, of course, the big volume of the distribution business is the bulk 
industrial volumes. Autogas and pack cylinders, which are slightly higher margin, do not 
constitute the bulk of it. The bulk of it is the bulk industrial thing on which the margins are in 
the Rs. 2,500 range or Rs. 2,000 range. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So, the bulk, we should work with some number of Rs. 2,000, probably, maybe slightly higher, 
something like that? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes, Rs. 2,000 to Rs. 2,500 is probably about the right thing. It has always been in that range. 
Murad Moledina: 
Just to add here, the new distribution business, which is really in the industrial area of Morbi and 
industrial clusters, do not have as much margin as when we were doing small distribution 
business. This bulk business is always at a margin of around Rs. 2,000. This is in direct 
competition with natural gas, which is why you will now have to rework with your margin 
numbers between Rs. 2,500 and Rs. 3,000 blended rate. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Then I guess it largely reconciles that overall number. Sir, just one more question from my side. 
Regarding the OPEC deal cash flows, if you can just elaborate for the benefit of everyone, like 
how much money has been received so far and how does it reflect in the 1H FY23 balance sheet 
because I am not able to make it out completely. 
Murad Moledina: 
If you look at the balance sheet, the cash being carried is appearing in 3 parts as investment, cash 
in bank, and bank balance which is around Rs. 1,300-odd crores. That's the cash we are carrying. 
We have received around Rs. 2,000 crores, out of which, after you deduct the tax of around 20%, 
leaves around Rs. 1,600 crores. And then if you look at borrowings, if you remember, the 
borrowings at JVCo level has been Rs. 600 crores. And we already were having a debt of Rs. 
400 crores. So, from Rs. 1,000 crores, we have repaid debt of around Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 400 
crores. Third reason is that the increased distribution business requires more working capital. If 
you look at all the three, you will understand that around Rs. 2,000 crores is what has come in, 
in addition to whatever cash earned out of profits during H1. That is how it appears in the balance 
sheet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Yadav from Edelweiss Wealth Research. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Himanshu Yadav: 
Two questions from my end. One is a follow-up regarding Priyankar's questions. You mentioned 
that since the Morbi business is directly competing with natural gas, and hence, the margins 
would be a bit lower. Could you just help us understand the visibility on that front? How sticky 
would you believe these volumes are and what would be the share of Morbi within the overall 
volumes which you have reported for the distribution segment? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Our belief is that the tailwinds that we are receiving from the whole natural gas situation have 
reasonably good and high visibility for at least the next year or two. I say that because we do not 
expect the natural gas situation to ease at least for another 4 to 5 years because, as we know, the 
whole natural gas situation has been appended by not only the Ukrainian situation and the 
stoppage of Russian supplies of natural gas to Europe, resulting in a huge scramble for natural 
gas from the Europeans, which has led to this tremendous spike. We do not expect that situation 
to ease off in the short term. So, we believe that this is quite sustainable for a reasonable period 
of time. I said 1 to 2 years because, obviously, I wouldn't like to predict 5 years, but we have 
strong visibility for at least 1 to 2 years and we believe that this is a sustainable situation. In fact, 
I believe that we will be growing our market volumes more than just the Morbi market and other 
industrial clusters. I think that the volumes will increase rather than stable. 
Murad Moledina: 
And just to add, Morbi, out of 173,000 industrial distribution volumes that we have done, Morbi 
would be somewhere around 35% to 40%. This is in spite of the fact that, I think, a month Morbi 
was closed for their annual maintenance which they take up. So, we expect these volumes to 
grow even further in the ensuing quarters. 
Himanshu Yadav: 
My second question is, post the JV structure, now we are consolidating our JV. In this quarter, 
we see a minority interest as around Rs. 7 crores in the profit and loss statement. Could you just 
give us some color on how to think about that going forward? As per my understanding, 
whatever has flown to the JV part, they do make a good chunk of EBITDA, and accordingly, the 
minority interest portion should have been higher. Some color in that direction would be helpful, 
please. 
Murad Moledina: 
Minority interest is a complex working. Anyway, just to give a color, we are always very much 
focused on each and every part of the results and, if you see, minority interest is well contained. 
This is also borne out of the fact that our new terminal Kandla, which has moved to the JVCo, 
actually is earning more of distribution business and profits which 100% accrue to the holding 
company. That effectively puts us in a very nice position. It's only throughput. In addition, that 
is what we have been saying earlier too. 
As far as Liquid business is concerned, we have carved out Liquid business of around, let us say, 
600,000 CBM or a little less. But we have also got CRL liquid capacity into the JVCo out of 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
which we earn 50% and the Friends acquisition. That has somehow balanced the share which 
we give to the JVCo partner by the new capacity EBITDAs which are flowing in and coming to 
us as our share of 51%. So, Liquids is absolutely balanced. Gas, most of the profits out of Kandla 
is from distribution, which accrues 100% to the holding company, I think. This is how far I can 
go to explain MI. But we are very conscious of each and every part of the results, and we are 
focused on the EPS very much to deliver what we have always maintained in the past - the upside 
and growth in EPS. 
Himanshu Yadav: 
So, sir, would it be fair to assume that this minority interest amount going forward will move in 
line with the profitability or we should not expect any bump up or any lumpiness going forward 
in terms of any surprises beyond normal operations? 
Murad Moledina: 
If the profits come in more, obviously, the minority interest will increase. But as of whatever is 
Q2 in that state, the minority interest is what it is reflected in the results. But as the profits grow 
even furthermore, then obviously, minority interest to that extent will show an increase which 
you should project for. 
Himanshu Yadav: 
I will pass it on. I guess I will need to have more clarity on this. Probably, I will follow up later. 
That is it from my end as of now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amar More from AlfAccurate Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Amar More: 
Just wanted to understand a little bit more on the Gas business volume. In this particular quarter, 
auto business volume would be around 10,000 metric tons, right? 
Murad Moledina: 
For 6 months, H1. 
Amar More: 
That is for 6 months, right? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. 
Amar More: 
So, it would be like 50:50 divided? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. 
Amar More: 
And the domestic distribution business volume would be how much, sir, excluding commercial 
and industrial, i.e., Chhota Cikander? 
Murad Moledina: 
We have already said that in the call, 17,000-odd. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Amar More: 
17,000 metric ton? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. 
Amar More: 
That is for 6 months or for the? 
Murad Moledina: 
6 months, H1. 
Amar More: 
If I am not wrong, in the auto business, basically, we used to have the EBITDA part of something 
around 8,000 to 10,000, right? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. 
Amar More: 
And in domestic business, the EBITDA part is around 4,000 to 5,000? 
Murad Moledina: 
A little lower, 3,000 to 4,000; not 4,000 to 5,000. 
Amar More: 
Then, basically the commercial business average EBITDA is significantly lower or what or it 
has gone down significantly lower? 
Murad Moledina: 
Let us just explain. The Kandla industrial sales to industrial clusters are not at margins which 
we usually are accustomed to because these are really bulk sales. That is how you will have to 
realign to the margins combined for the distribution business. 
Amar More: 
Basically, that 3,000 to 4,000 range has come down to 2,000 to 2,500 range? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes. And just so that you are clear that the commercial segment was generally packed in larger 
cylinders. When you package a product, the margins are generally a little higher, in the Rs. 3,000 
to Rs. 4,000 range. But a lot of this bulk supply out of Kandla and so on is not packed, it is in 
tanker trucks. It is a different type of…. It is a bulk industrial sort of small industry supply. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Digant Haria: 
My first question is on the general competitive intensity that we are seeing because, yesterday, 
I just read an article that Adani has bought a majority stake in Indian Oil Tanking Company. 
And I see that with the Vopak joint venture, we have begun a CAPEX drive where we are adding 
more liquid as well as LPG storage capacity across most of the ports. Do you see this activity to 
be intensifying apart from you guys and maybe Adani has taken over? Or the competitive 
intensity is not something we worry about today? 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Raj Chandaria: 
I think competition is always there in every industry. And to be honest, we welcome competition 
because our positioning, as I explained right at the outset, is quality, quality, quality, service and 
reliability. And as far as the Liquids business is concerned, this business has been fairly 
competitive throughout all ports for as long as I can remember. We had tremendous competition 
in Kandla. We had competition in Haldia. We had competition in Kochi. There are plenty of 
smaller operators and so on. 
This terminal, Indian Oil Tanking Limited, this company has existed for some time. There is no 
new capacity that they are building. It is just one party acquiring somebody else's stake - Adani 
acquiring somebody else's stake. Obviously, Adani is a serious player, and we always respect 
them. But we are confident that this is not going to change our plans at all. We are in 6-7 ports. 
As I mentioned earlier, we are going to be in a couple more ports. And we will consolidate and 
strengthen our position so that we are market leaders in all the markets that we operate in. 
As far as Gas is concerned, I think those of you who follow the company, you have seen how 
we have taken the leadership position now with our post LPG terminal in Kandla, and as you 
know, we will be building more. And again, not at all concerned about competition. 
Murad Moledina: 
Just to add here, the acquisition of stake is minority, not majority, as you said. And secondly, 
the IOTL business is more for petroleum storage and industrial terminals for captive IOC 
business and needs. So, it has a distinction as far as what we are being very true and third-party 
logistics player, where we are not attached as an industrial terminal or to any one customer as 
yet. That is how there is a difference. 
Digant Haria: 
One more thing. Raj, you mentioned in the comments before that you see the natural gas demand 
remaining tight for many years. I just wanted to check that if across the world, a lot of people 
switch to LPG as a more alternative, does the pricing differential is at threat? Or how do you see 
the demand-supply dynamics for LPG? I know all of this in the future is a guess, but whatever 
to the best of your understanding, that would be great for us to know. 
Raj Chandaria: 
We don't anticipate the whole world switching to LPG, certainly. India is in a peculiar and unique 
position that for the last 50 years or possibly more than 50 years, India has been promoting LPG 
as a fuel. We never promoting natural gas as a fuel. So, India is a unique market in that sense 
that there is LPG being used for industrial and domestic purposes. Most other countries and 
developed countries, even China and Japan and so on, moved away from LPG and moved to 
natural gas. Europe, of course, has been on natural gas mainly and America as well. So, we don't 
see a huge rush to LPG in other markets. I mean there will be some switching but not a huge 
amount. In India, natural gas is a relatively nascent industry and extremely price sensitive. Of 
course, energy in India, all the Indian consumers are extremely price sensitive. So, we believe 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
that when you have a scenario where which countries are bidding for cargoes of natural gas for 
contracts for natural gas, they have the ability to pay more than the Indian consumers for natural 
gas. And so, that combined with the fact that LPG has been long established for 50 years in this 
country for both domestic and industrial use, we think that's a trend that is going to specifically 
Indian. 
As far as the supply of LPG is concerned, at this moment, our suppliers, of course, we are joint 
ventured with ITOCHU; have a pretty good window. We ourselves are now very experienced in 
sourcing. We don't see a problem. As you know, when you produce natural gas, LPG comes 
along with that. So, we don't see a supply constraint too much. Prices will move up and down, 
but actual supply constraint, I don't see a problem with that. 
Digant Haria: 
Maybe that puts us in a sweet spot. Just one last clarification on, you said that this entire Morbi 
volumes increase. Is it more through that Magna 410 kg cylinder? Or as you said, it will be more 
tankers being supplied there and they will empty it in their own system or something like that? 
Raj Chandaria: 
I think it is a mixed bag. You have some of the larger players which just take it in bulk, and they 
have their own storage tanks on site, small bullets on site. Some are smaller scale. They have 
Magna cylinders. Some are even smaller, who have the next one down. I don't know exactly 
what was the next one down. So, it's a mixture. 
Digant Haria: 
I just wanted to know from you; Morbi, if they were on some other kind of fuel technology, how 
easily did they adapt to this LPG? Any other clusters that you see where we can grow in a similar 
way in the coming times? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes. I think there are some customers who were using natural gas have installed these LPG 
backup systems. There are some who are converted from dirtier fuels to LPG. We definitely are 
seeing this and making a big push to convert as many customers as we can onto either use of 
LPG/propane as a primary fuel. And we are seeing this happening not only in Gujarat but other 
places as well. 
Murad Moledina: 
Just to add that a lot of power companies can now look at LPG to spike natural gas while 
producing power. That would be another area where we see potential need and growth as far as 
LPG is concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lavanya from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
Sir, I got the sense that about 35% to 40% of our volume goes to Morbi. I just wanted to 
understand what is the composition of the rest of the segment, which industries and regions form 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
the remaining distribution volume other than this Morbi? Like fertilizers or which industries take 
the LPG? 
Raj Chandaria: 
I think there's a variety of applications. That hasn't changed much. For example, glass, fiberglass, 
aerosols, bakeries, a number of industrial applications for using LPG as a heating fuel. 
Murad Moledina: 
I want to add here that even in different geographies; now we are selling bulk from Haldia, from 
Mumbai, from Kandla. Now we have 4 terminals all operating full on. Like Mr. Raj said, varied 
industries take and use; in addition to what Mr. Raj mentioned, even steel and automobile 
companies, etc. So, it's a variety and different geographies where we sell bulk, it's not just Kandla 
alone. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
I just wanted to check this because if there was any shift in any other industry just like how 
Morbi has been from LNG to LPG, if that was helping us in any of the other industries. 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, we are smiling because those still remain as potential opportunities to grow even further. 
So, I think we will see some of that happening in the near future. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
On the Liquids segment margins, how do you see this going ahead and getting back to 
normalized levels of how we have seen previously, like 8% to 9% on EBIT terms? How do you 
see this improving over the next few quarters? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Margins on Liquids segment? 
Lavanya Tottala: 
Yes, Liquids segment. 
Raj Chandaria: 
8% or 9%? I think it is higher than that. Wouldn't it be, Murad? 
Murad Moledina: 
EBITDA margin or revenue or what are you looking at? 
Lavanya Tottala: 
I was looking at EBIT margins based on reported…. Even the EBITDA margins are slightly 
lower than what we were seeing earlier. 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. EBITDA margins are 65% on revenue, and that is what we have always given advice, that 
is how Liquids should behave. But earlier, of course, were a little higher, and this is expected to 
improve because we have just taken over Friends Terminal, 0.5 million kiloliters of capacity as 
well as CRL which was earlier run by Vopak. We see a lot of cost synergy going forward, and 
we expect even the mix of the products we store at our different facilities to graduate to more 
high-value products which will see a definite increase in the EBITDA margins from the current 
level. And any increase in revenue from here on will flow directly or mostly into EBITDA, 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
because the expenses are all there accounted for. So, we definitely see an improvement going 
forward in the coming quarters over the EBITDA percentage to revenue as far as Liquids 
business is concerned. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
Any time line here, sir, that you see? 
Raj Chandaria: 
I think you will see a quarter-by-quarter improvement. 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, quarter by quarter, there should be an improvement. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
On Kandla, how do you see taking the terminaling volume? As of now, we don't have any 
contracts there. Do you plan to keep them open going forward or plan to enter into any contracts 
in this particular terminal because it's a decent size or a big capacity for us? How do you see that 
going ahead? 
Raj Chandaria: 
I am just going to first start off by saying that you will recall that, of course, Kandla terminal 
was delayed. The commissioning was delayed by about 6 months because of COVID and so on. 
We finally sort of got our first cargo at the end of May. And I'm really pleased to say that the 
way the volumes have step-by-step improved, today, we are in a position where I think, and I'll 
ask Murad to comment on this, we are seeing a.... 
Murad Moledina: 
As we talk, the first fully loaded ship for one of the national oil companies is being unloaded. In 
this month itself, probably 3 ships are already planned and in the first half itself would be 
unloaded. That is a huge jump and a very good sign of things to come. Throughput-wise also, 
Kandla should be doing well in addition to the distribution business. It being near to Morbi and 
other industrial clusters, there would always be a business of distribution also coming from 
Kandla. So, Kandla is looking really good. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
Sir, just one question from my side. How does the contracting for LPG procurement works? Are 
these long-term contracts or are these on a month-on-month basis? If you could just help us 
understand that, that would be helpful. 
Raj Chandaria: 
First of all, as far as LPG procurement is concerned, which we do through our joint venture with 
ITOCHU in Singapore, they are all on a back-to-back basis. First, we respond to the tenders put 
out by the national oil companies. And if we win the tender, then there is a specified delivery 
period, say, over 12 months and the frequency of ships and so on. Once we have won that, 
simultaneously we will obviously on a back-to-back basis secure the ships and the actual 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
supplies. This is all done in coordination with our partners, ITOCHU. So, it is on a back-to-back 
basis. 
Murad Moledina: 
No exposure on pricing, inventory, currency, nothing - everything back-to-back. 
Ankur: 
On the duration of these contracts. Are these 12-month contracts or are there any shorter-duration 
contracts? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Generally, they are 12-month tenders that are put out. There may be the odd…. In the interim, if 
a PSU needs some extra supplies, they might put a spot requirement, but generally they line up 
for 12-month periods, January to December. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dr. Amit Vora, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Dr. Amit Vora: 
The revenues as compared to the last half-year FY22 have improved quite a bit, around 234%. 
But what is the reason that the profits have not; as a common man, I am not able to understand 
that. If you can help me understand that the consecutive increase in profit is not that much. The 
sales and revenue have grown up significantly to 234%. 
Murad Moledina: 
Most of the top line is out of our sourcing business, which we just spoke about, back-to-back 
contracts for supplying shiploads of LPG, which are done at wafer-thin margin of around $0.50 
per tonne. So, the EBITDA arising out of the sourcing business is very low, though it contributes 
almost 80% to the top line, which is why you see the disparity between the revenue increase and 
the EBITDA increase. This sourcing business is done only as a value addition to our customers 
because we can get this LPG at lower cost than what they are able to procure. It is just sourcing, 
which is why we call it, and this contributes maximum to the top line but minimum to the 
EBITDA. 
Dr. Amit Vora: 
There is just one last question. This is the third dividend, I suppose, for this financial year. I was 
of the opinion that if you could consider a share buyback also because that would also enhance 
the shareholder value, if it is possible. 
Raj Chandaria: 
I am sure the Board will consider at some point share buyback. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavik Shah from MK Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Shah: 
There was some CAPEX commentary at the start of the call. Can you repeat that? I just wanted 
to understand that. And what is the guidance for FY23 and FY24? 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Murad Moledina: 
We have already said that we are already undertaking projects aggregating Rs. 1,250 crores at 
Pipavav, Mangalore, and Haldia, of which in this year, 50,000 CBM or kiloliter liquid storage 
terminal at Haldia, which we call H5, will get commissioned in this year. All others will happen 
in FY24 and FY25 depending on the kind of project that is being executed. 
Bhavik Shah: 
This Rs. 1,250 crores is for the next 3 years, right? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, you can say that in FY23, FY24, and FY25, that is how the CAPEX spend will come into 
the books. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Any other utilization of cash we are expecting? 
Murad Moledina: 
There are many things which, at Aegis, we are looking at. 
Raj Chandaria: 
You remember that we talked about as far as the joint venture with Vopak is concerned. We see 
a huge plethora of opportunities, whether by way of moving into new gases, whether by 
acquisition opportunities that come to the table, expansion of our existing sites which the market 
or projects have not yet been crystallized and so on. I believe that there are tremendous 
opportunities. And obviously, we have the balance sheet and the cash to be able to move fast as 
and when these opportunities arise. It is fairly clear to me that there is not a shortage of 
opportunities and there is not a shortage of financial resources to execute on those opportunities. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Raj Chandaria for closing comments. 
Raj Chandaria: 
I would just like to conclude by saying that we are quite pleased with the way the year is 
unfolding. We have strong visibility for the next quarter and the quarter after that. Of course, we 
have longer-term plans as well, but I think I would like to convey that we have good visibility, 
and we are pretty confident that we are going to have an excellent year. I look forward to 
speaking with you again at the end of January. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Aegis Logistics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
