 
 
 
 
 
     15th November, 2022 
 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 533217 
   Trading Symbol: HMVL  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors for the quarter and half 
year ended on 30th September, 2022 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the enclosed transcript of Conference 
Call for Analysts and Investors held on 07th November, 2022 in respect of Un-Audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2022. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
http://www.hmvl.in/report23.html# 
 
We request you to take the above information on record 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
(Pumit Kumar Chellaramani) 
Company Secretary  
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
PUMIT KUMAR 
CHELLARAMANI
Digitally signed by PUMIT 
KUMAR CHELLARAMANI 
Date: 2022.11.15 18:55:55 
+05'30'

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Piyush Gupta – Group CFO 
Mr. Anup Sharma – CFO, Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
Ms. Anna Abraham – Head, Investor Relations 
Mr. Pervez Bajan – Group Controller 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani from the 
HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our Q2 FY22-23 
earnings webinar.  
  
 
As a reminder all participants shall be in listen only mode. After the 
presentation concludes, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. I 
now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham – Head, Investor Relations. Thank 
you and over to you Anna.  
  
 
Anna Abraham:  
Thank you, Aaditya. A very good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of HT 
Media Group, I welcome you to our earnings webinar to discuss the 
financial results of the Q2 FY22-23. On the call with me today are  
Mr. Piyush Gupta, Group CFO; Mr. Anup Sharma, CFO, Hindustan 
Media Ventures Limited; Mr. Pervez Bajan, Group Controller; and 
members of our Investor Relations team. 
 
I trust you had an opportunity to go through the financial results of 
Hindustan Media Ventures Limited declared last Wednesday on  
2nd November and of HT Media Limited released earlier today. We will 
be discussing the details of the same through the course of our call today. 
Kindly note that our remarks will track with the presentation on the Zoom 
webinar. This presentation, along with the financial statements, is 
available on stock exchanges and the Investor Relations section of our 
website.  
 
The next slide captures the disclaimer regarding forward-looking 
statements. Do keep this in mind. As per practice, we do not provide 
specific revenue or earnings guidance.  
 
Moving on to Slide 3. This gives our Chairperson's comments on the 
performance of the Company for the quarter;  
 
"The second quarter of the current fiscal saw a fairly conducive business 
environment. However, inflationary pressures continued in the form of 
elevated input costs, arising largely from geopolitical factors.  
 
Our Print business continues to show revenue growth on the back of an 
increase in both advertising and circulation revenue. Our Radio business 
is recovering gradually and is showing a substantial topline growth on a  

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
y-o-y basis. However, profitability of the Print business was significantly 
impacted by elevated newsprint rates. We are seeing signs of pressure 
easing on this front, although the benefit of this will flow only in later 
quarters.  
 
In the near term, the festive season provides further growth opportunities 
across business verticals as retail and commercial activity picks up in the 
ongoing quarter.  
 
Amidst considerable global economic and geopolitical churn, our 
endeavor remains the same – to be a source of credible news, and 
engaging content for our growing audience base.”  
 
Slide 4 gives the agenda for today. We will begin with the performance 
update with comments on our consolidated financials, followed by 
detailed notes on, Print, Radio and Digital business, further to which we 
will open for Q&A session.  
 
I will now hand over the call to Piyush to take you through the rest of the 
presentation. Over to you, Piyush. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thanks, Aaditya. Thanks, Anna. Very good afternoon to everyone and 
season’s greetings. We will now jump into the presentation right away. 
So, on your screens, as you can see, this is the consolidated financial 
summary for the Q2 FY23 and in the parallel column, we also have the 
FY22 same period last year. As you can see, on a y-o-y basis, the total 
revenue grew by 2%, and in EBITDA there is a decline. It has come to 
INR -12 crores at a -3% margin.  
 
PBT comes at INR -66 crores and a -15% margin and our Net Cash 
remains at INR 811 crores.  
 
The key highlights are given on the right-hand side. The only other point 
that I would like to make is that the Company has decided to move to a 
new tax regime, which has resulted in a write-off of unutilized MAT 
credit of INR 88.5 crores and a reversal of tax credit of  INR 7.5 crores, 
which is related to the previous years. 
  
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
Moving on. Going into the business unit performance. For Print, our Ad 
revenue came at INR 269 crores at a 9% increase and on a sequential 
basis a 12% growth. Our Circulation revenue at INR 61 crores, at more 
than 21% increase, led by both print order and realization per copy, and 
on a sequential basis, that's a 2% growth. Consequently, our operating 
revenue at a 10% increase came to INR 344 crores, and operating 
EBITDA came at INR -14 crores, with a -4% margin. 
 
Quickly jumping into the English business, which is HT Media and Mint. 
If we look at Q2 FY23, Ad revenue at INR 147 crores, which is a 10% 
increase on a y-o-y basis and a 16% increase on a sequential basis. Our 
Circulation revenue at INR 15 crores, is a 118% increase on a y-o-y basis, 
and a 19% increase on a sequential basis.  
 
Similarly, in so far as Hindi is concerned Ad revenue at INR 122 crores, 
which is a 7% increase on a y-o-y basis, and an 8% increase on a 
sequential basis and Circulation revenue at INR 47 crores, is a 7% 
increase on y-o-y basis and a flattish to -2% decline on a sequential basis.  
 
Radio there's a nice growth, as you can see, a 36% y-o-y growth with 
revenue coming at INR 33 crores versus INR 24 crores same period last 
year, with operating EBITDA margin coming into a positive territory of 
3%.  
 
Digital has been flat, at -4% y-o-y with INR 33 crores coming down to 
INR 32 crores this quarter and operating EBITDA was marginally 
negative at INR -2 crores with a -5% margin.  
 
With that, we come to the end of the presentation, and we'll leave it for 
the question and answers now. 
  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you, Piyush. We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click 
on the ‘raise hand’ option which will enable the Moderator to unmute you 
for posing your query. Please introduce yourself before posing your query 
and kindly restrict to a maximum of two questions per participant so that 
we may be able to address questions from all participants. We will wait 
for a few moments while the question queue assembles.  
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
The first question is from the line of Gunit Singh. 
 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. I have a question regarding the 
loss that we are making since the last couple of quarters. Is this majorly 
driven by the increase in newspaper print prices? And could you please 
give some idea of how the prices have trended in the past 2-3 years? What 
is the outlook in terms of how the prices would trend for the coming 
couple of quarters? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Let me just give you a little color. The losses are primarily on two 
reasons. If you look at the EBITDA movement versus the same period last 
year, one is the elevated newsprint prices. Newsprint prices in the current 
quarter have averaged around INR 66,000 per metric ton as against the 
same period last year was about INR 42,000. So, you can see that's about 
a 50% increase in newsprint prices. That's purely the pricing delta. And in 
terms of rupee crore, that is a cost hit of about INR 57 crores, which has 
gone into the P&L.  
 
Now if I were to project out, now that's a little bit of hypothesis here. 
What we are seeing in the market is that the prices have already topped 
out. And we believe after plateauing for some time, they would start 
coming down. As you know, newsprint is a cyclical commodity. And I 
believe they are already hitting the peak at about USD 850-890 a metric 
ton.  
 
In terms of dollars, we believe the prices will come close to about  
USD 700 in the next couple of quarters. Now, of course, as you would 
understand, the currency itself is a bit of a wildcard at this point in time 
because there's a 10% rupee depreciation. So, we will save about 25-30% 
in terms of dollar prices, but 10% of that will go away in the currency. I 
personally, therefore, believe looking at our inventory situation and where 
the newsprint prices are heading, that in the next couple of quarters, we 
would come out of the red, which is primarily because of the newsprint 
cost and the margins will therefore start improving. 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Just to add to what Piyush has said, in the last couple of quarters, we, of 
course, saw a high impact on the revenues given COVID and how it 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
impacted businesses across categories and especially in the retail business 
and the local businesses. We saw consecutively there is a growth, but it 
has still not come back to the pre-COVID level. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So, just to accentuate the point that my colleague just made, which is on 
the revenue, we know that the volumes have been continuously recovering 
for the last, I would say, two quarters, since COVID had started to have a 
way. However, pricing still remains a challenge. So, somewhere the 
volumes are back to about 80-90%. In some markets of Hindi, they are 
actually above the pre-COVID level also. But pricing still is a big 
challenge, whereby market by market, we are anywhere between 70-90% 
of the pre-COVID prices. I hope that answers your question.  
 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Yes, it does in some sense. So, going forward, do we expect to cross the 
pre-COVID levels because there is a large adoption of digital media?  So, 
in terms of your internal projections, how do you see the business going 
forward? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes, two things there, Gunit,  I think the migration to digital or the new 
age media, as you know, has been accentuated by COVID, but it's not a 
new phenomenon. That's been happening for the last many, many years, 
as more and more people are adopting to the new forms of media. So, 
that's the reason we have a pretty robust Digital business, which is 
basically undergoing those changes.  
 
Having said that, we believe that we will be easily able to come to a very 
profitable situation or whether we'll be able to cross the peak or not cross 
the peak, I wouldn't like to hazard a guess. We don't speculate on forward-
looking forecast. But suffice to say that the mere impact of the newsprint 
prices reverting back to median itself will be a very robust impact on the 
bottom line. And with pricing correcting in the marketplace, which is a 
factor of demand and supply, I think we can easily cross the pre-COVID 
levels without any questions. 
 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
Gunit Singh:  
All right. And in terms of the newsprint paper, is it mostly imported? Or is 
it also locally sourced? 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Currently, it's largely all domestic because, given the geopolitical 
environment, shipments from global sources have been a bit of a 
challenge and also a little on the costlier side. So currently, it's largely 
domestic, but it does vary depending on the opportunities that we find. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. So, Gunit, it's basically depending upon opportunities. We keep on 
evaluating all sources, both domestic and international. Wherever the 
pricing equation is in our favor, we go for it. Right now, it's mostly 
domestic. But going forward, it will depend on the pricing equation. 
 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Alright, thank you and all the best. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hari S. 
 
 
Hari S:  
My question, Sir, regarding this Digicontent and Next Media, like going 
ahead, what is the strategy like amalgamating them?  
 
And second question is regarding this right-of-use assets and lease 
liabilities have gone up. Can you throw some light on that, Sir? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. So, on the first question, let me just try to give you an answer, and 
then I'll request my colleague to answer the second part of your question.  
 
The Digicontent and Next Media you said, that is a scheme that we had 
put forward to the NCLT and to the Shareholders. As you are aware that, 
in the current form and fashion, it had not gone ahead because we had to 
secure the majority of the minority approval, which we could not. So, we 
are looking at other ways and means to simplify our holding structure of 
various businesses. Right now, it's still a WIP. There's nothing concrete on 
the table. Once there is, we will bring it back to the Shareholders.  
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
I would now request my colleague, Anna, to take the right-of-use and 
lease assets question. 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. Some of our properties that we use for office premises is on a longer-
term contract. Therefore, under IndAS, it gets classified as right-of-use 
assets. These assets had come up for renewal this year, and we have 
renewed it for the same tenure that we typically have. And therefore, there 
is an increase here, but there is a corresponding number in the lease 
liabilities also. So, net-net, it is not a significant number. It is just that 
under the accounting standards, we have to record it as such. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So, Hari, the point is at a PBT level, that's neutral, but accounting 
standards ask you to classify that across two lines. 
 
 
Hari S:  
Ok. Sir, one more question, Sir. Like, is there any plan of taking the 
market share from these news aggregators because they are getting the 
lion's share of ad revenue? Is there any plan? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Hari, that strictly is not this Company's question, but let me try to answer 
that at a high level. The news aggregators are primarily working in the 
digital side. Our Digital company, which is DCL, which is parallel to HT 
Media, is putting a lot of plans into action. Whereby, we can serve more 
effectively news to our readers and consumers in a more cost-effective 
manner. Those strategies are being worked out, and you've seen the last 
year's growth. So that strategy will keep on unfolding at the DCL level. 
 
 
Hari S: 
 Ok Sir. Thank you very much. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Joshi. 
 
 
Sameer Joshi:  
Hello can you hear me? 
 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes, we can hear you. Can you hear us? 
 
 
Sameer Joshi: 
Yes. I can hear you. I have two questions. Like, why doesn't Company 
publish the readership or readership count of publications along with news 
price trends quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year?  
 
And second thing, in order to increase Advertising revenue as well as 
Subscription revenue, is the Company thinking of out-of-box thinking like 
encouraging digital subscription so that there is no cost on newsprint but 
only advertising gets more remunerative? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Great questions, Sameer. So actually, there are 3 questions. One is on the 
readership trend. The second is on the newsprint price trend and third on 
the Ad revenue. So, let me take them in the same order.  
 
On the readership, Sameer, the readership numbers are audited and 
published by independent agency IRS and that data is, I think, publicly 
published once they've finished their survey and I believe that survey is 
going to happen in the next 6 to 9 months. So once that data will be done, 
it will be published. We, as a Company, or any other company does not 
independently put their readership number, but a third-party audits and 
then puts that number. So, once it is there, you can pick it up from the IRS 
website.  
 
The second point that you asked for was on the newsprint price trends. 
Now, again newsprint price trends are captured by an independent agency 
called RISI. And RISI basically puts out a forward forecast for the 
newsprint price trends across various markets in the world, including 
India and Singapore and Hong Kong and so on and so forth. Now those 
are the price trends that we consider while taking our procurement 
decision, and those are also available on the RISI website, and you can 
pick that up.  
 
The third thing that you asked on out of box thinking on getting Ad 
revenue. What I would like to tell you is there are multiple digital ways in 
which we are approaching or recruiting our readers or future subscribers, 
including giving them very smart schemes and the latest scheme being 
that we are bundling with the digital offering that we have, which is called 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
OTTPlay, which is an aggregator of various OTT platforms. Like, Netflix 
is an OTT platform. Amazon Prime is an OTT platform. Disney is another 
OTT platform. Voot, Sony and so on and so forth. So, we are bundling 
with that so that it becomes much more exciting for our future readers, 
consumers of our news or various other propositions that we have.  
 
So, we are already doing that. And can we do more? Of course, we can do 
more, but we are perpetually thinking how to take our proposition much 
more smartly to our readers and consumers, and we are at it. So, I hope I 
have answered your questions. 
 
 
Sameer Joshi:  
Yes. But the only question is, does consumer know about these things? 
Like, that is the main question. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Now that you've highlighted, I've taken a note of that. Let me ask our 
marketing department as to what should be the better go-to-market 
strategy in terms of taking this proposition to our readers so that they are 
aware of this thing and are just not waiting for their vendors to tell them 
what schemes are available, but they can basically do a search on Google 
and find it out themselves. 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
The only thing I would like to add is that while our circulation copies in 
Print had taken a substantial hit during lockdowns, it's been growing. And 
therefore, even the Print Circulation revenue, we are continuing to report 
growth. So yes, while we are also looking at all these additional 
opportunities, the core is also growing and coming back to the  
pre-COVID levels. 
 
 
Sameer Joshi:  
Ok, thanks. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Smiran Bhandari. 
 
 
Smiran Bhandari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is regarding the Net Cash of 
INR 811 crores. How much of it belongs to HT Media? And how much of 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
it belongs to HMVL? Can you give me the segregation? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. HMVL is about INR 1,100 crores of cash in that, and the rest of the 
companies will be at a net debt position. 
 
  
Smiran Bhandari:  
Okay. And secondly, about HMVL. There is around INR 31 crores of  
un-allocated expenses. So, does that belong to HT Labs startups? 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. Partially, yes. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. Partially, yes. 
 
 
Smiran Bhandari:  
So, now what I'm observing is that HT Labs startups that is the new-age 
startups are combined with the legacy vernacular business. So how much 
of it does that make sense? Does it make any sense at all? Because these 
will have different cost structures, different expenses. So, any Shareholder 
will look at it, and they won't understand. They'll see this INR 30 crores, 
and they'll imagine it to be the loss of HMVL newspaper business. So, 
shouldn't HT Labs be a wholly owned subsidiary? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Look, Mr. Bandari, I think the whole point is you're absolutely right. Once 
those business scale to a certain level, of course, from a Shareholder point 
of view, you can always restructure and take that proposition separate to 
the market. But as my colleague just highlighted to you, most of the cash 
is sitting here, and you really don't want to create a complicated structure, 
whereby cash is being sent here and there. So right now, all these 
incubations, which are happening, we are waiting for them to scale up 
before we make them a separate proposition. Once they're scaled up, can 
definitely have them separately viewed, and we can do multiple things at 
that point in time. But it's too early at this point in time. 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Sorry, and just to add. We've constantly talked about the fact that we're 
keeping cash to diversify into new business streams and adjacencies that 
might not be exactly similar businesses but adjacencies where we believe 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
we have the right to kind of build a diversified business. We will want to 
invest and continue to invest, and that's what we have consistently told the 
market as well. 
 
 
Smiran Bhandari:  
So, nothing against the strategy. I mean it's a good way to utilize your 
cash reserve. At least it's a plan. Having a plan is better than having no 
plan. My point is just regarding disclosure norms, it is quite material. You 
cannot just say it's at an initial stage because the INR 30 crores, that's the 
loss of HMVL. And INR 31 crores is probably, I'm just presuming under 
segment revenues, that's the startup burn. So already, it is at a very 
material level. So, combining it with your newspaper business, which is 
under standalone, it should come under consolidated so that we can have a 
better understanding of what the newspaper business is doing and what 
HT Labs is doing, under separate tabs. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. So, look Mr. Bhandari, I think we've never shied away from giving 
over disclosures. I think that's a great point that you make. But as I said, 
it's just about a two quarter old business, and it's still scaling up. We are 
still bringing in people, building up the capabilities, and hence, we have 
not taken it as a separate segment. I think suffice to say that we will again 
take a litmus test on that. And if required, we can always do over 
disclosure because right now, legally, whatever is required, we're 
absolutely doing. But I think from a more transparency point of view, as 
you rightly said, if it is required, we can look at creating another separate 
segment and have that conversation with the auditors as well. 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
And just to add, it's just not one business. It's a couple of businesses which 
are getting explored under the entire Labs portfolio. So as and when the 
business model is established for any one of them and the revenue 
monetization, etc., kicks in, it will get reported as a separate segment. 
Labs is encompassing quite a few experiments, so to speak. 
 
 
Smiran Bhandari:  
Yes, sure. Just like to add as a finishing point that please disclose more 
about HT Labs from next quarter onwards so that the Shareholders have 
an idea of where things are going. 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Got it, thank you for that comment. 
 
 
Smiran Bhandari:  
Thank you, thank you so much. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta.   
 
 
Riya Mehta:  
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. I would like to ask a question 
regarding advertisement. So how are we seeing the regional 
advertisement? So, I understand that English and regional have different 
demographics. So how are we seeing any region? Specifically, in Bihar, 
how do we see it panning out? Since as I was speaking to a couple of 
advertisers, so you're seeing good kind of growth. However, the major 
Auto is not being reflected much. So, what's your opinion on the same? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So Riya, as you rightly said, I mean, separate set of advertisers for local 
advertising, separate set of advertisers for national advertising. If you talk 
about markets like Bihar, UP, that's what we saw through the Hindustan, 
which is our Hindi language daily. What we have seen is clearly that, that 
particular segment of advertisers, the volumes have come back to a pre-
COVID level. But pricing is still something that we are still waiting for 
that, but the volumes have definitely come back in the local advertising. 
 
 
Riya Mehta:  
And in local, what segment do we see that advertisement coming up 
from? 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. Mostly across segments, we are seeing growth on a y-o-y. A few 
sectors is what is impacted. FMCG is a little down, but otherwise, 
Banking and Finance, Education, Retail or even Auto, to some extent, is 
better than last quarter and so is Real Estate. 
 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
Riya Mehta:  
And how has the festive season panned out for us, mainly the Diwali 
period, October month? 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
We would not like to comment on it at this point of time. I mean, I think 
we will, in the next quarter, address the question. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Look I think at a high level, Riya, I think it was good. Could have been 
better, but I think the big problem of volumes coming back without 
pricing still remains and along with the escalating newsprint situation is 
not very good. 
 
 
Riya Mehta:  
How is competition panning out in the regional space for us in the 
advertisement segment? Like, why are we unable to increase the 
advertisement yield? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Look, I think the problem in yield is about the market competition. So, in 
markets where we have a good competitive position, we've been able to 
work on our yields. Where our competition has good market position, they 
have been able to work on their yields. But suffice to say, if you look at 
the index to a pre-COVID level, at the average level across markets, 
yields are still not back to the pre-COVID level, either for us or for 
competition. What you see in competition results and really both the 
competitors have already disclosed their results because they are a pure-
play Hindi player, and some amount of political revenue is also sitting in 
one of the players. So, you see certain variance in numbers. But as far as 
pricing is concerned, my comment still holds that pricing is still not on an 
index level higher than the pre-COVID level for everyone, and everyone 
is working now that the volumes are back. Maybe the demand-supply 
equation will help take the pricing up from here on. 
 
 
Riya Mehta:  
So, volumes are back to pre-COVID levels for us? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And what are we doing for the competition? Are we reducing our 
cover prices with the newspaper print prices going down? 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Dear participant, sorry to interrupt.  May we request you to please fall 
back in queue for further follow-up questions. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
I will take this question and then will move to the next. Look Riya, it 
doesn't work exactly like that because when the prices go up, we are 
unable to pass on the total price increase to the readers any which ways. 
So, it's not possible to reduce like a commodity price. Even in Hindi 
where we recover more than English, we don't manage to recover even 
50% of the newsprint cost at these elevated levels. So, I don't think that’s 
the intent. 
 
 
Riya Mehta:  
Thank you, thank you so much for this opportunity. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Pathak. 
 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Piyush, Anna, season’s greetings. Can you hear me? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. I can hear. We can absolutely hear you, Mehul. Hope you are doing 
well. Season’s greetings to you as well. 
 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Belated Diwali wishes, I am doing well, thank you. Actually, my question 
is not more related to this quarter but a larger question. I actually was just 
looking at DB Corp., Jagran Prakashan and our performance from  
2018-19. FY18 and FY19, all three of us had more than 10% net profit 
margins. So, there was not much to choose between each company in 
terms of profitability to sales.  
 
We fell sharply during the COVID time, made losses. These other 2 
companies also fell, but they did not make losses. Now they are back. Of 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
course, they are also hit by newsprint prices. But even now, their net 
profit margins are about 10%. Even today, when I say you look at even 
the quarterly performances, they are showing that.  
 
Now when it comes to capital employed, if you see DB Corp. uses largely 
around INR 2,000 crores to make about INR 150 crores a year. Jagran 
Prakashan used about INR 2,200 crores, and they make INR 200 crores 
plus. Now along with Hindustan (HMVL), we used close to INR 4,500 
crores to INR 5,000 crores a year, and we still make losses.  
 
So, can you share some perspective on actually where we are going and 
what net profit margins we can expect in future? Will we be competing 
with the other two? I'm not saying that the businesses are actually same, 
but at least HMVL should reflect what DB Corp. and the others are doing. 
So, if you can share some larger picture, in terms of where we are moving. 
And will we match these people in performance? Or will we keep 
guzzling capital and deliver far lesser? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So Mehul, just for my understanding, this INR 4,500 crores, where did 
you get that number from? 
 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
No, I'm just taking some top line numbers. For example, HMVL today has 
a net worth of -- when I look at March 2022 -- or even current numbers, 
the current balance sheet, they have INR 1,502 crores of net worth and 
total debt of INR 278 crores. If you look at HT Media, we have INR 2,083 
crores net worth on March 2022 and total debt of around INR 800 crores.  
 
So, I'm saying that roughly when I see HT Media, I'm not reducing cash 
and doing some accounting calculation. I'm just saying that in our 
business, we have today, as on March 2022, INR 2,800 crores. And when 
you look at HMVL, HMVL has about INR 1,800 crores. So, all this 
capital that we are using in the business, we are using significantly more 
capital than all the other companies. There is no comparison at all. But 
when I look at the numbers they deliver, even their numbers are pathetic 
for the capital that they are using. But we are nowhere even compared to a 
poor performance of DB Corp. and Jagran Prakashan. We are not even 
that level of performance.  
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
Now by when my question is that, are we looking at these numbers? Do 
you have some perspective to share? What are they doing differently? 
When will we match at least their level of performance? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. So Mehul, thanks, I think, for that comment and that question. So, a 
couple of things. So, I think, first of all, you should look at the overall 
number of HT Media and HMVL and compare the return. I think if you 
want to do HMVL, we can do HMVL. We can do HT Media separately. 
Having said that, one thing that you know as well as I do is that most of 
the legacy print media business, I don't think they are turning out the 
RoCE of 20-25% at this point in time, given a lot of migration to digital 
media, which is a long-term trend, our short-term trends being suddenly 
the newsprint prices goes up and then come down and so on and so forth. 
However, what we have done very prudently, and I think you'll appreciate 
that at a certain level, you might hate us for that or you might love us for 
that, but the reality is that at least we are trying new things like the 
gentleman before you was talking about HT Labs. We are at least trying 
new initiatives where we can really lever up the RoCE by participating in 
these new-age businesses, which can cull out a better RoCE.  
 
So, at this point in time, I really don't want to explain the difference of 
RoCE between 4% to 15% on a walk that is saying that there's an 
operating leverage because they have double the size of the business, and 
hence, they can use their machines much better. But the reality is, even if 
we do 15%, your comment is that it is close to pathetic. So, I think if 
something has to do way, I think, what I take solace at this point in time is 
that we are not sleeping at the wheel, right? We are experimenting new 
things. Maybe one of these things will flip. HT Labs is a new incubation, 
whereby at least we are trying 6 or 7 new things. Hopefully, with a very 
clear hope and intent, and we are working towards it, that a couple of 
those will work and become scalable business because only through those 
initiatives will we be able to jack up the RoCE from where it is currently.  
 
The short term, I mean the simple way to explain our negative versus 
theirs is the operating leverage for a business of double the size. And the 
market position, which is much better in a much richer market like, let's 
say, UP versus our Bihar, obviously, they'll get that operating leverage. 
But we are experimenting with new products, which will help us create a 
sustainable business, which will jack up the RoCE. I think that's broadly 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
what I can say but happy to hear any thoughts you have because we are 
consistently looking at new strategies to jack up for the Shareholders, but 
that's what we have. But if you've got any thoughts now or later, I think 
we can always chat about that. 
 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
No, actually, I have about 2-3 thoughts, Piyush. One is that we have not 
been delivering a good RoCE for a fairly long time. Now the Management 
firmly believes that it is a better deployer of capital than the Shareholder 
will be if the money is in his hands. So, either give back the money to the 
Shareholders, reduce the denominator so that the RoCE will improve. 
That is one.  
 
Second is that even in the AGM and in the past, you always make this 
comment that we cannot comment on what the market prices is of our 
stock and we will not comment on that. But if you see the same market is 
at least rewarding Jagran Prakashan and DB Corp. by quoting them at 
book value and above. DB Corp. is quoting above book value. So, the 
market is punishing us very badly. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:   
Mehul, if I may just -- sorry to interject here. But as an investor and as a 
very seasoned investor that you are, I hope you'll agree with me that a 
stock quoting at book value, of course, Warren Buffet and Charlie Munger 
can say that. But you won't basically go into that because I'm not talking 
about the new-age companies, but at least a 2x to book or 2.5 or 3x to 
book is something that most growth companies are doing.  
 
So, really my point is, of course, we are trading below the book. But our 
hope and expectation is that by getting some great businesses within the 
outfit by utilizing the resources that we have; can we create sustainable 
value for all shareholders, majority and minority. Because look, I mean 
we can always argue if we can't do anything, then return the cash. And 
I've always said in the AGM and I repeat again, I mean at the expense of 
sounding like a broken record, those conversations have happened and 
will happen. But think about it, if the switch flips on one of these new 
initiatives, I think we can trade much above the book value, isn't it? 
 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Yes, but Piyush, my point was that…   

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Dear participant, sorry to interrupt. May we request you to fall back in 
queue for further follow-up questions.  
 
 
Mehul Pathak:   
Sure. I was just responding to what Piyush was saying. I have no new 
perspective to add. Any glide path you can give Piyush? Next 5 years on 
where do you see from now? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
I think Mehul, 5 years is too much of a pie in the sky. I think what we 
need to do is and I am planning to come down. I think we should sit down 
for a cup of coffee and exchange notes on these. Because, look, really, we 
are pretty much open to suggestions and I can fill you in on various 
initiatives that the Company is doing. But if there are fresh suggestions, 
which we might have missed, happy to take them on board, so let’s carry 
on this conversation then. 
 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Ok, thanks Piyush, thanks Anna. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranga Prasad. 
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Yes, can you hear me? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes, we can Ranga, good afternoon. 
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Good afternoon. My question relates to our shifting to the new tax regime. 
By shifting we have given up substantial amount of tax assets. Now was 
our shift prompted by the fact that we are not profitable and will not be 
able to use tax credits in the foreseeable future? Or do you see any other 
advantages that are coming to you by the shift? 
 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. That's a great question. Ranga, we have given up our tax asset, which 
is the MAT that we have taken, but we still have substantial carried 
forward business losses. So, in various scenarios that we have plotted out, 
even when we become profitable, there are enough and more to carry 
forward losses that we can utilize to set up our business gains going 
forward. And hence, there was no point of being cash out on a MAT basis 
at this point in time. There is a way by shifting to a non-MAT regime and 
paying a lower marginal tax rate of 25% as against the 34.95%. And that's 
the reason we have given up the MAT assets. But suffice to say, we've 
still got substantial carryforward losses, which can be used against the 
future profits. 
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Ok, thank you. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:    
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Joshi. 
 
 
Sameer Joshi:  
Thanks for giving me another opportunity. I have question. Like, 
company has so much cash in its book. So why doesn't it segregate into 
required cash for business and which is not required and which can be 
distributed to shareholders in form of dividends and buyback, just like 
how Jagran Prakashan has been doing? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Mr. Joshi, look, most of the cash is sitting in HMVL. The single biggest 
shareholder of HMVL, of course, is HTML, so most of the cash that we 
give, about 60%+, will come back to HTML itself. However, the bigger 
point being what I was discussing with an earlier participant, that the 
Company, at this point in time, believes that the Company can put this 
cash to a better use to create long-term sustainable value for the 
Shareholders.  
 
As far as the immediate cash is required, as you can see from the last, I 
would say, about six quarters, we have seen very clearly either because of 
the pandemic or because of the escalated commodity newsprint cycle, a 
substantial amount of cash goes or gets locked in the working capital for a 
sustained long period of time. And hence, INR 300-400 crores in any case 
at any given point in time is what we call the safety cash, which is 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
required for the normal running of the business. Beyond that, from 800, if 
you take that 400, there's another 400, not that we are utilizing all of that, 
but we have a definite call or a line of sight to use some part of that to try 
and create these sustainable businesses.  
 
So really, the dividend question is something that has been debated, not 
just here but also in the Shareholders' meeting and the Board level. And 
that will keep on being debated, but I just wanted to paint a picture of how 
the cash is being seen from a value creation and from a margin of safety 
perspective. 
 
 
Sameer Joshi:  
Ok. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hari S. 
 
 
Hari S: 
Hello Sir, once again. A suggestion regarding any plans of launching a 
YouTube or app-based news channel because there won't be any carriage 
fees for these things. Is there any plan on the things, Sir? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. Look, Hari, again, I'll go back to my point that yes, of course, we've 
got certain plans, but most of those plans are working out in our digital 
company, which is DCL, Digicontent Limited. And we evaluate 
everything various channels, including YouTube also. But most of those 
things are not happening either in HTML or HMVL. 
 
 
Hari S:  
Ok. Thank you very much. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you. 
 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dharmesh Sanghoi. 
 
 
Dharmesh Sanghoi: 
 Hi Piyush.  
 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
 Hi Dharmesh. 
 
 
Dharmesh Sanghoi:  
So my question is with regards to the staff benefits expense that we are 
seeing, employee benefits expense. It seems that it has gone down from 
INR 106 crores to INR 96 crores. So, is it the new base that we're seeing? 
Or I mean what is the reason behind the same? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. So Dharmesh, let me just answer. And then I'll request my colleague, 
Anna, to give you some more detail if required.  
 
So Dharmesh , if you've been following our journey on this line, I think 
even before the start of pandemic, when we were seeing that the revenue 
is very tough to come by, we've been in a certain mode of rationalizing as 
much as possible, so much so that for the last two years, I mean, this year, 
we gave a staff increment after two years, and we had done a few exercise 
to rationalize some people. We had also brought down salary for most of 
the staff people. But having said that, the staff expenses sitting in the INR 
96 crores might be some one-off adjustment of INR 3-4 crores. But the 
fact is the staff expenses has come down to a much lower level and 
stabilized there. But however, you need to understand there are some 
incubations like HT Labs, etc. that we are doing for which we require 
some incremental staff, which is getting costed into these lines.  
 
I'll stop there and request Anna to kind of share her thoughts also on this. 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. You are referring to the sequential number and not the y-o-y number, 
I assume, because on y-o-y there's a slight rise.  
 
 
Dharmesh Sanghoi: 
Yes, right the sequential number. 
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Yes, the sequential number, there is some amount of regular savings. But 
yes, there is a one-time reversal of some variable payout, of the earlier 
years, which we have decided not to pay as well. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. And Dharmesh, there are variables sitting across most of the 
Organization, depending on the results of the outcome. Those variable 
monies are either paid or not paid. And once they're not paid, when you 
true up the balance sheet and the P&L, those numbers are written back to 
the P&L. 
 
 
Dharmesh Sanghoi:  
Sure. So can we take INR 96 crores as the base going forward as well?  
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
I don't think so. I think it should be closer to INR 106 crores, if I'm not 
mistaken, Anna? 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
 Yes. You should take INR 104 crore kind of number. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
 Yes, INR 106 crore, I would say, the last sequential quarter. 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
 Yes. Ok. 
 
 
Dharmesh Sanghoi: 
Ok. Yes, that’s about it. Thank you. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thanks, Dharmesh. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. If you 
have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
Our contact details are given in the investor presentation and are also 
mentioned on our websites.  
 

                             
      November 7, 2022 
 
 
 
 
24 
 
I now hand over to Piyush for closing remarks. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thanks, Aaditya, and thanks, everyone, for participating in our call. 
Season’s greetings once again, and thank you for staying tuned into your 
Company, Company's performance and sharing all your suggestions. As 
Aaditya said, if there are more suggestions, we are absolutely open to 
those suggestions. As I said, and I repeat again, I mean the Company 
keeps on trying new business models because, all said and done, the 
reality is this is a very fast-evolving business model that the Company 
has. And really, we are trying to discover new frontiers to get sustainable 
value. But thank you so much, season’s greetings and stay safe and 
healthy. Thank you. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings.  
 
