 
Cyient Ltd.        4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software                             CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
                            Units Layout, Madhapur                                        www.cyient.com 
                            Hyderabad -500 081                                               Company.secretary@cyient.com 
                            India                                                                           T +91 40 6764 1000  
                                                                                                                F +91 40 2311 0352 
 
 
16 November 2022 
 
The BSE Limited                                                                    The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd                            
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
 
 
 
          Exchange Plaza,                                                                         
Dalal Street   
 
 
 
 
          Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                                         
Mumbai 400001. 
 
 
 
          Mumbai-400 051.  
Scrip Code: 532175 
 
 
 
          Scrip Code: CYIENT 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the earnings conference call  
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q2 FY23 earnings conference call.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
For Cyient Limited 
 
 
Ravi Kumar Nukala 
Dy. Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Cyient Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 13, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. AJAY AGGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. KARTHIK NATARAJAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – CYIENT LIMITED 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome the Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call of 
Cyient Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
anyone who wishes to ask a question may enter “*” and “1” on the touchtone telephone. To 
remove yourself from the queue please enter “*” and “2”. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu –MD and CEO. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much and good evening ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Cyient 
Limited’s earnings call for the Q2 FY2023. I am Krishna Bodanapu, Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer. Present with me on this call are Mr. Ajay Aggarwal, Executive 
Director and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Karthik Natarajan, Executive Director and 
Chief Operating Officer. 
 
Before I begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available in our investor update, which has been mailed 
to you and is also posted on our corporate website. This call will be accompanied with 
earnings called presentation. The details of the same have also already been shared with 
you. 
 
Before I start the highlights for this quarter may I take a minute to brief you on the 
exceptional items. A lot has gone on this quarter, very good things and therefore before we 
start looking at the accounts and the numbers, I just wanted to give you a bit of context of 
how this all stacks up and how we should be looking at these numbers. So before the 
numbers I just want to give you the context. 
 
On M&A, on acquisitions, all four acquisitions have been concluded in Q2 and the 
integration is progressing quite well. I am quite pleased with how the integration is 
progressing. All M&A’s are accretive at an EBITDA level, we will show you the detailed 
numbers in a bit and on an annualized basis, we are expecting that this will add about a 
$150 million to our revenue. Given that the deals have happened and the consolidation 
starts at various points of time as we talk about the future and the guidance, we will also 
give you a little bit more insight into how it will all pan out. 
 
As you know the Board and as we have made this announcement a few weeks ago that the 
Board of Cyient met and has agreed that the global electronic manufacturing business that 
we have which is Cyient DLM must be restructured in a different manner. We believe that 
there are a number of excellent things that are happening in that business right now. The 
acceleration of technologies like IoT and AI and ML is driving the trillion dollar market for 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 21 
electronics in the very near future, so that is a huge opportunity for us. Then there is about 
China plus one strategy of companies, companies are looking at actively engaging with 
non-Chinese EMS players and this has significantly increased the attractiveness of India as 
a market. India’s share is expected to increase from 1% to 8% adding $50 billion per year in 
the next five years. And of course the push from the government of India for making India 
on AatmaNirbhar Bharat in putting a lot of opportunity in place for electronics that are 
made in India. With the focus on high complex low volume electronics, we believe we have 
an excellent niche, but also I want to say that there are significant synergies between the 
Cyient core services business and the DLM business, a common set of clients, a lot of 
engineering content to the type of manufacturing that we do and the whole build to spec 
strategy and therefore we still want to maintain a link with the business because there is a 
fair degree of commonality. Having said that and looking at the enormous potential to 
maximize shareholder value, the Board has approved the formation of a subcommittee to 
look at all the options. We understand that in the current shareholding of Cyient that is the 
services part of Cyient, DLM might not be the best fit based on how some of the economics 
of that business work, some of the revenue flows of that business work, and margins of that 
business work. So we believe it is best to have a structure wherein it is an independent 
business with of course a tight coupling with Cyient because of the reasons that I talked 
about. Therefore, the key options that are being considered are an IPO, a partnership with 
the strategic investor or potentially a spin-off. We are looking at all these options and the 
choice will be made by the subcommittee based on the management's recommendations, of 
course keeping the best interests of our shareholders in mind. We are very excited about this 
spin-off because it unleverages a lot of potential both in terms of value for Cyient, but also 
for DLM because that business has a significant opportunity to accelerate it. When Karthik 
gives you the business update he will also talk about the order intake and the order book, 
which means that for us to execute that potential we will need capital, we will need 
flexibility, and we do not want to skew the Cyient financials because of the DLM business. 
 
Most if not all of the wage hikes are planned for the year is done. We would not have any 
material headwind for the rest of the year because of wage hikes. 
 
During the previous quarter we said a class action lawsuit was filed in a US District Court 
against one of Cyient’s subsidiary. We are fighting this vigorously, I want to reiterate that 
we are very confident in what we have done and we have got an advice that we have a very 
strong case and therefore we are going after it with all vigor and with all our resources. We 
have also accelerated the discovery process as it is called wherein the filing of all the data 
and filing of all the information takes place. Therefore this quarter we had an exceptional 
item in terms of the cost that we incurred on this lawsuit, it will continue for a few quarters, 
but not at this level because this quarter we accelerated some of the discovery pace which 
has led to a little bit of higher cost than what we would have normally anticipated. 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
Therefore now coming to the highlights and I will take you for the highlights of the quarter. 
In Q2 FY2023 we posted revenue of $174.8 million which is a year-on-year growth of 
20.4% in constant currency, which would be 16.4% in US dollars and Q-on-Q growth of 
10% in constant currency or 8.2% in US dollars. In rupee terms, we posted a quarterly 
revenue of 1,396 Crores, this signifies a growth of 25.6% year-on-year or 11.7% quarter-on-
quarter. The services revenue stood at $151.1 million which is a year-on-year growth of 
25.8% in constant currency 21.3% in USD and a Q-on-Q growth of 12.3% in constant 
currency or 10.2% in USD. Service revenue growth without acquisition is 11.5% year-on-
year in constant currency or 3% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency. The DLM revenue 
stood at 23.7 million, which was a degrowth of 7.3% year-on-year or a degrowth of 3.3% 
quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Normalized group EBITDA, and I want to quickly highlight why we are also talking about 
EBITDA because of the acquisitions and the nature of how amortization works in the 
acquisition, EBIT will be skewed for a little bit, it will be skewed for about a quarter or so 
because amortization is coming in, but the full impact of the acquisitions are not coming in 
and therefore we also want to give you a sense of EBITDA to give you a sense of where the 
margins of the acquired entities and Cyient lie. As we thought EBITDA was a good 
reflection of that, of course we will obviously talk about EBIT also in a minute, but the 
normalized group EBITDA margin excluding the impact of one-off M&A costs and 
exceptional items stood at 16.4% up 84 bps quarter-on-quarter and down 226 bps year-on-
year. Normalized group EBIT margin stood excluding the impact of M&A and exceptional 
items was at 11.9% up 42 bps quarter-on-quarter down about 212 bps year-on-year. 
Normalized PAT was at 110 Crores, which was a degrowth of 5% quarter-on-quarter or 9% 
year-on-year. 
 
Ajay will take you through these numbers in a lot more details, but I want to say that as a 
core business, as the core services Cyient business, we are on track, we have delivered the 
numbers that we have been talking about, which Ajay will take you through in a little bit 
more detail. I just request you to bear with us on all these numbers and the presentation this 
time because of all the M&A that has happened and unfortunately the consolidation of each 
one of the targets kept happening during various points of the quarter and therefore we just 
have to make sure that we give it another quarter before the actual normalized and steady 
state numbers come through, but in the spirit of transparency of course we will take you 
through those numbers during the course of the rest of this call. 
 
The Board also approved an interim dividend of Rs.10 per share, which is in line with our 
philosophy and in our principle of giving back a certain amount of profit to the shareholders 
every year and doing it twice, once as an interim dividend in Q2 and of course the final 
dividend. 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
I also want to give you two highlights for the quarter. Cyient partnered with Honeywell to 
manufacture Anthem which is the first cloud-connected cockpit system, it is a very large 
deal, we also made a press release on this a few months ago, and we are delighted that we 
will be able to build this product which is the future of aviation and it is a multi-year deal 
for Cyient. A lot of it will go to Cyient DLM because there is a big manufacturing 
component, but there is also a lot of engineering that is associated with it. In a nutshell it is 
a platform that can be virtually modified for any type of aircraft, passenger, cargo, 
businesses jets, etc., and it is a platform that helps pilots much more effectively to fly 
planes. Again it is at a very high end technology and we are very proud that we will be able 
to do this for many years to come.  
                                           We are also thrilled to be recognized by ISG as a rising star in IoT, integrating our digital 
technology capabilities under INTELLICYIENT Suite of Solutions. This is really 
accelerating our client’s digital transformation and again Karthik will talk about some of the 
key initiatives and some of the key outcomes that have come because of the focus that we 
have put in the last two years with digital. 
 
With this, I would like to hand this call over to Ajay who will take you through the detailed 
financial performance for the quarter. Ajay over to you! 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Thank you so much, Krishna. Just to continue from where Krishna left, we feel very 
excited. We have created the new capabilities through these acquisitions, and we have 
talked about them as and when these acquisitions have happened and this really gives us 
really good growth engines for future. Second, I think in terms of the capital allocation, this 
is a significant improvement, which will show us our ability to grow the earnings at much 
higher rate. So I wanted to give confidence to all the investors and the analysts that we are 
very confident about these acquisitions being very accretive on the EPS side, very accretive 
on the EBITDA side and then for the EBIT side because of amortization once the synergy 
revenue start kicking in, we will also see that it is accretive at that level. So with that let me 
give you a flavor of the numbers. 
 
Krishna previously talked about one of the highest growth quarter-on-quarter 25.8% as we 
have seen the currency fluctuations, the right numbers to look at, are constant currency 
numbers 25.8% is year-on-year and 12.3% is quarter-on-quarter. We have also disclosed the 
numbers for services and DLM. DLM has a marginal de-growth of 3.3%, I would say that it 
is a cyclicality issue. We are improving on the supply side and you will see that we have 
one of the best ever pipeline and backlog of deals. I mean, you see that growth continuing 
and with two I think the group growth is at 20.4%. If you see in terms of the services 
growth if I exclude the acquisitions and DLM we have grown at about 3% there also I think 
we have been prudent to make sure that we have some provisioning around as per the policy 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 21 
of accounting. So, if you look at that including that it will be more like 3.5%, so I want to 
assure you the good momentum on the core business and it is same as including DLM and 
acquisitions will further act. As far as this year is concerned as you know we have added in 
this quarter one month of Citec and two months of Celfinet and we add all of them for this 
year itself we will have 14% to 15% revenue growth. We will talk about the outlook, we 
will also tell you how it will be going forward. It is a well-rounded growth, if you see the 
chart below I would only like to call out when you look at the growth some of this is 
impacted by the margin, but the exchange rates, but if you look at 20% EMEA adjusted for 
currency is 34%, Asia Pacific is about 11% adjusted for the currency so I think it is a good 
growth across the geography. Some of the EMEA growth of course this also fused by the 
addition of the acquisitions which are based in Europe the two of them. 
 
In terms of the hedge book again as we spoke in the last call we continue to be on the same 
policy it is working well for us. This is our total hedge book it is about $150 million a 12 
month forward and little bit of about 20% of net inflows for the next 12 months thereafter 
and that builds up to $150 or $156 million in constant currency. You will see this is a 
quarter-on-quarter dip, but do not read too much into it that is just because of the currency 
fluctuations and except INR to Dollar in all the currencies we have a nice gain and our 
forward covers what it means we will see when you look at our other income we have made 
a positive other income because of our hedge book position. Also, for the next four quarters 
what we are looking at is about $3.5 million of gain at the current rates which are also 
mentioned on this particular chart. So as they have been saying that unless there is a huge 
catastrophic event we feel that our EPS is nicely protected for the next 12 months forward 
from the currency perspective. 
 
In terms of income statement I think I would like to say that if I may just go to the next 
slide first and I will come back to this. Krishna talked about that we have two one-offs in 
this quarter, one is we have this exceptional item where we had the legal fee that was 
incurred in Q2 which is about 1.8% impact and we have disclosed the value also here and 
another one is when we have done these acquisitions we have one-time acquisition related 
expenses they are purely for acquisition, they are not integration related which are in the 
P&L which are separately there in the margin which is there so we are only calling out only 
relating to the acquisition of the target and that is about 1.7% so if you take these two, one 
we are calling is exceptional items and another one is one-off which is not likely to repeat 
then we have restated our numbers to show for each of the line items that what is our 
reported EBIT, what is our normalized EBIT same for the percentages and we also reported 
the PAT and the normalized PAT so with this background if you go back to that earlier 
slide and explain so I think the headline number that I would like you to see is that for the 
core we have improved our margin at about 112 basis points you will see we did have 
headwind of about 1.5% because of the wage hike that happened in this particular quarter. 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 21 
As Krishna mentioned in the beginning, most of our wage hikes is over now I would say 
90% plus of the wage hike is over and we have been able to offset that by improvement in 
offshoring, there has been pricing increase there has been focus on improved offshoring and 
we have also got some other benefits out of automation other initiatives. So it is very nice 
that within the quarter we have been able to offset whatever was the wage hike we did get 
some other benefits in terms of volume absorption a little bit on currency but they have 
been plus and minus. Overall I think from the operational efficiencies we have been able to 
take care of the wage hike, we will continue to work very hard to make sure that we are 
working on each of these levers to give a quarter-on-quarter improvement in terms of our 
margin. DLM also has done marginally better, they have given 8.3% margin in DLM which 
is up by about 410 bps and you will see that we have good traction in DLM in the coming 
quarters as well. Finally, I would say the normalized PAT is what you should look at if you 
exclude one exceptional item for the legal fee and one one-off expenses purely for M&A in 
terms of acquiring these entities. Our normalized PAT is stated here which is the number 
Rs. 1,103 million what Krishna already talked about and which is at about 7.9%. I would 
say this is how we have tried our best to explain to you. There is an annexure, which also 
gives you very clear understanding of where the margin has increased and where the 
tailwind and headwind has been on the margin. Only one more thing I would like to 
highlight what Krishna mentioned if you look at EBITDA level I think we are doing very 
well. Most of these acquisitions are at companies level of EBITDA however, there are two 
aspects one is depreciation amortization. For the standalone entities before they were 
acquired which hits the bit and second is the D&A that hits because of the investment that 
sit in the Cyient balance sheet so they have been provided for but I just want to call out that 
those cases built on the synergy revenues so I would request for some time let us look at the 
EBITDA we will disclose that EBIT level also so 70 bps is the dilution in terms of the 
acquisition. This is mainly on account of that dilution in terms of the amortization of the 
assets that we have created on the balance sheet and also this has some impact of the 
integration costs that we will incur. We had planned about 3% of integration cost in this 
period. So this is the summary in terms of how to read the profit and the margins. Thank 
you for your patience and we would be happy to take any question. Last thing on the cash 
generation I would say that in our free cash flow what we have generated during the quarter 
and the DSO you will find there is an improvement. We are moving to getting back to 50% 
plus free cash flow generation this quarter it is 35% if you take the one-off it is much higher 
than that. We are working on all elements of free cash flow including the days receivables. 
We feel there is the potential to further bring it down and get back to the levels of free cash 
flow that we have generated in the past. With this I will hand over to Karthik to talk about 
the business performance. 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Thank you Ajay. Good day everyone, hope all of you are enjoying your festive season and 
following on what Krishna and Ajay talked about and I am trying to deep dive a little more 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 21 
on our business performance and I would say all in all it is a great execution that we have 
been able to bring in for the Q2 FY23 and if you just look at from ARC which is Aerospace, 
Rail and Communications and we have seen a growth of 0.9% in constant currency quarter-
on-quarter. This growth is led by aerospace and followed by communications and rail 
transportation continues to see a challenge like we talked about earlier. The good news is 
communication has definitely grown by 25% year-on-year in constant currency and the 
aerospace is getting close to the double-digit growth for the year.  
                                            From the mining energy and utilities, I think this is the new configuration we talked about 
in the last quarter and we have seen a growth of 3.9% in constant currency and year-on-year 
there is a slight dip. It is likely to see a positive growth for the full year and I will talk about 
it in the next few slides.  
                                            The new growth areas which is essentially the medical devices, semiconductors, automotive 
and hi-tech I think they are definitely ramping up very well with 9% constant currency 
growth and 33% year-on-year growth and all in all leading to 3% growth in constant 
currency and at 11.5% year-on-year (services organic). Also to provide a color if you look 
at we have had the highest billed hours in Q2 and in terms of volume and which has grown 
at 6.8% quarter-on-quarter most of this growth happened in offshore and that is the reason 
why you are seeing the revenue growth at 3% and which is also shown in terms of our profit 
margin improvement and we also include our offshore mix and the utilization which 
improved by 370 bps and help to counter the headwinds of about 150 basis point of wage 
hike that Ajay talked about. So the EBIT for services improved by 112 bps and that really 
has been achieved through a lot of efficiency improvements that we had been able to bring 
in, this quarter. Services overall including acquisitions and we have grown at 12.3% 
quarter-on-quarter and 25.8% year-on-year in constant currency. At the group level 10% 
quarter-on-quarter and 20.4% on a year-on-year level. If you look at the order intake, I think 
this is definitely one of the highest order intakes that we had for the group over the last four 
years and which is about $247 million. The services has grown by 5.6% in dollar terms. If 
you look at in constant currency that has grown by 13% and DLM, Krishna talked about 
which has grown by 253%. I think we are definitely building a nice order book as far as 
DLM is concerned and we continue to see the traction in this business and we have talked 
about some of the restructuring part. We will have more details on the subsequent 
conversation and also to conclude on the large deals, we have closed about five large deals 
with a potential of $105 million I think this is again continued to build the momentum as we 
talked about in the past many quarters. 
 
To give a little more outlook on the business performance, I think the market dynamics are 
definitely more fluid and uncertain and due to the Ukraine, Russia conflict the higher 
energy prices and higher inflation. I can really get into some of the specific verticals and if 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 21 
you look at aerospace, I think the demand is steadily increasing and the supply chain 
challenges continue to be an issue for many of our customers, but the opportunities are seen 
both on commercial as well as defence area and some of the interesting areas in urban air 
mobility and space are creating new opportunities for us and also hybrid, electrification of 
aircraft I think that is a new opportunity that we are seeing. Apart from significant 
opportunities we are seeing through the aftermarket above the revenue I think this would 
help us to grow roughly about 10% for the full year while we have seen 7.8% for Q2. Rail I 
think we continue to see challenges and due to the consolidation that has happened in the 
industry and also some of the issues related to the infrastructure spend that is happening 
globally due to the challenging environment and high interest rates, I think we are hoping 
that some part of this would recover by Q4 and we are still keeping a close tab on some of 
the areas we want to modernize our offerings on signaling and Devops, automated fair 
collection and sustainable transportation and mass mobility area. So we are cautious about 
how the rail business would recover over the next few quarters.  
So if you go to communications I think this has been building up nicely for us for the last 
four to eight quarters. The network roll out momentum across fiber and 5G I think the 
demand continues to be high and also we are seeing serious opportunities around the high 
energy consumption of 5G radio. I think this is going to create a huge challenge in Europe 
especially and we have some of the solutions which have been built through the Celfinet 
acquisition that we made. We are looking at how do we monetize some of these offerings 
by working with some of the customers who are looking for ideas to reduce the energy 
consumption. Also 3G plus 4G and 5G all radios cannot be put live and this would also 
create new opportunities for setting up some of the old technologies as well as rolling out 
for the cloud ran or open ran. I think these are new opportunities that we are really putting 
up continue to grow this particular segment.  
Mining I think safety concerns and tough mine operations are paving way for sustainable 
mining and at the same time all the energy transition and clean energy, carbon neutrality all 
this would need new materials whether it is like copper, lithium or Sulphur and how do you 
think some of them can be supported for our customers. Most of the offerings are around 
autonomous operations, digitalization, trip operations, intelligent asset management are 
continuing to see momentum in our business. I think this business has grown nicely for Q2 
at close to 70% and we are confident that we continue to see the similar kind of growth for 
the rest of the year.  
Energy and utility I think there is significant profit that is made by the utility companies due 
to the high energy prices in Europe and this will also make them to invest on carbon neutral 
technologies and that is something that we are really excited about with Citec acquisition 
that we made on energy. How we start looking at new technologies like hydrogen, battery 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 21 
storage, and carbon capture technology investment areas as well as integration of all the 
new energy sources into smart and microgrids are likely to accelerate and we feel that this 
will give us new opportunities for us to pursue.  
To go to the new growth areas and this is the segment which is definitely doing very well 
for us and led by automotive and mobility and the investments in software virtualization as 
well as the service oriented architecture and software defined vehicles are definitely growth 
areas for us. Healthcare and life sciences which has already shown growth about 80% to 
90% and we are seeing this momentum continue and influenced by the regulatory changes 
that are happening globally and we see continuous opportunities in terms of predictive, 
proactive, personalized health systems. I think that is a bigger opportunity that we are 
currently working on.  
Hi-tech which was the erstwhile geospatial business and we are trying to reposition this 
business to drive more system integration capabilities and applications and cloud analytics 
opportunities for the last mile tech companies which really drives their business around the 
location based solutions as well as space and sustainability initiatives. We hope this 
business should start getting into the growth path by end of this year and should start 
showing the growth for the next year.  
Semiconductors I think the demand from automotive and IoT and connectivity Krishna 
talked about continuing to be high and this business has grown about 40% to 50% so far 
and we continue to see this business building the momentum that started in the beginning of 
the year throughout the rest of the year as well. Also some of the supply chain 
diversification investments that are happening through the US Chips Act or Europe Chip 
Act is likely to create significant new opportunities for us across plant design and putting up 
designs to the fabs that have been set up and as well as new designs that are going to come 
up and we are bullish on how the semiconductor would pan out for the next many quarters. 
 The DLM business we continued to build on our order book and we talked about multiyear 
large deals and the supply chain challenges continue to be there, but we are hopeful that the 
H2 would be far better than what we have seen in H1.  
We talked about some of the positioning that we are taking in the market especially around 
the innovative technology solution that we are investing on. I just want to share a few 
examples in terms of how we are really changing our orientation or engagement with our 
customers. The training staff management solution is supposed to improve the safety of 
mining, environment and there was a recent failure of a dam which is resulted in about six 
to eight lives being lost and there were more than 30 to 40 people who are still in critical 
stage. How do you think some of them can be better predicted and our solution is likely to 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 21 
help the mining customers and this is the combination of our ability to understand the ESG 
requirements as well as the sensor data that can be integrated with digital platforms. I think 
this is going to be a sign of things that we are going to build upon across many of the 
segments and also the network testing which is cloud-based AI driven device, performance 
functional brand and core of network functions I think this is another opportunity that we 
are building up as an offering that can be taken to many of the communication customers 
that we have today. Autonomous industrial systems I think this is another interesting area 
where perception based technologies can be integrated with off highway customers and how 
do you think we have built autonomous trucks or autonomous construction vehicles and we 
are helping the customers to bring this technology and also create artificial intelligence 
model for assisting the control of some of these equipments in the more complex work 
environment like mining and other things. Last but not least, the digital platforms and asset 
data management I think this is one of the win that we had in the earlier quarter and where 
we are building an integrated web based cloud solutions with automated smart accelerators 
that would really help in driving the digital transformation across mining, energy and CPC 
client. All in all I would say a decent execution quarter and we are really working on getting 
that execution better in H2 of this financial year and we will probably leave the floor for 
Q&A and back to you Krishna. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much Karthik and if I may summarize with this quick outlook. We want to 
be a little bit more granular at this time on the outlook considering what I said earlier the 
number of things that are going on and the various points of time that these acquisitions are 
coming in Cyient and therefore into the consolidation. So what you have on the top is the 
FY2023 outlook, we continue to stand with our outlook that we will grow in the 13% to 
15% range in constant currency to the group. DLM we are actually quite happy I would say 
that we can up the forecast a little bit further because we have some good order intake that 
has come in, but more importantly we have been able to secure the material supply so high 
single digits up to 10% is what we are now expecting. We want to reiterate the 13% to 15% 
growth in constant currency. Through the course of this year we will add 14% to 15% in 
revenue because of acquisitions again in constant currency. In regards to the margin again 
we will go to what we said. We expect the full year normalized EBIT margins for the 
organic business to be in the 13% to 14% range obviously with the work that we have to do 
we understand what it is, but we still have a line of sight or we have a clear confidence on at 
least the lower end of that guidance and really what we want to do is get towards the middle 
but we still hold to that. Our normalized EBITDA and again we want to talk about EBITDA 
for a few quarters also just to give you a sense of where things are with all the acquisitions 
therefore I will say normalized EBITDA for the full year will be 16% to 17% for the group 
and as Ajay had mentioned the acquisitions are accretive. So after doing all this math we 
want to say that we are confident that the Q4 normalized EPS will be Rs.14 to Rs.15 for 
FY2023. I will come to the next line in a second and of course the tax rate is expected to be 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 21 
27% and free cash flow conversion will be in line for the full year after we take into account 
what has happened in Q1. We also want to give you a quick overview into what we see for 
the next year because I think a lot of these things will start to settle in and therefore we have 
already started planning for the next year because there is going to be a lot of work for us. 
In FY2024 we have a visibility to $1 billion run rate which is obviously quite exciting and 
therefore we are working very judicially to get to that run rate hopefully in the middle of the 
year rather than the later of the year but we keep you updated. And for EPS taking 
everything into account and how the acquisitions play out we are confident that EPS will be 
at least be Rs.60 I want to repeat and say with confidence that the EPS will at least be Rs.60 
for the next financial year that is FY2024. With that once again thank you very much for the 
patience in hearing what has happened during in the quarter, but more importantly the 
outlook which is quite exciting for us into the next couple of quarters to round up this year 
and next year and we will now open it up for any questions that we can answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Krishna Thakker from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
First was on the aerospace side, so you guys have shown confidence on the double digit 
growth kind of a number. If you could give some more details on what is happening on the 
aerospace from a services perspective not from manufacturing perspective. And second 
while our growth rate seems to be improving our order intake is still slow for the second 
quarter and again this is related to services because DLM I think we have done well on the 
order side, but how should we read these two numbers from an outlook perspective? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you for the question. I will ask Karthik to address this. 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Thanks Krishna I think your observation for Q2 is a seasonal thing and typically Q3 is a 
strong quarter for order intake so that is what I gave both dollar as well as the constant 
currency number of 13% because we are still tracking it on the dollar orders today and to 
answer your first question on aerospace I think we are seeing a lot of opportunities around 
aftermarket as you would have seen in the last two years with passenger miles slowly 
checking along which also means many of the aircrafts which have not been taken for 
service or repair or overall I think they are all coming to what we call them as a more shop 
visits I think that is really growing by 20%. So our aftermarket business is definitely very 
strong and some of the customers were associated with the engine programs that we were 
doing in for the last eight years I think they are really shaping along well in terms of their 
demand which is flowing to us. So that is one change that we have seen. Second about the 
embedded and digital solutions that are required for the aerospace and defense I think that 
continued to be robust because they want to improve the productivity, they want to really 
try a lot more digital initiatives than what they have done in the past. We are working with 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 21 
one of the Japanese customers to help them to build a roadmap on industry 4.0 how do they 
roll out, when they want to grow from x to 4x in terms of production capacity over the next 
three years and we are involved in helping them to build the roadmap I think that is another 
example in terms of it we are seeing that kind of growth and another one is about 
integrating the cabin management with sensors and this will probably improve the comfort 
level of the passengers and how we think we can probably have a lot more services that can 
be delivered through the sensors that can be integrated to air cabins. So some of these 
opportunities are new we have not seen them before. I think that is what is driving the 
growth for us apart from defense which is likely to get stronger as you can imagine in terms 
of what is happening globally and this is one segment where there is going to be lot more 
investments that is going to flow in and just to make sure that the country wants to protect 
their borders and they want to make sure that their citizens are safe and this is going to drive 
significant growth in Europe as well as in North America on the defence side of the 
business. 
Mohit Jain: 
The defence part of it how big could that be for aerospace vertical? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
It is probably about less than I would say 15%, 20% of our aerospace business comes from 
defence and which is likely to see growth as part of what is happening globally. 
Mohit Jain: 
Understood thank you and Ajay Sir on the exceptional item this is like a one-time payout on 
the legal side or is there something which can come in 3Q and 4Q as well? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
I think it could continue in Q3 and Q4 as well, but as Krishna said given the face of 
activities that happened in this quarter we feel that this should be the peak, but it will 
continue in Q3 and Q4 as well and we will continue to report. 
Mohit Jain: 
In Q4 the quantum is likely to be similar or will it like fade away gradually in Q4? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
As I said that is what we expect that there is a peak of the activity in terms of preparation 
but difficult to say right now our senses should go down on Q3 and Q4. 
Mohit Jain: 
On the banker fees this is purely one time done invested in Q2? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Yes 100% it is one time done invested in Q2. 
Mohit Jain: 
Perfect thank you. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
We actually accelerated some of the discovery process because obviously we are also keen 
to get it done and over with that is why we believe that Q2 is the peak and it will actually 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 21 
normalize quite a bit and we will obviously report it but we are also quite confident that we 
will be able to manage it. 
Krishna Thakker: 
Just in continuation is there a liability amount which is attached to this case like how big 
could it be? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
It is very difficult to say but again I want to be very clear to say that look it is something 
that we are very confident so we are not taking any provisions or anything because we are 
confident that what has happened there on the right and we have some very good people 
advise us and support us multiple times. 
Krishna Thakker: 
Alright Sir, thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Sharma from Macpro Research. 
Please go ahead. As there is no response from the line we will move to the next question 
which is from the line of Shradha from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shradha: 
Congratulations on a good quarter. Couple of questions firstly what is the normalized 
margin expectation that we are building in for FY2024? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Right now we believe that we will see a little bit of margin improvement but it is not a 
significant improvement we still are working on that. We are looking at, at least the base 
case scenario before obviously we will refine that number and provide you a better insight 
as things go by. Right now we are just assuming a slight increase maybe about 50 bps 
increase in EBIT for next year but obviously there is a lot more work to be done so that can 
only get better which we will update you as we have better insights but we wanted to get a 
sense because there is a lot going on and we did not want to leave things in a sort of a limbo 
so that is why we wanted to provide you at least the base case and then we will refine the 
base case. But the margin on this base case because there is some very, very good growth 
that will come in both organically and also because of these acquisitions giving us the full 
impact of integration so that is how we have built up so it slowly gets better. 
Shradha: 
The reason I am asking is because Celfinet and Grit are a very high margin businesses and 
we have indicated that in the first year of integration margins could be lower and probably 
after the first year integration ideally those margins should be back to their original margin 
level. So from that perspective I think FY24 margins can be quite better than what the 16%, 
17% normalized EBITDA margin we are talking about for FY2023? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
You are right so that is why I said we want to work a little bit more before committing 
definitively. But also on Celfinet I will say that you are absolutely right the margins are 
much higher but also the impact is relatively small because of $750 million Celfinet is 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 21 
about $25 million so the impact of that is going to be quite muted in that sense that is why 
which has been prudent in terms of what calculations we use at least to give you a direction 
of where next year is. 
Shradha: 
One clarification when you say acquisitions do you also includes the strategic buyout deal 
that we have called out last quarter? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Yes, absolutely again that is also very small that would be less than or it would be a 
percentage. 
Shradha: 
How is the ramp up which is happening there because this was expected to be one of the top 
five clients? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
The ramp up is going quite well actually that has been one of our growth accounts as we 
have talked about and that will be anticipation, so the ramp up is actually going quite well. 
The client or the account for which we did the strategic buyout will actually end up being 
one of our top 10 customers most likely maybe this year but definitely next year. 
Shradha: 
Just last one question the rail transportation business we have been seeing consistent decline 
so I was assuming that the offshoring shift that we were seeing in one large account in that 
business that might have stabilized by now but do you see this offshoring thing is impacting 
the overall revenue or is it some budget cutting part also that is playing in this vertical? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I think as I said there are two, three factors one is the consolidation of two of the major 
companies which is resulting in lesser R&D spend as compared to what they would have 
done individually and probably they are trying to rationalize where they want to keep some 
platform where they want to let go off some of the old platforms or legacy platforms they 
would have had inherited along with them. Second, there is also a significant infrastructure 
spend that we talked about and which is likely to be they have a huge order book and they 
are trying to prioritize the orders they want to execute where they can get some cash flow I 
think that has been one of the challenges for them from their end customers and that is 
impacting that and third part what you talked about was offshoring which is definitely true 
and probably the first two is likely to improve as we start exiting end of this year. As I 
talked about the other element was the highest ever billed hours that I talked about in terms 
of volume. I think the volume growth is something that we are really happy about and we 
hope the same momentum continues. 
Shradha: 
Karthik in terms of your optimism on growth for FY2024 amongst the verticals that we are 
operating do you think aerospace could be driving growth for us in organic business in 2024 
because communication growth seems to have tapered off this quarter so maybe on a high 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 21 
base 24 growth numbers for communications might not budge so will it be aerospace or will 
it be some other vertical doing that heavy lifting for us in 2024? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
For 24 numbers we will wait for another quarter before getting into the details we are 
starting a preliminary work because obviously we have put in a lot of resource behind the 
acquisitions and therefore we did a lot of preliminary work and that is why it gives us the 
confidence but to get into the details and considering the paucity of calls I believe today is 
also a very busy day for everybody so I will request that we hold off 24 questions for the 
next quarter’s call. 
Shradha: 
Thank you Krishna and that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Few questions one is on telecom vertical we have seen on a Q-
on-Q basis until last quarter very good growth momentum so this quarter is it a one-off 
because commentary suggests that growth momentum will continue. How do you see this 
growth? And second DLM obviously H2 is always better because of the seasonalities do 
you expect the similar things going forward? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I think what we have seen for Q2 was one off execution issues that we got into and that is 
behind us now and we hope we continue to get the momentum for H2 from the 
communication business and the demand would also be slightly patchy in some customer 
segments. So that is what I have seen has not grown as fast as what we have done in the 
first quarter of this year even for the past three quarters as well. On your second question on 
DLM I think we are definitely seeing a better supply chain visibility as compared to what 
we started off this year and we are confident with the current order book as well as this 
supply chain visibility I think both are equally critical to see how we improve on our 
execution for H2. 
Sameer Dosani: 
So we will see that seasonality right improvement in DLM? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Lastly this question is not guidance but a number that you have mentioned $1 billion 
revenue visibility. If I look at current numbers and even if I assume that you will reach $1 
billion by Q4 FY2024 it gives me around 4% to 4.5% CAGR so how confident are we of 
that number and does this include and I am assuming that this includes some macro issues 
also so if you can just explain that? 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Also I will just quickly say that we are also get one more if I will call it a bump because 
Citec which will be fully integrated in Q3 so that itself will give us another fairly significant 
bump because Citec numbers like Ajay said it is only for one month and that has been our 
biggest acquisition. But having said that we are quite confident with where things stand 
even taking into account the macro situation because we have looked up industry-by-
industry on what we do and where we stand and how does the macro impact it if you just 
look at and I just give one example of the semiconductor industry where we are doing a lot 
of work for the transition of chip manufacturing from China to the US and Europe. Europe 
will also announce I think a $50 billion investment into semiconductor plants which will 
translate to a lot of engineering work for us. So we are also looking at these things because 
these industries are also a bit more the reason why a plant is going from China to Europe or 
the US there is a very strong strategic reason so it is not necessarily just a sort of a nice to 
have project it is a strategic project and therefore we are quite confident that even of course 
if the worst case macro situations turn out then that is a different story if Russia drops a 
nuclear bomb somewhere obviously all bets are off. But outside of that we are quite 
confident that even in an environment where we will have some challenges for recession, 
etc., many of the industries that we are in will do quite okay because again a lot of the work 
is based on operations of things like power plants which have to continue no matter what 
are based on things like the transition of the semiconductor industry or like Karthik 
explained of the aerospace industry and therefore there is a lot of work on operations in 
MRO therefore we are quite confident in this sort of immediate cases of the macro of course 
if it is the worst case scenario. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Yes, so I have included two months of Citec $175 million plus $15 million two months 
impact and if I look at 190 to 250 it is again 4% to 4.5% figure so I get your answer and 
also just last question on the broader macro right all companies if I look at broader IT 
services plus all companies are speaking about growth slowdown in Q3 and Q4 and how do 
you see that impacting your business and in that scenario how does your guidance or 
outlook changes? Thanks. 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I think we are still as of now we did not see significant cancellations barring one or two 
projects which got deferred towards the right. We are keeping ourselves closely aligned 
with customers and are definitely looking at the implications of difficult winter in Europe 
and probably the fed rate hikes in US and how do you think that is going to pan out and 
what is going to be the implication of it from our customers. I think we are still seeing a 
cautious view from our customers. I think they are looking at the budgets and we will have 
a better view by end of this quarter which is by December, Jan for us to have a better view 
for the next year. We are still confident that at this point of time we are seeing momentum 
and we want to continue to build up that momentum. 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Sameer Dosani: 
On the deal signing also you do not see any delays or do you see that? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I think what we are seeing that there are some delays and there are some hiring freezes from 
customers organically so which means they are open to work with partners and some of 
those issues have definitely seen but we did not see significant program cuts or there is a 
major shift in terms of their approach that they are taking for the near-term. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Understood, thanks for the answer good luck for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Thanks for giving the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. I just 
wanted to understand your thought process behind DLM. We have decided to separate 
DLM from this company so what is the thought process that has gone behind it and how are 
we looking at this business strategically. Also if you quantify something in number terms 
how are we looking at this business over the next three to five years, what kind of inquiries 
are you getting and what is that being the thought process that has got separating it from the 
company so that was the only question? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
The idea behind it was as you know the DLM financials and the way the whole business 
works is very different from the services business and that has brought in a certain degree of 
uncertainty and it has brought in a certain degree of how our investors are viewing Cyient. 
So we took a long hard look at what is the right thing for Cyient and the shareholders side 
to look at the DLM business and said okay what is the best way to structure it such that 
Cyient still has a control on the business or as such still good connection to the business 
because for the reasons that I said we are winning a lot of deals including aerospace project 
that I talked about because DLM is a part of Cyient. Design led manufacturing is a very 
interesting thing, our customers are using us quite a bit for transitions and so it made many 
things. So taking everything into account we had a lot of discussions in the Board and we 
said we wanted to structure it in such a way that it can have its own independence because 
with all the order books that we talked about and also with what macro was happening there 
with China Plus One India pervasiveness or prevalence of electronics more and more we are 
going to grow very well over there. So we will require capital and we understand that 
Cyient’s shareholders might not be very happy with us investing significantly in the DLM 
business and therefore we thought it would be best to separate it out because it will need to 
raise its own capital for growth. We are working on our plan where that business can grow 
about 5x within the next five years with the margins that we already have so it is a very 
significant growth but also if it requires capital both as you know capex because we will 
need to build one or two more factories and our customers are also asking us for other 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 21 
options like Vietnam and Mexico and so on and so forth and it will also need working 
capital because that is a working capital intensive business. So before that really scales it 
starts to make very large dents on Cyient’s P&L we thought it was best to structure it 
separately and really let it grow, I feel really unleash the potential because we are in that 
spot with the order books that Karthik talked about and we believe in the process Cyient’s 
shareholders will also benefit generously because there will still be an ownership from 
Cyient hopefully depending on which option we come up with and over a period of time. 
There should be another great source of capital for Cyient to leverage on as we grow the 
services business, but from a growth perspective about 5x in five years otherwise I would 
say I would be quite disappointed in that business. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure that is really helpful. If you could throw some more light here on your capital 
efficiency part also when we look at current numbers on the capital efficiency for this 
particular segment DLM that does not look encouraging, so how would the capital 
efficiency pan out and given we are seeing increasing inquiries in India for this part of the 
business so we are talking about 5x revenue that is really good about how should we as 
investors see the margins and capital efficiency for this part of the business? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Absolutely I think as Krishna explained I think one of the constraints we have been dealing 
with that there is one business which is 15% to 18% potential business is services and there 
is another business which possibly is 6% to 8% margin business and we are trying to take it 
to 10% and we put a lot of constraints in terms of what margin business this can be and in 
fact it goes to 3x, 5x in three, five years. I think what is important as it will not be a 15% 
margin business. It has to be at a very different margin profile and that we turn from the 
assets have to be much, much higher than what they are so once we have changed those 
some of those moves to the game and not worry about the dilution of the margin we feel 
that current ROCE it is about 12-13% we can easily make it to 20% plus and that would be 
one thing which will be a good reflection of capital efficiency. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure that is really helpful. That is it from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this will be the last question which is from the line of 
Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just if I look at the performance of the services business 
excluding the acquisitions in the first two quarters the first quarter was close to 2.5% this 
quarter was close to 3% while the implied growth guidance in services on organic basis will 
be higher than 13%-15% which may require 3% and 4% kind of improve, so just extension 
to someone’s question in the second half generally seasonally weak for the engineering 
R&D because of furloughs and the fourth quarter could be a part of IT budgets which may 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 21 
have an impact because of the macro issues. So how confident are we in terms of good 
execution in services in the second half as well considering all these factors? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
What I answered earlier I think we continue to see momentum on various sustainability 
initiatives that we are part of across whether it is mining or energy and other customers that 
we are associated with I think some of these programs are very long-term and it will be 
tougher to delay them so they will continue to be there and we are hoping that the 
communication should start getting back to the growth trajectory like we spoke about and 
the aerospace would still it is not at the peak that we had in 2020 so we are still hoping that, 
that should check along. That is still a long cycle business, and we expect that to continue. 
So I think I understand the question of uncertainty and challenges we are likely to see and 
we would probably have a better view as we close Q3 or early Q4 and we can definitely talk 
about more with certainty by the time we get to the next call. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just I missed your one of the comments on the railways of which one of the factor being 
consolidated entity has been rationalizing the engineering R&D spend second being 
offshore. What was the second element on infrastructure which you said because railway 
growth outlook we were expecting a bounce back in the second half now we expect the 
bounce back to happen early in the fourth quarter? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes, I think that is led by increase in the interest rates globally and most of them are funded 
by the government and when they need to pay it at zero or 1% interest rate will be 3% or 
5% I think that is going to really have some more prioritization that is likely to happen 
globally and while if they have four or five programs and which ones they want to prioritize 
for the near term so that is likely to be the scenario and also given the energy crisis that we 
are likely to see in Europe and what we are also hearing is they may probably reduce the 
number of trains that are run. How do you think they can reduce the number of trips they 
make in a day and given the challenges that are likely to be seen with the energy being 
seriously critical for the winter season so I think those are the two, three factors that I talked 
about. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just the last question Ajay I think we are building at 13%, 14% with guidance but now we 
use the word on adjusted basis versus earlier guidance did not use the adjusted basis EBIT 
margin because at that time also we were knowing there would be M&A related cost which 
would flow through the EBIT so why there is a change in the guidance for the EBIT 
margin? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
We did not know the impact of these numbers and that is why we are looking at the number 
of the sustainable and ongoing operations because these things are really one-off and that is 
why we are saying if you take these off because the numbers will also have an impact of the 

 
 
 
Cyient Limited 
October 13, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 21 
yearly number. That is why we are saying if we take these off and therefore we can come up 
with them for whatever the sustainable operation is what is the number and that is why we 
are saying without taking these one offs. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much and thanks to everybody for taking the time on what I understand is a 
busy day with a number of calls. I want to thank everybody for your support in 
understanding these numbers it has been an exceptional quarter for us, but also we are very, 
excited that it sets us up for some very exciting growth for the future as we talked about it. 
We will continue to engage with you and provide you a good visibility into what that is and 
how things are going to evolve. So thank you very much for all your support. May I again 
invite you to the investor day it is on November 18, 2022 in Hyderabad. It will be an all-day 
session and for those of you who attended our previous investor days you will recall that it 
will be a good mix of internal presentations on strategy, on operations and financials, but 
also to show you some of the things that we do and more importantly or most importantly I 
would say also meet with some of our clients to talk to them about where they see the 
business going in and Cyient’s place in the business. So I will send out an invite or has 
already sent out an invite. I am sure we will send you multiple reminders so please register 
for it, it would be a pleasure again to show you with a lot of price what we do in person. 
With that thank you very much, thank you for the support and I want to say to everybody 
that we are very excited where we stand and I think we have a very strong set of quarters 
coming up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Cyient Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
                                 This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy 
