 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
The Secretary 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Secretary 
 
                  
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
       
Bandra Kurla Complex 
        
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Audio Recording and Transcript of Investor call 
 
We herewith enclosed the transcript of investors call for the financial results for the 
Quarter ending 30 September 2022. 
 
Audio recording of the investor call is available in the following link: 
https://youtu.be/OEaLtDIZ8_4 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Page Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Murugesh C 
Company Secretary 
 
Murugesh
Digitally signed by 
Murugesh 
Date: 2022.11.16 13:26:25 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Page Industries Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. V.S GANESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR– PAGE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. K. CHANDRASEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. GAGAN SEHGAL - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER– 
PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL SHUKLA – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF RETAIL 
OFFICER - PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
of Page Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal the operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.S Ganesh, Managing Director of Page 
Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
V.S Ganesh: 
Thank you so much and good evening everyone. It is a pleasure to talk to you and thank 
you all for joining for this call today. 
An exciting time for us to be in the industry such as ours with an increasing urban 
population, rapid urbanization, growing aspiration for global brands, shift in organized 
retail and an increasing awareness for branded innerwear to name a few. It gives branded 
players like us a huge market to explore and to grow. I am delighted to inform you that we 
have registered a robust revenue growth, record margins and earnings per share 
performance added by good growth across all our product categories. We actually have 
recorded the second-best quarter in our history just behind the Q1 record which we had. 
With the demand environment being lukewarm with inflationary pressures abating a 
recovery in consumption, we are happy to announce that we actually recorded a 7% volume 
growth if we look at the growth without mask. Overall, the reported growth is 1% but if we 
look at our core category, our volume has grown 7% and in our core category, the revenue 
has grown 20% but if we include mask and if we compare then it is a 16% growth. 
We continue to intensify our focus on distribution, modern trade, and e-com to drive 
product strength, increase consume engagement while making substantial progress in the 
digital led marketplace. Looking ahead despite the volatile macroeconomic environment, 
we remain very confident in our ability to further build on to the progress made so far and 
continue drive strong top and bottomline growth. This is made by possible by our incredible 
team who came together to connect closer to the consumer than any time before. 
Let me share quick highlights before CFO details a financial performance for the quarter 
and for the half year. Our Q2 revenue has grown by 16% year-on-year but shown a 
degrowth by 6% quarter-on-quarter if you look at the strong Q2 of last year base whereas 
volumes have grown 1% year-on-year if we look at actually the core category, we have 
actually grown 7%. On a like-to-like if you compare it has shown a degrowth of 10% 
quarter-on-quarter. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Coming back to the volumes as I told you without mask it is a 7% growth. As of 
September-end, we are present in 118,000 MBOs, 1191 EBOs and 2741 LFS. Our channel 
expansion continues to be line with our growth plans. I am very pleased to share that we 
have opened our first flagship store in Connaught Place, New Delhi and few days back we 
opened our 10th EBO in Dubai. We are also now present in Qatar and Maldives. 
Delving into the macro environment and its effect, I am pleased to report that the supply 
chain is back on track despite witnessing major demand shifts. We have invested heavily on 
mobilizing inventory both to manage the input cost volatility and bring our stock levels to 
where it should be. 
During the quarter, we faced very high inflationary trends which impacted nearly all costs 
including cotton which is now softening, packaging, fuel, logistics; however, we managed it 
and we were able to partially reverse the strength and hold onto our margin strength with 
the calibrated pricing actions, strong budgets and export control measures and optimum use 
of inventory. Our expansion plans are in line with accelerated sales growth strength and that 
we have been in the market place and this is supplemented by strengthening our relationship 
with our supply chain partners. 
We will continue to have disproportionate attention on our growing categories namely 
Athleisure, the women’s range and juniors. Our retail expansion has equal focus for tier 3 
and 4 towns as we have for metros and tier 1 and 2. 
I am delighted to inform you that our Speedo business is back on track and the revenue 
numbers are very encouraging and it is line with our budgets. 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank on your behalf the 28,000 plus associates for 
the great work they have put in and for showing a very robust performance during the 
quarter. 
I have today Mr. Gagan Sehgal along with me our COO, and Mr. Rahul Shukla – President 
and Chief Retail Officer, who will be more than happy to answer any questions that you 
may have in this domain as regards to sales and modern trade. As usual I am joined by Mr. 
K. Chandrasekar, our CFO who will now give you further insights on our Q2 financial 
performance. 
Let me thank you once again for joining the call today and I pass on to Mr. Chandrasekar. 
KC! 
KC Chandrasekar: 
Thank you, Mr. Ganesh. Welcome everyone to the call and thanks for being here and your 
support to Page. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Jumping into the financial performance for the quarter, we had revenues of 12,550 million 
and that, as Mr. Ganesh explained is the best Q2 in history on the back of the best quarter 
ever which was previous Q1. The last year Q2 was Rs.10,840 so there is a growth of 16% in 
value and a degrowth of 6% quarter-on-quarter. The EBITDA is Rs.2379 million and this is 
a growth of 2% over the last year, Q2 and there is a degrowth of about 20% quarter-on-
quarter. EBITDA margins are coming in slightly lower at 19% which compares with 21% 
year-on-year and 22.2% quarter-on-quarter. 
We have not pulled back any of our opex which are contributing to the growth of Jockey 
brand. We have spent more on opex mainly on advertisement, in building warehousing, 
capacity, we have spent on digital media advertising and e-com growth has been good so 
therefore there are attendant commissions so the opex has been more. The gross margins 
remain to be around 39% so the opex in Q2 has taken the EBITDA to about 19%. 
The Q2 PAT is Rs.1621 million which is a growth of 1% year-on-year and a degrowth of 
about 22%. The PAT margins are 12.9% and it compares with 14.8% year-on-year and the 
quarter-on-quarter is 15.4%. As I already said the gross margins have been 39% which is 
generally at par so the pricing decision which we have taken have been vindicated. 
As far as the H1 is concerned, these numbers obviously because of weak pandemic Q1 last 
year, clearly are looking extremely good. H1 revenues are the best again in history 
Rs.25,963 million which compares to only Rs.15,855 million last year H1, which is a 
growth of about 64%. Similarly, the EBITDA for H1 is Rs.5357 million compared to 
Rs.2676 million, a growth of 100%. EBITDA margins are 20.6% for H1 this year as a 
whole and last year was only 60.9% because of Q1 under absorption. The H1 PAT is 
Rs.3692 million and it compares with Rs.1714 million only last year H1. This is again a 
growth of 115.4%. 
With respect to cash and cash equivalents, we have come down to about Rs.833 million and 
this compares with Rs.3144 million as of June 2022. This is because we have continued to 
invest in inventory and we have gone a little ahead of the curve as far as the inventory is 
concerned, which should rationalize a bit going forward but we have a healthy inventory 
and that should support further growth in Q3 and Q4. The inventory actually stood at 
Rs.13,592 million as against about Rs.11,200 million in June. 
Networking capital has not gone up because a lot of it is the build of inventory has come 
from the cash reserves as well as the payable is more so networking capital was Rs.7880 
million which compares with about Rs.7300 million at June. 
With that I request that we move to the Q&A session. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. We 
have the first question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for the opportunity is with regards to get a quote on the volume growth but you 
mentioned that is x of the core category is 7% but overall is 1% so does it mean that the 
non-core products sold a bit higher during the pandemic period and this is now normalizing 
and if that is the case how should we look at the volume growth going ahead? 
V.S Ganesh: 
When we talk about the non-core products, it is actually what we were talking about that is 
the mask. So the mask numbers were pretty deepened during Q1 and Q2 last year because 
of the pandemic so now that we are post pandemic it is natural that there is a degrowth and 
that is what we meant by the non-core. If you look at our core products minus the mask that 
has shown a growth of 50%, which considering the inflationary pressure and the market 
environment we see this is a decent growth and we are firing cylinders to get the 
momentum and get back to core strategy. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir the second question is with regards to the sharp increase in the opex cost and that is 
largely driven by two factors one is employee cost and the other is opex that I assume will 
give to the advertising expenses and you have mentioned in the press release about the 
employee cost increasing on the account of capacity and capabilities building so is it fair to 
highlight more on the same, are the costs expected to remain at the same levels going ahead 
or this was a quarter phenomenon and maybe see from the normalization going ahead? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Coming to the opex, there is couple of things to see, one is during the pandemic period, we 
were media dark, there were hardly any expenses. Now that we are out of the pandemic, we 
need to get back to these activities. We are back to normal and those marketing expenses 
are concerned which is very essential for the growth of the brand and we have also invested 
in our warehousing capability so when you start  new operations in the first three four 
months, the costs are higher I was talking about the expansion in the warehouse and third 
thing was we were also investing in building a talent. We had hiring freeze as far as 
management talent strengthening is concerned during the pandemic. Now with the growth 
trajectory which we are looking at and with the retail expansion which we have we need to 
strengthen that and we have invested so these are all investments for the future and because 
we are very, very optimistic about the volumes and in fact if you see the overall numbers 
even the revenue growth is actually around 20% if I do not look at the mask as a category so 
these are necessary investments with the growth trajectory we have. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Just one last question from my end if you can help us with the tax rate guidance for the 
whole year as well as the capex guidance for the year. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
KC Chandrasekar: 
About the capex guidance, on the capex we are planing to spend about Rs.250 Crores 
upward. What was the first question sorry the line was not clear? 
Gaurav Jogani: 
The tax rate guidance for the first half tax rate is around 24 odd percent so what should we 
take the tax rate for this year FY2023 and FY2024? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
It should be more or less same. When I look at Q2 this year, we had an effect to lower tax 
rate because for all the new employees we claimed the 80JJAA and that was not there, not 
many people were joining so the new employees were eligible for some deduction, so due 
to that the affective tax rate of Q2 has come down but overall if you look at H1 versus H2 it 
will be more or less in the same range. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir if I understand it right it would 24% odd, 24.2% whatever H1 number is? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
Correct. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you and best of luck. 
KC Chandrasekar: 
Maybe Q2 was 23.7%, last year it was 25.3% so I expect the effective tax rate to be in the 
range of about 24% on a full year basis. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay and that would be the same for 2024 as well, the next year as well? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
I guess so because there is really no change in the corporate tax rate it is only because of 
certain deductions that we get like the 80JJAA as I mentioned, so if there is more people 
joining there will be more exemption on that count so one should expect around 24% to be 
maintained. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions from my side. Sir first question pertains to 
increase in inventory so just wanted to know what is the nature of this inventory built up for 
finished goods built up before the value or is it that we have expanded our pipeline to 
service the white basket of products that we are doing and should we think about inventory 
going forward from here on? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
Thanks Tejash for the question. Obviously, we are looking back about two quarters back the 
raw material prices are moving up and we repositioned much of the inventory and we also 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
ordered and paid everyone well so we have gone little ahead of the curve as I mentioned in 
the beginning. We had about six months RM inventory at the end of March and now it has 
come down to about 3.7 or so but the finished goods from about two and half has gone to 
about 3 months and right now we are not building much of raw material inventory until we 
sort of hit the optimum level of inventory of FG as well. So going forward in Q3 and Q4 
you would expect the inventory to go down. In terms of composition, from the 13,600 about 
8000 is FG and 5000 million is raw material and the remaining is work-in-progress. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Tejash, this was more of a strategic thing we did to make sure those times if you look at 6 
months back the supply chain was not all that robust and we wanted to risk mitigate by 
having stock. We were also seeing lot of demand fluctuations and we thought we should 
have good enough stock across the portfolio so that we can build agility and meet the 
changing market demands now that things have normalized we are having much better 
control and the buys are reduced and we are leveling up the stock levels. 
Tejash Shah: 
Fair enough Sir. Sir second question pertains to distribution. So the highlight of last 18 to 
24 months of our strategy was very rapid distribution expansion and as you mentioned 
earlier that we wanted to capitalize on the supply chain constraint for the competition so 
where do we see this lever now playing out because we have now rapidly expanded touch 
points so how should we think about that lever in the next 18 to 24 months? 
V.S Ganesh: 
I think Gagan Sehgal can throw more light on this but before I pass into him, let me tell you 
I think there is much more headroom as far as reach is concerned. We are looking at 
pincode wise ward level when we look at the potential. We have a huge potential to grow 
and we need to have much better reach and therefore we will continue to have the right 
expansion as far as retail expansion is concerned both for channel sales and for EBOs but 
Gagan more light on this aspect. 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Thanks Mr. VSG. Thanks for the question. Yes we did want to ramp up the distribution 
drive in the last 24 months and one reason was also that we understood there is a lot of 
reverse migration because of pandemic in tier 3, tier 4 towns from the metro cities and we 
needed to grow there and be available near the consumers. The rampant growth you saw 
was resettling at the point of time we wanted to fill in all the gaps and we did not want 
consumer to travel far to get our goods. At the same time, as Mr. Ganesh has said we still 
see a huge headroom, but I mentioned in the past few calls that be it in very strategic 
manner. One we do not disrupt our existing credit partners in case he is doing very well so 
there is no idea to open another MBO just next to him but we are looking at gaps. We have 
zero gaps all our outlets and wherever we see there is a gap we are today present in 1 lakh 
plus towns but we have gone deeper. We are present in less than 50,000 towns also where 
we see the potential which is the hub for them in their towns, so this will drive continue. I 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
would not say it will be rampant like we opened 30,000 outlets last year but we have 
already opened 8000 in H1 so there is no reason why we will not continue but we will only 
do it where we do not disrupt our current trade partner at the same time the ease of 
consumer is important and strategically the outlet needs to be present so we can continue. I 
do not think every year wise we should not grow at least 10,000, 15,000, or 20,000 outlets. 
Tejash Shah: 
Are we able to expand those distributions without diluting terms of creditor. Like you have 
seen in many other companies once you expand and go rural or beyond your core areas you 
have to extend more credit period or terms to this are we seeing that kind of pressure with 
this expansion? 
Gagan Sehgal: 
That is a very good question by the way. Whatever distribution expansion that we have 
done there is no subsidy in the cost to serve. The distributors and partners are profitable. 
The reason is that as we go deeper and I will say there is market in a tier 4 town, you do not 
need to open 10 outlets in that market. There is one strategic outlet which can show case our 
brand and there our brand can be positioned because we are premium brand, and affordable 
premium brand so it is very selective and the throughput per outlet in the smaller towns is 
almost the same as metros because in metros we will have large number of outlets so from 
that perspective the terms of freight has not changed at all and it has not got compromised 
in terms of period. Yes when you open outlet for the first time that is the time we can 
nurture the outlet because he was not keeping our brand before maybe post the business 
takes care of itself because the consumer knows Jockey and wants Jockey so there is no 
dilution to the terms of credits. It is all the same be it the smaller town or other larger town. 
Tejash Shah: 
Great and last question if I may. For the first half we are very within our long term margin 
guidance of 20% to 22% band but looking at where we are on 2Q would we need any 
pricing intervention to improve margins from here on or we can actually crawl back to those 
levels without any pricing intervention? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Tejash thanks for asking that question. As we look at it today, I do not see a need for an 
immediate relook at it because the input costs are coming down in the cotton prices as you 
can see softening and we can see that happening for many inputs so that should offset some 
of the pressures which we have so if that is not going in line with our budget then we may 
have to relook at it but as things stand we are well under control. 
Tejash Shah: 
Thanks Sir. That is all from my side and all the best to the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nihal Jham from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Nihal Jham: 
Sir three questions from my side. The first one was that over the last two to three quarters 
we have been facing a supply crunch given in the kind of demand that we see. Was there a 
case that now that a lot of our manufacturing has got normal that this quarter the primary 
sales would have been higher than secondary given there was a requirement of filling the3 
channel, just wanted your thoughts first on that? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Well, Nihal the secondaries are in line with primary. We keep a close watch on this. We are 
happy that there is no such problem. The secondaries are very much in line with primaries. 
Gagan you want to add anymore. 
Gagan Sehgal: 
You have answered it Mr. VSG. The secondaries are in line with primary and we keep a 
very close watch because we do not want inventory buildup happening at the distributor 
point but what has happened is it has helped us because of the better supply chain, the 
distributor is getting exactly what he wants and the market is getting exactly what they want 
so whatever primaries happening is getting sold because it is in line with the retailer 
demand and the end consumer demand. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. That is helpful. The second question was on the fact that if you look at the 
volume growth excluding the mass business which is 1% and the distribution growth both 
in terms of EBOs and MBOs has been reasonably strong if I look at the run rate over the 
last two to three quarters also. Given Gagan, you also you mentioned that the throughput 
per store is more or less similar why is that maybe our volume growth for our core category 
has not been in sync with that. 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Nihal if you see the core category that is why I was saying the core category has actually 
improved, by 7% and what happened was we were one of the first companies to bounce 
back quickly during last quarter Q2 post pandemic so we have a strong base there. So if you 
see across the consumer brands companies which bounced back very quickly have always 
recorded this kind of 5%, 6%, 7% growth because last Q1 we lost 28 days and if you see 
historically Q1 is always the best quarter and we front load the inventory which did not 
happen last year one because we lost 28 days and two the distributors and partners did not 
want to over invest because times were very uncertain and when the dust settled and when 
normalcy came back in Q2, there was huge buoyancy and we did well there so this 7% 
growth is on that strong base. If you see they were eating into the inventory and they were 
correcting it, today this growth is on a normalized inventory as far as distribution partners 
are concerned. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. Just last question on the distribution part was that Gagan when you are looking 
at targeting say the incremental outlets are we primary looking at hosiery stores and 
garment stores or we are looking at explore other revenues also for the Jockey brand? 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Gagan Sehgal: 
You will be surprised what we actually explored during COVID, it is not just hosiery stores 
obviously that is the core but there were all kinds of unconventional outlets who during 
COVID were not able to survive and they moved to apparels. So it not just hosiery stores 
we were evaluating and exploring other options. Like I was mentioning places where the 
brand does not get compromised but today you will see big outlets near the petrol pumps we 
are even present there so there all kind of unconventional outlets that have come in and in 
fact they want to partner with us so as we continue our distribution expansion plan it will be 
in lines with where we need to be present and at that point of time if a hosiery outlet which 
cannot represent the brand in the best possible manner if we have any other alternate we 
will go ahead with that also. So we have all kind of different beats, for example our mask 
and socks today are present in chemist shops as well or cosmetic shops so we are not just 
exploring hosiery. 
Nihal Jham: 
I was asking of these 118,000 MBO outlets what would be core to the innerwear category 
and Athleisure X of the masks that we are selling? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Nihal, what Gagan was saying is out of the 118,000 we are looking at all options. If you 
look at beauty shops, some of them even sell lingerie and some of the gyms sell gym vest 
maybe the inventory is very, very curetted there, the product which they keep, which is 
very, very relevant for them but we do explore but bulk of them as you rightly said, are 
apparel or garment shops, most of them are multi brand outlets which focused on garment 
and there are few which maybe doing only kids wear. They may only uplift juniors but that 
is how we have been focusing but bulk of them most of the outlets which we have, garment 
shops which sell all range of products. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sir I will come back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Madhu from Canara HSBC. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhu: 
Sir just on modern outlets, let us say a Westside or Zudio, are they acting as a competitor 
for Athleisure segment because they are penetrating fast in the urban areas especially so 
whether the footfalls from our EBOs potentially we might be losing to some of that and 
where the Athleisure volume can get impacted? 
Rahul Shukla: 
The market is big enough as far as Athleisure segment is concerned and we do not see any 
decline in footfalls just because there are few departmental stores which are coming up. 
They have their own service they give to family and the segment that you want to operate 
in. Our customers are very clearly very loyal to the brand and have the habit of closing that 
be it Athleisure, active wear or innerwear so we do not see any impact coming in because of 
the expansion of departmental stores. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Madhu: 
In terms of next 2 to 3 years perspective in terms of your distribution expansion I mean the 
EBO expansion momentum will continue because of lot of disruption is happening on the 
channel through e-commerce and all that so any read on that and second RM is actually 
cooling off in terms of cotton prices and are we carrying the high cost inventory which can 
now impact us in second half? Thanks. 
Rahul Shukla: 
We have been opening Madhu close to 150, 200 stores in a year and there is no reason that 
this pace is going to slow down anytime sooner be it the next 2 years. There are enormous 
opportunities that exist, what we have retained, more than 2500 plus staff across different 
channels that we have, be it e-commerce, be it MBOs, whereas EBOs right now are present 
within 408 cities so the amount of opportunity that exists, the potential that exist is 
enormous for a very long to come and we will continue to suffice this. We are building 
capacity to increase this expansion as we go forward. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Madhu, answering your second question we are not going to overbuy any longer. We will 
be buying only what is absolutely essential because we are armed with sufficient inventory, 
raw material and finished goods so we will be actually utilizing that before we spend more 
cash to buy more material and secondly we have done lot of work on the supply chain side 
to improve on time and full deliveries. In fact, it has now started reaching high 90s in fact 
last month it was 97% on time in full so with that kind of predictability in supply chain we 
can afford to have less buffers as we move forward and we are closely working with our 
vendor partners and they have also stabilized as far as the operations are concerned so we 
are utilizing the material on hand. 
Madhu: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rishi Mody from Marcellus 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Mody: 
So I have a few questions first on the EBO front and the Athleisure front so how much of 
our revenue contribution comes in from the EBOs and the Athleisure segment and then I 
will maybe get into the second part of Athleisure question if you can answer this first? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Rishi, as you know we actually do not give those segmental numbers because it is not good 
for you and me because this is something which is sensitive as far as competition is 
concerned, so I may not be able to give you specifics but I can tell you one thing, our 
Athleisure segment is actually growing and our modern trade is also showing robust growth 
because people tend to go back to offline or brick and mortar especially Athleisure they 
want to experience the buy and most of it happens in EBOs so both are growing. We have 
also come out with very exciting product range. Today, we have a very rich product 
portfolio, which is actually fueling the growth. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Rishi Mody: 
Since this is mainly a franchise model right so the top key determinants for a franchise 
would be their payback period and like-for-like growth so can you shed on light like how 
much is the payback period for an EBO store that you are all targeting and what has been 
the like-for-like growth over the last three-four years. Like if pre COVID was steady for 
your EBOs so that we know how much like what is the growth trajectory for existing 
EBOs? 
Rahul Shukla: 
Like you rightly said we operate through a franchise model which is an outright business 
model where the rights and obligations are very clearly demarcated. The franchises want to 
invest in the fixtures, furniture or stores, rentals and our responsibility is to ensure that they 
get merchandise, bank at least should be strong and they continue to do great business. The 
very fact that we are opening to 150 to 200 stores year-after-year is clear reflection of the 
fact that franchise finds its business model profitable, extremely profitable and that is why 
in fact we have a large number of brands who have multiple stores with us. We have now 
close to 1200 stores. The number of franchisees, are 600 plus so this finally reflects the faith 
and the consequence of franchise community in store, Jockey concept, retail concept. The 
second part of question which is about growth, in fact for the last many quarters, the 
number of retail channels has delivered high double-digit like growth across the channels 
and a positive like-to-like growth except for one quarter where the lockdown impacted the 
number of days that we would operate and it was on quarter one last year otherwise 
consistently all our stores have had a very positive like-to-like growth. 
Rishi Mody: 
Got it. That is encouraging. Thank you. Second my question is on the supply chain so you 
said that we have recently achieved a 90% plus predictability on supply accuracy and we 
have tied up with a vendor to help us with this so could you shed more light on what is 
happening to get our fill rates up and our supply chain more robust? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Rishi, what I said predictability meaning the on-time supply from our supply partners be it 
raw material supply partners or finished good partners, have increased and this is mainly 
because we also sometimes if there are any raw material issues for the garment vendor for 
example outsourced vendor partner, we are actually helping with the inventory which we 
have. This is also one reason where in we decided to have high inventory because those 
were times when working capitals were on the strain and we thought we would rather put 
our money to better work during those times so that we can mobilize capacities and with 
that it has helped all our partners and today they are back on track and that is why on time 
supplies have improved to high 90s so when this happens it actually improves availability 
for the front end also because as Gagan rightly said sometime back when the inventory help 
improve you sell the right thing at the right time rather than giving an alternate and pushing 
some other product and which creates that ripple effect bullwhip effect in the supply chain 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
and it pushes you through peaks and troughs now that we have good availability and we are 
fulfilling the true demand of the market rather than pushing this really helps in the long run. 
Rishi Mody: 
Your primary sales growth and your secondary sales growth is in tandem with each other as 
you mentioned earlier and that is reflective of these initiatives? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Absolutely, we are also moving to more or less moved to ARS and that is also helping quite 
a lot because that means our fulfillments based on the true rate of sale and based on the true 
market demand. 
Rishi Mody: 
Understood and you brought in an external consultant or something you mentioned or is it 
just for this you mentioned you tied up with external vendor for your supply accuracy 
modeling? 
V.S Ganesh: 
What we did is we have one of our supply chain planning in sense which we have is which 
is known as JDA this is a world class support system for supply chain planning and 
management so we have implemented that and with that we are able to have much better 
supply chain optimization. 
Rishi Mody: 
I am sorry what was the software name I could not get you? 
V.S Ganesh: 
It is called Blue Yonder. It was known as JDA. Now it is called Blue Yonder and with that 
our supply chain teams were working on supply chain optimization and we have also 
planned some delay differentiation were possible with that. For example, we keep some 
uncolored fabric, we call it grey and we can afford to colour it just in time so that we can 
get much better speed to market so we are able to do these kinds of intervention and by 
having rationalized very, very strategic supply partners they are also willing to take risk and 
pre position raw material to enable speed. 
Rishi Mody: 
Today what would you say our fill rates at the MBOs and EBOs? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Fill rate based on the primary orders which are getting is almost I can say early 90s to mid 
90s and our demand accuracy is improving rapidly because of the ARS implementation and 
the ARS implementation is ongoing. Today, we have reached around 80% and as we reach 
100%, this should improve and the strength of inventory also helps because if there any 
fluctuations also the buffer stock really helps. 
Rishi Mody: 
Got it understood. All right this is super helpful thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Ankit Kedia:  
Few questions from my side. First is on the demand environment. You mentioned in the 
opening remarks demand is slightly lukewarm so can you just elaborate more is it across 
categories where we are seeing pressure at the entry level and even across geographies in 
tier 2, tier 3 markets the pressures is high on the demand or it is broadly broad based? 
V.S Ganesh: 
We have grown against the high based what has happened is the draining of inventory and 
people not willing to invest during uncertain times and actually utilizing the stock and all 
huge sales at that time because when it dries up and when the supply is also tight people 
want to buy and get the share so all these disruptions were there and today it has normalized 
so we have healthy inventory and if you see general prices softening, one of the areas even 
though we have grown in the category Athleisure has comparatively grown lesser than 
other category. This is very much understandable because this is back to office time. It is 
not any longer work for home so the Athleisure utilization comes down and the share of the 
wallet comes under pressure because everybody when they want to go back to office the 
demand for formal wear goes up and when the wallet share goes for formal wear Athleisure 
may depart so we see these as temporary basis which I think it is a passing phase and we are 
over coming and various initiatives we are taking including improving the distributor health 
of inventory through ARS. We will be able to bring all this back to track. 
Ankit Kedia:  
Sir my second question is regarding the pricing action. If the cotton prices continue to fall 
from today, would you be willing to reduce prices given that the competition reduce prices 
or you will more prefer to do more A&P spends than other trade initiatives or reduce prices 
given that in Q4 your modern classic factory is also going to come in which is going to be a 
very big factory so from a tier 2, tier 3 markets perspective push can we see a price cut if 
not price increase? 
V.S Ganesh: 
If I read the pulse of the market, I do not think price is an issue. Consumers do not feel our 
product is expensive and we have always positioned our product as value for money 
proposition for our consumers and it continues to be the same so none of our supply 
partners, retail partners or none of our consumers when we interact with them none of them 
feel we are pricey and if you see our current EBITDA also it is not in line with our usual 
numbers. We knew this when we were doing the last price intervention of around 3.69%. 
We knew there will be a quarter or so where in EBITDA will be under pressure but we did 
not want to increase our price because always looking at long term we always knew this 
high price of input cannot sustain itself and it will soften so we kept that in mind. What I 
was saying the price increase which we had last time when we did we knew that the raw 
material in the medium term will soften and we kept that in mind and we knew even if there 
is going to be a short term pressure on EBITDA percentage we will not out price ourselves 
or increase the price because we always wanted to be a value for money brand for our 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
consumers, so we are already budgeted and today when I look at it the raw material price 
movement are in line with what we assume in our budgets. 
Ankit Kedia:  
Sir my last question is regarding scrap sales. Sir last year if I see we had 150 odd Crores of 
scrap sales from the past run rate of around 40 Crores to 50 odd Crores that would also 
come in the base this year or the scrap generation at the plant is very, very high so if you 
can just throw some light why last year the scrap sales was high and is it coming in the 
second half in the base? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Two things; scrap sales was low during pandemic times because these small time vendors 
who had cash issues so they were not able to take it at the right price and we also thought 
we will wait for getting the right price and second we also find much better vendors who 
can take the scraps and therefore we are also getting better rates than before. 
Ankit Kedia:  
That would also be the base for the second half of this year and which would also impact 
margins given that scrap will directly flow to EBITDA so would bulk of that be in the 
second half of last year so the second half of this year will have some base impact of that as 
well? 
V.S Ganesh: 
I actually do not know because this is not a big component. I do not think this can spin the 
needle that much so frankly I need to check. I do not know whether KC can throw some 
light on this. 
KC Chandrasekar: 
I do not know what you mean by the scrap because there is also an alms length for the 
vendors so taken together it is 22 Crores. 
Ankit Kedia:  
Sir I will take it offline with you separately. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Akhil Parekh from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the category wise growth would it be 
possible to share like the first half of the year which category grew fastest and which was 
the slowest? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Actually, if you see first half of the year, all categories have actually shown good growth be 
it the men’s innerwear, women’s innerwear, Athleisure. So if we look at the first half of the 
year we are happy in fact all categories have shown good growth expect for mask which is 
natural. It is on expected line otherwise all categories have shown growth. In fact all 
channels have grown. In that sense we are in a very good position. Even with back to office 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
our Athleisure has actually grown. Maybe the rate of growth might not have been as high as 
Q1 but it has still recorded growth. 
Akhil Parekh: 
So Athleisure is growing even if we compare with the pandemic period. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Yes. One is because of the retail expansion second it was a discovery for our consumers. 
We were able to attract lot of new consumers during that time so there are repeat buys 
happening, retail expansion is helping and the product portfolio enrichment which we have 
brought in is also helping. In fact, our work leisure is also something which is a very 
exciting product range which people can wear both for leisure and for work so what our 
product development has done is amazing and with that we are continuing to see growth. As 
you know this is a huge potential category with single digit market penetration at 7% to 8%. 
There is so much headroom for us do grow in this category even though it is post pandemic 
so we will continue to work aggressively on these categories. 
Akhil Parekh: 
This is good to hear. Second on the channel wise contribution if you can please share how 
much of the sales has come MBO, EBO and modern trade and e-com? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Akhil, I am sorry as you know we usually do not give those splits out because we feel it is 
very sensitive to give those splits out. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Thanks a lot and best wishes for coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Swati Jhunjhunwala from VT 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question was what was the volume growth in 
the core categories as well as overall Q-o-Q over Q1 of FY2023? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
It was mentioned as 7% over year-on-year. I do not have ready number on the comparison. I 
can get back with you. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Second question is related to the capex so the 250 Crores guidance that you have given, is it 
for the full year like FY2023 or is it for the second half because I assume in H1 we have 
done around 88.8 Crores sort of a capex? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
I mean it is for the second half. It could be more than that. It all depends upon how the pace 
of Odisha expansion coming up. So recently we are pitching that it should go live in Q1 of 
FY2024 so 250 Crores is something we expect in H2. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Last question is this time our margins were very low at around 19% so in Q3 and Q4 do we 
expect the margins to go up or do we expect to be around the same days as below the 
previous four quarters? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
We typically pitch for 20% to 21%. There is no question mark on the margins getting 
achieved and as you know the advertisement is not a linear spend while some of the 
capacity creation of manpower and warehousing is so given that the raw material prices are 
also weakening. I mean even in this quarter the margins have been pretty good, 19%, so 
going forward we should at least aim for at least 20% to 21% in the next two quarters. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Just a last question on the ad expenditure so how much was the media and ad expenditure as 
a percentage of sales this quarter, the ad expenditure as a percentage of sales? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
Maybe we spent about 440 as percentage of revenue which was about 3.5 million in Q2. It 
is about 3.5 million. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Should we assume that 3.5 should be the approx percentage for Q3 and Q4 as well? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
Typically restrict between 3.5 and 4 but again it depends it is not necessary that it should be 
spent. There must be campaign. There must be reason like digital presence and all that so 
that could be my answer. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you so much  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir what was the volume contribution of masks in this quarter 
for Q2 FY2023, so I was asking what the contribution of masks in this Q2 FY2023 were? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
The revenue contribution of mask was about 2%. It is much less than 1% this year Q2. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Volume contribution Sir? 
KC Chandrasekar: 
It should be in the similar range. It was about 5% in terms of volume last year and it is 
about 0.5% this year, Q2. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Secondly I wanted to understand Sir in Dubai you now have 10 stores so what is the 
outlook for the Middle Eastern geography as well do you have your own manufacturing 
operations there as of now? 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
V.S Ganesh: 
Middle East is a huge growth opportunity area for us. If you look at all our licensed 
overseas territory this is the most existing place so we are actually focusing on the Middle 
East especially Dubai. We are making good investments. Our partners there are investing 
that is where we have our tenth EBO just opened very recently in Dubai. We are also 
present in places like Dubai mall and the performance so far has been encouraging and the 
partner is therefore investing further on the business. When it comes to supplies we do 
support the supplies from here. It is manufactured here and supplied from our units from 
outsourced vendor partners from here because it is very important we take care of the 
quality of the product and we are responsible for it and it is coming from our sources. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Do you plan to open your own manufacturing operations there? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Not as such because operationally it can be very expensive. We may not get the operating 
cost advantage as you know raw material is not there. All raw materials will end up getting 
imported there. Labor cost is much higher there so we may not be very competitive if we 
manufacture there. Second today for the volumes it does not also justify with the scale. You 
cannot justify a manufacturing facility there. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it and if you can speak something about the potential, the industry and the growth trend 
and what is the current market share and how do we see our market share improving in that 
geography? 
V.S Ganesh: 
As you the economy we despite the recession and all that I think we are in a better position 
and I think India is going to be a growth story and there is accelerated growth of the middle 
income bracket and retail is getting more organized. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
My question was for Dubai. If you understood it for India then by question was for Dubai 
the industry and industry growth prospects? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Gagan can also throw more light on this, but it is very, very exciting. To start with there is 
huge expat community who actually buy from here and they have been the first early 
loyalist of our brand and the footfalls and now we can see even the local population is well 
accepting because of the quality of the product and the range which we are offering and that 
is where the sell through is so good that our partners are even willing and already gone 
ahead and invested in Dubai mall which is a very expensive place to be in and they are 
finding it to be a viable business proposition in such places, the mall of Dubai, Dubai mall. 
There is a tremendous opportunity there was to grow and the penetration is very low. What 
we have is some very luxury brands which are supra premium and there is very little mid 
premium brands present there and then there are all the other local imported stuff is there. 
So in the mid premium the space there is lot of space there which is not occupied. This is 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
where we are seeing a huge potential for us to grow the business. Gagan, you want to add 
anything more? 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Sir I think you have captured it beautifully but just a couple of points from my side, is 
currently we see huge potential there. That is the reason first is to position the brand and 
how do you the position the brand is to have your exclusive brand outlets in the best malls 
and the partners are seeing that hence if you see from last year from four to ten EBOs we 
have expanded at that rapid space. Now there is a local Emirati population and there it is not 
a question of who actually is your target consumer, almost everybody is your target 
consumer there and once the brand is positioned we also see a huge potential in the local 
population there which wants products from brands like Jockey but we are creating right 
now and we are working on more and more awareness. That is what we are focusing on and 
I think it is going to be very, very exciting market for us going forward we can expect very, 
very healthy growth in years to come. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Please go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir good evening and thanks for taking my question. Sir just looking at your comments you 
made this call. Number one the distribution expansion we have seen during COVID times 
that will continue but at a slower pace. Second is that we do not intend to take anymore 
pricing given the current raw material situation so based on these two constructs is it fair to 
conclude that whereas revenue growth momentum that we are seeing currently on Y-o-Y 
basis we should see further moderation from here on? 
V.S Ganesh: 
I do not see any reason for further moderation. I think we will get back to the growth. Mr. 
Gupta, what I was saying generally if you see all consumer good segment during the festive 
season, the sale through was not as good as the market expected. It has softened. I see little 
rebound because it is a temporary phase is what I feel and when I look at distribution, the 
inventory is getting corrected. We have taken lot of action so the health of the inventory is 
improving. This should help us to have better sell through because this will mean much 
better working capital utilization for them better rotation of the money which is going to be 
not only profitable for them but also to leverage on the growth which we have planned. So I 
see this has a short-term but last year was turbulent and we had our and we had our peaks 
and troughs so I think we should look at how it is going to pan out for the year. I am sure 
the way it is looking at, at the end of year we will be very much on force as per our budget 
and plan. We have been looking at very aggressive growth and we are very optimistic that 
we will be hitting that. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thanks. That is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question and we will now close the 
question queue. I would like to hand the floor back to Mr. Chandrasekar for closing 
comments. Please go ahead. 
KC Chandrasekar: 
Thank you all for dialing into this call. Apologies for some of the audio issues we were 
facing. Thanks for your support to Page. Have a good day, bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Page Industries 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
