BIG BLOC 
COEd%T&UCTION 
BIGBLOC CONSTRUCTION LIMITED 
8 
hd."OnnW"g -.I 
CIN NO. : L45200GJ2015PLC083577 
Y
B
U
R
E
R
 
Regd. Off. : 601 -B, 'A' Wing, International Trade Centre, Majura Gate, Ring Road, Surat-395 002. 
(Ph.) : +91-261-2463261,2463262,2463263 (F) : +91-261-2463264 
(E) : bigblockconstructionItd@gmail.com 
Visit us : www.nxtbloc.in 
Autoclaved 
N X T B L O
Aerated Concrete Blocks 
Date: 1611 112022 
To, 
Department of Corporate Service, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
lSt 
Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mum bai-400001 
Script Code: 540061 
ISIN : INE412U01025 
To, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, BLOCK GI 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400051 
Symbol: BIGBLOC 
ISIN : INE412U01025 
Sub: Transcri~t of Conference call 
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached transcript of conference call held on Friday, llth 
November, 2022 at 12:OO 
PM IST to discuss on Q2/H1-FY23 results and business outlook of the Company. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Yours Faithfully, 
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF 
BIGBLOC CONSTRUCTION LIMITED 
NISHTHA PAMNANI 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
ACS-58276 
Encl. as above 

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
Bigbloc Construction Limited 
 Q2 FY23 earnings conference call 
 11 November 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q2 FY23 earnings conference call of 
Bigbloc Construction Limited. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank 
you and over to you Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Bigbloc Construction Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
call for the second quarter and first half of the financial year 2023. Before we begin, let me 
mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's earnings call 
may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management beliefs as well as assumptions made by information 
currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of 
today's earnings call is really to educate and bring awareness for the company's fundamental 
business and financial quarter under review. Now, let me introduce you to the management 
participating with us in today's earnings call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. 
Firstly, we have with us Mr. Manish Saboo, Head of Marketing and Strategy. And we also have 
with us Mr. Mohit Saboo, Director and Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay, I 
request Mr. Mohit Saboo to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Manish Saboo:  
Good afternoon everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to our conference call for the 
second quarter of the financial year 2023. In the interest of those of the participants joining 
first time, let me give you a brief of the company. Bigbloc Construction Limited is India's one of 
the largest manufacturers of AAC blocks and related products. We have a current capacity of 
5, 75,000 cubic Nm. As you may be aware, AAC blocks are superior quality building material 
which provides unparalleled blend strength, lightweight thermal inflammation, soundproofing, 
underpass and highly proficient building material. It is a natural and nontoxic construction 
material that saves energy and is also eco-friendly. In fact, ours is only AAC Block Company 
which generates carbon credits, and are marketed under the brand name of NxtBloc. We have 

 
Page 2 of 9 
two state of the art manufacturing capacity facilities at Vapi and Ahmedabad which is in Gujarat 
and with the ongoing capacity enhancement; we'll be the largest AAC manufacturers in India 
by 2024. Additionally, the company is also expanding into AAC panels which are the next 
generation versatile green building material that possess superior technical advantages used 
for external and internal non-load-bearing walls, roofs, floors for commercial and residential 
building. Lastly, in 2021 the company entered into Strategic Joint Venture one of the largest 
cement and building material companies in Thailand in South East Asia Siam Cement Group of 
Thailand which 48% holding with SCG and 52% with Bigbloc. Under this JV we are planning a 
plant up to 200,000 cubic meters capacity at the Kapadvanj near Ahmedabad. Now, let me our 
Director and CFO Mohit Saboo to take you through the financials and operational highlights of 
the quarter under review. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Good afternoon everyone. Thank you, Manish getting on to the financials part for Q2 and H1 
FY23. I hope you have had a chance to study our financials and earnings presentation which 
have been uploaded on our website as well as stock exchanges. Let me brief you on the 
company's financial and operational performance on a consolidated basis for the second 
quarter of FY23. The revenues from operations grew by around 18% year-on-year to around 
Rs. 49 crores. The EBITDA was reported at Rs. 14 crores which grew by over 130% year-on-year. 
We achieved our highest ever EBITDA margin in this quarter at 28.66%. The net profit was 
reported around Rs. 9 crores which grew by 175% year-on-year. Our PAT margin for the quarter 
was 17.53%.  As you know, Q2 FY23 is typically a lean season due to monsoon and this year 
due to an extended monsoon season along with torrential rains, off take was little lower than 
expected. The margin improvement was driven by a correction in majority of the raw material 
prices due to the global economic slowdown. Additionally, the company sold approximately 
43,000 carbon credits during the quarter and we further strengthened our balance sheet by 
paying down debt and bring the debt equity ratio from 0.91 at the end of FY 22 to 0.74 at half 
H1 FY23. On the CAPEX front, construction for the upcoming unit at Wada is running at full 
swing. Majority of machines are already dispatched and arrived at the plant. We intend to start 
commercial production very soon and for the JV expansion the company is in its finalization 
stages of land acquisition and intends to complete the same within a very short span of time. 
Lastly, for half year ended the revenue from operations stood at Rs. 104 crores which grew by 
around 50% year-on-year with an EBITDA of Rs. 26 crores which represents a growth of 188% 
and the EBITDA margin of 25.19%. The net profit grew by 284% to Rs. 17 crores representing a 
PAT margin of 16.25%. Thank you so much. With this we can open the floor for question-and-
answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research. Please go ahead. 
Anika Mittal: 
First question is from the Order book. Is there any order book or any inquiries or any customer 
commitment for our AAC block that you are getting for the upcoming capacities which is giving 
you the confidence for ramping up of the extended capacity, sir? 

 
Page 3 of 9 
Mohit Saboo: 
Regarding the order book, actually we have consistent buyers’ month-on-month. We have 
buyer lists including the likes of Lodha, L&T, Runwal, Centec, B.G. Shirke, Capital Site and they 
keep on placing monthly order requirements of theirs with us. Apart from that regarding the 
upcoming capacity expansions, for that also looking at the overall block scenario, a lot of 
customers who are earlier buying red bricks are also shifting from red bricks to AAC blocks. 
That way capacity expansion should also keep on getting adapted in a very short span of time. 
Anika Mittal: 
So, are we still getting that fly ash free of cost which is a major room for us? 
Mohit Saboo: 
Yes, fly ash is still free of cost. We just have to pay; we need a transportation charges for the 
same. 
Anika Mittal: 
Is there any sign that we shall have to start paying for it? 
Mohit Saboo: 
We are using pond ash; we are not using the fresh ESD fly ash. For pond ash we don’t have to 
pay anything. 
Anika Mittal: 
In near-term and mid-term or in long-term? 
Mohit Saboo: 
I don't see any charges being levied for the pond as that is being consumed because that is still 
accumulated at thermal power plants and it is consuming a lot of land space for thermal power 
plants. 
Anika Mittal: 
Do you see the volumes improving in the second half because the construction activity is going 
to pick up or is there anything else that I'm missing on it? 
Mohit Saboo: 
We have been observing since the last few years that capacity utilization in H2 is generally 
much higher than what it is in H1 because construction activity takes place majorly in October-
March quarter. During May-September because of labor shortages after Holy period and also 
due to monsoon reasons, the construction activities are a little on the slower side. So, definitely 
we see better capacity utilization in H2. 
Anika Mittal: 
What kind of volume growth are you expecting over the financial year 2022 and the entire 
financial year 2023? 
Mohit Saboo: 
Compared to financial year 2022, our volume growth would be very meagre because in 2022 
also our capital utilizations are almost at optimum levels and with Wada capacity addition, we 
can see volume growth of almost 8-10% approximately. 
Anika Mittal: 
Overall 8-10%. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Yes. 

 
Page 4 of 9 
Anika Mittal: 
If we compare your average sales prices per cubic meter, in financial year 2022 it was around 
Rs. 3,520 on volume of 4, 97,664 and in half year this average sales price raised to Rs. 4,380 on 
the volume of 2,37,817. So, my question is what is driving this increasing realization and how 
it’s sustainable these are? 
Mohit Saboo: 
So, what we have observed over the last 8-10 quarters is that the realizations have been 
improving quarter over quarter because overall adaptation of AAC blocks has been happening 
at a much faster pace. Also, the product that we are replacing red bricks, it used to be in the 
price range of around Rs. 2,000-2,200 of cubic meter which is today in the range of almost Rs. 
4500-5000 of cubic meter which went up to almost Rs. 600 of cubic meter. This is a much better 
and much superior product as compared to red bricks whereby you end up saving on overall 
the construction cost, it ends up saving time and the construction is much faster, the number 
of joints are much lower. Looking at the overall superiority of the material, we should be able 
to either at least maintain our margins or even see some improvement going ahead with in our 
realizations. 
Anika Mittal: 
Because in last concall you were mentioning the 22% is the sustainable. Now I think in this 
quadratic is around 27%. That's why I'm asking what sustainable means is? What kind of 
average sales price we can get in future? 
Mohit Saboo: 
On a long-term basis, I think EBITDA margins of somewhere between 20-25% are easily 
sustainable. 
Anika Mittal: 
In quarter 2, I agree generally there is a monsoon kind of delay. But, if you see the last year 
volume in same quarter there was a substantial increase in the volume. So, what was the 
reason for that? 
Mohit Saboo: 
What happened was last year in Q1 because of the third wave of COVID in India, the quantity 
offtake in April-June was much lower. And that's the reason that Q2 saw comparatively a higher 
quantity offtake. Apart from that similarly last year the rains in Q2 were not that high as 
compared to what it was this year. These were the main two reasons. 
Anika Mittal: 
There is a big confusion on commissioning of JV plant in Ahmedabad like in earlier call your 
answer to my question was that it will be commercialized in June 2023.But, in your annual 
report you mentioned it will be in half year financial year 2024. Similarly, you mentioned in 
past that the CAPEX on JV shall be around 55-60 crores in annual report was mentioned around 
Rs. 89 crores. So please clarify the same. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Regarding the capacity expansion for the JV plant, it is a little delayed because of the signing of 
the memorandum as well as acquisition of Land. The Land we are looking to acquire, we have 
been completing the due diligence for the same and since it is with a multinational Mica SCG 
so due diligence from their end is also taking place and takes comparatively a longer amount 

 
Page 5 of 9 
of time. Coming down to the CAPEX of the total plant, Rs. 89 crores is totally to CAPEX which 
will be done over two phases and also it includes the working capital and everything as well. 
Rs. 55-60 crores will be the CAPEX only for land milling transmission and the total plant. Rs. 89 
crores will be including the expanded capacity as well as the working capital requirements. 
Anika Mittal: 
There is a qualification in your auditor’s report regarding the loan compliance of IndAS 19 
basically that is relating to the counting of employee benefits. Will you please put some light 
on that? 
Mohit Saboo: 
Actually what is happening is for the employee benefits after retirement and all, so for that 
provisioning is not being done in the books of accounts and that is not being done since the 
last 5-6 years. We are taking up that matter and hopefully in this year we'll start provisioning 
for the same and there won't be any such in the current balance sheet. 
Anika Mittal: 
What is the update on that your discussion going on with the credit rating agency regarding 
the reported issue or not cooperating in the recent filing? Is there any recorded…? 
Mohit Saboo: 
What has happened is just to give up total explanation for the same. They are treated as our 
facilities of bank finance for SCC Bank and the limits of SCC Bank were taken over by Axis Bank. 
We have been following up with them since the last two months to get the credit rating 
withdrawn but they have been asking for NOC from other banks also which includes the likes 
of truck loans as well as commercial vehicle loans, vehicles loans etc., which is not required at 
all. We are setting up a call with them which should be done in the upcoming meeting itself 
and the credit rating withdrawal procedure should be completed after that. The reason it is 
taking time is they are ready to withdraw to wait ratings but they are doing it with the same 
letter. We are asking them to withdraw the letter itself what they withstood to with the stock 
exchanges. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Anay Mittal from Nvest Research. Please go ahead. 
Anay Mittal:  
My question will be on the similar lines on this order book and commitment from your 
customers. While you are saying that you are getting a month-on-month regular orders from 
your customers, but don't you think that considering your position in the market and your 
specialty in AAC blocks you should have a minimum commitment type of stuff where you will 
be in a position to have a better confidence on the near-term outlook for your business? 
Mohit Saboo: 
We have an order book in hand for the upcoming 7-10 days approximately and that's how we 
have seen this industry. Earlier our order books used to run in the range of around 3-4 days but 
right now it's around 8-10 days. What happens is this is a bulky material and storage of this 
material takes a lot of space and the construction sites generally in the regions wherever we 
are providing the material or at any given point of place, sites are such that they don't have a 

 
Page 6 of 9 
lot of storage space. They keep on placing requirements for material on a time to time basis. 
That's how it works. 
Manish Saboo: 
To add to the comment it is something like let's say we buy 5,000 tons of cement every month. 
We keep placing orders for the same quantities of 300-500 tons purchase orders every few 
days and there's no point we place orders for six months and 60,000 tons because neither the 
cement company can supply and nor I can store. But, we do have an unsaid commitment from 
majority of all the builders whoever we are supplying our materials to, that for these sites we 
are the preferred supplier. I think that's where the gap is. 
Anay Mittal:  
On the product trend, are we doing any innovative stuff on the product side? I know that it 
would not that the leeway on innovation may not be very high but are we looking at any 
innovation on product side? 
Manish Saboo: 
In Ahmedabad region, we are even supplying a sand-based material other than the fly ash 
material. That is one thing which we are doing. Rest, we are making materials of different 
strengths. For Ambuja, we are doing contract manufacturing. We are giving them a very-very 
high strength material. In blocks, these are the only few things or few changes that we can do. 
Rest, we have to stick to the IS. 
Anay Mittal:  
Finally on the margins, I know that you are continuously improving the margins but we want 
our view on sustainable margins for the next three years. What is your view considering that 
inflation is slowly softening down and you have stable prices now maybe? What is your take 
on sustainable margin sir? 
Mohit Saboo: 
As I mentioned on the earlier question as well that the margin increment in this quarter is also 
because of carbon credits and everything as well. But, on a long-term level sustainable margin 
of almost 20-25% at EBITDA levels is sustainable on the long-term looking at the current 
position of the product as well as the industry. 
Anay Mittal:  
Finally, one more question, on your targets for next 2-3 years revenue, top-line and bottom-
line, what you are aspiring to achieve? 
Mohit Saboo: 
For FY23 our top-line should be somewhere between Rs. 200-250 crores and for FY24 we 
expect our top line to go to approximately Rs. 400-500 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suraj Deora from Paladin Capital. Please go ahead. 
Suraj Deora: 
I just wanted one clarification you just mentioned the guidance. Could you just repeat that 
please? 
Mohit Saboo: 
Sorry, I didn't get you. 

 
Page 7 of 9 
 Suraj Deora: 
You just gave the guidance for 2023, 2024 and 2025. What were those numbers? Could you 
repeat that? I missed it. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Yes. Guidance for FY23, we expect a turn over somewhere between 200-250 crores. For FY24, 
around 450-500 crores. 
Suraj Deora: 
The second question I had one just again on pricing and margin, the gross margins are 
substantially higher this quarter. You said that is due to carbon credits being sold. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Yes. 
Suraj Deora: 
Could you explain how that works? How many credits do you get and how do they accrue and 
the economic behind that? 
Mohit Saboo: 
So, currently we are generating carbon credits only at our Umargoan unit and we are 
generating approximately 60,000-65,000 units of credit every year. The unit at Kapadvanj is in 
the process of registration, and once it's registered, we might be able to generate almost 
40,000-50,000 units of credit from that unit as well. In the last quarter, we have sold almost 
43,000 units of credit, which were accumulated for period up to July 2021.  
Suraj Deora: 
One year basically. 
Mohit Saboo: 
It was accumulated up to July 2021 for the period from August 2021 till September 2022. We 
are taking up the audit process and then we'll get those credits issued which should be 
approximately 65,000-70,000 credits. 
Suraj Deora: 
On an annualized basis, from the existing capacity how many credits can you generate? 
Mohit Saboo: 
As per the current registration from the Umargoan unit almost 60,000-65,000, once the unit at 
Kapadvanj is registered almost 40,000-45,000 from that unit. 
Suraj Deora: 
So this is existing capacity plus whatever expansion you do will be over and above this? 
Mohit Saboo: 
Yes. 
Suraj Deora: 
And what is the selling price? 
Manish Saboo: 
So, the last sold these are somewhere around $4.10 and before that we had sold it at 
somewhere around $2.50. 
Suraj Deora: 
So this is per unit? 
Manish Saboo: 
Yes. 

 
Page 8 of 9 
Suraj Deora: 
And this is entirely profit? 
Manish Saboo: 
Yes. We have to pay some 10-15 odd cents for registration. 
Suraj Deora: 
The pricing has been consistent; I think between last quarter and this quarter about Rs. 4,400 
roughly be average realization remains. Do you think that this will change in the coming quarter 
based on any seasonal variation? 
Mohit Saboo: 
We see the pricing to be either continuing on the same level or increment, and pricing can also 
be estimated. 
Suraj Deora: 
On the raw material side, I've seen any changes and how that may impact your possibility? 
Mohit Saboo: 
Not any major changes on the raw material size. The prices, to be very frank there has been 
some reduction in raw material pricing in the last quarter and such quarter-on-quarter 
fluctuations of maybe 5-10 percent in the raw material price will keep on happening. 
Suraj Deora: 
The profit this quarter, the gross margin is almost 67%, almost Rs. 32 crores the gross profit. 
From this gross profit, if I were to reduce the amount that you cost per carbon credit, I'm 
assuming 2 lakh Dollars that’s about Rs. 1.5 crores. Rs. 32 crores is the actual gross profit from 
the operation but that's still higher than what you got in the past, is that correct? 
Mohit Saboo: 
Can you just come back on the question again? 
Suraj Deora: 
The gross profit in the quarter is about 32 crores. And the profit, I think you probably made 
from the sale of the units of carbon credit are about 2 lakh Dollars roughly. 
Mohit Saboo: 
I think it should be around $1.6-1.7 lakh. 
Suraj Deora: 
That’s why I have round up, Rs. 1.5 crores what you made as profit from the carbon credits. 
Even if I were to reduce that amount from the gross profit, the gross profit margin is still quite 
high. It's much higher than what you've done in the past. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Yes. 
Suraj Deora: 
So, I think that these levels can be maintained which means that there's substantial pricing 
discipline in the market and profitability will remain at a higher level even without the credit. 
Mohit Saboo: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Karan Bhanushali, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 9 
Karan Bhanushali:  
My question is can you please quantify the value of contribution in the top-line from the carbon 
credits sold? 
Mohit Saboo: 
It is somewhere around Rs. 1.4 crores approximately. 
Karan Bhanushali:  
My next question is, talking about CAPEX projects what would be the timeline for 
commissioning the same and also how are we going to fund them? 
Mohit Saboo: 
For the CAPEX, the Wada plant is already almost in the state of completion. We have infused 
our share of capital to the majority of the extent and the bank finance is also in place for phase-
1 of the expansion. Phase-1 CAPEX is almost around Rs. 48-49 crores for which we have a bank 
finance of Rs. 33 crores and Rs. 16-17 crores coming is in form of a motor contribution which 
is by way of internal accrual itself. And for the JV also we are almost in the phase of land 
finalization. Once we complete the land acquisition, we have already had a talk with the bank 
for the same and we'll be taking a date for almost 65% for the expansion in JV and rest will be 
contributed equally between by the partners and their holding ratio of 52% and 48%. 
Moderator: 
As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Thank you everyone for participating in the earnings concall. I hope we were able to answer 
your question satisfactorily and at the same time offer insights into our business as well as 
future expansions. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, please reach out to our Investor Relations Manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. 
Stay safe and stay healthy. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Bigbloc Construction Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your line.  
