 
 
CIN: L14102TG1991PLC013299 
Registered and Corporate Office: Surya Towers, 105, Sardar Patel Road, Secunderabad 500 003, Telangana, India. 
Phone: +91 40 6631 0111, Email: contact@pokarna.com, Web: www.pokarna.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 16th November, 2022  
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532486 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
Symbol: POKARNA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Analyst/Institutional Investor Meetings/ Earnings Call under the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015 
 
Reference the captioned subject, this is further to our letter dated 3rd November, 2022 and 10th 
November, 2022, with respect to the Q2FY23 Earnings Con-Cal with respect to the Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the Second Quarter and 
Half Year ended 30th September, 2022.  
 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the aforesaid Earnings Call.       
 
This intimation is also being uploaded on our website at www.pokarna.com.   
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
For and on behalf of Pokarna Limited 
 
 
 
Piyush Khandelwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
PIYUSH 
KHANDELWAL
Digitally signed by 
PIYUSH KHANDELWAL 
Date: 2022.11.16 
17:04:37 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
  
  
 
Pokarna Limited  
Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Pokarna Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited's 
Q2 and H1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. 
Gautam Chand Jain, Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Paras 
Kumar Jain, Chief Executive Officer of Pokarna Engineered Stone Limited.  
 
I trust most of you have gone through the communication and the results 
mailed to you earlier. In the interest of time, we would like to start with Q&A 
immediately. So, I'd like to hand over to the moderator to open the floor for 
Q&A. Over to you, Rutuja. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Pranav from Equirus Securities.   
 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sir, I wanted to understand on the demand side, particularly in the U.S. 
market. So as of now, the hard surface product, the demand seems to be 
resilient in the U.S. market led by the home improvement theme. But how 
do you foresee this trend continuing going forward, particularly with the new 
housing construction getting impacted because of the high mortgage rates? 
That was my first question. and the other question is, by when do you think 
that the resin prices will start correcting, which will help in your improvement 
in the EBITDA margin side? 
 
Paras Jain: 
See coming to your first question on the demand scenario in the U.S. in light 
of inflationary pressure and the mortgage rates going up, see, basically, we 
are actively monitoring the environment. Inflationary pressures and the 
higher interest rates are definitely resulting in a financial and psychological 
barrier for the building and building materials industry. While the current 
statistics of the hard surfaces, which are coming from the U.S. may not 
completely be reflective of the dynamic demand scenario for various reasons 

 
Page 2 of 11 
  
as people imported much more considering that certain companies from 
India would be subjected to the duties and all that scenario. But I definitely 
think, there is going to be a little slowdown in the demand scenario, 
especially in the new home construction and to some extent, even in the 
commercial. 
 
We believe that remodeling will continue to be relatively better than these 
two segments. So that's the reason, If, you look at our communication, we've 
said that we are looking at introducing some new designs, which are at a 
higher price bracket and are relatively more resilient than the commodities, 
which typically go into the specification and the commercial projects. So 
that's one way of looking at what we are trying to use as a tool to mitigate a 
certain amount of pressure coming from the demand side. 
 
Secondly, on the resin prices, since the resin is a key raw material, the resin 
prices have started coming down. And I think quarter-on-quarter basis, we 
think that Q3 prices will definitely be far better than Q2 prices what we had 
because, again, the key raw materials like styrene acrylic, maleic and all 
other ingredients have typically cooled off a little. So, I think over the next 
quarter or so, the resin prices should come to a reasonable level starting 
from this quarter onwards. 
 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sure, and sir, my next question was on the imposition of antidumping duty. 
Investigation is going on. So, any news that you've heard on that front for 
the rest of Indian companies? 
 
Paras Jain: 
So, basically, as of now, Department of Commerce has given December 6th 
as the tentative date for announcement of the duties for the first period of 
review. Again, Department has about 30 days possibility of extending it and 
taking it all the way to second week of January. So, if department does not 
decide, then probably second week of December, things should be clear. If 
department decides to take extension, then all those companies, which are 
impacted by this order, we'll get to know about the Department’s stand in 
second week of January '23. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors Ltd.  
 
Dixit Doshi: 
My first question is, as you have mentioned that from Q3 onwards, we are 
launching some new design products. Is it fair to assume, let's say, that this 
new design products will have a better margin compared to the basic 
product, which we were producing in Unit 2? And also, with the resin prices 
coming down, let's say, in next couple of quarters, can we come back to our 
margin levels which we used to do in the past? 
 
Paras Jain: 
See, basically, exotic designs definitely have a relatively higher gross margin 
compared to the basic products, which we produce. That is definitely one 
thing. But then typically, exotic designs also have a little gestation period by 
the time you will stabilize them in the commercial production side of it. So, 
we've already taken the orders, started producing it. And we believe that 
through this quarter, we'll be able to stabilize and start seeing that benefit 
probably by the end of this quarter or early next quarter. And as with any 
other product, if the key raw material prices come to a reasonable level, 
definitely, it helps you to improve your margins overall. So that's what we 
believe. 
 

 
Page 3 of 11 
  
Dixit Doshi: 
 
 
And along with the resin prices, even the logistic cost will help? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. To some extent, the import logistic cost will help, but then the local 
logistic costs with the diesel rates and all is staying at a higher level may not 
really give that benefit. So that is one side of the thing. So, I think the overall 
input logistic cost will definitely come down and we are seeing that the peak 
rates coming down. That's something which we already started seeing. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay, and my second question is can you mention about the utilization level 
at the Unit 2? 
 
Paras Jain: 
 
 
Unit 2 utilization level during the quarter was very close to the optimum. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Close to optimum. Okay. And let's say with not very optimum product 
mix? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. So, see you have to keep in mind that, as I said at the beginning of this 
conference, that demand scenario is a little muted now. So, one has to 
consider overall factors while we start ramping up or introducing new design. 
So, introducing new design is one of the key features which we have taken 
to actually offset the margin decline, which can happen either due to the 
muted demand or due to the raw material prices not cooling down. So, I 
think, overall, the situation is little on lower side. But I think that's what the 
global building material industry is seeing now. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
And my last question is on the domestic side. How much would be the sales 
for H1 and how it is performing? 
 
Paras Jain: 
See, domestic is definitely, as I always maintain that compared to our export 
exposure is miniscule. But we are seeing quarter-on-quarter progress there. 
Right now, we are in our 120 stores. And now we are also expanding to other 
cities in India as well. But India journey is a little longer because we are at 
top of the pyramid. So, it's not going to be definitely like a commodity run 
what you see on the tiles or other quartz players in India. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
 
 
Yes. Can you mention the sales figure? 
 
Paras Jain: 
 
 
It's not a big number. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment 
Managers.   
 
Sachin Kasera: 
My question was on the revenue on the quartz business. So, in the previous 
question, you mentioned that we are more or less close to operating at 
optimum utilization in Unit 2. And if we see compared to Q1, our revenues 
are lower in September quarter. And if I understand that in June, we were 
still not operating both the units at full capacity. So, is it that Unit 2, we have 
seen improvement in utilization versus June and Q1 has slowed down? Or 
is that we are seeing some significant correction in terms of realization? 
 
Paras Jain: 
So, it's a mix of both basically. If you recall, we've been maintaining that Unit 
1 was having a price level in terms of realization lower than what we had in 
the other unit. So basically, the product mix typically drives the entire 
realization and the margin side of it. And then as I said that there is a little 
slowdown in the market as well. So, both offtake and this together is 
responsible for a marginal decline basically. 

 
Page 4 of 11 
  
 
Sachin Kasera: 
So, both units you mentioned that Unit 2 worked at optimum utilization. Even 
the Unit 1 worked at more or less optimum or that was suboptimal? 
 
Paras Jain: 
 
 
No, Unit 1 is at the optimum level. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
So am I right in saying that both the units have obtained optimum utilization 
during this quarter? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Yes, very close to optimum utilization for Unit 2 and Unit 1 is at the optimum. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure, secondly, can you give us some sense, you mentioned that the raw 
material prices have come down. But if you can give us some sense, 
whatever type of correction you are seeing like 10%, 12% or 20%, that would 
be very helpful? 
 
Paras Jain: 
I said about key raw materials, which is resin, not as raw material in general 
because other raw materials typically continue to be still stronger. But resin 
is one of the key raw materials in the production. So, we've seen a decline 
of about 15% happening in the prices. And we believe that another 10% to 
15% is in store. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
 
And how much typical resin would be of our total raw material cost? 
 
Paras Jain: 
It depends upon the formulation, which is proprietary. So, I'll not be able to 
give you an exact number on the percentage because that clearly gives you 
the chemistry. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And how is our pricing formula with the buyers in the sense, is it a 
pass-through? Or when it goes up, its impact on our margins and it goes 
down, we are able to retain some benefits?  
 
Paras Jain: 
The raw material prices are not pass-through typically. So, we have a fixed 
pricing mechanism largely. So, whether it is a foreign exchange fluctuation 
to key raw material prices, there is relatively a lower cushion to actually go 
and negotiate. So that's the reason you see that the overall EBITDA or the 
other margins got a little impacted because of inability to do pass-on this. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure, but if you see in the last 3 quarters, the currency has almost 
depreciated by 10%. So, has that ensured that the currency is not only not 
too much pass-through? So ideally that should have got reflected in terms 
of our margins and better realizations in at least local currency? Or is it that 
we have certain hedges and hence, the benefit of the rupee depreciating will 
be visible in subsequent quarters? 
 
Paras Jain: 
See, what happens is, typically, we also have a borrowing in dollars. If we 
are going to do a mark-to-market basically, so that notional adjustment 
typically does not give you the complete benefit out of the rupee 
depreciating. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Okay, but I thought our borrowings are Rs.400 crore, and our exports are 
close to Rs.800 crore. 
 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. But then you have to do a mark-to-mark on quarter basis, right? Rs.800 
crore is going to be on the year-on-year and Rs.400 crore is constant all the 
time. 

 
Page 5 of 11 
  
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Okay. So, which means in the next quarter because now at the current level, 
that has already been mark-to-market, but we'll continue to see the benefit 
from Q3, Q4 because as we discussed that every quarter, you'll see the 
benefit of the currency appreciating. 
 
Paras Jain: 
See, currency is something which I think both of us if we comment can be 
sort of a crystal gazing. So, whatever happens on the currency side, whether 
it is rupee appreciating or dollar appreciating either way, I think that is 
something which I will be able to only comment once we are into the quarter 
and reporting. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
No, that I understand. The thing is if the rupee remains at the current levels, 
then in the last 2 quarters, the depreciation has been compensated by the 
correction on the loans that we are having. Going forward, if rupee remains 
here, then we should see some benefit on the margin because of it. 
 
Paras Jain: 
If the constants are resumed as you proposed, then yes, what you say is a 
high probability. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And the last question is on the debt reduction. We have seen some reduction 
in debt in H1. Can you give us some more sense on what type of Capex we 
have for the full year and what type of debt reduction you are planning in 
second half? 
 
Paras Jain: 
As informed last time because of that annual repayment is Rs. 25 crores. 
Out of that, we paid in actually INR 12 crore. But next 12 months and actually 
the repayment liability is Rs.35 crores. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Okay. And what is the full-year Capex guidance or plan that you are having 
in terms of the overall spend? 
 
Paras Jain: 
So right now, we don't have a very large Capex plan in terms of expansion. 
What we have is a little just completing certain aspects of already work in 
progress, which is there. So, we'll not really have a very large Capex coming 
in next 6 months. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
 
I think you spent something closer to around Rs.30 crore in H1. 
 
Paras Jain: 
So that was basically existing work in progress, which got capitalized. So, I 
think probably we can tell you what is the balance work in progress that can 
be limited. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hrishikesh Bhagat from Kotak Mutual 
Fund.   
 
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
The first question is related to the comment in PPT, where we spoke about 
the correction in freight and that augurs well. So just wanted to understand, 
will that also flow through in our margins? Or that is largely borne by the 
clients, so not much of an impact? 
 
Paras Jain: 
So basically, this has been a double whammy if you look at for the trade. 
What has happened almost depending upon the route which the ship was 
operating, in the last 3 months, the prices have corrected anything between 
30% to 60%. So, the customer is sitting actually on an inventory, which is on 

 
Page 6 of 11 
  
the freight side, probably 60% more than what we can currently take it from 
India. 
 
So that is what is impacting them also because already the inventory is 
sitting with them. They're already seeing a loss sitting on that in terms of the 
shipping rates. So, while the sea freight is typically on the export side a pass-
through. On the import side, it typically helps us because that is something 
which is our cost. So, while it completely passed through, but it also has 
other effects that customers typically are getting subject to a certain level of 
stress because of certain fall in the shipping prices. 
 
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
The second question is on the granite business. I know we generally used 
to comment that it's a fairly steady state business. But clearly, the quarterly 
volatilities somehow do not seem to indicate the steady-state business. So, 
if you can give some highlight in the sense what's happening on the granite 
side that's creating so much volatility on the sales front? 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
The bigger volume in turnover comes from blocks. And China, which is the 
major buyer for the blocks is in bad shape even today, in fact, worse than 
earlier it was. So, there is no shipping happening, no sales happening to 
China and no buyers are coming for additional markets. So, till some of those 
situations improves in China, we are sitting on the stocks inventory but 
unable to sell them because of the Chinese problems. We don't foresee any 
bigger turnover coming up from the slabs business, which eventually 
happens with American market because the demand for granite is day by 
day going down and the whole market is moving towards Quartz. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Singhania from SageOne 
Investment Managers.  
 
Pratik Singhania: 
Sir, so my first question is with regards to this duty, which is proposed to be 
implemented, say, in November end. So, what kind of a scenario you paint 
given speaking to your distributor that once this antidumping or CVD, 
however, you want to name it, gets implemented, then export from India to 
U.S., how it will get affected? And how we stand to benefit or lose out of it? 
 
And my second question, in terms of cost of resins, you said that it is off 
15%. So, 15% is from the peak, or you would say 15% from the Q1 or Q2 
average resin prices, which you would have incurred? This is second 
question. Third question is with regards to freight also, just similar to the 30% 
to 60% comment that you said. I wanted to know, in comparison to the 
average freight cost that you would have incurred in, say, Q1 for our sales, 
Q1 or Q2, how much has been it further came down as of now currently? 
So, these 3 questions, sir. 
 
Paras Jain: 
Okay. So, coming to your first question on the duty, as I said at the 
beginning, basically around December 6th or January 6th, depending upon 
what the U.S. Department of Commerce decides to take, would be the time 
when the duties would come out. If you look at 2 scenarios. One is a scenario 
that Commerce actually upholds what it already did it and does not want to 
change its position in the final. In that case, typically, around 50-plus 
companies which are in that bracket would typically get impacted because 
the cash deposit rates would undergo a significant change, which typically a 
U.S. customer is supposed to deposit to clear the goods. Those companies 
typically, theoretically, will have challenge in shipping out because their rates 
can be anything between 323% to 162%. So that is one scenario. 

 
Page 7 of 11 
  
 
The other scenario is that out of all this 51, probably 50 comes out because 
they are presenting their arguments to the DoC and DoC says that some 
companies are impacted and there are 50 out of it, then typically, more or 
less, the industry situation becomes normalized. So, in that case, U.S. 
customers typically will not have significant challenge what they would have 
had, had all the 51 companies got into that trap. 
 
But then it also depends upon the fact that the order is limited probably to 
the 51 companies who are part of this review. And of course, Pokarna is 
excluded from that review, and we are not impacted by that. But then there 
are other Indian companies who are not impacted by this because they are 
under a different basket of all other exporters. So, they may not get impacted 
by these duties and they may probably get a spillover of business from some 
of these companies who may be impacted by the order. So, this is a very 
peculiar situation. I think only once the order is out, more comments can be 
made. But this is how it could pan out to be. Now coming on to your cost of 
resin, yes, from the peak level, we have seen a 15% decline. So as things 
stabilize, probably we can see a little more coming from there. 
 
Now coming to your third question on the fleet cost. Yes, there was a time 
when a ship to New York would have probably cost you anything about 
$10,000, $11,000 was also a time. Today, probably at some $6,000 and 
sometimes probably at $5,000 levels, you are able to get a product shipped 
out on the East Coast. The West Coast states where we don't typically have 
a very larger shipments out have dramatically fallen. There was a time when 
we looked at a rate of $12,000, $14,000. Now the rate of $3,000 have come 
into place also in some locations. So that is how the freight costs have 
actually behaved, dramatically causing a little stress on the existing 
inventory and typically also on the new demand as well. 
 
Pratik Singhania: 
Okay. Sir, can you give me a trend about the resin prices consumed per kg 
for Q1, Q2 and currently, so that we can get exactly how it is shaping up? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Basically, as I told earlier, giving you an exact metric would be a challenge 
because it is part of our chemistry. But what I can tell you is that resin is a 
substantial component of our raw material prices. So, any movement there 
would typically get reflected in the margins directly. 
 
Pratik Singhania: 
If you can, sir, if not per kg, if you can, say, take Q1 as a base of 100, index 
at 100 and then if you can just guide us if INR100 was the base in Q1, then 
Q2 average would be how much? And currently, it would be how much? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Typically, I'd rather give you a different scenario. I would say that at some 
point in time, we used to buy at Rs.100. At some point in time, maybe last 
12 months to 18 months, we started buying at INR200. That was the 
fluctuation. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee 
Investment Advisors.   
 
Manan Shah: 
What would be the pricing differential between the premium design versus 
the basic design? Would it be 10%, 20% higher? And what sort of a mix 
would we endeavor to achieve, say, over the next 2, 3 years between the 
basic and premium? And what would this mix be currently in both the units?  
 

 
Page 8 of 11 
  
Paras Jain: 
See, the price difference can be as large as even 100% between an exotic 
design and a basic design for various reasons because the cycle times, the 
chemistry getting involved and the design aesthetics and there is host of 
other facts. So that's how the differentiation is. Typically, overall, it's the 
balance of 30% exotics, 40% medium range, 30% basic. If that equilibrium 
can be established, that's definitely a good scenario to be into. But then, 
again, that is something which we cannot completely control because it's 
purely market-driven. 
 
Manan Shah:  
 
And what would this mix currently be at both our units? 
 
Paras Jain: 
In Unit 2, it would be typically that you have over 80%, 90% coming from the 
basics. In Unit 1, it would be typically about medium range and the basic 
products actually giving you about over 60%. 
 
Manan Shah: 
Okay, understood. So just by changing this mix, we can still achieve like a 
15%, 20% growth on our revenue from a long-term perspective, right? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. So theoretically, it is possible that if we are able to establish a right 
equilibrium on the product mix, both the margin profile and the top line can 
be improved. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthi Keyan from Suyash Advisors.   
 
Karthi Keyan: 
Just one question. You referred to additional shipments from India in 
anticipation of these duties by the players. Rough sense, what could be the 
kind of inventory pile up, plus of course, the higher freight cost base 
inventory, So, could you have some sense of the level of pile ups that could 
have happened? 
 
Paras Jain: 
We expect that anything between 3 to 6 months of inventory of certain 
designs in certain customers would have got piled up in anticipation. 
 
Karthi Keyan: 
Right. And what would be the extent of erosion base case scenario that has 
happened in your assessment? Would it be like 3%, 5%? Or will it be a much 
bigger number? 
 
Paras Jain: 
 
 
I think probably it will be in double-digit is my sense. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment 
Managers.   
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Just one question, so despite the sales being lower than June quarter, if you 
see, versus the March quarter, the receivables are higher byRs.20 crore. So, 
would you like to make any comments on that? Have you seen any increase 
because of the softness that we are seeing in the market?   
 
Paras Jain: 
See, if you look back, historically, the shipping challenges was one of the 
reasons for the working capital to be tighter because we had little shipments 
getting tied up at the port and then the bill of lading not coming on time. So, 
all that typically got bundled and with little aggressiveness in the market 
approach, we will also have to extend some terms. All the terms, what we 
extend to the trade in the U.S. market are largely backed by the underwriting 
from the Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India. So, we very 
judiciously offer even the limits to the trade. 
 

 
Page 9 of 11 
  
Sachin Kasera: 
That's perfectly fine. I'm asking about the cycle in terms of number of days. 
There seems to be some increase.  
 
Paras Jain: 
So, with the demand getting muted, that is one reason where we have to be 
a little aggressive. Secondly, with the sort of some shipment delays, which 
were still invoked during the second quarter, the bill of ladings and all that 
did not come in time and for us to get the payment from the suppliers, from 
the buyers, we need to present the bill of lading. So, these are 2 factors 
which actually caused the receivable days to go relatively higher. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And with the shipping-related changes now becoming better? 
 
Paras Jain: 
On that side of it, yes. We'll have it. But depending upon the demand 
scenario, we'll have to still take some calls from time to time. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure, and one question was on gross versus net debt. If you see the balance 
sheet that has been presented with the results, the cash and equivalent is 
close to Rs.40 crore plus. So, are you comfortable with keeping such a high 
level of cash and bank balances? While our scheduled repayment is not 
much, would we look in terms of maybe prepaying some bit of loan and 
hence, having a lower gross debt? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Maybe actually there's a balance as on debtor because due to the 
realizations of the last 2, 3 days of month, then automatically, we're going to 
use the balances in the next financial year. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hrishikesh Bhagat from Kotak Mutual 
Fund.   
 
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
Sir, I understand probably the challenging demand environment. But just 
wanted to understand, even if the end market is probably not growing or 
probably slightly shrinking, but considering the probably a duty on probably 
the other peers and if this inventory pile probably dissipated over the next 3, 
6 months, has it any way allowed us to improve our market share? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Basically, we have looked at 2 aspects of this duty. One is, definitely, we are 
trying to approach the trade where we feel that we can add value to their 
portfolio by presenting our design and probably take some additional market 
share, which otherwise would not have been available because of various 
other reasons. So, while that has not completely panned out fully yet 
because the duties are not completely final yet. So, I think once the duty 
imposition happens, which way it goes typically, we will give a guidance. 
Because it is not so easy in this trade to simply shift the supply chain that, 
okay, today, we'll buy from X, tomorrow, we can go to Y. So, before that 
decision from X to Y is taken by the trade, it takes some time because the 
way the product is marketed, the way the products are shown in the U.S. 
marketplace, there is lot of activities. 
 
So, it's just changing a supplier is not the end of the day because you have 
to change the sampling across the whole. You're at 5,000 locations. So, it 
means that 5,000 different locations, the samples have to be changed. So, 
anybody wanting to take that call typically will take some time to get more 
clarity, which way the wind is going to flow. So, I think in nutshell, to answer 
your question, we've not completely seen the benefit of spillover from the 
duty yet. 
 

 
Page 10 of 11 
  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment 
Managers.   
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sir, has the distributors or our clients started to see offtake at the end 
consumer also slowdown? Or is it that they are trying to reduce their 
inventory in anticipation of expected sort of a slowdown in consumer 
demand? 
 
Paras Jain: 
We have seen mixed reactions from the trade channel, which we have said. 
There are some people who have not experienced slowdown yet. There are 
some who have done reduction in anticipation as already the inflation 
challenges or the demand challenges are going to pan out. And then there 
are some who are actually seeing. So, depending upon what segment they 
are largely exposed to is what typically is giving them that direction. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And most of the commentary that you're hearing from consumer 
companies is that the mid upper segment is where the demand is still 
relatively stable and it is a lower end segment, which is experiencing 
softness. So, have we also experienced that? And secondly, in terms of 
geography, U.S. is relatively doing better than Europe. So, are you also 
seeing the similar lines? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. So typically, depending upon the income level and the investment level, 
the impact of inflation typically pans out in that velocity. So, our experience 
has been that usually at a higher income level stratum, the inflation does not 
really impact much. And specifically, also on the customer’s housing at a 
very different level of pricing, they don't really get impacted because the 
overall component of quartz in the housing will be relatively lower than what 
otherwise the building materials would have got into it. So that is answering 
to your question that, yes, of course, at the commercial project level, at 
multifamily housing, which are relatively low priced and very sensitive to 
inflation, they typically get impacted much than the others are what is our 
personal experience so far. Now what was the second question? 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
 
In terms of geography, is Europe little softer than U.S.? 
 
Paras Jain: 
No, I don't think so because the situation out right now, both in the Western 
world, whether it is Europe or America, the situation, I think has become 
more cautious now. So, whether it is a kneejerk reaction to what is heard 
and the news you've seen in the newspaper or what is the perception one 
has built, but I think the slowdown is consensus, is largely there in the 
building material category. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And just to your previous comment that in Europe, we're also witnessing that 
demand is relatively better and stable in the higher end. Can you give us 
some sense? What is the sort of mix? It's like a balanced mix between the 
commercial end and the lower end and higher end? Or is it that we are more 
tilted towards the higher end and exotic? If not specific number, just some 
ballpark sense, how are we positioned in that? 
 
Paras Jain: 
See, we don't have a right number because what happens is that our 
different consumers have different distributors and the trade partners in U.S. 
have a different level of exposure to the market segment. There are some 
customers who are very heavily dependent on new home building and 
commercial specifications. And then there are some customers who are 

 
Page 11 of 11 
  
largely into remodeling at the higher end of it. But I think overall, probably 
the balance is in favor of the low end and commercial specification market. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikram from Vesta Investment Advisors. 
 
Vikram: 
Sir, is it possible for you to share the breakup of operating margin in our old 
plant and new quartz plant? 
 
Paras Jain:  
So typically, I think we've always maintained that, that data is little proprietary 
and we'll not be able to give a breakup between the 2 units. Consolidated 
numbers are there in the presentation. 
 
Vikram: 
And sir, if possible, you can share margin of a premium product and margin 
in basic product? 
 
Paras Jain: 
See, as I told a little while before that the realizations can differ even 100% 
between a basic at a gross margin level because of various factors, whether 
it is a cycle time to aesthetics to chemistry and a host of other products. But 
then overall, what is the contribution of that particular product is also equally 
relevant for it to impact the gross margin significantly. 
 
Vikram: 
Okay. And sir, one question, who are the major quartz exporting countries 
to the U.S? 
 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. So basically, Spain is one, along with us, then Vietnam is also there. 
Then you have Israel and then you have some parts of Europe, like as I had 
mentioned, Spain and there is some coming from Belgium, some coming 
from Italy. And of course, our Southeast Asian neighbors like Philippines, 
Malaysia and Taiwan I already mentioned to you. Thailand as well. 
 
Vikram: 
So, these European players are facing any kind of energy crisis you've 
seen? 
 
Paras Jain: 
I think what we have heard is definitely energy is a big challenge for all the 
European producers. But I really do not know how they have been able to 
mitigate and to what extent they're impacted. But whatever hear and say 
what I can tell you is that, yes, we've heard that energy is a big crisis for the 
European manufacturers of building materials, whether it is ceramic to 
quartz or anything in between. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 
Paras Jain: 
On behalf of Pokarna, I thank, everyone, who's participated in the call, and I 
look forward to talking to you again in our Q3 call. Thank you so much. Take 
care. 
 
  
