 
 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2022/209 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532923 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: RGL 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2022/204 dated November 08, 2022; please find             
enclosed herewith the transcripts of earnings Conference call on Q2 & H1 FY 2023 results of the 
Company, held on November 11, 2022. 
 
The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://renaissanceglobal.com/webcast-and-transcripts/ 
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
CS Vishal Dhokar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Vishal 
Ashokrao 
Dhokar
Digitally signed by Vishal Ashokrao Dhokar 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0196, 
pseudonym=D2DF08760880B701BBE2DB
D6898A2BC8343293C0, 
2.5.4.20=033e3a1f7676f62110a5045d10ffa
0708c9d64a2865686a1e785e99d7e2ba7e9
, postalCode=400708, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=F621FC1D09D761AB610EA
19805C41F606F5571282E998D2920757D0
B98E77FED, cn=Vishal Ashokrao Dhokar 
Date: 2022.11.16 15:48:57 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
  
 
Renaissance Global Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Renaissance Global Limited’s 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note, that this call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Renaissance Global's Q2 
and H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Sumit Shah, 
Chairman and Global CEO; and Mr. Hitesh Shah, Managing Director of the company. 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call, 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Sumit to make his opening remarks. 
Sumit Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on our earnings conference call 
for Q2 and H1 FY23. I would like to begin the call by providing you with a quick 
overview of the company's operational and business highlights for the period under 
review. After that, Hitesh will take you through the financial performance. Following 
which, we will open the forum for the question-and-answer session.  
We have reported a relatively stable performance during the first half of the year 
despite macroeconomic challenges and inflationary pressures in our key markets, 
the U.S. and Europe. The performance was supported by our higher-margin branded 
jewelry business and healthy growth in our direct-to-consumer business. While we 
did witness pressure on input prices, we were able to partially mitigate the effort by 
effectively implementing price hikes. 
Our key strategic growth area continues to remain our branded business where we 
have partnered with global iconic brands through the licensing model. We have a 
growing portfolio of owned and licensed brands in this market area, and we distribute 
them through the B2B and direct-to-consumer distribution platforms. The contribution 
from our branded business has increased over the past 3 years, going from just 2% 
in FY18 to 22% in H1 FY23. Looking ahead, our long-term goal is to significantly 
increase our branded jewelry sales by 3 times over the next 3, 4 years.  
In a key development in our branded jewelry segment, we partnered with Signet 
Jewelers to be the exclusive retail partner for our official National Football League, 

 
Page 2 of 7        
 
NFL, licensed to true brands fine jewelry collection. The officially licensed NFL 
jewelry will be available exclusively at KAY Jewelers and Zales stores in select 
markets and online in the U.S. 
We also recently announced a strategic licensing agreement with NFL with Netflix to 
provide branded fine jewelry designed around highly popular Netflix shows such as 
Stranger Things, Squid Games, The Witcher and The Queens Gambit. These 
developments are in sync with our strategic approach to accelerate the growth of our 
branded jewelry business. We have been able to build and grow our branded jewelry 
business model in important international markets like the U.S., Canada, and U.K. 
on the back of our win-win collaborations with well-known brands such as Disney, 
Star Wars, Hallmark and recently added, NFL and Netflix. 
Within the branded segment, we are very excited about our high potential direct-to-
consumer business. Our direct-to-consumer business continues to grow at a robust 
rate. Direct-to-consumer business accounted for 8.5% of our total revenue in H123, 
and we anticipate improving the contribution to 11% during the current financial year. 
During H1 FY23, the contribution from the direct-to-consumer segment to the 
branded segment stood at 38% from just 24% in the corresponding year. We 
currently run 7 direct-to-consumer websites and are pleased to share that these 
channels have received excellent consumer response with sales to over 8.5 million 
customers. The revenue from repeat customers stood at 16%. Integration of FMI is 
progressing well, and we have been able to achieve breakeven in H1 FY23. We 
expect this to contribute to profitability going forward. 
Further, I am glad to share that Renaissance was conferred Out-of-the-Box Design 
Store Award for IRASVA during the period. In the long term, we expect IRASVA as a 
brand to open select outlets across India through an omni-channel approach by 
offering fine jewelry in a space between daily price jewelry and heavy bridal jewelry. 
To conclude, while the near-term outlook remains challenging, we continue to focus 
our efforts on growing our branded business to achieve better margins and higher 
return on capital employed over the medium term. Given the current macroeconomic 
realities in mind, our revenue for FY23 is expected to decrease by 2% to 10% for the 
year for a range between INR 1,970 crore to INR 2,150 crore and our profit after tax 
is expected to be in the range of INR 85 crore to INR 100 crore. The tie-up with iconic 
global brands which empower us to grow into the next generation of jewelry 
customers. This, along with our direct-to-consumer business should enable us to 
create significant value for all stakeholders in the future in a capital-efficient manner. 
I would like to now hand the call over to Mr. Hitesh Shah to discuss our financial 
performance. Over to you, Hitesh. 
Hitesh Shah: 
Thank you, Sumit. Good afternoon, everyone. In H1 of FY23, Renaissance delivered 
a stable performance driven by steady demand in our branded jewelry segment and 
an encouraging contribution from our direct-to-consumer business. While our total 
income during the quarter stood at INR 442 crore compared to INR 478 crore in Q2 
of FY22. For H1 of FY23, our total income grew by 14% to INR 1,017 crore as 
compared to INR 897 crore in H1 of FY22. This growth was aided by improved 
contribution from direct-to-consumer business and the gold business. 
On the profitability front, EBITDA came in at INR 38 crore in Q2 of FY22. And in H1 
of FY22, it stood at INR 80 crore, translating into EBITDA margins of 8.6% and 7.9%, 
respectively. The branded jewelry business reported EBITDA margin of 13.3%. And 
D2C business registered an EBITDA margin of 11.5%. While we are witnessing 
promising revenue growth post the acquisition of Four Mine Inc., the business 
attained breakeven during the end of H1 of FY23 thus affecting the overall EBITDA 

 
Page 3 of 7        
 
contribution from the direct-to-consumer business. Our customer brand business too 
reported lower EBITDA on account of higher input costs and inflationary pressures. 
In Q2 of FY23, PAT stood at INR 16 crore versus INR 28 crore in the corresponding 
period last year. While in H1 of FY23 PAT stood at INR 40 crore against INR 52 crore 
in H1 of FY22. On a trailing 12-month basis, we have reported a stable return on 
equity, which stood at 10.3%. As the contribution from our branded segment 
increases further, we anticipate return on equities to increase notably going forward 
as a direct-to-business consumer business requires significantly reduced working 
capital. 
In terms of geographic distribution of sales, Q2 of FY23 contribution from North 
America stood at 54%, followed by 28% from the Middle East and the balance came 
in from other geographies. In H1 of FY23, the contribution from North America stood 
at 59%, followed by Middle East at 23% and the balance came in from other 
geographies. 
Moving on to our segmental performance. In H1 of FY23, revenue share of studded 
jewelry stood at 88%. Of the studded jewelry revenue, branded jewelry business 
contributed 25%. Within the branded jewelry segment, B2B contributed to 62%, while 
38% of sales was driven by direct-to-consumer sales. 
During Q2 of FY 23, direct-to-consumer business posted revenues of INR 44 crore 
compared to INR 20 crore in Q2 of FY22, registering a growth of 115%. For H1 of 
FY23, the direct-to-consumer business revenue was up by 86% to INR 85 crore as 
compared to INR 45 crore in H1 of FY22. Based on the estimates of this quarter's 
contribution to annual sales, the annual revenue run rate of the direct-to-consumer 
business is at INR 210 crore for FY23 versus actual FY22 revenues of INR 124 crore. 
Lastly, in terms of our balance sheet, our net debt-to-equity ratio stood at 0.41 in 
September 2022 as against 0.38 in September 2021. We have a healthy cash 
position with our cash and bank balances and current investments standing at INR 
192 crore. 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with question-and-answer 
session.  
The first question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So, wanted to understand the revenue decline in B2B segment. This slowdown is 
despite early launch of NFL as well as your Netflix style. So, what are the reasons 
for this about 25% decline in revenues in the B2B segment of branded jewelry? 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you for the question. So, while the licensing arrangements for Netflix and NFL 
have been signed, we only delivered our initial test for the NFL in Q3. So, the NFL 
launch is not in the numbers. And same is the case with Netflix. Netflix, we are in the 
process of creating the product and starting the process of marketing the product. 
And the NFL numbers should actually show up meaningfully only in Q4 of the current 
year as the initial launch is usually a test, which is on a consignment basis. So, we 
will see meaningful revenues coming from NFL or Netflix in Q4 of the current financial 
year. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Even for the core if we see for Disney style that we have, so NFL et cetera did not 
contribute incrementally, but comparable decline is also about 25%. So, is this largely 
related to the macro situation in the U.S.? Or how should we see this? 

 
Page 4 of 7        
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So, I think that the right way to look at it would be on an H1 basis, because a lot 
of times, there is shifting of orders and customers sort of ordering product a little bit 
earlier or later than required. So, I would say that Disney, because of the 
macroeconomic situation, the existing brands have not grown, they have remained 
relatively stable as shown in the 1.5% decline. We expect that demand should 
stabilize over the next 2 quarters. But definitely because of high inflation, the 
consumer in the U.S. is facing some pressures and because of which discretionary 
spends are one that are likely to be affected. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And the PPT mentioned that NFL, Netflix styles are currently being distributed 
through select retailers in the U.S. So, when do we expect these styles to sell directly 
to our own online platforms as well? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So, for the NFL, it is going to be an exclusive relationship with Signet, where 
Signet will be the retail partner that will do the exclusive distributions. So currently, 
there are no plans to launch an NFL website on our own. Netflix is something that we 
are looking at launching in Q4 of this year. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And lastly, if you can call out the contribution of With Clarity within the D2C 
segment for this quarter? 
Sumit Shah: 
We'll have to just look at the numbers and get back to you. I do not remember it off 
the top of my head, but I would say that there is a meaningful contribution of With 
Clarity here. However, I would like to note that when we acquired With Clarity, With 
Clarity was a loss-making business. And in the current numbers, some of the declines 
in margins that you are seeing are on account of losses due to Four Mine Inc. 
The business has now turned profitable, and we saw a profitable month in October, 
and we expect the current quarter to be profitable for the acquisition of Four Mine 
Inc. So, the numbers are meaningful to the total numbers. And after acquiring the 
company, we have been able to increase gross margins and increase revenue. And 
it has taken us about 5 or 6 months to make the company profitable, and we expect 
to see profitability from the Four Mine Inc. in quarter 3 of this year. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And again, just last question from my end for customer brands also, does that same 
challenges on the macro front, explain the reason for about 23% decline for customer 
brands as well on a YoY basis? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So, I think that what a lot of customers did is in the first half of this year, I think 
that because prices were going up, I think customers sort of preordered some 
inventory. So, it is not directly proportionated to what we are seeing on the consumer 
front, while we mentioned on the earlier two conference calls that inventory levels 
were low and customers ordered it, we were seeing healthy momentum. 
So, what I would say is that the right way to look at it would be sort of on an H1 basis, 
and there definitely has been some preordering by customers. However, there is 
definitely challenges on the macroeconomic front as jewelry falls into a discretionary 
category. We are seeing signs of stabilization, though in customer demand as the 
months have progressed. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And major festive season would start in December, like in U.S., unlike India, where 
October and mid-November are also festive seasons? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. Yes. So, it is in the next 45 days that is primarily Thanksgiving through 
Christmas. So, November 15 onwards is when sales essentially pick up and become 
stronger. So, the largest part of retail sales for jewelry happened during this period. 

 
Page 5 of 7        
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And how have been the B2B trends as in because those orders might have been 
coming to you earlier when the retail sales? So how have been those trends so far 
for Q3? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So, the sales on a year-over-year basis, our expectation is that we will be slightly 
soft compared to year-over-year, but the trends are improving as compared to Q2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from RatnaTraya Capital.  
Pavan Kumar: 
Sir, for Four Mine Inc., I would like to understand the business better and also what 
do you think will be the impact? And what impact do you see on the business from 
the current recessionary scenario in U.S. other markets? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, yes. So, I think that we have given sort of an outlook for the current year. I think 
due to the current inflationary pressures on the consumer, we have seen some 
softness in demand, and we expect sales to be 2% to 10% lower than last year. This 
is based on our current best estimate of the outlook for this year. And Four Mine Inc. 
is primarily lab-grown diamond direct-to-consumer business for us, where we 
custom-make engagement rings for consumers in the U.S. 
When we acquired the company, the company was sort of a loss-making entity 
owned by venture capital firms. And after acquisition, we have managed to grow the 
revenue of the company by about 5 times since the acquisition and turned it 
profitable. So, we are very excited about the opportunity with Four Mine Inc., and the 
fact that it is a zero-inventory model, which allows us to grow our business without a 
need for working capital, which is a significant drag in our industry. So, it is a good 
business model where we make custom-make engagement rings for consumers in 
the U.S. and focus primarily on lab-grown diamonds. 
Pavan Kumar: 
And D2C margins, do you think they will go back to 20% by the end of period or would 
it be difficult this year? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So, I think our expectation is for them to stabilize somewhere between 15% and 
20% in the current half. First half of the year, they have been lower because of the 
impact of the acquisition, which was loss-making on acquisition. We expect the 
margins to improve gradually, and they should stabilize between 15% and 20% going 
forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from India Bridge Capital.  
Umang Shah: 
Sir, what is the total number of SKUs that you will be looking to for Netflix-Netflix tie-
up? 
Sumit Shah: 
So, we have not finalized the total number of SKUs, but there is about 4 or 5 shows. 
So, our best estimate would be a couple of hundred SKUs that would be launched 
initially for Netflix. 
Umang Shah: 
And sir, what would be the total SKUs that we have in our 30 million branded jewelry? 
Sumit Shah: 
In the branded business? 
Umang Shah: 
Yes. 
Sumit Shah: 
So, I think that each brand in general would have between 300 and 500 SKUs, the 
major brand will be Enchanted Disney Fine Jewelry, Star Wars. So, I think we have 
about 4 or 5 brands. Each of the brands would have 300 to 400 SKUs that are 
meaningful and drive a majority of the revenue. 

 
Page 6 of 7        
 
Umang Shah: 
And what is the shelf life that these SKUs have? How often do you have to replace 
them? Or how often do they stay in the market? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So, I think that depends on the category of the product. Usually, our business is 
divided between bridal and fashion. Bridal SKUs have a longer shelf life because 
engagement rings tend to be more classic in styling and tend to stay on longer. So, 
the shelf life could be 4 to 5 years. For fashion, I would say, typically, it is 2 to 3 years 
would be usually 2 years when it would be strong and third year the SKU would start 
to decline. And that is when we would have to replace the SKU. 
Umang Shah: 
Right, sir. That is very helpful, sir. And sir, what would be the current cost of debt on 
the INR 70 crore of debt that we have right now? 
Sumit Shah: 
So, cost of debt is usual is basically linked to the Fed funds rate or LIBOR. And 
obviously that is moving dynamically, but for historical context, it would be between 
5% and 6%. And obviously, we expect it to go up depending on where the Fed fund 
rate settles. 
Umang Shah: 
Right. Right. And sir, did Forex movements benefit us at all in the first half of this 
year? And what could be the Forex gain, total? 
Sumit Shah: 
So, we are naturally hedged with our foreign exchange because our receivables, 
inventory and payables are all in U.S. dollars. The movement in Forex basically either 
increases or reduces our cost of manufacturing. So, I would say that it is not really 
meaningful because largely, our balance sheet is U.S. dollar-driven. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
I just wanted to check on that again, the margin trajectory that you have mentioned. 
So, if you could just repeat the margins that we expect for this year across segments 
as well as over the next few years, how should we see the margin improvement 
across the segments?  
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, yes. So, I think largely, margins have been impacted on 2 fronts. I think in the 
first quarter of the financial year, they were impacted by diamond prices, which took 
some time for us to pass on to our customers. And in the current quarter, obviously, 
there was a little bit of operational deleverage while we finished passing on all of the 
input cost increases to our customers. So, our expectation would be that as sales 
stabilize, we would return to sort of the margin numbers that you were able to attain 
last year by segment. And then grow the overall operating profit of the company as 
we expect the share of the higher-margin businesses to go up. So, I think that some 
of the margin declines are temporary and related to input cost pressures as well as 
some operational deleverage. And our goal is really to bring them each of the margins 
for the segments to bring them back to historical numbers and grow the total 
operating profit margin of the company as business mix changes. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Chirag Vakharia from Budarani Group.  
Chirag Vakharia: 
I just wanted to understand on the debt by the year-end, how would debt be looking 
on our books? Any thoughts there? 
Sumit Shah: 
So, are in the process and our outlook for the future is that we have a range of assets 
that we feel can allow our company to grow meaningfully in the next 2, 3 years. As 
you have seen, we have used some of the cash flows generated for acquisitions in 
the past. We currently have no acquisitions planned for the next 2 to 3 years. So, we 
plan to use some of the cash on the books to pay down debt. So, there will be some 
repayments gradually as the season ends. Since its working capital, it tends to be a 
little bit elevated during the season. 

 
Page 7 of 7        
 
You will see this coming down meaningfully by March since we received a lot of our 
receivables from customers at the end of the season. And since we do not have any 
acquisitions planned, we can pay down debt numbers meaningfully over time. I do 
not have a specific number in sort of at hand for 31st March, but I think over the next 
2 to 3 years, we will see the gross debt number come down meaningfully. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I hand over the call to management for closing 
comments. 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you. I hope that we have been able to answer all your questions. Should you 
need any further clarifications or if you would like to know more about the company, 
please feel free to contact our Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us today. 
Hitesh Shah: 
Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
 
