 
 
Regd. Office : 616, Tulsiani Chambers, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400021, Maharashtra 
Phone : 022 22828172/61090200, E-mail : corporate@patanjalifoods.co.in, www.patanjalifoods.com 
 
 
 
PFL/2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              November 16, 2022 
 
To 
BSE Ltd.  
 
 
 
 
                  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Floor No. 25,  
 
 
 
                  “Exchange Plaza”, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
 
 
                   Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street,   
 
 
 
                   Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
                   Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500368 
 
 
                   NSE Symbol: PATANJALI 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call Q2 & H1 FY 2023 of Patanjali Foods Limited (“the Company’)  
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated 14th November 2022 regarding audio recording of Q2 
& H1 FY 2023 Earnings call held on 14th November 2022. Please find attached transcript of the  
Earnings Call. 
 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the website of the Company at www.patanjalifoods.com. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Patanjali Foods Limited 
(Formerly known as Ruchi Soya Industries Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Ramji Lal Gupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. As above 
Ramji 
Lal 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Ramji Lal 
Gupta 
Date: 
2022.11.16 
18:19:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Patanjali Foods Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. DHIRAJ MISTRY – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV ASTHANA - CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
MR. KUMAR RAJESH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
- PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
MR. CHINTAN KOTAK – INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED  

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q2&H1FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call of Patanjali Foods Limited hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you and over to you! 
Mr. Dhiraj Mistry: 
Thank you. Good morning all and welcome to the call. First of all I would like to thank 
the management of Patanjali Foods Limited to allow us to host the call. We have with us 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana - Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kumar Rajesh - Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Chintan Kotak – Investor Relations. Without further ado I would like to 
handover the call to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you very much and good morning to everyone who has joined the call. I will give 
a brief summary of how the Q2 results were, some of the main highlights and where we 
stand in the business today. We had revenue of ₹8,500 thousand Crores. We had an 
EBITDA of about ₹205 Crores and a PAT of ₹112 Crores. This breakup broadly some of 
the big businesses I will speak about. In the oil and vanaspati segment, we had ~₹5,900 
Crores of revenue. I am just rounding of the numbers. We had a negative EBITDA of 
₹450 Crores which is about 7.63%. In the foods business we clocked ~₹2,400 Crores 
which was very substantial uptick. This was largely driven by one big factor that the 
foods business from Patanjali Ayurved which got integrated from July 1st came into 
unfold on which we did about ₹1,600 Crores of revenue. We had an EBITDA of ₹460 
Crores and we had a margin construct of 28.8% on this. Nutraceuticals also was a big 
uptick we did ₹400 Crores of revenue, ~₹140 Crores of EBITDA about 35% of margin 
and then of course we have other businesses like biscuit and consumer business etc. So 
they have rounded to ₹620 Crores of EBITDA and about 25% margin on EBITDA. Then 
it was followed by some of the other business like extraction and wind. I will focus my 
energy on two main businesses for this call. The main call really is related to the edible 
oils and I wanted to take couple of minutes to walk you through the external 
circumstances and what exactly happened in terms of why our EBITDA fell to ₹450 
Crores versus the previous quarter and the run rate what we have been having earlier. So, 
two things happened in terms of the macros. Indonesia had announced a ban on palm oil 
exports in the early parts of the second quarter and prior to that as well there was lot of 
rumors which were flying around which basically meant that the prices went and shot 
through the roof. So, palm for example became $1,350 a tonne CNF deliver India. 
Likewise, this Russian Ukraine war which was raging at the time the soya prices went up 
to $1,500 a tonne and the spread between palm and soya which typically at that time was 
$175 and I will talk a bit how the dynamic between the two changed. In between what we 
realized was that when this volatility started to sort of kick in and all the prices were 
shooting up it created a massive amount of fear on the demand side both in India and 
China declared suddenly the zero COVID tolerance policy as well so with the result the 
two largest importers of edible oils in the world suddenly you felt the demand has started 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
to go down and the market start was continuously on uplift so this was one big macro 
factor which started to impact while the prices went up at that time, but subsequent to 
that what happened was that Indonesia suddenly lifted the ban on palm oil. The one big 
change happened was that the green corridor opened up between Russia and Ukraine. The 
demand sort of collapsed as I mentioned started to happen and the market started to tank. 
In between also we saw the equation between the dollar and rupee. The dollar continued 
to strengthen. The Malaysian ringgit versus the dollar fell almost 5.5% so everything it 
was a perfect storm why the prices from where they went suddenly they collapsed. So 
with the result on September 30th quarter the prices of palm oil fell from $1,350 to $840, 
almost Rs. 38,0000 a tonne. Soya oil fell from $1,525 to $1,200 huge drop witnessed, 
Rs.25,000 a tonne and sun oil collapsed by almost Rs.40,000 a tonne. So, all this meant 
that suddenly at two levels that if I were to evaluate to get the numbers on specifics so 
about 250 Crores we had 200 Crores of losses which were booked during the quarter 
because every time you invoice and sell you book the loss and we had about 250 Crores 
which is on the mark to market basis at the end of September quarter.  
 
Now as you know that mark to market includes everything, all the purchase contracts that 
are in the book. It includes all the vessels that are afloat and the physical inventory that 
you carry and this exactly kind of transpires for these losses to be taken in the books. 
Post that just wanted to share that as we speak on November 10th the prices from $840 
have recovered to $1,015. They have moved up almost 18% to 20% across the board but 
just to share. The prices of soya oil have moved up from $1,200 to $1,485 and likewise 
for sun also it has gone up by almost nearly $300. So the point is that the mark to market 
losses that were incurred on a particular date on September 30th very substantial part of 
that and more losses that were incurred have been recovered in the mark to market as we 
speak today and we have taken multiple steps on how do we avoid this kind of volatility 
because many times this external factors will continue to remain. The war is not yet over. 
The China COVID policy continues to be on the horizon. The world food inflation as we 
all know the crops as they are evolving and building up like the south American soya 
crop is still in the buildup mode now so that we will get into the weather market in 
Chicago so there are lot of factors which are out there which could still be changing but 
we have taken multiple steps to manage it and manage it effectively now. So for example 
that we are continually churning our position which means that shortly time ensuring that 
we continuously selling at all points of time and are not subject to any major changes in 
the market. We have increased our hedges on both BMD and Chicago. For the palm oil 
BMD and Chicago for the soya oil. Sun flower oil we are ensuring that we are 
consistently moving the positions. So, these are the steps we have taken and we are pretty 
confident that we should be in a better position to be able to deliver this change as it is 
occurring in the market place and should be able to maintain the momentum that we had 
in the earlier quarters.  

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
On the food business we had very good overall margin. We had very good sales 
momentum. This was of course aided by two things. One is that we had acquired in the 
food business a fresh into the company so that is why the overall food business portfolio 
shot up to 2,400 Crores. There was a big push in terms of the new channels which were 
opened up for sales which we continue to push and drive towards. We maintained very 
healthy EBITDA margin at the back of high demand and the ability to price to the 
consumers which gave us a very good margins also and likewise the steps that we have 
started taking for nutraceuticals also have come to the fusion where we are consistently 
selling. We had huge growth in sales, very healthy profitability and while there might be 
some tapering off in terms of the sales and the margins but our expectation is that we will 
continue taking all the right steps as we take forward and to drive the entire business and 
sale so the whole idea being that taking the company back to consistent run rate of 
revenues and margin is the major effort which we have. There are learning and there are 
discoveries as to how and what could be done. We are taking all the necessary steps to 
make sure that company gets back to the regular bottom line driven numbers and also that 
we maintain a healthy run rate on the revenue side. 
 
I can go on for oil, palm and the other businesses the steps that we have taken but suffice 
it today that under execution this is happening. We are taking all the steps especially in 
North East and south of India and Andhra and Telangana. We are working quite actively 
in pushing the Nutrela, both the oil side and the Nutrela side. We are adding new 
products to it, categories as we have said and consistently that part is working on and rest 
of the company is on course in terms of performance. I will stop my communication from 
here and happy to answer any question that you have. Mr. Kumar Rajesh is there on the 
call as well so anything that you may have we will be happy to answer those. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the 
first question from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Hi Sir thank you for taking my question. Firstly just few numbers you said ₹1,600 Crores of 
food business came from the recently acquired Patanjali food business is that right and ₹400 
Crores for nutraceuticals so in that case as a base business has degrown because if the 
numbers you are saying that means we have done around ₹399 Crores in the existing 
business which was last year same quarter was ₹700 Crores. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
The food segment which got transferred from Patanjali Ayurved Limited made a turnover 
of ₹1,241 Crores in this quarter and honey and atta we previously took over from the 
PAL that made a revenue of ₹192 Crores. The traditional soya and TSP made a revenue 
of ₹169 Crores. These all is equivalent to ₹1,600 Crores and ₹400 is nutraceutical, biscuit, 
breakfast cereals and noodles makes it ₹354 Crores. So, these all together makes ₹2,399 
Crores of revenue. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
So, Sir how sustainable is this number especially in terms of margin because when we 
applied for the food business that time we were talking about ₹1,200 Crores kind of 
quarterly run rate but now we are almost touching ₹2,400 Crores. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
No. ₹2,400 Crores includes food segment and others. Others include nutraceutical some 
part of oleochemical and soup noodles also which is 43 Crores but food business… 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
So your comment was excluding nutraceutical is what you are saying. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Just quickly I will take a jab at the answer. So, ₹2,400 Crores is the overall segmental 
revenue of the food business which does include the acquired business of food from 
Patanjali Ayurved which includes the earlier food business that we have under the nutrela 
and oil and the soya buddy and honey and atta etc. The nutraceutical separately is ₹400 
Crores which is part of the foods overall ₹2,400 Crores, biscuits is about ₹350 Crores. This 
totals up to ₹2,400 Crores as overall. Your second question was that the sustainability of 
both the revenues and the margins on this. I mentioned that you were aided by two big 
events one was Diwali it was getting celebrated for the first time after a longest gap with 
full gusto so that was a huge benefit that we had and lot of pricing benefit that the company 
had and similarly the sales bump that we got, one time bump and the new channels that 
opened up that gave us a huge benefit so to answer your question specifically that overall 
margin of 25.9% or thereabout that we have on the food business will this be sustained 
probably the answer is that it will be to huge challenge to maintain this kind of momentum. 
So, there will be some tapering off and I think we should get back to about 15% to 18% 
margin run rate what we had originally mentioned also which could go to 20% but broadly 
that will be the margin rate at which we will run between 18% to 20% depending on a 
particular quarter but we should have the run rate on the business. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Just a clarification over here so Patanjali’s has acquired edible oil business, the edible oil 
business that was part of Patanjali Ayurved portfolio is that included in this food segment or 
we add this. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
It is not included in that. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
This is only foods. Oil has been included in the oil segment. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Now what I was saying that when we acquired about ₹4,000 Crores of Patanjali food 
business so there was some component around 35% of edible oils. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
That edible oil is included in the oil segment in the current quarter. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Got it. I will get back in the queue for further questions. Thank you. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Bharat Shah: 
Sir, as you have mentioned about distribution and new sales initiative so if you can throw 
light on the same. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Patanjali has a large base of yog karikarthar a direct channel who have got direct access 
to the consumers so there is a lot of effort which is going in two areas especially on the 
foods and nutraceuticals that going through the traditional channels is obviously a route 
which is available but also building that channel up to push for sales directly to the 
consumers since they interact and if my number is right it is almost 1 lakh plus are the 
number of people who directly interact and interface with a very large base of consumers 
themselves who are followers of everything that Patanjali does so that is a new channel 
which is was mentioning. 
Mr. Bharat Shah: 
On the edible oil you mentioned September 30 mark to market losses so I presume these are 
inventory losses that have occurred, but you have not realized these are unrealized losses on 
inventory which have been reflected into your accounts. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
That is correct. 
Mr. Bharat Shah: 
So I presume the unrealized gain in the subsequent quarter obviously will not be part of 
accounting treatment but those losses are really notional losses in a sense these are 
inventory losses and whatever that is there in the current quarter with the function of 
actual sales. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
That is right. 
Mr .Bharat Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ketan Gindoria from Alfa Accurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Hello Sir and congratulations to the entire team for excellent set of numbers. Sir two 
questions firstly, can you help me again with the margin on the acquired food business the 
₹1,600 Crores revenue. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Acquired food business from PAL, Patanjali Ayurved Limited. 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Yes. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
So the acquired food business from PAL in the current quarter contributes revenue of 
₹1,241 Crores and after including honey and atta and TSP and buddy this is near about 
1600 Crores and contributes to a margin of  ₹1,600Crores. 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Got it Sir and just wanted to understand what is the corresponding number of revenue in the 
previous year for this acquired business just wanted to know what is the growth in the 
acquired business compared to last year. 
Kumar Rajesh: 
See previous year it was not a part of our company. This was in the segment of Patanjali 
Ayurved Limited but overall run rate of this acquired food business including nutrela, oil 
for a year was near about ₹4,000 Crores  so run rate is ₹1000 Crores per quarter. 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Okay got it so near about 25% growth is what you are saying. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Yes that has been explained by Asthana Sir earlier due to the seasonal factors festive 
season and so much of new initiative of sales channel etc. 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Okay got it. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ajay Sharma from Maybank Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
I wanted to check for this ₹1,241 Crores sales what was the EBITDA corresponding to that. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
25.5% as explained by Asthana Sir. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
Okay so when was this supposed to be acquired, the EBITDA was 15% which is now 25%. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
15 to 20% it was at that point of time. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
I think it was around ₹600 Crores on turnover of ₹4,000 Crores right. I am just wondering 
Asthana Sir did say something about festive and all that but what explains margin 
expansion from 15%, 16% to 25% is that like a one-off benefit on the raw material side or 
what basically. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
We got a big benefit on the ability to pass on at a premium to the consumers because the 
Diwali demand was exponential this year and the last year it was unprecedented we were 
just opening up, number one. Number two, some of the work of the direct channel 
opening up that gave a big benefit. To answer your question again that I think the ability 
to sustain this margin at this level may not be there, but certainly our effort is that our run 
rate and margins constructive of anywhere from 15% to be what we acquired to maintain 
a run rate closer to 17 to 18% is what the effort is and I am reasonably confident that this 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
should we able to accomplish because it is a blend of nutraceuticals which is a higher 
margin business and the food business where we have shown healthy start to the quarter 
so we should be able to maintain that. It was 15% when we acquired from Patanjali, but 
our effort is to take it closer to 18% and that is the work which we do but to maintain this 
rate of 25% plus will perhaps be a challenge. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
Okay thanks for that and just on the oil side you said there was ₹200 Crores loss which 
happened during the quarter so that is actually a realized loss right. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
Okay so how do you recover that loss or is it gone basically. Is it a miss calculation on your 
part to have this high cost inventory which we just had or the price crashed to fast for your 
liking basically so that loss is gone basically right you cannot recover that one. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
So just a small thing I wanted to mention that a) it was not a missed calculation. I 
mentioned a set of events and the suddenness with which the volatility happened so there 
are two bits to it one is that in terms of covering the loss there is a good window available 
that it could happen but committing to say that we recover this entire ₹200 Crores which 
is already booked would be a little exaggeration, but the effort is that as I have mentioned 
earlier the ₹250 loss or the mark to market is something which is there on inventory 
valuation. As I have mentioned that we are way better than that current number of ₹250 
Crores so our effort is entirely that we will make the best effort to recover it and that 
effort is pretty much on and now it would be subject to multiple things coming into the 
play and that way management is working, the sales team is working our procurement 
team continues to work and work aggressively so our best effort would be to see that how 
do we recover that lost profit in the edible oil front. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
Okay just a last question so normally you were making 4 to 5% margin on the edible oil 
side so is that the endeavor to go back to those kind of levels. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, we always maintain that our typical margin on the business is between 2 and 4% and 
where we on account of the good brand and distribution that we had we were close to 4% 
that was clear cut objective which the management has so 5% will be perhaps on the 
higher side but 4% certainly that objective that we have and we want to work towards it. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
Okay and last bit on the operating cash flow was negative so any reasons for that. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
By introduction of food business we have given some credits to the customers that is why 
it was negetive at that point of time. Currently it has been recovered. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
Okay on full year basis it should be positive right. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Yes obviously. 
Mr. Ajay Sharma: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next followup question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Bharat Shah: 
Asthana ji I am little bit confused on the oil business ₹200 Crores was actually realized 
losses and about ₹250 Crores of unrealized mark to market losses right. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
That is the exact break up. 
Mr. Bharat Shah: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Saurav Jalan from SJ Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mr. Saurav Jalan: 
Good morning Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question is regarding the different 
business segments. Sir if we look at the food and nutraceutical business it is much more 
stable and has better margins and there is visibility of growth and consistency but if we look 
at the edible oil business it has an inherent volatility due to macro factors, government 
policies of the exporting countries of CPO so Sir have we given any thought to demerge this 
two business because at the current rate it seems that food and nutraceutical business can 
itself generate a PAT of around ₹1,500 to 2,000 Crores in the next one to two years. The 
inherent volatility of the edible oil business is hampering the valuation with food and 
nutraceutical business should command in the market so have we given any thought to 
demerge this edible oil business from the food and nutraceutical business. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
So right now there is no thought and no such idea we have because we have great 
strength in the distribution and these businesses of food and nutraceutical also benefit 
immensely from the oil business also that we have and the synergies between the 
businesses, the synergy between the teams, the cost structure that we are able to maintain 
and the infra that we have, it is a good business, so there might be volatility but in terms of 
return on capital and the number of times we can rotate the capital on the edible oil business 
is pretty healthy. So our effort has to be if we can rotate this capital even six times a year 
and we make on an average let us say 4% margin you are talking about 24% return so there 
is no requirement at this stage. We do not feel any compelling reason that is one and second 
is for Patanjali Foods, edible oils is very critical and important segment. We would like to 
retain that and grow that. 
Mr. Saurav Jalan: 
Okay Sir, one more question regarding trade receivables. As per the year ending March 31, 
2022 the figure was ₹796 Crores and it has gone to around ₹2,000 Crores as September 30, 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
2022 so Sir which segment of the business contributed to more than ₹1,200 Crores 
increment in trade receivable. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Some oil business and major contribution is from food business. It has gone to the 
consumer market directly so had to extend some credits to our distributors and super 
distributors. 
Mr. Saurav Jalan: 
Sir is this the reason why our cash flow from operation was negative. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes that is right. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
On overall basis it will be positive. 
Mr. Saurav Jalan: 
For the year ending FY2023 we expect to reach the positive like last year. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Yes. 
Mr. Saurav Jalan: 
Okay Sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Thank you for the followup. Sir again on the receivable so this increase rate that we have so 
is it a onetime thing and in the coming quarters we would be reducing that credit period or 
this will be sustained. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Some of the amount maybe sustained for a year. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
No not the amount obviously our food business itself has grown substantially so the amount 
I am not talking about that but the kind of credit period so it was alluded that due to the 
festive season and first time that you are disturbing this products you have to offer higher 
credit period so over time as you settle down do you expect to reduce this credit period or 
do you think it will sustain for couple of more quarters. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
It will be recovered within the last quarter of this financial year. But obviously we will 
have to extend some credit period to our distributor and super distributor as compared to 
the oil business. Oil business credit period is obviously somewhere less as compared to 
the food business. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
What is the typical credit period for the oil business and for the food business that you 
offer? 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
See food business near about one to one and half month we have given. But oil business 
it is almost 22 to 25 days. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Okay and the credit period in the food business is expected to come down going ahead. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
It might, depending on the business scenario. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Okay second question is for Sanjeev Sir. Sir for the oil business this quarter was obviously 
one off but now since the price is relatively stabilized so from Q3 onwards do we expect 
stable business in the oil. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
No, I do not anticipate any big challenge. I think the volatility witnessed was 
unprecedented but I think this quarter looks reasonable and positive and likewise next 
quarter should also be reasonable and positive but we should be pretty much consistent 
on our business run rate and the profit targets. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Sanjeev Sir like typically from your experience the way business is structured what kind of 
volatility in the prices is the business can manage. Like is something 50% that is 
unmanageable but like 10% volatility here and there is that unmanageable or we have some 
kind of gains on that. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
I think this is a very good question so at least the capacity of business as I mentioned to 
you for example a business which typically earns 4% margin that capacity to deal with 
the volatility bit typically if the price movement is anywhere between 4 to 8% or 7% that 
we need to manage anything more than that and which is very sudden in nature. See our 
ability to manage on a long term trend basis that the prices had lower or higher is much 
more easier sudden movement in the policy decisions some of the previous questions that 
was asked, the questionnaire that, sudden policy change. Sudden situation like war breaks 
out suddenly lockdown on accounts of COVID, I mean these events which are almost 
impossible to predict and impossible to manage so if you do not have such unforeseen 
events happening then our ability to manage the business effectively is much better. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
What is the kind of typical inventory that we carry in terms of days in the oil business? 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
So typically what happens is that our sales is typically about four and half lakh tonnes a 
quarter and it is actually increasing in a healthy way so we are doing well on that front. 
Typically the cycle time as I mentioned earlier that we have got three ways in which the 
purchase are done one is the purchase that you do which is still sitting with the supplier 
then the parcel then the physical inventory. So in terms of the physical inventory 
typically we would have between 15 to 25 days depending on the vessel arrival and how 
it works  etweenn the purchase and the afloat parcel it should add up to so for example 
in soya and sun the typical purchase afloat and physical would be about 45 to 50 days. In 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
case of palm the inventory cycle is very shorter so typically we would have about a 
month so net, net I would say on a blended basis on this four and half lakh tonne 
typically we would have about 2 to 2.2 lakh tonne is what we would have in the books. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
Basically one, one and half month kind of business. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Actually a month and half and that also as I mentioned that is the physical part of the 
business what we cash and then we would hedge also against that and how much we 
decide to hedge to what extent we should that is a decision with the traders and the 
purchase section has to take regularly basis the market situation as they emerge. 
Mr. Ankush Agarwal: 
That was very helpful Sir. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kuldeep Gangwar from ASK 
Investment Manager. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Kuldeep Gangwar: Hello good morning. First thing, in edible oil business what was the volume growth because 
the price element is leading to sales growth number but what was the volume growth which 
should be observed at even in time to come say in coming quarters or years. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Volume wise, we are used to have a run rate of typically about 1,25,000 to 1,35,000 
tonnes a month overall. Now we are clocking about 1.5 lakhs tonnes a month. Certainly, 
October was a record month so our purpose is not to sell volumes at any cost. Our 
purpose is that it has to be sold profitably, sensibly and distribution led but we believe 
that we would like to go back now and we would certainly maintain 4.5 lakh tonnes a 
quarter and we would possibly take it higher between 5 to 6% growth we should 
consistently maintain on top of that. 
Mr. Kuldeep Gangwar: So in this quarter volume growth Y-o-Y would be close to 10% is it correct understanding. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
In this third quarter we should be able close to about 5 to 7% growth we should get over 
4.5 lakh tonne, my estimation. Again, one small correction I am saying that we got of a 
massive spike in purchases in Diwali across the board for everything so that I think it we 
should do this quarter. We should again be able to match it to 4.5 lakh tonnes and maybe 
some growth in that. 
Mr. Kuldeep Gangwar: No I was asking about Q2. Q2 it was Y-o-Y 10% volume growth. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
It was more than 10%. 
Mr. Kuldeep Gangwar: Second part like food business what should be the growth expectation in coming quarters or 
years like run rate basis. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
See foods minus the nutrela and earlier products what we had. The purely the acquired 
part of the business that we are speaking about when we took over that business it had a 
run rate of about ₹1,000 Crores a quarter. Our target is that we should be able to grow 
that between 10 to 15% consistently over that so again as we mentioned earlier that the 
foods in the last quarter because of the early thing which was there but our expectations 
is that 15% growth typically should be adding about ₹600 Crores to the revenue is what 
our minimum objective should be and possibly more. 
Mr. Kuldeep Gangwar: Okay and last bit like trades payable have also increased significantly so is it because of the 
food business you are getting some benefit vis-à-vis March 2022 to September 2022. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes on the specific numbers Rajesh ji on the trade payable side if you can answer their 
question please. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
For the food obviously we are getting. Like I had explained earlier that some credit 
obviously we would extend for the food business. This is the nature of the business. 
Accordingly we got trade payables also, credit from the suppliers also. 
Mr. Kuldeep Gangwar: Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ketan Gindoria from Alfa Accurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Just wanted to understand about the nutraceutical business so this quarter we have done 
around ₹400 Crores of revenue with 35% margin so is this like now the new quarterly run 
rate for the nutraceutical business considering the last year revenue base was very small so 
what kind of revenue are you looking for nutraceutical segment for this year and next year. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, nutraceuticals the last quarter was obviously a very bumper quarter. It was aided by 
several steps including as you mentioned earlier that direct channel sales opening up so we 
are reasonably confident that we want to maintain run rate of 10% to 15% growth. Market is 
growing almost at 20% and over and above the market rate so we should be in a very 
healthy footing directionally. Nutraceuticals as you know maintaining the current quarter 
sales would be very difficult to accomplish, but I would imagine nutraceutical business 
overall for this year we should target anywhere between ₹700 to ₹800 Crores of revenue. 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Due to this direct channel opening up what kind of revenue benefit did we get in this 
quarter because filling of the channel pipeline if you can give any number of what sort of 
revenue came directly because of this. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Right now in terms of distinguishing between this particular channel because we added 
almost, the specific number I am unable to give right now but I think we should have 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
added at least ₹300 to 350 Crores of business through the new channels that we opened 
up. We had to see as I mentioned earlier also that how best we are able to sustain the new 
channel on the go so initially as it happens in every business there is a big push that is 
made through a new channel and after that the repeat orders and as they follow through in 
this quarter we would know exactly how it is so hopefully I think in the end of this 
quarter or maybe after the fourth quarter we should have a much better perspective on 
how the business is going to go forward through the new channels. 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Okay got it and lastly Sir wanted to understand on the oil business so this quarter I 
understand because of the heavy volatility of the price movement we had loss so from next 
quarter onwards we should be going back to our normalized margins of 2% to 4% or do you 
think there is still some time. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
We should be able to go. I mean that lag which was there in October that is largely 
behind us so now all the business that is occurring is at the same margin levels so we 
should be in a reasonably good position on that front, 
Mr. Ketan Gindoria: 
Okay and just one request Sir if it is possible for the oil business if you can give in the 
disclosure quarterly volume numbers because that helps us understand the actual underlying 
volume compared to the price movement. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Sure I think that can certainly be done and I will request Mr. Kumar Rajesh that we 
should work on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Amit Dange from Authum 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Amit Dange: 
Hi Sanjeev Sir can you throw light in terms of what is absolute number of EBITDA we are 
expecting for 2023 and 2024 including food and non food business and what can be in 2024 
for also the EBITDA in absolute terms for the food business if you can throw some light, 
overall EBITDA and how much it is contributing from the food business. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
So broadly Amit in terms of the next year 2023-2024 our target is that we should clearly 
and that is an objective I am laying out that we should be in the range of ₹2,200 to ₹2,400 
Crores of EBITDA margin is what the company is targeting for next year. 
Mr. Amit Dange: 
How much will be contributed from food business, non oil. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, the objective is and without going into the specifics of which business generates what 
our objective is that food business from the turnover perspective next year should be 
closer to about 25%, but from a margin contribution should be about 50% of the 
company’s profits. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Mr. Amit Dange: 
Understood and can you throw some light on the industry how overall industry has done in 
the last two quarters or till December because there is lot of volatility in the oil business in 
terms of pricing. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
I was hoping that this discussion will come up because as you see that across the board 
our significant competitors, our significant people the listed firms as well as the unlisted 
firms, there has been a massive problems they have faced exactly the way we have faced 
as well and all of them largely on account of the volatility in the market place, the 
published results are there for everyone to sort of see as to how they got impacted and 
including some of purest play FMCG companies they have had this challenge as well in 
terms of dealing with the volatility so pretty much everyone has been in the same boat 
and the ability to manage this kind of externally driven volatility is very difficult to 
manage so likewise it has happened, but I think it is normalizing and I am expecting that 
certainly our business because we have got a very strong orientation towards the food 
business now. There is a healthy growth. There are new acquisitions have happened. 
There is lot of good work on the new product development. On the distribution side we 
continue to work actively on building up a healthy pipeline of the new products on the 
nutraceutical side on the food business so that is evolving and developing so I am 
reasonably confident that one quarter one off challenge in the world at large should be 
behind us and we should be able to manage it. It has been a great learning also for 
everyone that these one off events can occur and how we manage and deal with it should 
be one of the prime drivers in the way we look at the business and how we manage it and 
this incidentally is not only us even international players some of the largest commodity, 
global players in ag and food businesses they have faced a pretty much similar situation. 
Mr. Amit Dange: 
Understood and Sir can you throw some light on hedging policy of our company. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
As I mentioned in the call we have our hedge accounts both at BMD and Chicago. We 
are very prudent about not carrying large exposures large position but that is always 
subject to some of the calls that need to be taken as to what extent one wishes to hedge 
and what does not so there is both bit of signs to it in terms of pure math. We have very 
strong board driven policy. There is a daily mark to market tracking. There are weekly 
calls. There are hedges which are available. As you know that Indian exchanges are 
banned right now so again we have to rely on the international exchange but short of that 
in terms of where we need to cut down our purchase, where we need to sell faster, how 
do we move things, turn those around and churn the inventory faster that bit is constantly 
on so that we never allow to get fretted away and that is a work which will continue to 
sort of we will work on that but it is very policy driven and not just you make a purchase 
in sale decision just like that. 
Mr. Amit Dange: 
Understood Sir just last thing can you throw some light on December quarter, Q3 any 
expected loss of inventory any idea on that side. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
No not at all. I am not expecting any inventory loss at all. In fact if at all as I mentioned 
maybe a few times on this call that we should be moving towards a better path so there is 
no question of any further inventory loss for the balance of the quarter. 
Mr. Amit Dange: 
Okay that is from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Dhiraj Mistry: 
You said that you had a turnover of almost ₹350 Crores in biscuits so what kind of 
margins to move again in biscuit business. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, biscuits typically our margin construct is 8 to 10%. Last quarter especially we had 
this because of high commodity prices on all three. Sugar was stable but oil and wheat 
prices were high so that is why it got impacted but last quarter to answer your question 
specifically we made 5.5% margin on that but typically it is about 10% business. 
Mr. Dhiraj Mistry: 
In your opening comments that oleo chemicals have turned into FMCG and other 
segments so what is the contribution of oleo chemical in this quarter. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Rajesh ji can answer that but it is very, very small. It is insignificant. It is good but very 
little relevance to the overall scheme of things. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Very small. Oleo chemicals, soap noodles etc, is just ₹40 odd Crores. 
Mr. Dhiraj Mistry: 
Sir just to reconcile on the FMCG revenue the ₹1,600 Crores which you said it is kind of 
acquired business. This acquired business we did in the July month or does it include any 
other business also. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
This includes the business we took over from Patanjali Ayurved Limited in the July 
month. 
Mr. Dhiraj Mistry: 
That is ₹1,600 Crores. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
₹1,600 includes honey and atta which we are carrying over from past also and it includes 
₹170 Crores of soya buddy, traditional food business of Ruchi Soya. 
Mr. Dhiraj Mistry: 
That is under nutrela brand. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Yes so ₹1,241 is pure acquired business from Patanjali Ayurved Limited since July. 
Mr. Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay got it. Thank you. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of R Kothari from JC Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 
Mr. R Kothari: 
Mr. Asthana and Mr. Rajesh I think it has been a mixed quarter and I think it has been a 
very volatile quarter and we can understand the reason why the inventory losses came but I 
would like to touch upon the food business how is the way we look at the business that the 
segment has about ₹2,700 Crores of capital employed against which you have a segment of 
liability of close to ₹1,300 Crores. The way my maths work is that there is a net capital 
employed of ₹1,400 Crores in your food business. If you see the current quarter the 
EBITDA is in the range of ₹600 odd Crores maybe this is an exceptional quarter and if you 
normalize it to more like ₹450 Crores of EBITDA and multiply that by four it is still a 
₹1,500 to ₹1,800 Crores EBITDA business this year on a run rate basis so the way I look at 
it is this a 100% ROCE business, this crude business on a net capital employed and 
therefore I want to know the expected cash flow because if this is the construct at some 
point when the trade payables and trade receivable normalize will this business post tax has 
the ability of throwing up ₹800 to ₹1,000 Crores of free cash so if you can answer to both 
these questions. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
So just I would like to mention here this business is acquired first time when we are 
doing this business first time here. So our debtors and creditors position relating to food 
business has been increased so that contributes to the overall capital employed and it will 
be normalized in due course obviously. As I have also mentioned in this call earlier that 
by the end of this year it will be normalized but some capital employed obviously will be 
there due to the nature of this business. We will have to extend some credit so obviously 
correspondingly we got the credit from the suppliers and vendors also. As far as free cash 
flow is concerned obviously we will get by end of this financial year. 
Mr. R Kothari: 
Mr. Rajesh my question was that is it 100% ROC business as it optically looks. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
This time, this quarter is an exceptional quarter for food business so due to the festive 
season and due to margin construct as explained by Asthana Sir earlier that is why this 
margin has come up in this quarter. As Asthana Sir said earlier this margin will not be 
sustained forever obviously it will be between 15 to 20% then it will be normalized. 
Mr. R Kothari: 
Even at 17 to 18% you generate a quarterly EBITDA of closer to ₹450 Crores. I am not 
talking of ₹620 even at ₹450 Crores the return on capital employed is close to 100% and it 
looks to be highly profitable and a robust business. To confirm whether what we are 
thinking is correct or not optically and factually. 
Mr. Kumar Rajesh: 
Basically you are correct. We got this business on a very less pricing. We got this whole 
food business on a price of ₹690 Crores so as far as fixed capital is concerned this is very 
much less so this is one of the reason. 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
There is two side one is in terms of the profitability of the business and the growth. It is a 
high margin very consistent business with predictable profitability. We have got a 
tremendous opportunity and with the acquisition of food business with some of the more 
marquee brands that we have on nutrela, on foods and other businesses we are very 
comfortable in maintaining not only the growth trend but also driving the volumes and 
building it up. I have already mentioned that on the revenue side our target is at least 15 
to 20% year on year growth. On margin construct we mentioned earlier that this was a 
business that we took over at 15% margin we want to up it up to closer to 18% and if we 
can maintain this run rate if we can maintain this thing and there is a reasonable 
confidence that we will able to accomplish all this then this business can be a very big 
cash generator for the company overall. 
Mr. R Kothari: 
Perfect thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question that the management 
could answer. I would now like to hand the conference to the management for closing 
comments. 
Mr. Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you and firstly my sincere thanks to all the investors who have joined the call 
today. I would like to summarize with couple of key points to leave you all with. Number 
one, I will address the more difficult part of the equation that in terms of how do we 
manage the oil business. We have got very strong governance around the hedging policy, 
hedging strategy so the company follows that strictly as to all the controls which are 
world class system has. We all have very good backgrounds from all these companies 
and we have demonstrated that earlier and this exactly will be maintained so whether it is 
a daily tracking of mark to market, whether it is value all the basic ingredients of what a 
world class policy are to work which is very much there in the company. The second 
point I want to mention on the oil business that one off events in a particular quarter 
which were unprecedented in scale and suddenness that has had an impact on the 
company’s bottom line which we are absolutely certain that which will not repeat 
themselves again. Of course one cannot ever predict future as to how this will go but an 
event which has not occurred for 20 years or series of events happening at the same time 
there is no likelihood that they will recur again so we are pretty confident on what we do 
and how we go about it and my third piece is that the company from a distribution 
perspective on the oil side, from the purchasing side, from the infrastructure side we are 
one of the top companies in terms of well invested supply chain infrastructure, processing 
infrastructure, distribution infrastructure and an outstanding team which is in play on the 
sales, purchase and supply chain side and we are pretty confident that these events there 
is a very strong capability which the company has to be able to manage and drive it that 
is on the oil business side. On the food business we have had an exceptional quarter 
while this may or may not happen. We will continue to work on it in terms of building it 
up and grow that and without a question while there will be some tapering on account of 

  
 
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Diwali one off bump that we got but we will continue to manage it effectively and we are 
reasonably confident of all the guidance that has been given earlier, we should be able to 
maintain that. Our third piece is that in the newer areas which did not get discussed 
whether massive work on the oil plantation side. The work that we are doing in terms of 
expansion of new products. The strength that we have on putting all the nuts and bolts in 
places of hiring all the missing positions of the business head and leaders in place that all 
has been worked out and we are very confident that we will be able to turn this company 
exactly in what the performance in the previous has been and we should be able to meet 
that performance. So with those words I thank you all again and we will get on with our 
business and we will continue to work and make sure that we are meeting all the 
objectives as it has been read out in the earlier discussions and even today as well. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English 
language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking so as to improve the overall readability. 
 
