THRU ONLINE FILING 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy T ewers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 023 
Scrip Code - 524494 
Dear Sirs, 
Dear Sirs, 
November 16,· 2022 
National Stock Exchange India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra -(East). 
Mumbai-400051. 
Scrip Code: IPCALAB 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
. 
. 
and Disclosure Requirements) Reg.ulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith transcript of 
our Conference Call which was held on Monday, 141h November, 2022 to discuss the 
Company's Q2FY23 earnings and business update. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For lpca Laboratories Limited 
Harish P. Kamath 
Corporate Counsel & Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
lpca Laboratories Ltd. 
. 
www.ipca.com 
125, Kandivli Industrial Estate, CTS No. 328, Kandivli (West), Mumbai 400 067 (Maharashtra), India I T: +91 22 6210 5000 F: +91 22 6210 5005 
Regd. Office: 48, Kandivli Industrial Estate, Kandivli (West), Mumbai 400 067 (Maharashtra), India I T: +91 22 6647 4444 
E: ipca@ipca.com CIN: L24239MH 1 949PLC007837 
-
------
--~-----
HARISH 
PANDURANG 
KAMATH
Digitally signed by HARISH PANDURANG KAMATH 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
2.5.4.20=3e5648a57390d9262997da3de9051643bfb87e35
2b111402af42d207e52e25c6, postalCode=400063, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=72050fb9fadcbc5de6404685117b8355792f
5784c7617d9c4cae2a3887d6b809, cn=HARISH 
PANDURANG KAMATH 
Date: 2022.11.16 13:48:00 +05'30'

Transcript – IPCA Laboratorie
 Event 
 Event 
CORPORATE PA
Mr. A. K. Jain  
Joint Managing Dire
Mr. Harish Kamath
Corporate Counsel
Q&A PARTICIPA
1. Nikhil Mathur
2. Surya Patra
3. Kunal Randeria
4. Amit kadam
5. Chirag Dagli
6. Ms. Damayanti Ke
7. Tushar Manudhan
8. Rashmi
9. Rahul Jeewani
es Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
IPCA Laboratories 
 Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
Date / Time 
 :  14/11/2022, 16:30 H
Duration      
  :  51 mins 33 secs 
ARTICIPANTS: 
ector 
h 
 and Company Secretary 
ANTS: 
: HDFC Mutual Funds 
: Phillip Capital India Pvt ltd 
: Antique Stock 
: Canara Robeco Mutual Fund 
: DSP Blackrock 
erai
: HSBC 
ne
: Motilal Oswal 
: Dolat capital 
: IIFL Securities Limited 
 - 1 - 
Hrs. 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 2 - 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Kritika, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to 
IPCA Laboratories, Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors 
Limited. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the ‘listen only’ mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should any assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touch tone 
telephone. Please note this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
 
Nitin Agarwal 
 
Thank you. Hi, good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to IPCA Labs’ Q2 FY23 
post earnings call hosted by Dam Capital Advisors Private Limited. On the call, to represent 
today, IPCA Lab management, we have Mr. A. K. Jain, Joint Managing Director and Mr. Harish 
Kamath, Corporate Counsel and Company Secretary. I'll hand over the call to the management 
team to make the opening comments and then we'll take it forward from there. 
 
Management Team 
 
Thanks Nitin and Dam Capital Advisors for organizing this call. Good afternoon to all 
participants. And thanks for taking out time and joining us for Q2 FY23 Earning Call. Today's 
earning call and discussions and answer given may include some forward-looking statements 
based on our current business expectations that must be viewed in conjunction with risks that 
pharmaceutical industry faces, or actual future financial performance may differ from what is 
projected and perceived. You may take your own judgment on the information given during the 
call. 
 
Domestic formulation business for the quarter [inaudible 00:01:53] 10% growth, and domestic 
antimalarial business has shown a decline of almost, around 19% for the quarter. IPCA is 
second fastest growing in IPM among the top 20 players in mid-September 2022. We have 
gained 3 ranks over 2018, and now we are 17th player, rank 17 In IPM. Most therapy growth is 
better than the Indian pharmaceutical market mid-September 2022. Except the cardiovascular 
therapy, where we have reorganized and restructured our business to build a strong focus, the 
teams are stabilizing now, and we will see much better results in future. 
 
Our market share has improved to 1.86% in last 4 years from 1.59% in 2018 and for Q2 FY23, 
our market share has further improved to around 1.91% overall of the pharmaceutical market. 
Our export promotional business has delivered a growth of almost around 33% for the quarter. 
Export generic business, including institutional, has delivered almost around 8% growth for the 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 3 - 
 
 
quarter. Institutional business per se, has delivered around 12% growth and generics has 
delivered around 4% growth for the quarter. Our active pharmaceutical business has declined 
by around 15% for the quarter, mainly due to the lower demand in Latin America and Asia and 
pricing pressures witnessed in this business.  
 
Our overall, for the year, API business is expected to deliver a negative growth of around 2% for 
the whole of the financial year 2023. Material cost to income is at around 32.83% for Q2 FY23 
as against 33.09 for the same period last year. There is an improvement of around 0.26%. We 
are seeing the softening trend in prices of intermediate and starting material, some of like 
solvents, API, your aluminum foil, plastic, PVC, PVDC. The paper marginal cost has gone up for 
paper and even glass product, that has slightly gone up. In overall, on the other expenditure 
side, there is an overall increase of almost around 23% for the quarter.  
 
And this increase is mainly on account of two head, one is energy cost for the quarter is almost 
higher by almost around 16 crores because of increase in the overall coal prices, SSD prices, 
and electricity rate revisions by the state electricity boards and all. And marketing costs have 
significantly gone up. The marketing costs has also gone up on account of overall increase in 
the sales strength, significant increase in sales strength in the current financial year in Q1-Q2. 
EBITDA margins have declined to around 21.04% for the quarter on standalone accounts basis 
as against 23.05% in same period last financial year. Having given the broad numbers, now I 
request my friends to ask questions. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If 
you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to 
ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 
again. I repeat, ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1on your 
telephone keypad. We will wait for a moment while the question que assembles. First question 
comes from Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Mathur 
 
Yeah, hi, good evening, everyone. My first question is on the RM front. We were able to that RM 
prices are kind of softening. So, can you give some indication on key RMs model of prices today 
and what they were six months back? How much decline have you witnessed, and how far are 
we from, say 1 year, 2 years back? 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 4 - 
 
 
Management Team 
 
I would say that, almost around, on material to material wise, somewhere there are almost 
around 30-40% decrease, somewhere there is around 18-20% decrease, in somewhere around 
8-9% decrease on the main raw material, we are today consuming. That’s the overall on RM 
side. On, broadly on API side let's say, product like paracetamol and all, there almost around 
18-20% kind of decreases are there. Product like Erythromycin or Pantoprazole or Aceclofenac 
we consume, there are around 10-15% kind of overall decrease is there on those kinds of 
materials. And if you look at the, your solvent prices, solvent prices have gone up by almost 2%, 
but overall, other solvents, like say Acetone, IPA, Methanol, and MDC is around 9-17%, is 
overall decline in all those materials. 
 
That's overall range which we have. And like on metal prices, if you look at Aluminum foil, from, 
which used to be a year back around Rs. 300, now come to around Rs. 200, a level. LULU foil, 
from 400 to almost around close to Rs. 320, kind of a little less than Rs. 320 or maybe the caps 
we use on bottle from Rs. 400 to Rs. 320 - 325. That's the kind of range. Plastic PVDC similar 
kind of trends, trends are there around, almost around somewhere 30-35, 16 to 30-35% kind of 
reductions are there. 
 
So, those kinds of prices trends are there. And on energy front also, if you look at the coal, used 
to be almost around Rs. 15 / Kg. Now it has come to around Rs. 12-12.90 / Kg. Furnace oil, 
from, I think, per metric ton, from 70,000 has come to around Rs. 44,000 - 45,000 level. So, 
that's the kind of decline is there. But, somewhere, like say, your, what we are using is biofuel, 
those prices have gone up from, maybe around Rs. 7 a Kilo to almost around Rs. 8.7-8.8 per 
Kilo. So, it's-- somewhere prices have gone up, but majority of the prices are coming down. 
 
Nikhil Mathur 
 
Right. So, but Sir can, again if I look at the mix, mix must improve right, on last couple of 
quarters basis and the prices have come up, so, why is gross margin still way short of what we 
used to do, let's say pre-COVID? 
 
Management Team 
 
Let's say, the gross margin, there is an improvement, but there is always a time lag because 
you keep on buying every month by month. Inventory prices are going down and you have 
inventory. So first you consume the-- we follow the FIFO method. So that impact will, greater 
impact will come now in the coming quarters, earlier, in first quarter level, when we were 
consuming material the prices of whatever there in inventory was very, very high compared to 
what is prevailing today. And what we bought in Q1 compared to the second quarter inventory, 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 5 - 
 
 
but Q1 whatever buying’s are there, that getting consumed in Q2. So, that process is on, but I 
think overall impact will start coming in the subsequent months, and impact has already started 
coming in, little bit. 
 
Nikhil Mathur 
 
Okay, got it Sir. Second question is around India? Can you help me with the growth x of 
antimalaria and [inaudible 00:10:32]. 
 
Management Team 
 
I think excluding antimalarials, our growth is almost on 13%. 
 
Nikhil Mathur 
 
Okay, so Sir, I mean, if I remember correctly here, almost 1200 MRs have been added in last 2-
3 quarters. Why isn't the positive impact of those MR additions yet reflecting in numbers? 
 
Management Team 
 
I didn't get you. 
 
Nikhil Mathur 
 
So, my point is that the steady present growth, it would have a component of obviously volume 
and pricing increase as well. It doesn't seem that the kind of MR additions that we have done, 
almost 30% of the [inaudible 00:11:07] increase in over the last 2-3 quarters and the 
prescription uptake is not yet visible in domestic sales numbers. So, any reason why? 
 
Management Team 
 
Domestic we are already-- among the top 20 companies, we are the second highest growing 
company. The market growth is very bad. We are going around one and a half times the market 
growth overall. And whenever you recruit the new people, it take time to-- for them to become 
productive. It will take almost around 2 years’ time for them to start giving breakeven to the 
company. So, an initial 2, 3 months goes in their trainings and over all induction in the field and 
all that. So, they don't become immediately productive. So right now, in the 2nd quarter, they are 
the burdens on-- as far as the cost is concerned, there are hardly any productivity is expected. 
It’s only now some kind of impact will start coming in, but overall, we will not be recovering 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 6 - 
 
 
costs. It will take almost around 2 years’ time to do even recover their costs. 3rd year onwards 
they will start contributing profits to the company. 
 
Nikhil Mathur 
 
One last question on this only. Can you quantify the extent of cost build up, I mean, how much 
of cost is sitting and absorbed today in the P&L from these MR additions and marketing 
initiatives that you alluded to? 
 
Management Team 
 
No, we don't segregate the cost on new people and old people, all that. That doesn't happen. 
I'm telling you generally that’s the trend. [multiple people]. An overall cost increase only on 
account of addition of people will be anywhere between 120 crore to 150 crore for the whole of 
the year. And people are not added at a time. So, in this financial area itself, maybe around-- it's 
around 100 crore kind of overall cost impact will be there for the whole of the financial year, on 
the new people addition during the year. 
 
Nikhil Mathur 
 
Sure Sir got it. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir. Next question comes from Surya Patra, from Phillip Capital India Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Surya Patra 
 
Hello, thanks for the opportunity, Sir. And I mean in delivering kind of okay kind of results 
despite the challenges. So, first question is on the UK market, where we have been registering 
out of our own 43 odd products, who are only from the third-party name, what is the progress 
there at the end of- what is the annualized revenue rate that we have achieved so far for our 
own registration base products? 
 
Management Team 
 
Say 1st two quarters are impacted because of the overall significant business around that time 
we had with Bristol. So, that business is not there in 1st two quarter. From Q3 onwards the 
business was hardly anything, it may be around 9-10 crore of our distributor related business. 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 7 - 
 
 
So, we will start seeing good growth, as far as the UK business is concerned, in the second half 
of the year. And overall, for the year, there will be marginal decline will be there in the business, 
but the business progression has been very good.  
 
We have, whatever product we have launched we have got good amount of market share on 
those kinds of products and there are at least around 7 to 8 products are under launch currently. 
Including SPUs, it will be maybe around more than around 20 products will be there and for our 
launch in the next second half of the year. So, we are seeing a good traction coming on as far 
as UK is concerned and whatever products we have launched we have had a good market 
share in on those kinds of products. 
 
Surya Patra 
 
Okay Sir. So, my second question is, let's say on the API, a underperformance what we have 
seen. There could be multiple reasons. Reason could be Saturn also, could be the non-
activation of the purified process, what we had filed for the recondition and all that. So, two 
things here Sir, could you give us some sense of what is the outlook for your API business here 
on for the export market? That is one. And Saturn is a category, what is your outlook there, 
because there are  enhanced competition, that is what we are witnessing, some other people 
who are claiming about qualitative product compared to [inaudible 00:15:58] product bases. 
 
Management Team 
 
As far as API business is concerned, this impact is mostly not on account of Saturn. Saturn has 
impacted, but it's only very small. The major geographies where the impact has come is, one is 
Latin America, and one is Asia. These are the two geographies where the major impact we have 
seen is, basically because of slowdown in the demand and customers postponing the order 
executions. That's what's the one of the major reason and also there is a significant-- because 
there is a slowness in demand, there is also a significant pricing pressure. So, that is also there.  
 
So, on that account, there is an overall decline in API business. And, if you look at 
geographically, it’s only the two geographies where we have done well in European markets, we 
have done in well in other like [inaudible 00:17:00] market, we did well. And India Business 
also was good, but it's only the Latin and your Asia business that has given us a decline of 
almost around 50 crore of business in API industry. And overall, for the year, the overall API 
business, there will be some recovery and we see that overall, for the year API business may 
see around 2 to 3% kind of decline. So, there will be some recovery is expected in the 2nd half of 
the year. 
 
Surya Patra 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 8 - 
 
 
 
Okay, and Saturn as a category Sir? 
 
Management Team 
 
Saturn as a category has a significant pricing pressure. So that's also resulting in the overall 
lower business. But that's not the only reason. Saturn has not done that bad in the quarter. 
Saturn decline is very, very small, but it’s an overall decline is there, in there because of low 
demand and pricing pressure. 
 
Surya Patra 
 
Okay. So, regards the institutional business, considering the kind of launch of antimalarial 
vaccines in various areas and all that, and the pricing pressure that is there for institutional 
business, generally what outlook one should build for your institutional business, going ahead 
Sir? 
 
Management Team 
 
Vaccine has not made any significant impact as far as the antimalarial business is concerned in 
the market. And anyway, with the vaccine some kind of antimalarial drugs will also need to be 
given. So, that's not likely to have an impact. But in the current financial year, I'd say that this is 
a year where the retendering was done and all that, and because of that, there is a-- some kind 
of slowdown in ordering. So that's the reason we have said that this year overall antimalarial 
business may not grow.  
 
But as such, also, we don't foresee a very great, long term, let's say, or medium-term increase 
in antimalarial business, because by and large, because of all these climatic conditions and all, 
antimalarial as a category itself is not doing that well. And India, this business has significantly 
declined. Currently, let's say, this businesses are happening in other markets, but we don't know 
what kind of impact that might have in future. So, we are not projecting a significant growth as 
far as this category of business is concerned. And on institutional business we are there are 
only antimalarials. So, that's the kind of scenario over a longer period of time. 
 
Surya Patra 
 
Okay, just last question Sir, from my side. About the Dewas, whether the second unit has 
commissioned? The new, second unit, and what is the utilization of the first unit and obviously 
you have already indicated that Dewas first unit will be contributing meaningfully starting next 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 9 - 
 
 
year. But what is the current status of that and also, if you can say something about the 
progress in the Nagpur site. 
 
Management Team 
 
See, Dewas, we have planned to validate almost around 10 APIs and that validation programs 
have started. And after starting our validation programs, we had to do around 6 months stability 
and then, each market regulatory filings will start happening. So, it has very recently started the 
first page, we started some intermediate business from unit 1, for our captive consumption, that 
did not contribute any kind of top line to the company. So, and now since that phase is over, so 
we have started now, started validating API. So, during the next 1-year time, almost around 10 
APIs will be validated there.  
 
And filing will start from now, or at least around 6 months’ time, the 1st filing will start take place 
from that site. And thereafter, say at least 4 or 5 filings happens, European authorities and other 
authorities will start, maybe after filing maybe 3, 4 months, 5 months after, at least some 
regulatory inspections should start happening and business will scale up only after that. So, we 
see that overall, for 1 year nothing meaningful contributions would come from this site, till the 
time we file all the products and till the time regulatory inspections of the site happens. 
 
Surya Patra 
 
Okay. Sure, Sir, Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir. Next question comes from Kunal Randeria from Antique Stock. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Kunal Randeria 
 
Yeah, hi, Kunal here. So, Sir, on the API business, as to probe a bit more. Can you tell us what 
exactly is the issue? I mean, why is there lower demand or why are customers postponing their 
orders? Is it because anticipate better pricing in the coming months or what exactly is 
happening here? 
 
Management Team 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 10 - 
 
 
See, India itself market has started, say, having overall lower growth. So similar kind of trend is 
also there in other markets. That, there is a-- demand slowdown is there in the market. So, 
that's a factor which is contributing. 
 
 
 
Kunal Randeria 
 
Okay, so demand slowed down. And Sir, I think. 
 
Management Team 
 
The market is not growing to that level which they were growing earlier. 
 
Kunal Randeria 
 
And Sir, this is happening across the world or is there any specific market you would like to call 
out? 
 
Management Team 
 
I think that the greater impact we have seen is one is in Latin and another in Asia. 
 
Kunal Randeria 
 
Okay, got it Sir. Sure. Then the second question from the branded business, I have seen a bit 
lumpy, rather generic, which export business, being a bit lumpy. Perhaps it's because of the 
Ukraine issue. So, should we consider this quarter as the base or was an element of some 
channels selling also happening here? 
 
Management Team 
 
What has happened that, as we have talked earlier in call, that when Ukraine war started, we 
were not sure because currency was at very, very high level and at what level it will get settled 
and all that and it will start selling aggressively around that time, that will result in a huge 
amount of losses. But, because Rubel-Dollar around that time practically was more than double 
than the current level. So, that was the scenario earlier. So, we didn't make that kind of 
shipment. We significantly reduced the overall inventories in those markets with the stock list 
and all, with our distributors and all. 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 11 - 
 
 
And when they started stabilizing around 60-70 level, we started making shipments. So, first 
quarter there was some kind of overall decline, but not even in account of sales in that market, 
on account of overall reduction in the inventories in the market. And some of those inventories 
were replenished in this quarter. What we see that, this quarter as far as the [inaudible 
00:24:39] market is concerned because of air-shipment, it has almost around practically 
doubled the business, around 93% kind of growth. But our projection for the whole of the year in 
that market, the [inaudible 00:24:52] market, growth is around 15% and we are on track. 
 
Kunal Randeria 
 
Got it Sir. And just last one. So, if I were to sort of take a 3-year view on your domestic 
business, how do you see the composition changing, in reference to, still expect the same to be 
a growth driver and its contribution to move up from say 50% to 60%, or all the other therapies 
should grow just as quickly as [inaudible 00:25:19]. 
 
Management Team 
 
See, most of our therapies are growing, except say, little, because of this year, we have 
reorganized our Cardiac business. So, they're just having some kind of some lower growth. 
Lower growth is there on Cardiac business compared to market. But, all other therapies, we are 
growing faster than the market. So, the neuro therapies are all doing very well. But pain forms, 
say, a significant part of our business. It's almost around 50% of business is pain, and pain 
include both Rheumatoid, Arthritis and Osteoarthritis. In both segments, we have been, let's say 
compared to the market growth, our growth is significant, significantly higher, is practically 
around, if you look at, I will just give the number, one minute. 
 
As far as the pain is concerned, I think overall market is growing by around 12%, and we are 
growing, I think, in September mid, so it's the 1st 2 quarters business, almost around 21% is the 
growth in the pain segment. Whereas if you look at the cardiac market, the market is growing by 
7%; We have grown by 4%. As far as anti-infectives are concerned, market has grown by 
around 4%; we have grown by 5%. Dermatology, market has grown by 3%; we have grown by 
14%. Then on cough and cold and that kind of portfolio market has grown by 12%; we have 
grown by 24%.  
 
Then on CNS segment, market growth was 9%; we have grown by 30%. Urology market growth 
was 17%, we have grown by around 35%. And after market growth was around 13%; we have 
grown by over 21%. So that's the kind of overall numbers we have as far as therapy device is 
concerned. And this number is what we are talking is as per this IQR number. 
 
Kunal Randeria 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 12 - 
 
 
 
Got it. And this, just this one last one. So there have been reports in the media since the last 
couple of months that the government is looking to ban Aceclofenac combinations. Just want to 
gather your thoughts on this. 
 
 
 
Management Team 
 
There is no such report, that market is, government is looking to ban any kind of Aceclofenac 
asides that's the wrong reading of the report. The report was saying that last quarter, that it was 
parliamentary question-answer that, relating to one of our products, which is there. Others are 
also there in that market. That has been the product which was earlier, it was covered under 
that 300 and some drugs which was covered under Madras High Court, and then the 
government of India appointed Kokate committee and Kokate committee has gone into, and 
then thereafter the Drug Technical Advisory Board has reviewed and finally that combination is 
approved in the market.  
 
We have approval from the DCGI of that combinations. So maybe almost around a year back 
that approval has come. But you need to generate the kind of, with that approval, one rider was 
there that you need to generate some kind of data and give it to them, safety and efficacy data. 
Now, if you look at safety, millions and millions of people are every month receiving those kinds 
of doses. So, there are no side effects. So, the question of anything going wrong on safety, 
efficacy of data does not arise. So that's not the issue. But we have submitted the protocol to 
the government, but our government has yet to approve the protocol.  
 
So, once the protocol approval-- and that's wherever protocols were to be approved for industry 
player, none of the player has got any kind of approval because government is in COVID time, 
they have not approved any kind of thing and subsequently they’re looking into it. Hopefully 
there will be approval of protocol. It will take 6 months’ time to generate those kinds of data and 
submit to the government. But product approvals are already there in hand. So absolutely, 
there's absolutely zero risk as far as that product is concerned. 
 
Kunal Randeria 
 
Okay, thank you and all the best. 
 
Moderator 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 13 - 
 
 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. I repeat. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. We will wait for a moment while the question que assembles. We are having a question 
from Amit Kadam from Canara Robeco Mutual Fund. 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 14 - 
 
 
Amit Kadam 
 
Yeah. Hi. Good evening, Sir. Am I audible? 
 
Management Team 
 
Yeah, good evening. 
 
Amit Kadam 
 
Yeah, Sir, my question is on other expense. I think you've partly explained also. But then I just 
want further clarity on it. So, this quarter, we had other expenses of somewhere around 435 odd 
crore, which is sequentially, it's like 35 crore higher than Q1, of which you mentioned that 16 
crore is related to the higher power costs-- that sequentially there was 16 crore higher power 
costs. But that balance part is because of the marketing cost and promotional costs, is it that 
fully related to that particular thing? 
 
Management Team 
 
95% of this increase in the cost on other expenditure is only because of these two heads, one is 
the fuel and power, and second one is marketing cost. Because of let's say, once the COVID 
started opening up-- during COVID time, there was hardly any, neither there was domestic 
travel, and international travel. So, travel costs have gone up. We have recruited almost around, 
more than 1200 people, overall increase will be 1500 people during the year. So, their traveling 
cost is also the part of it. And because petroleum prices have gone up, their overall traveling 
costs itself has gone up, per kilometer rates and all those has moved up. So, people increase, 
travel cost increases and also promotional costs increase. 
 
These are the main factors for overall increase in-- plus some expenditures have gone up on 
analysis side because lot of this Nitrosamines related impurity testing’s and all, we have a lot of 
equipment ourselves in the company, but some of the validation studies or some kind of method 
development studies and all which, in order to get it faster, we are also using outside services. 
So, that cost has a little moved up. And also, during COVID-19, overall maintenance is of the 
plants and all because agencies were not available and all that. So, those activities have also 
gone up and therefore little repair cost is higher. But, by and large, the marketing costs, which 
include fill staff costs, travel costs, the power and energy costs. These are the major factors, 
which has increased your other expenditure. 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 15 - 
 
 
Amit Kadam 
 
So, just an extension to this thing, so, how do we look at this cost, like 435 crore, how do we 
see this as a quarterly run rate going ahead, like example, like power cost, which is like a 16 
crore, I think that it is subjected to how the coal price behave. But the balance, which is 
marketing and everything, it may not be complete, temporary one, because some part is related 
to the increase in MR. So, that will continue. So, just wanted to know what the sustainable and 
what is just like something which is temporary, something training, and I think which would fade 
away. Just wanted to know the bifurcation, so that will help me to properly gauge what is a 
sustainable OpEx, and how do we see this going forward? Thank you. 
 
Management Team 
 
Normally trend is of marketing cost is that the Q2 and Q3, it is at a higher level. Q1 and Q4 is 
normally at lower level. So, I would not say that it is linearly, it is going up or going down. But it 
also depends on, these are the 2 periods where we have major domestic businesses coming in. 
And so, therefore, major spending also happens in this particular quarter, Q2 and a little lower in 
the Q3. Q4 comes down significantly because more of those kinds of, our domestic sales also 
come down in the in the Q4 because of a lot of seasonality and other factors. 
 
So, the trend of marketing costs in current year would remain high. I will say that we are done 
the CAGR of that expenditure from 2019-20 and that growth is around 10%. So compared to 
because, lot of these costs looking higher, because then later part of the COVID period, we 
have not spent that kind of money which was happening earlier. So that's also one of the 
factors. So, from next financial year it will become like a normal cost increase of around 8-10% 
kind of. 
 
Amit Kadam 
 
So, is it like maybe for next year, whatever the base, what we form in FY23, from there, this 
numbers could just be growing at like 10 odd percent? 
 
Management Team 
 
Yeah, 8-10%. Right. 
 
Amit Kadam 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 16 - 
 
 
8-10. Okay and this particular thing, with that signal, volatility and OpEx and oil, coal price, hard 
to infer what will be the correct number, but it will broadly remain in this current range for the 
balance part of the year. They will form a base for FY23. 
 
Management Team 
 
Yes 
 
Amit Kadam 
 
Okay, I am done. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir. Next question comes from Chirag Dagli from DSP Blackrock. Please go ahead 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Yes Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, what does the INR weakening mean for us? 
 
Management Team 
 
Chirag, if you see that way, the Q2 realization of the USD for example is actually lower than the 
price oddities is there today. So, even at todays’ USD-INR rate also, I will benefit if it continues 
like this for another 2 quarters. My average realization for 1st half of the current year is, USD is 
less than Rs. 80 / Dollar. 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Okay. So, if this remain where we are then 6 months down the line, we will start benefiting. 
 
Management Team 
 
In fact, if we look at in the Q2, our currency realizations on dollar were around 79.85. But other 
currencies which are cross currency there, that realizations have gone down by almost around 
7-8%, like Sterling, Euro, New Zealand Dollar. Australian Dollar was around 2% kind of lower 
realization. So, most other currencies, there was a lower kind of realization compared to dollar. 
Now Dollar accounts for almost around 60% of business and other currencies account for 40. 
So, now Dollar, Rupees have little gone, but I think Dollar, Rupee realization in coming months 
will remain higher than 79.85. but cross currency realizations will improve because dollar Index 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 17 - 
 
 
is going down and other currencies are moving up. So, hopefully that will be beneficial in time to 
come. 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Understood sir. And Sir What is our overall margin outlook. We are seeing quarters being very 
volatile, especially for margins, given the large, fixed cost base that we are getting on the P&L. 
So, if you just think about the sustainable margin for the business and this is not this year, but 
generally, how are you thinking about margins? 
 
Management Team 
 
I think that our EBITDA margin should remain around 21%. That's what we have given forecast 
last, we have guided in last, Q1 end. This year, this quarter also is around that and hopefully it 
will remain at that level. Because material costs trend is better and except these energy cost 
and marketing costs these are the two factors. So, overall, it should be around 21% for the year. 
For the rest of the period  
 
Management Team 
 
Chirag, these people who are added, they also go on giving us benefit quarter after quarter. 
Even that will also add little bit to my EBITDA margin going ahead. 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Understood Sir. And the India Business margin should be materially higher than this 21 
 
Management Team 
 
Our India Business gross margins are at a consistent level of 67-68% always. It has not 
materially changed. 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Understood. And Sir, the last question was on Dewas, you talked about the second unit, and 
you talked about 10 products? Is this for the continuous manufacturing? 
 
Management Team 
 
Not continuous manufacturing. 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 18 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Understood, any update? 
 
Management Team 
 
[inaudible 00:39:13] but, not continuous manufacturing, it's not continuous manufacturing. 
Continuous manufacturing with our plant at Aurangabad. We are likely to put second plant 
outside also at Aurangabad. That's under process. 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Any update on, if you've had any successes on continuous manufacturing for any products? 
 
Management Team 
 
It's too early to give, a lot of work is happening and is bound to succeed but it will take time 
because it's all a lot of R&D and other things are involved. Some of the steps what we are 
currently doing, we had significant success. Some of the chemistries are, we are still consulting 
where we more particularly using this corrosive chemical like Phosphoric acid and Phosphorus 
Oxychloride, we are yet to get some kind of answers and all. So, today, those kinds of products, 
everything is not going on continuous basis. There are some steps which are we are yet to get 
the answers are on conventional basis, some other steps are on continuous basis. So, it's a mix 
kind of thing. 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Understood, okay Sir, thank you so much. 
 
Management Team 
 
A lot of learnings are happening and with the time we will learn more. 
 
Chirag Dagli 
 
Okay, Sir. Thank you. 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 19 - 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir. Next question comes from Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
 
Damayanti Kerai 
 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, any update on potential FDA inspection for the effective 
plant and what are the current utilization for the existing facilities? 
 
Management Team 
 
No, madam as far as US FDA is concerned, we are awaiting re-inspection. It is status quo. As 
far as the plant utilization is concerned, there were 2 formulation manufacturing units which 
were meant for US market, out of which the Silvassa facility is, maybe working at 15-20% 
capacity. This Silvassa facility was recently inspected by UK, MHRA. Hopefully we should get 
accreditation in a month or so, and the second facility which is there in SEZ, Indore. That is 
working at around the 35-40% capacity. That facility we are using for Europe, Canada, 
Australia, New Zealand and South Africa market. 
 
Damayanti Kerai 
 
Okay. So, is there a possibility we will further increase utilization of the Indore plant for export 
market because we are yet to hear back from the? 
 
Management Team 
 
As and when there is a demand, and the quantity requirements increase. We are working on all 
that. 
 
Damayanti Kerai 
 
Okay, Sir. My second question is on the MR addition front, you are done right whatever you 
have targeted and now focus is on scaling. 
 
Management Team 
 
That is right. Correct. Right. 
 
Damayanti Kerai 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 20 - 
 
 
Okay.  Right. And my last question is, how should we look at our tax rate for this year and then 
coming year also? 
 
 
Management Team  
 
As we explained in the last quarter comm call, we are now at 25% tax rate. But there are certain 
expenditures which are not allowed as a deduction. For example, CSR expenses. Even though 
it is mandatory, you don't get any tax advantage on that. Similarly, there are certain marketing 
expenses. Because of Supreme Court judgment, we don't take tax benefit on such expenses. 
Because of all this, our tax rate will be 25% plus another, maybe around 3% more because of all 
these disallowances. 
 
Management Team 
 
There will be some kind of element of deferred tax credit, deferred tax also, because whatever 
facility you're recently put, there, add depreciation allowance. So deferred tax put together 
maybe around 28-29% kind of overall tax rate. 
 
Damayanti Kerai 
 
28-29% is the rate at which we can work with. 
 
Management Team 
 
Yeah. 
 
Damayanti Kerai 
 
Okay Sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Madam. Next question comes from Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Tushar Manudhane 
 
So just on this cardiovascular therapy in the opening remarks, you refer to some restructuring. 
Can you elaborate on that? 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 21 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Team 
 
We have added more division and more people, who are a little bit restructuring of the existing 
product going to a new division, those things have also happened. But, it will get streamlined, 
will be a question of a quarter or 1 more. 
 
Tushar Manudhane 
 
Okay, so particularly for this quarter, what has been the growth of this, for cardiovascular 
therapy? 
 
Management Team 
 
As per IMS data, our cardiovascular divisions are growing around 4% and market maybe 
growing around 6%. That is what Mr. Jain, said. Our growth in the Cardiovascular is lower than 
the market growth. So, except there therapy, in all other therapy our growth is better than the 
market growth. 
 
Tushar Manudhane 
 
Got it. And just lastly on the Dewas facility, how much operation cost to be there in the P&L 
now? 
 
Management Team 
 
Till now the cost is hardly any because it's commercialized now. Cost addition will be greater 
[inaudible 00:44:47] in the 2nd half. Cost may remain at, may be around two and half Crore per 
month roughly, plus additional depreciation whatever is there. 
 
Tushar Manudhane 
 
Understood Sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir. Next question comes from Rashmi from Dolat Capital. 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 22 - 
 
 
 
Rashmi 
 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity first. Can you update on Ramdev plant and Lyka plant? In 
Ramdev plant, I think last year, as you mentioned that, we were looking to file some products for 
the European market. Have you done that and when do we expect approval and the 
commercialization of those products, and currently is it taking only to the domestic market or the 
rest of the world market? And second question is on Lyka plant, I think, again from this plant, 
have we started supplying products to any of the market, it is update on that thing and also on 
the capacity utilization for both the plants. 
 
Management Team 
 
Ramdev, Rashmi many products’ development work is ongoing. A few products are at the late 
stage and one more, few product also, we have also filed dossier. That to get commercial 
benefit out of that will take time, because you will need the product registration and all. See, 
earlier most of their business was coming from intermediate sale which we have more or less 
completely stopped now. So, it maybe another 3, 4 quarters for Ramdev to come to its full 
capacity utilization. As far as Lyka is concerned, [inaudible 00:46:35] work is ongoing. 
 
Rashmi 
 
So, from the Lyka plant, we are not currently catering to any market, right? 
 
Management Team 
 
No, that is what I said, we are taking to market where I am promoting my branded formulation. 
That is one of the reason why we acquired some stake in this company. The product dossiers 
are being prepared and they will be filed in many countries going forward. But then filing and 
ultimate registration and commercialization will take time. There is a gestation period in this 
business. 
 
Rashmi 
 
Okay, for both the plants? 
 
Management Team 
 
Country to country registration time also varies. Somewhere you get registration in 6 months, 
somewhere you get registration in 1 year, 2 year, some places even 3 years. 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 23 - 
 
 
 
Rashmi 
 
Okay. And Sir, on the guidance part, do you maintain your guidance for India market, then 
generic market, what you have given in the last quarter. 
 
 
 
Management Team 
 
[inaudible 00:47:36] business where we gave guidance of about 5% growth. Instead of that we 
believe by the end of this year, there will be some degrowth, 2-3%. Other than this all-other 
guidance, whatever are given, we will maintain that. 
 
Rashmi 
 
Okay. And on the EBITDA margin front, this year I understand that you also mentioned that 
there would be, operational costs will be still high and we have added people. So next year how 
do we see EBITDA margin from your current guidance of around 21%? Whether we will be able 
to see any kind of expansion or we could remain more or less at the same level, or we will see 
some kind of cost softening and that will actually lead to some kind of expansion? 
 
Management Team 
 
Actually speaking, this financial year is very difficult, cost pressure, demand issues, so many 
regulatory problems with the API, Nitrosamines impurity and, plus, over and above that we have 
added about 1500 people in the domestic market. In spite of that we are delivering this kind of 
EBITDA margin. We are very confident on these people become productive people who are 
added in the domestic market, plus all these demand issue and all other problems which are 
there, regulatory-wise, once they're all resolved, EBITDA margin will definitely improve. 
 
Rashmi 
 
Okay, and what are the. 
 
Management Team 
 
[inaudible 00:49:04] 24-25% EBITDA margin 3-4 years down the line. 
 
Rashmi 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 24 - 
 
 
 
Okay. And the guidance which you are giving is basically including the other income also, right? 
 
Management Team 
 
Other income is, Madam, more or less it is repetitive income, every quarter, it is there. 
[inaudible 00:49:24] given include other income. Definitely yes. 
 
 
Rashmi 
 
Okay, Sir. I got it. Thank you so much. 
 
Management Team 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Madam. Next question comes from Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rahul Jeewani 
 
Yeah, hi, Sir. Thanks for taking my question. Again, on the EBITDA margin guidance which We 
have provided of 21% for FY23, I think we refer to the margins for the standalone business. But 
if we see between the standalone and the console business, there is a margin differential of 
almost 200 basis points. So, if you can also comment that, how are you looking at the margins 
for the console business this year and potentially over the next 2-3 year period as well? 
 
Management Team 
 
Basically, the difference is mainly because in this quarter, there was some exceptional losses in 
the Bayshore accounts. So, all these COVID sale and the post COVID, whatever returns and 
discounts and all, because of that, it was a exceptional thing, this particular quarter. Otherwise, 
more or less the standalone and consolidated EBITDA margin should be more or less similar. 
Only two companies are facing difficulty little bit, Pisgah and Ramdev. As I said, Ramdev should 
be back on track maybe in another 2, 3 quarters. Pisgah may take another year or so. Other 
than that, whatever this difference is there, it will definitely come down going forward. 
 

 
 
Transcript – IPCA Laboratories Q2 FY23 Earnings Call         
                                       - 25 - 
 
 
Rahul Jeewani 
 
Okay, sure. Thanks. That's it for my side. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir. There are no further questions. Now, I would like to hand over the floor to the 
management for the closing come. 
 
Management Team 
 
Thank you, everybody, for participating in this Con call. There is nothing further to add. Thank 
you. Thank you, everyone. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference for today. Thank you for 
your participation and for using Door Sabha’s conference call service. You may disconnect your 
lines now. Thank you and have pleasant day. Thank you, Sir. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________      
                          Note:          1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
                                             2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
