 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
1st Floor, 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
            Code: Zyduslife 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Investors’ Call held on November 11, 2022 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Company’s Q2 FY23 
post results Investors’ call held on November 11, 2022. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI
Digitally signed by 
DHAVAL NARENDRA SONI 
Date: 2022.11.16 12:26:50 
+05'30'

 
1 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q2 FY 23  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                        MR. ALOK GARG - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MD OFFICE, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
Moderator:  
Welcome to Zydus Lifesciences Ltd. Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call. Please note, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
opening remarks. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ganesh Nayak – Executive 
Director of Zydus Lifesciences Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Ganesh Nayak:  Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our post results 
teleconference for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. For 
today’s call, we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel – Managing Director, 
Mr. Nitin Parekh – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Arvind Bothra – Sr. 
Vice President, Investor Relations and Mr. Alok Garg – Sr. Vice 
President from the Managing Director’s office. I hope you would 
have gone through the quarterly results, investor presentation and 
the press release which are available on our website and also filed 
with the stock exchanges.  
First, let me quickly run you through the Q2 FY23 consolidated 
financial performance. We registered revenues of Rs. 41.3 billion, up 
10% year on year.  Excluding COVID related revenues, the growth 
was 15% on a year on year basis, driven by our key markets viz. India 
and the US, both of which grew in double-digits during the quarter. 
Reported EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 8.2 billion, down 9% year 
on year. However, adjusting for the COVID related inventory 
provision during the current quarter, the EBITDA margin stood at 
22.6%, which is an improvement of 210 bps on a sequential basis. 
Profit After Tax for the quarter was Rs. 5.2 billion. Excluding the 
impact of COVID related inventory provision as mentioned above, 
exceptional items and profit from discontinued operations, PAT for 
the quarter stood at Rs. 6.1 billion, up 15% on a sequential basis led 
by improved EBITDA margins. We remain confident on our ability to 
achieve 20% plus EBITDA margin for the current fiscal, backed by 
growth visibility across our key businesses, coupled with various cost 
optimisation initiatives.  
With this, let me take you through the operating highlights for the 
second quarter of FY23 for each of our business segments.  
Our India geography which comprises of formulations and consumer 
wellness business accounted for 43% of the total revenues during 
the quarter, and grew 11% year on year, adjusted for COVID related 
revenues in the formulations business last year.  
Coming to the formulations business in India geography, the 
business registered an improvement in growth during the quarter as 
it grew by 11% year on year, excluding revenues from COVID related 
products and divested brands. H1 FY23 growth for the business was 
11% as well, excluding revenues from COVID related products and 

 
3 
 
divested brands. We gained market share and improved ranking in 
our core therapies viz. cardiovascular, gynaecology, respiratory and 
gastrointestinal during the quarter on a year on year basis. Overall, 
we grew faster than the market during the quarter on account of 
higher growth in therapeutic areas mentioned above. Notably, our 
first new chemical entity Lipaglyn consolidated its position in the 
market further and is now ranked as the 56th largest brand in the 
Indian pharmaceutical market during Q2 FY23, a gain of 10 positions 
versus the first quarter of FY23.  
Our consumer wellness business recorded revenues of Rs. 4.2 billion, 
up 12% year on year. Growth during the quarter was led by Glucon-
D, Nycil and Everyuth brands. While the business continued to 
deliver double-digit growth, gross margins were under pressure 
during the quarter  on account of pricing pressure in key inputs. We 
continue to implement price hikes at a portfolio level to mitigate 
pressure on gross margins which is likely to recover over the coming 
quarters.  
Now let me take you through the performance of our US 
formulations business. The business accounted for 43% of the 
consolidated revenues during the quarter, with sales of Rs. 17.1 
billion and grew by 10% on a sequential basis. We launched 10 new 
products during the quarter, including the gRevlimid which is 
Lenalidomide, which aided the growth momentum. We received 15 
new product approvals, including 2 tentative approvals during the 
quarter.  
On the emerging markets front, the business continues to maintain 
its high growth momentum as it posted revenues Rs. 3.3 billion, up 
24% year on year, excluding revenues from COVID related products. 
The growth was broad based across most of the geographies. The 
business grew during the quarter, despite the challenging political 
and economic scenario in some of the emerging market countries.  
This concludes the business review. I will now request Dr. Sharvil 
Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses and 
initiatives in our innovation program. Thank you.  
Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you Dr. Nayak. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. It is a 
pleasure to have you all today on the call. We continue to direct our 
efforts and resources towards the focused execution in two of our 
largest geographies viz. India and the US, with an aim of sustained 
value creation for all stakeholders. All our key businesses sustained 
the growth momentum and delivered a robust performance during 
the quarter.  

 
4 
 
Our formulations business in India continued to steadily improve on 
growth metrics, registering a steady double-digit growth in ex COVID 
revenues, in line with the market. While this has been our near-term 
target, we intend to outperform the industry growth sustainably in 
the medium to long term. We will continue to leverage our 
innovation pipeline, including the IP protected novel molecules and 
biosimilars and focus on volume expansion through strategically 
directed marketing efforts, brand building and improved distribution, 
including the new-age channels.  
 
With the impact of COVID related disruptions behind us, the 
consumer wellness business maintained the strong growth 
momentum and posted a double-digit growth during the quarter. 
However, there were challenges in forms of higher input costs and 
slower pickup in rural demand, which impacted the profitability. We 
continue to expand our distribution network and broaden our 
product offerings to drive additional growth going forward.  
 
We are pleased to see the fruits of our continued R&D efforts aiding 
steady growth in the US formulations business, supported by new 
launches, including gRevlimid during the quarter. Also, monetisation 
of our internal pipeline along with our BD & L efforts will be the key 
drivers of our US generics business. Our specialty portfolio is likely to 
scale up over the medium term and become a niche and sustainable 
growth pillar as well.  
 
It is heartening to see the impact of our innovation products on 
patients’ health outcomes, which has enabled affordable treatment 
options with easy access through our comprehensive distribution 
network. This has enabled commercial success of our innovation 
products. Notably, Lipaglyn sustained its momentum and is 
continuing to add newer patients and has improved its rank in the 
IPM every quarter. Bilypsa, which is the only available treatment for 
NASH indication continues to display a robust growth consistently 
since launch.  
 
On the biologics front, we launched Ujvira which is our first ADC last 
year. The molecule has gained significant traction in the first year of 
launch itself, and is one of the leading brands of our formidable 
oncology franchise.  
 
With this, let me talk to you about some material developments on 
our innovation efforts. On the NCE front, during the quarter, we 
submitted the results for the hepatic impairment study of 
Saroglitazar magnesium in NASH and normal PBC patients to the US 
FDA. The hepatic impairment studies of the molecule in cirrhotic 
cholestatic patients is ongoing, and which is likely to be completed 
by end of FY23. We achieved a positive proof of concept in our phase 

 
5 
 
2 trial for our NCE ZYIL-1, an NLRP3 inhibitor, in patients with 
Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndrome (CAPS), which is a rare, 
lifelong, auto-inflammatory condition. The study demonstrated rapid 
clinical improvement and remission within days when CAPs patients 
with flare-ups were treated with ZYIL-1. We received regulatory 
approval in India to initiate phase 2 clinical trials for our antimalarial 
drug candidates ZY19489. We also commenced our phase 4 clinical 
trial of Desidustat in India, in patients with chronic kidney disease 
induced anaemia. The trial will enrol 1,000 plus patients, half of 
them being dialysis dependent, and the remaining half being 
independent of dialysis.  
  On the speciality front, our wholly-owned subsidiary Sentynl 
Therapeutics Inc. received marketing authorisation in the EU for 
Nulibry® for the treatment of Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency 
(MoCD) Type A. It is the first and only treatment in Europe to treat 
patients with MoCD type A. We are looking forward to suitable 
commercial partners to launch Nulibry® in the EU.  
  On the regulatory compliance front, I’m very pleased to share that 
earlier this week, the US FDA issued us an EIR with a VAI status for 
our Moraiya formulations manufacturing facility which was earlier in 
a warning letter. The inspection now stands successfully closed. The 
US FDA has also inspected our new animal health formulations 
facility located in Ahmedabad SEZ between 23rd September 2022 to 
29th September 2022, which concluded with two Form 483 
observations. We submitted the response to the FDA in the month of 
October. We are proud of our manufacturing and quality teams for 
their proactive approach to sustain quality excellence. We remain 
committed to invest in the requisite resources to build a strong 
corporate quality culture. This will strengthen our position as a 
reliable supplier of products that conform to the highest standards in 
the world and other markets.  
 Thank you. And, now we move over to the Q&A session. Over to the 
coordinator for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the Question & Answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may raise your hand from the 
participant tab on your screen. Participants are requested to use 
headphones or earphones while asking their question. We will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from Prakash Agarwal.  
Prakash Agarwal: Hi, Good Afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is 
on Moraiya. So, congrats on the approval. But, how do we see this 
approval? Have we been able to transfer most of the important files, 
or does this give opportunity to launch new set of products? You’ve 

 
6 
 
talked about couple of niches also coming out from this facility. If 
you could update how should we look about on the outlook? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we still have some important launches that are still from 
Moraiya. Obviously, the whole transdermal franchise is going to be 
important in terms of the commercialisation of that. Also, there are 
some small molecules like Softgel and others which were filed out of 
Moraiya, which will see some positive traction going froward. So, all 
in all, I think the resolution of that will only help us add to the overall 
business mix of the US going forward.  
Prakash Agarwal: Okay. But, does this change your approval/launch guidance of 20-30 
products every year? How should we look at it? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. If we get through approvals, Moraiya has I think close to 30 
pending approvals. So yeah, we would see an uptick in the number 
of approvals.  
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, fair enough. And secondly, on US sales and linking it to gross 
margins, so one, on the US sales, if you see the QoQ movement 
versus other peers, it has been little softer. Is it well spread out in 
terms of Revlimid opportunity? How should we think about it? I 
mean, it doesn’t seem to be upfronted like other players.  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, it is not upfronted. We have a well spread out plan for 
Revlimid and currently it is better than our estimates in terms of 
what we have been able to do on the product.  
Prakash Agarwal: So, what I understand is that this quarter and the next quarter are 
the two big quarters where most of the companies would be booking 
because Natco would have the double-digit market share starting 
March. Would that be fair understanding or is it spread out even 
further, also the March quarter? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think, for us it would be spread out beyond the March quarter also.  
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, fair enough. And lastly, on gross margins and EBITDA margins, 
adjusted for this forex as well as your COVID led inventory, EBITDA 
margins are flattish despite Revlimid. So, have we started to look at 
some costs coming down both in terms of input and other operating 
expenses, or inflation still is at elevated levels? Some colour will 
help. 
Sharvil Patel: 
See, I think we have maintained that we believe that we will 
comfortably be above 20% EBITDA margins, and with the kind of 
product launches, we can see some improvement there. On the cost 
and other expenses front, we continue to obviously look at various 
opportunities. Maybe on the inflation thing, maybe Nitin bhai can 
add something.  

 
7 
 
Nitin Parekh: 
So Prakash, while we have calculated forex gain and shown that on 
the income side, you can understand there are certain expenses also 
including imports and other expenses, where also there is a negative 
impact, which currently we have not separately computed and made 
available. But, the gain is to be considered on a net basis, that is one. 
Plus, there are certain input costs which have started easing out, and 
the result of that you would see in the ensuring quarters.  
Prakash Agarwal: Okay perfect. Thanks and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bino. 
Bino: 
Hello. Can you hear me?  
Nitin Parekh: 
Yes.  
Bino: 
Okay, great. Just a follow up on Revlimid, when you say it is well 
spread out, so in the last quarter which is reported, you had less 
than a month of sales. So, if I roughly assume that the coming 
quarter will have three time of whatever sales you booked last 
quarter, is that an okay assumption or is it far away?  
Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think because there’s a limited market share, we have divided 
the market share. So, it is not monthly market share but we just 
divided the overall market share.  
Bino: 
In the quarters? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. 
Bino:  
And continuing with US, there is this product Trokendi XR, in which I 
believe there is a settlement to launch sometime soon. Can you give 
some timeline? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so we are planning to launch the Trokendi XR in Quarter 4 of 
FY23 which will be an important launch.  
Bino: 
Right. And one product Myrbetriq in which you’ve got a final 
approval recently. Any timelines regarding the launch of the same? 
Nitin Parekh: 
The timelines are yet not finalized. 
Bino: 
Okay. And just one if I could add, regarding this Hepatic Impairment 
study that you talked about, what sort of study is that? Is that a 
safety study or any efficacy study?  
Sharvil Patel: 
It’s a safety study. It is to improve the label claim when we finally 
look for a PBC NASH approval. There are challenges with some 
molecules with this and we believe our product is much superior to 
that. So, these studies are there to demonstrate that there are no 
safety concerns for this molecule or products in this class. 

 
8 
 
Bino: 
Understood. Thank you, I’ll join back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Randeria.  
Kunal Randeria: Hi, Good Afternoon. Sir, your R&D is quite diversified across NCEs, 
biosimilars, besides the normal 30-35 ANDA filings that you do. So, of 
this around 1,100 crore R&D budget, is it possible for you to split 
how much you’d be spending across these different R&D verticals? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think broadly we have said about 2/3rd of R&D investment is in 
generics, biosimilars and all those put together, and about 1/3rd of 
this is in the current NCE programs that we are running. I think going 
forward, we will see maybe a mix which is more driven towards 
NCEs, but that’s the current mix.  
Kunal Randeria: And, on an absolute basis, how do we see R&D for the next 3 years? 
Because, Saroglitazar and all the other products should be entering 
into late phase clinical trials? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think there would be definitely growth in our overall R&D 
expenses. Currently we are comfortably in the 7-8% as a percentage 
to sales level. Maybe in the next 3 years we’ll review. Surely it will go 
up, but maybe we’ll still be around the 8% plus range.  
Kunal Randeria: Sure. And just one more from my side. I guess you would be 
launching about 25-30 products annually. So maybe, if you can give 
some granularity in terms of how many injectables you expect, let's 
say in FY24, how many transdermals and how many solid products? 
Sharvil Patel: 
It is a very in fluid situation. So it is very difficult to give dosage wise. 
But I have always stated that with the kind of portfolio that we have, 
including all of the three that you stated, we would see robust 
number of products launched in the US and, which will also, we 
believe add to significant growth for the US business.  
Kunal Randeria: Got it. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria:Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Sir just to understand, the US 
business. You have given me that we have launched ten products in 
the quarter. Did the base business erode higher than what we have 
seen in the last few…? Because Asacol does not seem to be showing 
any erosion. So any colour there in the base business? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, I don't think we have seen any critical base business erosion in 
the US in this quarter.  
Neha M: 
So has it been a high single digit like we have seen or…? 

 
9 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
Mid-single digit.  
Neha Manpuria: And my second question is on the R&D that you mentioned. Did I 
hear correctly that the R&D spend for the next year could be 8 plus 
percent? 
Nitin Parekh: 
Yes.  
Neha Manpuria: Okay. In that context, I know our US run rate will improve going 
forward. How should we look at the margins from the 20 plus 
percent that we would do this year? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think we will see a good improvement on that.  
Nitin Parekh: 
Yeah, but I think when we have the close of this particular year 
would have better visibility in terms of the products to be launched 
next year and should be in a position to give more accurate 
guidance.  
Neha Manpuria: Understood. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Bino.  
Bino: 
Hi, thanks for the follow-up. Sharvil Bhai, just a follow up on the 
animal health business. So, I am not quite understanding our 
strategy there. We sold the animal health business which we had 
and now we again have an animal health facility where USFDA had 
the recent approvals. So, what are we trying to do with annual health 
side of the business? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So this business is our export, I mean, the business is targeted 
towards the USA. We have filed a lot of ANADAs, as they call them, 
as the regulator submission, and our facility that was built for those 
has been inspected and now we are looking forward to a closure of 
that inspection and then commercial launch of these products. 
Bino: 
Okay. So the earlier animal business which we sold had no sales in 
the US? 
Nitin Parekh: 
No, just for your clarification. What we sold did not have any 
business in US. We are starting new business in US with a dedicated 
facility which was inspected recently.  
Sharvil Patel: 
It is a new business.  
Nitin Parekh: 
It is a new business.  
Bino: 
Understood. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nitin Agarwal.  

 
10 
 
Nitin Agarwal: Thank you for taking my question. Sharvil bhai, on the Moraiya plant, 
by when do you see the approvals begin to come through from this 
facility and how many approvals do you expect over the next 12 
months?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So approvals, I believe generally we have seen that in 2 to 3 months 
we start seeing approvals. So that's what we hope. And it could be 
anywhere from 20 to 35. I can't exactly say how many number, but 
20 plus approvals are possible.  
Nitin Agarwal: And on the transdermal, the transdermal approvals are just right 
now function of the approval process getting started or there is 
something else which can hold back these approvals from here on? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, largely it is for the facility cGMP, and there are a few queries that 
have also been answered in the latest round. So, majority of them 
are for facility clearance.  
Nitin Agarwal: And if you can just refresh memory, how many transdermals have 
we filed from the site? 
Sharvil Patel: 
5. 
Nitin Agarwal: Okay. And from a market perspective, in terms of, because we did 
file a long back, how many of them are where the market is still 
interesting for you from a site perspective of these 5?  
Sharvil Patel: 
We will be launching immediately 4 and then we are doing one site 
transfer. So overall, all will be launched.  
Nitin Agarwal: Okay. Secondly, on Asacol HD, how have the dynamics been in the 
market and what are you now pencilling in for competition?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Currently, as I keep on adding, our best estimate is we don't see any 
immediate competition, over the next 3 to 6 months is our best 
estimate as of now.  
Nitin Agarwal: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vibha.  
Vibha: 
Hi Sharvil, Vibha here. I just wanted to know, in case I just joined the 
call a bit late, so please excuse me if I'm repeating a question. I just 
wanted to know what are the COVID related product related write 
offs and is this vaccine related and how much is it? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, there are materials related to COVID vaccine which we wanted to 
earlier use. But now since the vaccines are not required, we thought 
certain materials may not be utilized and therefore we have done 
write off. Also, some other products which were selling during COVID 

 
11 
 
times, their inventory we now took a call that this may not be 
saleable since there is no demand and therefore we have made a 
provision for them.  
Vibha: 
Right. In case I missed it, what's the amount of the provision? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, total 120 crores in this quarter. Earlier we had 40 crores in the 
previous quarter. 
Vibha: 
Okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harith Ahmed.  
Harith Ahmed: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. So, one of your 
competitors recently received approval for another modified release 
mesalamine product, which is Pentasa. So is that an opportunity for 
us as well? Do we have a filing? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We have already launched. Sorry you are talking about Petasa. No. 
We are working on Pentasa. 
Harith Ahmed: Okay. On the vaccines front, can you give some colour, the ex-COVID 
vaccine part of the vaccine business? What's the current size of the 
business and how should we think of scale up in this business over 
the next 2 or 3 years? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, currently on our vaccines business, currently our current business 
is only limited to private market vaccines which we are selling, which 
is our flu vaccine and the Typhoid Conjugate vaccine. We going 
forward I think, as I said the important vaccines will be us 
participating in the pre-qualification of three vaccines. One is which 
is and older – Rabies, followed by MR and Typhoid conjugate. So 
these three vaccines will become part of the global vaccines which 
the tenders are not before 24, 25, 26. So they are sometime away 
and before that we have to get pre-qualified also for this. So I think 
the major uptick for this is 25 when we come to 24-25 where we will 
see an uptick on the volumes and business. Till then obviously we are 
going to participate in the private market and the India public market 
through our MR and Typhoid Conjugate vaccine and the Rabies 
vaccine.  
Harith Ahmed: Got it. And that last one on Saroglitazar. Can you refresh us on the 
timelines for both PBC and NASH indications in terms of filings? And 
the Hepatic impairment study that you talked about, does that 
change any of the timelines in any way? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, the hepatic impairment studies don't change any timelines. We 
are doing those studies to have a better superior label claim is what 
we hope for. Our current estimate for finishing the trial and 

 
12 
 
submission is calendar year 2025 for PBC indication and the NASH 
indication has a much longer drawn out trials. That is 27 kind of 
submission, 27-28, not before that.  
Harith Ahmed: And related question on Saroglitazar again. How has been the 
response to our launch for NASH indication in the India market? I see 
that we have a separate brand for the NASH indication.  
Sharvil Patel: 
The momentum on the brand is very good for both the indications. 
Ideally the largest now indication going forward will be the NAFL 
indication and we are seeing very strong market share gains in that 
particular sub therapy and overall the brand is performing extremely 
well. And as I always said, we aspire to make it into the top 25 
brands of India very soon. That is going to be our endeavour in the 
short term. But this definitely will become one of the top selling 
brands for the company as well in India. 
Harith Ahmed: Understood. That's all for my side. Thanks for taking my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rashmi. 
Rashmi: 
Sir, on Nulibry, I think the commercial shipment has already 
commenced. So how was the response during the quarter? And if 
you can give update on the market opportunity for this particular 
product, the addressable market size and all.  
Sharvil Patel: 
So Nulibry is a rare disease orphan product. There had already been 
existing patients who were taking this in Europe. So, with this 
marketing authorization we will be able to continue and look for new 
patients as we are able to find partners and in the US also we are 
sourcing for new patients. But this is an extremely rare disorder and 
the patient numbers are going to be in the single to double digit kind 
of numbers. But the value proposition is there. So that is the current 
plan. So I think it is going to be a steady build up. But it is going to be 
a very sustainable, sticky business and more importantly, I think we 
would have brought a solution for one of the rare diseases where 
there are no current lines of treatment.  
Rashmi: 
Okay. And sir when you say that you have seen a mid-single digit 
price erosion in the quarter in the US business. Was that on quarter-
on-quarter basis? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Annualized it is that. 
Rashmi: 
Okay.  
Sharvil Patel: 
Quarter-on-quarter 5% would be a big disaster. It is annualized, not 
quarter-on-quarter.  
Rashmi: 
Can you update on quarter-on-quarter price erosion? 

 
13 
 
Nitin Parekh: 
So low single digit.  
Rashmi: 
Okay. And ex-Revlimid, with the help of launches and all, you might 
have off-setted the price erosion. So ex-Revlimid, can we consider 
that the base business was more or less flattish on quarter-on-
quarter basis, excluding Revlimid sales?  
Sharvil Patel: 
It was slightly softer had more to do with timing.  
Rashmi: 
Okay, all right sir. Thank you. That's it for my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Avneesh Khara. 
Avneesh Khara: Hello. I just wanted to pick up from the question of an earlier 
participant regarding the COVID provisions that you made. So it was 
140 last quarter and 120 this quarter. But has the total inventory 
been written or is it possible that we'll take some more provisions in 
the future quarters? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So first to correct, it was 40 crores, not 140 last quarter and 120 in 
September quarter. So together it is 160.  
Avneesh Khara: And there won’t be any provision in the future quarter, right? It's 
completely been written off. 
Nitin Parekh: 
Yes, yes. Whatever was to be written off, it is written off.  
Avneesh Khara: Okay, great. Also on the Transdermal pipeline that we have, I just 
wanted to understand, is there any difference in the pricing erosion 
dynamics of that segment of the business? And can you throw some 
light on if there is going to be any difference on how we are 
marketing those products or something?  
Sharvil Patel: 
No, it's the same channel of marketing. So there's no new channel. 
The same teams and the same network is there. And currently as I 
said, for those all products, the margins are still attractive.  
Avneesh K: 
Okay, great. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dhruv Mehta. 
Dhruv Mehta: So my question was related to Revlimid. So we have missed our sales 
like there's a slow ramp up and so what is the indication for the 
whole year and do we see any fresh competition during the year? 
That's my question.  
Sharvil Patel: 
So two things. One is, we haven't missed any estimate on Revlimid. 
Whatever we have estimated, I think we will do better than that 
estimate. And as I said, this is not going to be only for one quarter, 
but go on for a couple of more quarters. So it's not a one off 
business.  

 
14 
 
Dhruv Mehta: Okay. Sir, what about any fresh competition during the year? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, it's a very limited quantity launch. So, the competitive scenario is 
not relevant for the moment. 
Dhruv Mehta: Okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vibha. 
Vibha: 
Hi. There's some confusion. Not confusion, maybe there's not so 
much clarity on the direction of pricing in the US, not for you in 
particular. But I just want to get a general idea of how the market is 
expected to behave. There was some expectation during the last 
quarter that from this quarter onwards it would be better. Do you 
see that and how does it look going forward? And second, have also 
the logistics cost come down post COVID and after all the Ukraine 
crisis etc. the geopolitical upheavals that happened? So are the 
logistics cost for, I'm talking about overall not for Zydus in particular, 
but do you see that is kind of normalized now or it's still pretty high? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So the logistics cost, to answer to your second question, have come 
down across as an industry for pharmaceuticals. So that's happened. 
With respect to price erosion, there will always be a very competitive 
intensity in the US. So we believe that single digit price erosions is 
something that we all build for in terms of our future planning.  
Vibha: 
Okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks.  
Ganesh Nayak: Thank you very much. Wish all of you a Merry Christmas and a very 
Happy New Year, and look forward to interacting with you again 
during our next quarterly results in the month of February. Thank 
you and have a nice evening.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Zydus Lifesciences Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
End of Transcript 
 
 
 
 
