 
 
CIN: L90001MH2001PLC130485West) - 400601 Phone: 022 – 4213 0300 | Email: info@antonyasia.com | 
Website: www.antony-waste.com 
 
 
Registered Office: 1403, 14th Floor, Dev Corpora Building, Opp. Cadbury Company, Eastern Express Highway, Thane (West) - 400601 
Phone: 022 – 4213 0300 | Email: info@antonyasia.com | Website: www.antony-waste.com 
 
 Ref.: AW/SEC/NSE/2022-23/83
Date: November 16, 2022
To, 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No.C-1, Block G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.
:
Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") – Transcript of Earnings call held on 
November 10, 2022  
Ref.
:
SYMBOL – AWHCL
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and in continuation to our letters having 
reference number AW/SEC/NSE/2022-23/75 dated November 05, 2022 - regarding intimation of 
Earnings Call and AW/SEC/NSE/2022-23/80 dated November 10, 2022 regarding uploading of Audio 
Recording of Earnings Call, please find enclosed the transcript of the discussion held during the said 
Earnings Call held on November 10, 2022 at 2.00 p.m. w.r.t discussion on the Operational and financial 
performance for Q2 & H1 FY23 of the Company. 
 
The transcript is also hosted on the Company's website i.e. at www.antony-waste.com. 
 
This is for your information and records please. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully,  
For and on behalf of  
ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL LIMITED 
 
 
 
HARSHADA RANE 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
A34268 
Encl: a/a 
 
HARSHADA 
PRADEEP RANE
Digitally signed 
by HARSHADA 
PRADEEP RANE 
Date: 2022.11.16 
13:07:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 10th November 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JOSE JACOB – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL 
LIMITED 
MR. SHIJU JACOB – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – ANTONY 
WASTE HANDLING CELL LIMITED 
MR. N. G. SUBRAMANIAN – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL LIMITED 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited Q2 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as 
on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jose Jacob, Chairman and Managing 
Director of Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Jose Jacob: 
Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to everyone present on the call. Along with me I have 
Mr. Shiju Jacob, Executive Director and Mr. N. G. Subramanian, Group CFO and SGA our 
investor relation advisors. I hope you and your family all have a good festive season. Our 
investor presentation is now available on the stock exchange and the company website. First I 
would like to provide some business updates. Our solid waste business has been strong for the 
first six months of the year, we recorded a 16% growth in operating revenue of Rs.316 Crores 
due to a strong consumer economy, commercial collection, MSW landfill volume and inflation 
aided price increase. Activities at our recently bagged sites have shown rapid growth and are 
ramping up at a good pace. We have executed our projects well and are in line with our 
expectations. During the quarter we have kick started our recycling business in one of the sites 
from where we collect MSW. This is not our contractual requirement but in line with 
organization’s aim of sustainability and working in the forefront of creating a circular economy. 
In this we will segregate the recyclables from the waste collected before sending the same across 
to the designated landfill site. This will help us generate revenue from the recyclables that we 
would segregated in this process. This is our first project and based on the satisfactory 
performance confirmed by approximate 62 tonnes being recycled in two months. We now plan to 
implement similar activities in all cities where the company has C&T operations. For operational 
review and to add on recent news, I hand over the call to Mr. Shiju Jacob. Shiju Jacob over to 
you! 
Shiju Jacob: 
Thank you Jose and I would like to again welcome you all to this call. To begin with your 
company has secured a three year mechanical power sweeping contract in Nagpur as part of 
cluster-focused business strategy. The contract calls for supply of one power sweeping machine 
and daily maintenance of 40 kilometers of road. We already have a C&T business in the City of 
Nagpur so bagging additional project helps us leverage on our existing setup and exploit our 
product lineup. This follows the recently bagged five year C&T contract for two zones in Nashik 
namely at Panchvati and Satpur. We have completed the entire vehicle mobilization and the 
project will begin contributing to our revenues in Q3 FY2023. Every day we estimate that we 
will handle approximately 240 tonnes of municipal solid waste from this project. On the 
processing side despite the monsoon conditions we saw a high level of bio-mining activity at our 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Kanjurmarg integrated waste processing site during the quarter. We managed to sell a record 
quantity of compost during the quarter and we also shipped 10734 tonnes of RDF. This is the 
direction the company intends to take throughout the year and into the future. 
 
Onto a more granular business wide performance at the MSW C&T project side: we have 13 
ongoing projects. Our MSW C&T business volumes increased by 8.12% year-on-year to 0.42 
million tonnes in Q2 FY2023. Coming to MSW processing projects: the total tonnage processed 
during the quarter increased by 8.3% year-on-year to 0.62 million tonnes at our MSW processing 
projects which included Kanjurmarg, Pimpri Chinchwad, and Greater Noida bio-mining project. 
Regarding our construction at Pimpri Chinchwad site we now anticipate that the project will 
begin in Q1 FY24 which was earlier planned to start on March 2023. The reason for these two 
months delay is due to the global semiconductor shortage which has impacted the delivery of 
distributed control system, control valve and transmitters. Corporations are in the process of 
coming out with more C&T and processing contracts we will leverage our experience of bio-
mining and waste to energy and on our C&T business line to bid for these contracts. 
 
To sum we have had a good quarter and we expect to continue our growth path in the coming 
time. We remain committed to advancing technology investments that differentiate us, automatic 
processes to reduce service cost and capitalizing on our sustainability platform for growth. The 
company is well poised to explore newer geographies while dwelling upon cluster-based 
approach and areas of recycling which is the need of the hour for the country. This is from my 
side. I now hand over the conference to Mr. Subramanian, the group CFO. 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for our Q2 and the first half 2023 earnings 
conference call. I will share the highlights of the financial performance. For Q2 for the year 
ending March 2023 the operating revenue at C&T and processing revenue section the company 
reported operating revenue of Rs.160 Crores against Rs.143 Crores in Q2 FY2022 which is up by 
12% year-on-year. For the first half the company reported an operating revenue of Rs.317 Crores 
as against Rs.273 Crores last year same period reporting 16% growth on the year-on-year basis. 
The increase in core revenue was driven by contribution from newly bid contracts, general 
increase in volumes in existing C&T and processing contracts and also partially from the tipping 
fee increases which are built-in, in the contracts. On a sequential basis given the full onset of 
monsoon the construction pace is lower as compared to Q1 FY23 which has seen the contract 
revenue declining sequentially to Rs.30 Crores from Rs.71 Crores in Q1. On the consolidated 
EBITDA front the company registered a growth of 8% to Rs.46 Crores in Q2 FY2023 compared 
to Rs.42 Crores in Q2 FY2022 with EBITDA margin being 22% for the quarter. For the first half 
the company registered a growth of 12% year-on-year to Rs.94 Crores compared to Rs.84 Crores 
in the same period last year and the margins coming around to 21% for the first half. The profit 
before tax for the quarter 2 was Rs.31 Crores against Rs.28 Crores up 10% and for the first half it 
stood at Rs.66 Crores up 17%. Profit after tax for the quarter is up by 17% at Rs.28 Crores and 
22% up at Rs.56 Crores for the first half. 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 15 
On the business wise performance, the revenue from MSW C&T is up by 10% to Rs.116 Crores 
for the quarter and for the first half it is up by 15% and as Shiju mentioned the growth was up on 
account of increased volumes in our existing contracts and ramping up of C&T activities in our 
newer contracts. The total MSW C&T volume is up by 8.1% for the quarter. MSW processing 
revenue has increased by 19% to Rs.45 Crores, the revenue increased to Rs.86 Crores for the first 
half up by 17%. In general we witnessed high input cost and repair and maintenance related 
inflation, increase in logistic cost due to supply of compost and RDF and as a result our operating 
expense as a percentage of revenue has increased by approximately 250 bps compared to last 
year. Over last year we have made significant investments in our people including proactive 
wage adjustments and an improved benefit package and increased training. Leading repair cost 
and transport costs remain elevated, higher cost for parts, third party service are factors which we 
continue to watch. On the balance sheet front our net debt-to-equity as of September 30, 2022 
was maintained at 0.3x. Total debt as of September 30, 2022 stood at Rs.289 Crores and net debt 
at Rs.200 Crores. The overall credit profile of the company has remained stable and this has 
reflected in our overall interest cost improvement of 330 bps decrease in average consolidated 
borrowing cost from 12.7% in March 2021 to 9.4% as of September 2022. Our receivable days 
are in control and we stood at 72 DSOs for the trailing 12 months ending September 2022. That 
is it from our end and we now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies 
and gentlemen we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question 
is from the line of Prashant Sharma from Quantum Securities. Kindly proceed. 
Prashant Sharma: 
Sir I just want to know the status of the two new projects that we got NMDC and Jhansi, have 
they started contributing to our revenue because our C&T revenue was almost flat sequentially so 
just need to know the status of them? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So yes so both Jhansi and NMDC have started the operations so if you look at on a sequential 
basis that decline in revenue is primarily due to Rs.41 Crores of processing cost which is absent 
now so that is one of the key reasons why you are seeing a fall in my revenue which is offset by 
an incremental revenue which has come from a core revenue section so both on Jhansi and 
NMDC the core revenues have started kicking in. 
Prashant Sharma: 
Okay and regarding the new project that we got what is the revenue potential for that? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
If you are referring to the one of the power sweeping contracts that we bagged in Nagpur I think 
it is not a significant contract so for us it is just an incremental product supply that is happening 
in the same zone that we are operating in. 
Prashant Sharma: 
Thank you very much. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock 
Broking. Kindly proceed. 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir I just wanted to understand how do we assess receivables because I think we classified them 
under other financial assets also so if on six monthly basis if we want to understand how much is 
the debtor outstanding if you could just provide me the split what is the number? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So if you want to include all the receivables in the financial assets as well as the current and 
noncurrent receivables my total DSOs would be around 102 days as against maybe 92 days for 
this period last quarter. This includes certain receivables payable by the client at the end of the 
project life so going forward as a management practice we will start incorporating all the 
receivables current and noncurrent and even the money which is payable at the end of the project 
as a separate line item and we will disclose that separately. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay and in terms of absolute figure what it would be right now at six months closing? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
I just need to get back on that but I will give it to you when we go to some other question. I will 
have that thing collected out. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
With respect to MSW market I see that we have made some changes in the presentation that 
historically we were projecting 14% sort of growth now we are projecting almost 11% sort of 
growth MSW market growth as a whole any reasons for downgrading the growth mentioned in 
this presentation? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
We just got the latest updates from the consultants over here because over the last couple of years 
we have seen slight bit of degrowth in the corporations’ spending patterns so this is as per the 
report that has been given out by the market research company so may be with newer policies of 
government spending increasing over the next couple of years we will again revisit this but this is 
just market report that we have got from the entity which we are sharing. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay fair enough Sir and also with respect to MSW processing can you just elaborate on the 
margin because we have service concessional agreements also so if you were to evaluate your 
P&L how should one look at may be like what is our absolute EBITDA that we are generating if 
we remove the contract part out of it then? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So Bhavya normally we do not talk about segment wise margins processing or C&T per se but 
given the complexities and the capital nature involved in processing it is very fair to assume that 
the processing contracts have a higher margins as compared to C&T contracts and going on the 
question on the total receivables including trade and financials the total amount as of September 
stands at around Rs.200.08 Crores. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rs.201 Crores roughly? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Rs.201 Crores yes. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Thank you so much. I will get back in the queue. 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit from JHP Securities. Kindly proceed. 
Ankit: 
In union budget 2023 there was an increase in allocation of funds to municipalities is there any 
change in government and center level how it will impact our fund allocation? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
The fund allocation for opex and capex do not significantly change based on these rulings 
because this is slightly long and depending upon the smart city budgetary allocations the same 
gets allocated to different cities but over the last couple of years we have seen a significant 
spending increase in lot of the smart city areas that we have been targeting and working with so 
the trend is very much on the northward side and we see the same building up. 
Ankit: 
Do the state government have any control over municipality decision? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Normally municipalities by themselves are authorities and the state government does not have 
any significant influence in the municipal corporations’ decision making process. 
Ankit: 
Okay I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neerav Dalal from MIB (Maybank) Securities 
India. Kindly proceed. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. First on the capex side if we see this 
year we have CWIP on the fixed asset side as well as that on the intangible I believe the 
intangibles would be the Pune facility so I just wanted to understand in terms of the fixed asset 
CWIP what would that be that is my first question and the second question is in terms of FY2023 
what would be the growth drivers in a sense the new projects which were partly there in FY2022 
which would be the revenue drivers of FY2023 that is number two and number three was the 
volume growth lower than what we were expecting at the start of this quarter so these were my 
three questions? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
To answer your first question the CWIP in the financial assets partly refer to assets that have 
been procured and deployed for the Nashik C&T contract because these are not transferable to 
the corporation at the end of the project life and also present capex that we have incurred and we 
are ongoing at our waste to energy project and the Kanjurmarg site wherein these are used for 
generating RDF and compost which are not transferable to the corporation so those capex are 
sitting at my CWIP in my financial assets today. On the tonnage growth expectations and the 
trend we have seen an 8% growth from organic sites per se that is pretty much in line with our 
historical trend and that has not been on lower side of our expectation. Normally in a base case 
scenario we look at 3% to 6% growth in organic waste being generated. 8.2% also shows the 
incremental tonnage growth coming from new projects of Jhansi which was on the unit base and 
that is not coming into my tonnage base revenue model so 8.2% is over and above the revenues 
growth that have seen in Jhansi and in Varanasi. The contribution from newer projects that is 
NDMC and Jhansi, last year NDMC had only eight days of operations, Jhansi was less than a 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 15 
quarter of revenue so I think this year we will be looking at a full year revenue contribution 
coming from both these two sites. NDMC is not still 100% mobilized by the end of the current 
quarter we would see 100% assets being mobilized as part of the assets is still to be provided by 
the corporation. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Got that. Just a followup on in terms of the capex thing so for the current year what should one 
look at as the capex and if you could just remind us in terms of what would be going towards the 
Pune project and then what would be going towards the other projects? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
For the Pune project we are estimating an incremental capex of Rs.67 Crores. This bulk of it this 
will be spent in Q3 and Q4 and may be part of it will be in Q1 based on the independent 
engineer’s certification but Rs.67 Crores is what we expect at the waste energy plant to be done. 
At the Kanjurmarg site we are looking at our incremental capex of around Rs.12 Crores for the 
second half of the current financial year. We do not see any incremental capex at our collection 
and transportation businesses. If at all it is there is going to be in the tune of around Rs.1.5 Crores 
to Rs.3 Crores but that is depending upon the tonnage improvement that is likely to happen. As 
of now it is not happening so maybe we will defer this to the next financial year. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Got it and just lastly in terms of how do you see the visibility in terms of new contracts if you 
could just give us some indication in terms of how many contracts that you have bidded for and 
when do you see the outcome and what is your expecting in terms of new deals coming up for 
bidding so some idea on that? 
Jose Jacob: 
Presently we are working on four to five new bids and we hope that our strike rate has been 
always been good in the past so we will maintain those strike rates so may be in a couple of 
months we can come out with the number of contracts what we are bidding. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Right so has there been any slowdown in terms of bidding process or this is what is expected? 
Jose Jacob: 
Normally the speed of LOAs and that converting into confirmed orders it takes some lead time 
and the only change that has happened over the last couple of years is because of COVID the 
decision making process has got delayed because of events beyond the control and more 
importantly a large number of corporations we have seen the elected bodies yet to be elected and 
them to start working in full swing so example corporations like BMC, Navi Mumbai, and 
Nagpur there are no standing committees, there are no committee members or the corporation is 
yet to be formed. Even MCD has got an election due in next month so a large number of 
corporations the election is due and then the work continues the normal work will continue so we 
are seeing a delay over the last couple of years partly COVID and partly procedural. This has not 
been the thing in the past but this is something that we have now seen getting addressed 
proactively. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Got that. Thank you for patiently answering my questions. Thank you. 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Managers. 
Kindly proceed. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir now that the PCMC project has delayed till Q1 FY2024 in the 
second half what kind of a contract driven we can expect to recognize, how much can spill over 
to Q1 FY2024? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
We expected the project to be up and running by March 2023, now because of this delay what 
certain equipments we were supposed to reach our site by November end and February that is 
getting pushed to March so we are expecting the delay of around two to two and a half months 
from our initial expectation and the total capex spending is around Rs.67 Crores may be around 
80% of that will be done in the current year and the balance 20% might fall into the Q1 of the 
next year. All efforts are on to coordinate with the vendor and trying to kind of jump the queue 
and try to make the process faster so that the work can be done and completed in a timely 
fashion. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay and Sir can you comment on the second half of current year how do you see the revenue 
trajectory and also the margins how do you expect it to pan out? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Normally our core operating margin hovers around 25% to 26%. The recent fall in our decline in 
my EBITDA is partly because of significant contribution of contract revenue and contract cost so 
may be by second half of FY2024 we will be showing core revenue and core operations there 
from and that is time we can have a realistic view on how the EBITDA shape up without 
significant contribution or the revenue being skewed towards contract revenue and contract cost. 
Anurag Patil: 
But Sir if we explore the contract revenues also and cost then normalized core margins are still 
coming around 22% to 23% by when we can expect to normalize to earlier levels of 25% for core 
business? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So we expect that to happen anytime between the Q4 and the Q1 of the next year, Q4 of the 
current year and by Q1 of the next year because some of the escalation will also be passed 
through to us by January and February onwards and the benefit of all the recent increase in costs 
gets offset by the tipping fee increases. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay that is it from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Richard Dsouza from SBI Mutual Fund. Kindly 
proceed. 
Richard Dsouza: 
Good afternoon. So just a couple of questions, you mentioned in your remarks that you are 
bidding for four or five newer projects so are those projects large enough to make an impact on 
the balance sheet or how are they? 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 15 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So one of the projects it was a large size but the capex will spread over couple of years similar to 
processing contract they would be of a long-term renewal similar to the project that we currently 
execute both at Kanjurmarg and at Pimpri Chinchwad. The balance three contracts that Jose was 
eluding to are of smaller tenure and they do not have significant balance sheet impacts so we do 
not foresee our net debt to equity to go beyond 0.8x or 0.9x on a full drawn basis for the current 
and maybe for the mid of the next year. 
Richard Dsouza: 
Okay great so the second question was that recently there were some ruckus  being raised about 
the Ghazipur dump in Delhi where there were some methane emissions and all that and I think 
the MCD elections were getting over next month so is that project open for bidding because I 
believe that the current provider there for the WT is not doing it properly that project was closed 
for six months I think so? 
Jose Jacob: 
The thing is post election they will come up with a tender for bio-mining the landfill so they are 
preparing a budget the amount required is pretty huge but everything will happen post elections. 
Richard Dsouza: 
Okay cool and there were a couple of more dump yards in Delhi so are they also open for bids or 
how is the situation there? 
Jose Jacob: 
Most of these landfills are unscientific landfills so that is the reason it is creating a lot of 
pollution so the only option is to bio-mine it or close the landfill so bio-mining is the best option 
because they can vacate the waste and for this huge amount of money because the size also 
landfills are pretty huge and they have been dumping for many years so the fund is being 
allocated and everything is planned but all the movements will start post elections. 
Richard Dsouza: 
Okay I thought only in MCD there is election the other two dump yards are in other regions of 
Delhi is not it? 
Jose Jacob: 
Yes. The other regions are also the fund allocation and everything has to be done but they want 
to bio-mine it and all that so basically what we do Richard we see if the money is in place 
otherwise we do not bid in places like that. The one we have got is Greater Noida there the fund 
is allocated so we bid, so we see the allocation is with them and we go for it. 
Richard Dsouza: 
Okay one last question from me you had a bit of wage increase in Q3 any particular reason for 
that? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
We have seen some rationalization to be done because we had the full year annual review of all 
the teams so total staff strength is around 8000 employees 90% of them are under my minimum 
wage so I do not have to worry about them but the balance around 9% of my employees still need 
to be competitively compensated so there was an entire exercise that we conducted which was an 
annual exercise and that was the reason we have seen an increase in the wage dip coming in so 
we will try to split the entire increase in two phases and half yearly review that just got 
completed now and the initial impact that was done the cost is getting reflected today. Secondly 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 15 
we have also seen an increase in headcount because of the rollout of our projects in Varanasi and 
in Jhansi which is also reflected in the increase in the total wage bill. 
Richard Dsouza: 
Okay thanks a lot. Maybe I will come back later. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anupam Gupta from IIFL. Kindly proceed. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Good afternoon Sir so basically two questions. One is on the PCMC WTE project the two 
months delay which you are talking about does that have any negative repercussions in terms of 
your balance concession period or in terms of whatever in terms of penalty or anything else? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
No we do not have any financial impact because of that the COD which starts after the plant is up 
and running so we do not have any financial impact because of this two month delay and the 
client has been informed about the same. 
Anupam Gupta: 
That is okay. The second question is on initially you mentioned some Rs.41 Crores revenue 
decline in a few projects so can you just highlight what you were talking about I was not very 
clear about that? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
In Q1 the total contract revenue was Rs.17.9 Crores and in Q2 the contract revenue is around 
Rs.30 Crores so that is a difference of Rs.41 Crores that was talking about because during 
monsoon the construction activity at PCMC which will be slowed down so that is the difference 
that you are seeing in my contact revenue which shows into the sequential decline. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay understand and just one last question you mentioned the only contract which are left to be 
ramped up fully are the NDMC and the Jhansi and the recent sweeping contract, no other 
contract has to be ramped up any further right? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
I was referring to NDMC and the one in Nashik not Jhansi. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Jhansi is fully ramped up in terms of quarterly revenue? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Jhansi is fully ramped up. NDMC and Nashik will be rolling out in the benefit zone. 
Anupam Gupta: 
If one were to quantify that in terms of current revenue versus the potential revenue at full run 
rate what should it be? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
We normally do not comment on site specific numbers but NDMC by itself we will say Rs.100 
Crores annualize revenue I would say that I would be looking at least four months of revenue 
coming in the current financial year and Jhansi is not a very significant in that time so that is 
anyway going on and that would not have any dent. Nashik the size you mentioned is 240 tonnes 
project so that again will not move the needle significantly but gets adds to the total. 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Anupam Gupta: 
Understand. Sir that is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Jain from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. Kindly proceed. 
Hardik Jain: 
Good afternoon Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir if I heard you correctly you said the 
NDMC has a potential to generate Rs.100 Crores annual revenue right? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Yes. 
Hardik Jain: 
Okay Sir just one small thing actually it is difficult for me to understand if you can help me to 
understand it Sir? Sir the contract revenue reported is around Rs.44 Crores and I think the project 
expenses are also related to that which is around Rs.27 Crores so effectively there is a profit of 
like Rs.15 Crores to Rs.16 Crores which is being reported now but once this project of PCMC 
gets over this Rs.15 Crores to Rs.17 Crores of profit which we are reporting today will not be 
reported and it will be compensated or we will get tipping fees in return is my understanding 
correct? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Yes partly correct. What happens is the contract revenue component reflects the capex that I am 
doing and there is a contract clause which is related to that which you are right to quantify that so 
once the revenue is out, once contract revenue and the contract cost is out that get replaced with 
two streams of revenue, one is my tipping fee and the other is the sale of power so that gets 
added into my topline and the proportionate cost operating cost will sit in my operating cost line. 
Hardik Jain: 
So what I assume is today what we are reporting around Rs.15 Crores to Rs.17 Crores of profit 
due to this project will hopefully will be more than compensated by the profit of tipping fees and 
sales of power net of their expenses? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Yes you are right on that. 
Hardik Jain: 
Okay thank you Sir. That is it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Depesh from Equirus Securities. Kindly 
proceed. 
Depesh: 
Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Sir if I see the adjusted margin adjusted for the 
contract revenue and the cost right it comes to around 23%, now given that the increase in the 
compost and the RDF sales that we have seen the normal expectation was that the processing 
margins should improve materially right so I just want to understand where is the disconnect 
because I think mostly you have taken the price escalation also right so when can we see the 
margins improve going forward? 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 15 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So Depesh so we are seeing a significant amount of cost that is sitting today as part of the 
transportation cost which we had to incur because of setting up the entire linkage systems and the 
segregation part of work so we have opexed all of that during the quarter and may be some of the 
cost will sit in the current quarter so the benefit of better realization and the margins flow through 
is likely to happen by Q4 of the current year and the Q1 of the next year. This being the monsoon 
we were not able to have a better margin play over here because the moisture levels are high and 
it is always difficult to work in monsoon conditions when we do bio-mining. 
Depesh: 
Got it and also Sir the new ESOP plan that you have introduced right can you give a sense on 
how much cost will be booked in the P&L and then it will start coming in? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So it is a process we would be planning to come up with a grant sometime in 
November/December of this year. The total cost that is likely to sit in our books will be in the 
tune of around of Rs.1.5 Crores to Rs.2 Crores we will be able to give an exact once the valuation 
of the ESOP and everything gets in because that gets expensed out through the system. Of the 3 
lakh shares that is likely to come into the ESOP scheme we have cut this into two components. 
The series one which will be granted now which is a one lakh shares and the series two is kept 
for future so the cost is associated only with series one and that is not going to be significant is 
what we understand but this will be in the range of around 2% to 4% of my total range to which 
is what we estimate today. 
Depesh: 
Understood and Sir lastly I referred to the point four in the notes to accounts so just want to know 
the update on this Rs.57 Crores of receivables which pertains to the escalation claim on the 
minimum basis so the expectation was that this particular project was expected to close this year 
right so are we just continuing that or how is this money going to come if you can just throw 
some light on that? 
Jose Jacob: 
In minimum wages the escalation portion they have started releasing those payments. The 
minimum wages by January they said that they will start releasing a big chunk of that money so 
we have approached the state government because Mangaluru municipality is looking for 
additional funds and anyway they have promised and recently they have released quite a few 
money on escalation also. 
N. G. Subramanian: 
This is just to add on what Jose mentioned we have got a further extension which will now 
continue till June 2023. 
Depesh: 
The overall as I understand properly if you can just help me just recollect so during the escalation 
we do not basically buy new vehicles and the remaining maintenance cost increases right so do 
you think any impact on the margins going forward because of this? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
We would be hiring more machines and we will not be investing more capex so there might be a 
slight margin variation but that is taken care by the increase in volumes which was not seen in the 
last two years so now we are seeing a slight bit of improvement in the volume strength so we 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 15 
may invest in hiring a few vehicles and not buying any new vehicles for the extended period of 
time. 
Depesh: 
Got it and lastly Sir on the PCMC contract you mentioned a delay because of some 
semiconductor issues and all so the other companies are basically saying that a semiconductor 
issue is getting solved now rather than being a major issue now so how sure are we that this two 
month delay the vendor is saying is that the project will commence in that time and it will not get 
further delayed because I think the problem has been solving and till last quarter we were like 
very confident that by March it should start by what happened in the last two months I just want 
to understand? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So what has happened is with three of the parts they come from Japan and that kind of got 
delayed because they were pushed down the supply lines from the vendor side so we have again 
renegotiated with them to move it up the supply line so something which was supposed to be 
delivered on site that got pushed down by two weeks and secondly there was some logistic issue 
at the shippers end there was shortage of containers that they need to move it out from the 
container depots so that is something of a global phenomena in certain big shipping lines so that 
is something that has been touted as the reason for the delay but we have been talking 
consistently because this is something which was very critical nature because everything else 
falls into place once the main component gets installed so the electrical wiring and other ancillary 
works all is linked up to these three equipments coming on board and getting shipped into the 
site. 
Depesh: 
Got it so the Rs.67 Crores capex that is spending in the PCMC that will be major with the 
machine installation right that will happen just in the last piece of the month right? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
Yes so that includes electrical wiring and the main machine parts the central cabinet. 
Depesh: 
So in Q3 and Q4 the contract cost and contract revenue will be much lower and it will hit 
basically Q1 FY2024? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
It is likely to be 70% in Q3 and Q4 and 25% in Q1 because bulk of the work and our boilers and 
everything will already be in place by the end of January and the installation of the electrical 
wiring and everything will start going progressing post that so this is likely to happen in Q4 and 
in Q1. 
Depesh: 
Understood Sir. Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock 
Broking. Kindly proceed. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir with respect to guidance I just wanted what is our forward looking guidance for revenue and 
EBITDA do we stick to that 25% sort of revenue guidance? 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 15 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So we normally look at the longer part of growth lines and as Jose had mentioned a 25% CAGR 
growth and the ability to maintain our margins or something that forms the deadlock for our 
company so we will stick to the guidelines here. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay and with respect to timeline of incremental revenue for the next two quarters except 
NDMC we do not have any further revenue uptake and may be in Q1 FY2024 we will have 
Pimpri Chinchwad waste to energy reflecting in our books and post that do we have any sort of 
plans where we can increase our revenue potential because on tonnage front you mentioned 7% 
to 8% is something that we are looking at on CAGR basis but the industry itself is growing at 9% 
odd so we expect our tonnage growth to be lesser than the industry level? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
So what is happening now few of the contracts are not on tonnage so when I am saying 8.2% 
increase in tonnage I am not including the benefit from contracts like Varanasi and Jhansi which 
is on unit so households collect so 8.2% does not reflect the total collection and transportation 
business growth that we are talking about because I am not able to quantify the tonnage that I am 
picking up at both these sites so my volume growth is more than 8.2% in that sense and just to 
add the incremental revenue growth over and above the NDMC and the PCMC waste to energy 
we would be looking at revenue contribution coming from Nashik from the end of this calendar 
year for example that is going to come in and also from the power sweeping contract that we 
have got in Nagpur so those are the two additional revenue points that is going to start coming up 
from Q4 of this year. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay and one more question with respect to our credit rating so any reasons why we were at 
triple B minus because back then also our cash flow situation was quite good only and is it 
because that the interest rates fell or credit rating or interest borrowing cost also fell or has it got 
something else only to do with that? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
No we have got a triple B minus stable overview from CARE for the last two years and this was 
during the time of COVID so there were a lot of uncertainties given the fact our revenue streams 
everything is aligned with the commercial activity of the nation and the fact that the government 
finances has always been doubted during these periods so that is why rating agency has been very 
cautious for any upgrades during these two periods for infrastructure companies per se but now 
from based on the numbers that we have shared with them we will be going for a revisit and then 
that is when the entire cash flows strength and the project wins will be translated into may be a 
better rating watch or an upgrade or a notch up at that angle so the last two years has been on 
cautious view for infrastructure companies across. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Can we expect further upgrade in the rating and lowering our borrowing cost? 
N. G. Subramanian: 
We have definitely been working on that because if you look my net debt equity and the cash 
flow from operations and my interest coverage ratio they are significantly comfortable today than 
what it was three years back so that is definitely going to help and over a period of time we have 
seen the cost of borrowing also come down significantly and even if we do not get an upgrade 

 
                   Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 15 
materially for example I have seen my cost of borrowing come down sharply both at my 
significant step down subsidiaries let it be Antony Lara or Lara Renewables or even the 
collection transportation business wherein its vehicle funded loans so that is reflective of the 
current credit worthiness internally and the credit rating of triple B minus is more from a working 
capital facility of which we enjoy with Bank of Baroda and we do not have any term loans on 
that entity so the term loans that we have is that the waste processing side where we have a better 
rating from CRISIL and that has reflected in better borrowing costs. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay fair enough. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I will now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Jose Jacob: 
I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope we have been able to address 
all your queries. For any further information kindly get in touch with me or strategic growth 
advisors our investor relation advisors. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
