-'-
 
S Chand And Company Limited 
T 
Reqistered Office: A-27, 2nd Floor, Mohan Co-Operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi - 110044, India. 
S.CHAND
GROUP
P:+91 11 4973 1800 I F:+91 11 4973 1801 I E: info@schandgroup.com I www.schand«1roup.com ---•
To 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai, Maharashtra 40000 I 
Dear Sir, 
r 
Date: November 18, 2022 
To 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Sandra Kurla 
Complex, Sandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra 
400051 
Re: Transcript of conference call -Q2FY23 - pursuant to Regulation 30 of The SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Analysts and Investors on Monday, November 14, 
2022 at I :00 P.M. to discuss the financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. The transcript 
of the said conference call held with the Analysts and Investors is enclosed herewith. 
The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the website of the Company­
\_\ ww .schandg1·ot1_J2,co111. 
Request you to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking You. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For S Chand And Company Limited 
Jagdeep Singh 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: Al5028 
Address: A-27, 2nd Floor, 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, 
New Delhi-110044 
Encl: as above 
CIN No. L22219DL 1970PLC005400 
JAGDEEP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
JAGDEEP SINGH 
Date: 2022.11.18 
12:42:03 +05'30'

1 
S Chand and Company Ltd. Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
14th November, 2022 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S Chand and Company Limited Q2 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited.  As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private 
Limited.  Thank you and over to you, Mr. Joshi. 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi -- Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, Analyst: 
Thanks, Neeraj.  Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, I welcome 
you all to the Q2 FY23 earnings call of S Chand Limited.  We have with us the 
management represented by Mr. Himanshu Gupta, MD; Mr. Saurabh Mittal, CFO; and 
Mr. Atul Soni, head of Investor Relations. 
I would now like to hand over the call to the management for opening remarks and after 
that we can open the floor for Q&A.  Over to you, Himanshu ji. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I am Himanshu Gupta, the Managing 
Director of S. Chand and Company Limited. I would like to welcome you all to our second 
quarter and half year results conference call for FY23 and thank you all for taking the 
time-out and joining us here today. 
I am extremely happy to share that H1FY23 has been a record first half for S Chand in its 
history. We hit the following landmarks during this quarter-: 
1. Highest ever H1 Sales in the company’s history.
2. Lowest ever H1 EBITDA Losses. H1 EBITDA losses reduced by 92% on a YoY basis.
3. Lowest ever H1 PAT Losses. Reduction in H1 PAT losses by 81% on a YoY basis.
4. Lowest Receivable days in H1 in the past 5 years.

2 
5. Lowest Net Working Capital days in H1 in the past 5 years.
Saurabh will touch more about these in his comments. 
As we have now firmly entered FY23, we see that Hybrid or Blended Learning is the way 
ahead for the education sector. We benefited in H1 from Schools and Colleges having 
fully reopened for classes in the physical mode and have been witnessing increased 
admissions. A lot of schools in smaller cities which had challenges of online learning due 
to the lack of infrastructure are seeing students back at school, which is spurring 
demand for books and stationery. Some of the schools which had closed during the 
Covid-19 pandemic have also reopened. Further, this has also improved the cash flow 
cycle of the schools, channel partners and distributors, which was severely disrupted for 
the past couple of years. This is reflected in the quicker realisation from the channel 
during H1FY23.  
On the School Education front, we finally got the big launch of National Curriculum 
Framework or NCF covering classes from Kindergarten to Class 2nd in October, 2022. 
With this announcement, we look forward to more such announcements for other 
classes coming through over the next couple of quarters. We have already started 
creating new content and books based on the new curriculum for these classes and we 
shall see the sale of those happen during our upcoming sales season of January to 
March. From a number’s perspective, K-2 contributes approx. 15%-20% of our school 
revenues.  
On the higher Education front, there was a delay in college admissions this year due to 
the delayed Board exam results and CUET results. This impacted Quarter 2 for Higher 
Education as the session for colleges began only in Q3 as compared to Q2 normally, 
however   we look forward to the start of new academic session for 1st year students in 
various engineering and commerce universities. This would lead to strong Higher 
Education Revenues for us in the 3rd quarter.  
On the investments front, we made our first profitable exit from the sale of our stake in 
Testbook for approx. 180m in July. This translates into a 7.8x return over our initial 
investment. We continue to partner Testbook on Smartbooks. 
On the Ed-Tech front, our S Chand Academy on Youtube continues to have phenomenal 
success in a short period of time. We have now launched over 700 videos focused on 
Higher Education topics covering Science, Engineering and Test Preparation so far and 
the channel has already notched up over 6million views. This further enables the 
promotion of our print content, spurring demand in that segment with the blended 
offering. This channel enables students to learn critical areas through top notch 

3 
educationists which may not be available in Tier 2 and Tier 3 colleges. We expect S 
Chand Academy to ramp up significantly and reach over 1,000 videos and 10m views 
over the next few months.  
TestCoach, our test Prep and higher education app is seeing strong traction to cover 
over 100+ government vacancy tests which is a huge market. We expect an increase in 
government vacancies now that things are normalized post Covid and with the elections 
due in 2024 which would further spur demand.  
Madhubun Educate 360 - Our K12 Learning Management System is now being 
implemented in over 55 schools and covers 100K students. Our Personalized Learning 
App Learnflix has over 330k downloads.  
The Publishing business has had a couple of years of disruption which has impacted a lot 
of small and medium sized content providers. In the post covid world of supply chain 
disruptions, raw material shortages and price fluctuations, we are well placed to 
capitalize on our premium product range, brand, distribution network, relationships 
with educational institutions and customer service   along with the financial strength of 
organization. I would like to highlight that this opens up an opportunity for us to 
increase market share and we are working tirelessly for this. 
With that, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Saurabh Mittal to apprise all of us on the 
financial performance of S. Chand. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for your time. I am Saurabh Mittal, CFO of S. 
Chand. 
In terms of numbers for the 1st Half, our consolidated operating revenues came at Rs 
1546 million versus Rs 877 million during the same time last year, registering a growth of 
almost 2 times the revenues vs the half last year. We maintained our gross margins at 
the same levels as last year in spite of the sharp increase in paper prices as realizations 
improved and older inventory got liquidated.  
We reduced our EBITDA losses by 92% to Rs 30 million loss vs loss of Rs 380 million in 
the corresponding period last year in spite of undertaking salary hikes, higher travel 
spends etc during the half, spurred by higher volumes.  
We also reduced our PAT losses by 81% to Rs 136 million loss vs loss of Rs 725 million in 
the corresponding period last year. 

4 
 
I would like to bring your attention to Slide no 8 to slide no 10 which showcases the 
results of the steps taken during the past three years towards building a cost effective 
and lower working capital organisation with focus on positive cash flows. We continue 
to focus on working capital rationalisation and product rationalisation for the coming 
year.  
Trade Receivables reduced to Rs1,572m during Q2FY23 vs. Rs2,017m during Q2FY22. To 
understand the magnitude of this improvement, do keep in mind that receivables 
balance of Rs1,572m includes H1 sales of Rs1,546m. In terms of receivable days, it stood 
at 105 days (vs. 182 days in Q2FY22). This is the lowest receivable days in Q2 in the past 
5 years.  
Inventory increased to Rs1,941m (vs Q2FY22: Rs1,476m). This increase is driven by 
preponement of raw material purchases from Q3 to Q2 this year.  Our inventory 
includes raw material paper inventory of Rs763m (vs. Q2FY22: Rs228m). Do note that FG 
inventory is lower than last year. In terms of inventory days, it stood at 294 days (vs. 295 
days in Q2FY22). 
Net Working Capital reduced to 171 days (vs. 250 days in Q2FY22) which is a reduction 
of 79 days over the previous year. This is the lowest net working capital days in Q2 in the 
past 5 years.  
We ended the 1st Half of the year with Net Debt of Rs711m (vs. Rs1,365m in Q2FY22) 
and Gross Debt: Rs1,458m (vs. Rs1,952m in Q2FY22). Net Debt has reduced by Rs654m 
on a YoY basis.   
As we continue into FY23, I would like to reiterate for this year-:  
1. Firstly, we would be taking a price hike across our product portfolio upwards of 
20% to mitigate increased paper prices. 
2. Secondly, we reiterate that we are looking to do annual revenues of well over Rs 
600 crores which translates into a 25% plus growth rate for the year. This is 
conservative guidance and we would like to see how the main sales season pans 
out.  
3. Thirdly, an unprecedented hike in paper prices may put pressure on our gross 
margins to the tune of 100bps to 200bps. We are looking to counter paper prices 
through our price hike, improving realisations, internal efficiencies and 
continuing cost control through the year.    
4. Fourthly, on the debt front, we are well on our way to becoming net debt free by 
the end of this year and further optimize working capital going ahead.  

5 
5. Fifth, the biggest growth driver for our print business could come from the
introduction of the new syllabus post the announcement of the NCF for the
remaining K3-K12 classes, which contribute almost 80% of our school education
revenues. This should lead to strong revenue and profitability growth for the
next 2-3 years period.
With this, I would like to open the call for your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.  We now begin the question and answer session.  Anyone who 
wishes to ask the question may press “*” and “1” on their touchtone telephone.  If you 
wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you will press “*” and “2”. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentleman, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
Participants, you can press “*” and “1” to ask a question.  The first question is from the 
line of Niteen Dharmavat from Aurum Capital.  Please go ahead. 
Mr. Niteen Dharmavat -- Aurum Capital: 
Okay.  My first question is we mentioned in earlier call and today also that we are going 
to become debt free by quarter 4, but I see that the net debt level has gone up on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, so what is the reason and what is the trajectory that you will 
have in the next quarter on the debt front? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Hi.  Thank you.  So, I'll answer that question, net debt normally goes up in Q2 and Q3 
because of course we procure paper from the market during this time.  Since this year 
the availability of credit from paper suppliers is also low, so we had to be well within 
time or sometimes in advance to procure paper this year, so that is why the utilization 
has gone up, but if you compare to last year's, last year was at about Rs135 odd crores. 
Currently, we're still below the March 22 number.  Do not that we can go up another 
Rs30-40 crores by December, but good collections in the fourth quarter will definitely 
allow us to reach a net debt free position.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited 
 And even if you see Sir, in this inventory as well we got around Rs76 crores of raw 
material (paper) versus Rs22 crores of raw material (paper) last year, which is more than 
Rs50-55 crores of raw material (paper) this year. Now if you see that paper is a raw 
material and where the price of paper is already increasing.  So, if you see that and if you 

6 
 
minus the net debt then the net debt level is almost next to nothing.  So, paper is a thing 
that we wanted to purchase a little earlier than what we normally do because we knew 
that the paper prices are increasing and the availability is becoming tougher and tougher 
and even now also the paper started increasing in November now and we anticipate the 
paper price will be increasing  more, but we have already secured I would say more than 
90% of the paper that is required for the company for this financial year, so we are well 
in our range to make sure the supply and the demand that we are able to fulfill to the 
market.  So, those issues should not be there this year and as a group we would be able 
to have a better market share in the coming months for this year. 
Mr. Niteen Dharmavat -- Aurum Capital: 
Got it.  Thank you.  My next question is, we have given the guidance of revenues of 
Rs600 crore for the current financial year and you have guided earlier on the EBITDA 
range to be around Rs100-120 crores. So do we maintain that also for the financial year 
or is there any change in that? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Yeah that we maintain and I think that's pretty conservative as far as we are concerned.  
I'm sure we'll definitely reach that number.  The trajectory is very good.  If you look at 
our losses, we are already approx. Rs60 crores down from last year losses in H1, so we 
are well on our way for that, no challenges as that is concerned. 
Mr. Niteen Dharmavat -- Aurum Capital: 
Wonderful.  My third and last question is about the NCF as you mentioned that it has 
already been launched for Kindergarten to 2nd standard, so what is the revenue impact 
we'll have? Second is what is the expectation for the subsequent classes and NCF based 
on any of the discussions that you might be having, so if any understanding about the 
subsequent classes NCF, and third and final part of this question is since we are taking a 
price hike around 15%, so what is the volume growth that you'll have along with this 
value or the price hike that we are taking? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
NCF is only launched up to 2nd standard as of now and the rest of the NCF, we are 
anticipating that it might come in the third or fourth quarter. Even then future NCF 
announcements would only impact financials from FY24 onwards.  So, that we are not 
reconsidering as of now, we are only considering the impact until 2nd standard as I have 
mentioned in my opening remark that we have 15-20% of our school education sales 
through those books. So, net net, the major impacts will come in the next financial year 

7 
 
and normally NCF when it is launched we see that through our past experiences it takes 
two to three financial years or academic years to implement in the schools, it doesn't 
happen in the first year only.  So, we will have a good runway I would say in the next two 
to three years also and what was your question last part? 
Mr. Atul Soni -- Head Investor Relations, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Sir price hike is not 15%, it is now 20%. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
20% price hike we have taken in this financial year.  So, that should be largely I would 
say offset the paper increase prices in this and sorry what was the last part? 
Mr. Niteen Dharmavat -- Aurum Capital: 
Volume growth. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
So, volume growth, we are anticipating, we have been very conservative, so we're not 
anticipating right now much volume growth but hopefully, if we are able to capture a 
bigger market share then the volume growth should be decent.  So, it is very difficult to 
say as of now because you have taken conservative figures and we are starting the 
season for schoolbooks.  The major season will start in the Q4, so it is very difficult as of 
now for us to predict what will happen, but I think this year is overall looking much 
better than the previous years. 
Mr. Niteen Dharmavat -- Aurum Capital: 
Thank you so much.  If I have any additional questions, I'll come back. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Please, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Participants you may press “*” and “1” to ask the question.  The next 
question is from the line of Jiten Parmar from Aurum Capital.  Please go ahead. 
 

8 
 
Mr. Jiten Parmar --Aurum Capital: 
Yeah.  So, some of the questions Nitin has already asked.  My question is basically on this 
quarter, if you see in depth of price hike and all, so our volumes have degrown for this 
current quarter it seems.  So, what is the reason for that that is my first question? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Yeah, for the current quarter if you look at comparative last year there were two issues.  
One was last year the first quarter got wiped out because of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the delta wave, so all the business that happened last year for the school business got 
shifted to the Q2 last year.  So, This year Q1 was a normal year thus the school business 
this year we have already done whatever we had to do in the first quarter itself and 
we've got all the orders processed during that period.  So, those orders which were 
there last year for the school business in Q2 did not happen in Q2 this year as they had 
already been done in Q1.  
The second part of it is of course also as already specified in the opening remarks with 
the delay in the examination results and the introduction of CUET, which there was quite 
a lot of confusion in terms of how the marks would be used by the colleges for 
admissions, the delay in admission in colleges.  If you see in Delhi University has just 
started classes in the month of November. That impacted Higher Education Sales during 
Q2 this year.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Most of the college classes are starting in November 15th also. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
So, where the demand got shifted from Q2 mostly in higher education to Q3 which 
should have come in Q2.  So, I think the delta there is about Rs20-25 crores and had that 
come in this quarter it would have been much, much higher, but so these two impacts 
are there.  Actually, we've grown in Q2 as compared in the higher education business for 
almost 30-35%, but because the K12 business actually happened in quarter one, so that 
impact is not really comparable. 
Mr. Jiten Parmar --Aurum Capital: 
Okay and what is the margin guidance for the year? 
 

9 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
We are expecting to gross margins should be around between 53% to 55%.  There may 
be 1%-2% dip over last year and EBITDA guidance should be around 15% to 17%. Of 
course, with our interest costs being much lower than last year, I think we will do much 
better. 
Mr. Jiten Parmar --Aurum Capital: 
Okay and are we in a position to give guidance for next year for the EBITDA margins? 
Mr. Atul Soni -- Head Investor Relations, S Chand & Company Limited: 
It totally depends on how the paper prices move, so I think that's the biggest variable. 
Mr. Jiten Parmar --Aurum Capital: 
Okay. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Of course, we will always be targeting that 18% plus for next year also. 
Mr. Jiten Parmar --Aurum Capital: 
Okay, okay, perfect.  Thank you.  That's all I have.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Participants you may press “*” and “1” to ask the question.  The next 
question is from the line of Deepanshu Shankar from Trustline Holding.  Please go 
ahead. 
Mr. Deepanshu Shankar -- Trustline Holding: 
Good afternoon everyone and thanks a lot for the opportunity and congratulations for a 
good set of numbers.  So, firstly we wanted to understand the guidance of this Rs600-
crore full year revenue, so if we back calculate, so the H2 could be only 13% kind of 
growth we are seeing and we are talking about 20% price increase taken also, so are we 
expecting them substantial volume drop? 
 

10 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
No, we are not expecting any volume de-growth.   We are being conservative with the 
number to be honest. 
Mr. Atul Soni -- Head Investor Relations, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Deepan, The guidance is more than Rs600 crores and not only Rs600 crores.  It is just 
that considering the way things are moving, we do not want to kind of go ahead 
aggressively and give a higher number sitting right now in November.  I think when we 
have our next call in Feb, things will be clearer by that time, but you shouldn't assume 
when we say more than Rs600 crores, we only mean Rs600cr.  Also, if you look at it from 
a different perspective, last year we did Rs480 crores and this year if you are calculating 
with Rs600 crores, then we have already achieved I think around Rs70-80 crore more 
than last year in the first half itself. Surely, we should see normal sales in Q4 with 20% 
price hike built in our product. So, that is just the conservative approach to a number 
from our side. 
Mr. Deepanshu Shankar -- Trustline Holding: 
Okay, okay, okay. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
See in the Q4, we will definitely see our sales, which we will see uptick of 20% from 
pricing side itself.  Now you can make those assumptions based on this particular 
package. 
Mr. Deepanshu Shankar -- Trustline Holding: 
Okay, okay, okay, okay.  So, last year calls, we have been talking that lot of small towns 
schools, private schools have shut down, so are we seeing some increase in these 
schools and also enrollment also are we seeing improvement in schools considering last 
year? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Yeah, very much Sir and the students who are shifted to government schools are now 
slowly coming back to private schools, basically affordable private schools I would say 
and the schools which have shut down in the COVID period slowly and gradually we are 
seeing a lot of schools also reopening.  So, I would say in the next year or so the whole 
business should come back to normal and we would see that the children will again go 

11 
 
back to their own schools where they had started before the COVID and I think now it's 
getting more normalized.  It is almost I would say 80-90% normalized, whereas 10-20% 
will happen over the next 12 months. 
Mr. Deepanshu Shankar -- Trustline Holding: 
Okay, okay, good to hear that and lastly from my side, so this S Chand Academy YouTube 
channel so we have seen substantial traction there, so what kind of revenues currently it 
is contributing and what kind of plan we have to scale up that? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Sir revenue is a very, very miniscule as of now but the idea behind the YouTube channel 
is that basically what we want to give as a child is additional digital online support that 
the child was not getting earlier from us and so basically if you see to the YouTube from 
basically our popular books which are popular in higher education, which is test Prep as 
well as college, we have converted one chapter of every book into a video based lecture.  
So, if you have 10 chapters in a book for example you will have 10 lectures of that 
particular book given by a known educationist on the YouTube channel for free.  So, 
there is some part of our ad revenue which we generate because of the number of views 
you, but the revenue as of now is very miniscule, nothing to talk about, but in the future 
we believe that this will be a more blended learning approach where it will help us in 
selling our more books and keeping retention of our books in the customers mind and 
even maybe in this channel has a large views and a large number of subscriber base then 
there might be decent amount of revenue coming from YouTube, but as of now we have 
not planned any revenue kind of a budget, so that is not the case as of now, but it is yet 
it is definitely a good digital support that we are offering to the students and the 
education community as a whole. 
Mr. Deepanshu Shankar -- Trustline Holding: 
Okay sure.  Thanks a lot.  I'll come back in the queue. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Participants you may press “*” and “1” to ask the question.  The next 
question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi.  Please go ahead. 

12 
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi -- Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, Analyst: 
Yeah, I have some book keeping questions.  I think there were some audit qualifications 
which was given at this time on the results, so if you can just explain what its related to.  
I think it is related to our investments in DS Digital, so that is one and secondly given the 
fact that we have some past accumulated losses what will be the projected tax rate for 
this year? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Yeah.  Jignesh the qualification that you're talking about has been there since December 
2021 right, so it's not a new qualification it's been there for the last four quarters now 
and it's largely around the investment made in DS Digital where the exposure is only  
about Rs30-35 crores, but two things A – The impact is only on the standalone financials.  
There is absolutely no impact on the consolidated financials or performance of the 
company because the losses of the subsidiary have already been accounted for in the 
consolidated financial, so as far as consolidated financials are concern, it will have 
absolutely no impact.  Some impact on standalone financials may be there, but, 
however, we have already provided to the auditor’s evaluation of the IPR that is already 
lying in that company – D S Digital.  Unfortunately, with two years of pandemic with 
most physical school happening the smart class business which used to be there in that 
company they take a back seat, but having said that we are seeing there is a demand 
coming back and the in classroom digital business there is still quite a lot of demand 
coming back into the business, so we hope that it'll come back.   
The other thing is also that there is already an application for merger of education 
businesses of DS Digital and Safari Digital along with the companies Blackie and Nirja 
Publishers   which is already been filed with the NCLT since 2017 and this merger should 
have been approved long back, but for the pandemic.  We expect that to be approved in 
the current month since there is a hearing that is supposed to happen and post that 
there will be no impact on standalone financials because DS Digital would anyway get 
merged with the parent company.  So, overall, in terms of performance no impact on 
balance sheet on the consolidated basis.  Standalone basis even after the merger, there 
will be no impact. 
Mr. Atul Soni -- Head Investor Relations, S Chand & Company Limited: 
So, I hope that has clarified your doubt Jinesh? 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi -- Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, Analyst: 
Yeah, yeah on the taxes side for this year. 

13 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
On the taxes side we should be around 26% on average. 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi -- Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, Analyst: 
But despite having accumulated losses the tax rate will be in the tune of 25-26% is that 
what you're saying? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
No because whether you have accumulated losses or not, for accumulated loss 
accounting is done under with deferred tax, so on a net impact basis whatever losses are 
already impact has been taken and in the tax.  There may be a slight extra impact 
because with New Saraswati performance improving and some deferred tax not 
recognized in the previous year, so they might reduce it by 100 to 200 bps, but I don't 
see any major impact.  Yes, with the merger of DS and Safari, there might be some lower 
tax post-merger, but then you can't really quantify it as of now.  So that might be a one-
time item.  It's not a regular item, so regular should be around 26%. 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi -- Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, Analyst: 
And lastly with respect to NCF, we have given the breakdown with respect to what 
sections contributes to what proportion of our offline in one of the slides, but can you 
explain I mean how big is the second hand book market especially on the CBSE and the 
ICSE side because once NCF comes in, I think that portion of the market will become 
redundant, so any broad number which you would want to give? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Sir, second hand market in the CBSE and ICSE is not very large because the students 
have to supposedly take the set of the books from the school so it's not very large I 
would say as compared to the state board schools, but yes there is a small percentage 
where the child may use second hand or maybe used books and Corona times  we saw a 
lot of exchange of books happen between each other in terms of neighbors or in terms 
of schools also, but we don't see any of that impact happening after the corona, 
hopefully it's over, and going forward we do not see much happening there, but yes 
there will be some kind of a stock inventory which we may not be able to fully liquidate 
after the new curriculum, but that will not be a very large inventory I would say, that will 
not be very large impact on the company that it should be a small inventory, but overall 
the road ahead looks much better than before. 

14 
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi -- Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, Analyst: 
Sir one last question from my side and that is on paper crisis, so how do you see the 
trend shaping up going ahead giving the fact that we have, we stock a lot of paper 
inventory I believe and that gives an indication that prices are expected to rise and in 
that context how are the smaller players managing their inventory cycle especially the 
ones from the unorganized market are they able to make payments on time and do we 
see any kind of liquidity crunch on their side would lead us to get additional business 
from them? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
So, I believe that as I said in my earlier remarks that we have to procured  or secured I 
would say close to 90% of our inventory requirements for the year, rest also 10-15% 
requirement if comes in, we will be able to secure it, but as for other players in the 
market as the competition we believe lot of unorganized and small players are finding it 
tough to get the paper inventory and even medium sized players who have the money 
or who have the financial capacity procuring paper slowly and gradually, but I do not 
foresee that they will be able to procure full paper inventory for this year.  They may be 
able to procure 70-80%, but there still might be a gap of 20 to 30%, but the smaller 
players or the very small players will have a tough time going ahead.  So that should 
opens up an opportunity for us as in terms of market share, but as I said earlier, we are 
very focused on the quality of the sales, so we want to increase the market share 
definitely, but we don't want to increase that by having non quality customers.  So, the 
customer quality is good and he is making us payment on time and we have the margins 
in that order, we definitely will take up that order, but you know we feel that there is 
not much margin there.  We are willing to leave that order, so there will be I would say 
both sides to the system here in this year because we want to be very, very focused on 
the quality of the sales -- of the business. 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi -- Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, Analyst: 
Got that.  Thank you so much. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Jayesh Shroff from CSK capital.  Please 
go ahead. 

15 
 
Mr. Jayesh Shroff -- CSK Capital: 
Hi, good afternoon.  I have a couple of questions.  So, first in terms of you're talking of 
taking the 20% price hike, so do you think that there is going to be any impact on 
volume, so primarily your confidence in terms of volume means that the market is 
absolutely inelastic to pricing. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
From our market information, most of the publishers who have released their price list 
for this year have increased price in 20-25% range, so we are in line with the market 
expectation in terms of the price increase.  As for the volume growth, we expect volume 
growth, how much is very difficult should you answer as of now, but as I said earlier we 
would be trying to get a bigger chunk of the market share, but only if the quality of the 
sales is good then only we will be able to do it.  We will not go ahead and decrease the 
quality of the sales process and the customers, so we are very clear on that part.  So, just 
to increase volume we are not going to get all or any order in the system.   
Mr. Jayesh Shroff -- CSK Capital: 
No, so my question was more in terms of overall market whether the market will shift to 
second hand book or something because of such a steep price hike in a years’ time? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
I don't foresee that because as the school business specially CBSE and ICSE schools, the 
schools have a larger say in which books to use and the children normally we have seen 
do  buy those kind of books, the parents basically and in the last two years what 
happened was a lot of people also exchanged and they used the old book or the second 
hand used books, but we don't foresee that happening in this coming year because a lot 
of schools are changing their school book list also.  So, it the book list changes, from the 
last 2-3 years the book list were not changing because of corona, now the book lists are 
going to change this year, so we see better opportunities this year and we don't believe 
that the used book market is going to matter as much. 
Mr. Jayesh Shroff -- CSK Capital: 
Okay.  My second question is on similar lines, now that the new National Curriculum 
Framework is likely to be announced in maybe in another 8-9 months or 8 to 12 months’ 
time, you think that overall people or your distribution segment would be vary of 
actually placing large orders because you know in a years’ time whatever you sell today 
will become a more or less redundant. 

16 
 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
So, even if they are wanting to place orders, we are still very cautious when we take the 
orders, which a person is ordering 100 books for example for a class, we normally want 
to understand how many students are in that particular school and we normally tend to 
rationalize that order by around 20% or so, so we don't give more than 75%-80% to that 
customer and this year we will be more careful.  Last year we had made a policy that we 
do not want school books return on more than 15%.  This year we already circulated the 
policy that we don't want the returns of more than 12% from this year and starting next 
year we will be fixing it 10% going forward.  So, we are very careful and taking returns 
from these customers and as I said earlier also that it takes normally two to three years 
for the fully the national curriculum from implemented in all the schools.  So, as I said, 
we do not foresee a very large inventory being stuck up in the system where it will not 
be sold.  Some small part of the inventory yes would be remaining unsold, but I don't see 
that being a very large number. 
Mr. Jayesh Shroff -- CSK Capital: 
Okay.  So, you said as a policy you will take back 10% of the inventory from your 
customers is that? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Yeah, next year, starting next year.  This year it is going to be 12%. 
Mr. Jayesh Shroff -- CSK Capital: 
Okay.  Yeah, so this is the policy, what is the actual returns that you have taken over last 
two-three years? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
So, earlier years we used to take a little bit higher returns, exact numbers all of you have 
the number.  Saurabh do you have the numbers? 
Mr. Jayesh Shroff -- CSK Capital: 
No, just give me some benchmark. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
See benchmark earlier used to be around 17-18%, which went up to about 25-26% 
during the pandemic.  This year I think we're down to pre-pandemic levels already if not 

17 
 
less and we continue to be strict and I think by next year if you're targeting about 12, we 
will be around 12%-13%-14%, that's the maximum that we will do so that's where we 
are placed and that has an impact on our gross margin also because you don't have to 
resell the inventory again.  So, that's definitely a benefit. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Basically, we come to know what is the market situation, how many books are in the 
market, if you get the returns in time then we can plan our production also in the proper 
away. 
Mr. Jayesh Shroff -- CSK Capital: 
Sure, sure.  That’s it from my side.  Thank you, Sir. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from NAFA Asset 
Managers.  Please go ahead. 
Mr. Devang Patel - NAFA Asset Managers: 
Yes, hi Sir.  We've done very well on working capital, my question was what is the level 
of sustainable working capital, is there any pushback to our revised terms and what is 
the target for receivables for the September period? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
September is also already reported and our working capital in terms of receivable days 
should be much better by December end.  Our target is to be around where we are right 
now, but I mean we also did not expect the kind of results that we got and it's just 
getting better because you'll be able to push and it just gets better by the day.  So, we're 
happy with where we are.  Inventory rationalization will happen by the end of this year.  
Of course, currently we're building inventory, but on the receivable cycle, we are very 
happy to bring it down to 105.  Ideally, we should of course, but this will change by 
March because the major Sales would happen by March, but on year-on-year basis we 
should be definitely improving going ahead and that is the discipline you would like to 
maintain. 

18 
 
Mr. Devang Patel - NAFA Asset Managers: 
Sir, in the slide you've given all the Q2 comparison, therefore I was asking that for Q2 
period only next year will we see further fall from 105 levels and where would you like 
that number to be? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
See ideally yeah, I mean if we can bring it lower to about 90 is fine, 90-100, I think this is 
the don't remember it to be lower than this. 
Mr. Atul Soni -- Head Investor Relations, S Chand & Company Limited: 
See Devang one way to look at this receivable number in absolute sense is that 
essentially whatever pending at the end of March, we have collected all of it and the 
current receivable balance is actually our first half sales.  Now in an industry where you 
give credit periods of a couple of months, this already shows that you know it's down I 
mean it's going down quite a bit.  As of now it is obviously one would want it to get 
better by another 10 odd days or so, but the thing is that you know given the way the 
numbers are right now, next year it will be difficult to call out.  I mean if you're looking 
for an exact number where it would be we would not be able to provide that as of now. 
Mr. Devang Patel - NAFA Asset Managers: 
But broadly these number 90 to 105 days is where you would want to  
Mr. Atul Soni -- Head Investor Relations, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Yes, that is something we would love to sustain. 
Mr. Devang Patel - NAFA Asset Managers: 
Okay.  Sir second question was on the minority investments, now you've booked profit 
in one, and you've given the principles on which you would invest, could you talk about 
how you are contributing in the operations of the other companies or even in the case 
of textbook what has essence contribution been other than just the financial investment 
in operations? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
So, in terms of Textbook we had actually helped them distribute better because we had 
printed their voucher in our bestselling books that had gotten a lot of traction.  We are 
also doing smart books along with them so there is a content collaboration also going on 

19 
 
which had a QR code for their application that helped them. So, those are the kind of 
things that we did with textbooks.   
We have a couple of other investments also which are currently running. In Smartivity 
Labs where we had initially helped them with a lot of -- we had got VRX developed 
through them, and we had some other work with them and we continue to support 
them on various other backend matters and stuff.  We would probably like to 
collaborate with them for post NCF School development.   
Currently, for iNeuron, we are already doing some B2B with certain universities, so that 
we have already signed one agreement for their courses in university, so we continue to 
provide both back end and even some B2B connect to all of them. 
Mr. Atul Soni -- Head Investor Relations, S Chand & Company Limited: 
So, Devang, I mean we have one of the oldest companies in this industry right, so the 
biggest help that one can give us in terms of industry feedback and contacts that is 
something which one cannot quantify, but that is where for a new startup to get access 
to our relationships that matters a lot.  So, I think that will be the biggest one.  Secondly, 
you will have on content whether it is content or whether it's common content 
development or around their content, I think that is where these kinds of investment get 
maximum benefit from us. 
Mr. Devang Patel - NAFA Asset Managers: 
Right Sir.  Sir the next question was where Learnflix and Mylestone are kind of 
plateauing is incrementally more attention on the YouTube channel now? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
We believe that you know going forward if you see even the digital apps that are 
available, even the BYJU’s and the Unacademy in all those places, we believe that these 
apps are getting less traction and now more traction is getting built on the YouTube.  If 
you see Physicswallah and all those YouTube channels they are doing much better and 
there's a lot of lot of interest in the YouTube because YouTube is really accessible to 
every person and YouTube videos are coming for free or very, very subsidized rates.  
Going forward, in my opinion, YouTube will be a better medium to promote your digital 
online offerings and apps would be there, I'm not saying apps wouldn’t be there, but 
more I would say traction is coming through YouTube. 
 

20 
Mr. Devang Patel - NAFA Asset Managers: 
Roughly, what would be your annual expenditure if you could share that on YouTube 
channel? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
YouTube channel is not a very expensive proposition in making content and digital 
promotion.  I would say maybe close to a crore or a crore and a half the whole year for 
the group. 
Mr. Devang Patel - NAFA Asset Managers: 
Thanks Sir.  That’s all from my side.  Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Participants you may press “*” and “1” to ask the question.  A reminder to 
all the participants you may press “*” and “1” to ask the question.  As there are no 
further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta -- Managing Director, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Thank you all for being there and attending the conference call and I wish you all the 
best of health and a good -- all the things in the festival that we have and I hope that the 
group also achieves new heights and be a debt free company by the end of fourth 
quarter and we are at the process of improving our sales quality and getting more 
market shares and definitely we will catch up soon.  Thank you so much. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal -- CFO, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.  On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, that concludes 
this conference.  Thank you for joining us.  You may now disconnect your lines.  Thank 
you. 
End of Transcript 
