  
Ref: KL/SEC/2022-23 
/92 
Date: 18' November, 2022 
To, 
To, 
The Manager- Listing 
The Manager- Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
NSE Symbol: KAMDHENU 
BSE Scrip Code: 532741 
Sub: Submission of Q2 H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuance to our earlier letter KL/SEC/2022-23/81 dated 10% November, 2022 and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
held 
on Monday, 
14tt November, 
2022 
for 
the 
quarter 
and 
half year ended 
on 
30th September, 2022. 
We request you to kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kamdhenu Limited 
Khem Chand, 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: as above. 
KAMDHENU LIMITED 
Regd. Off. 2" Floor, Building No. 9A, DLF 
E-mail: kamdhenu@kamdhenulimited.com 
CIN: L27101HR1994PLC092205 
Cyber City, Phase-Ill, Gurugram, HR-122002 
Website: www.kamdhenulimited.com 
Phone: 0124 4604500
Khem Chand
Digitally signed by Khem 
Chand 
Date: 2022.11.18 16:59:34 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Kamdhenu Limited  
Q2 H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kamdhenu Limited, Management:  
 
Mr. Satish Agarwal   
: 
Chairman & Managing Director  
Mr. Harish Agarwal  
: 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 14th November  2022 will prevail 
 

 
Kamdhenu Limited  
November 14,2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q2 H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
of Kamdhenu Limited. This conference call may contain forward looking statements about the 
company which are based on the belief, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Satish Kumar Agarwal – Chairman and Managing 
Director – Kamdhenu Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Agarwal. 
Satish Agarwal: 
Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to everyone present on the call. Along with me I have 
Mr. Harish Agarwal – Chief Financial Officer and Strategic Growth Advisor our Investor 
Relation Advisor. 
We have uploaded our result and investor presentation for the quarter on the stock exchanges 
and company’s website hope everyone had a chance to go through the same. India the world 
second largest crude steel producer  posted 11.4% growth in finished steel consumption during 
April to October to 65.5 million tons. Indian demand remains a bright spot in major steel market 
as domestic consumption is seeing growing at a high single digit rate over the next 12 months 
to 15 months.  
Steel industry is poised towards  growth on the back of construction sector which is going to a 
Pan India driver of steel demand in the country. This would be driven by strong government 
trust for infrastructure development and housing for all. Further support to development of the 
steel industry is expected to come through the Make in India initiative. The demand for TMT 
bar has also been picking up on account of demand from the infrastructure and the essential 
projects which will be huge. Demand for decorative paints have been witnessing strong traction 
over the past few quarters and we expect this momentum to continue on back of shortening of 
the painting cycle, housing demand and consume preference to build pucca  houses.  
We are poised towards growth by focusing on the premiumization of portfolio. On the raw 
material front commodity prices have been very volatile and have seen a sharp rise, but now the 
prices seems to be stabilizing gradually. Our company has reported a revenue growth of 25% 
year-on-year to 191 crore for Q2 FY23 for H1 FY23 revenue stood at 382 crore delivering a 
growth of 44% year-on-year. With the wide portfolio of products from TMT bars, structural steel 
and color quoted profile sheet we are well established to cater any demand going ahead. We 
further plan to expand our franchise and dealer network and also enhance the steel TMT capacity 
by increasing annual production capacity from 38 lakh metric tons to 50 lakhs metric tons 

 
Kamdhenu Limited  
November 14,2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
through franchise route  by FY24. We have an increased focus on own manufacturing and 
franchise business along with a recouped business strategy of reducing B2B trading sales which 
leads to lower working capital hereby enhancing capital efficiency. We command a dominant 
market share in the organized retail segment of the steel and paint industry with our strong brand 
new product categories in decorative paint, marketing and distribution network and unique asset 
light model we are well placed to capture any opportunities in future. The focus of paint business 
continues to penetrate into existing markets, explored new markets and expand the dealer 
network in Tier-2, Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities.  
Our strategy remains on manufacture and sales of premium paint products and reduction in 
manufacturing of commoditized products. In order to achieve this goal, we are outsourcing our 
low value product from contract manufacturers adhering to stringent quality standards. We wish 
to inform you that Kamdhenu Ventures Limited has received an in-principle approval from BSE 
and NSE on 3rd November and 7th November 22 respectively for listing of equity shares 
pursuant  to the scheme of arrangement. We are delighted to inform that we are raising funds to 
the tune of Rs. 70 crore this will help to reduce our debt and make us debt free.  
This will also help create a better brand positioning in the industry. The company’s board of 
directors have decided to create offer issue and give us convertible warrants on the preferential 
basis in one or more trenches up to a maximum of 50 lakh warrants. Each warrant gives the 
holder the right to convert into equity shares with the face value of Rs. 10 and get one fully paid-
up equity share in exchange for each warrant within 18 months of the date of issue at a price of 
Rs. 141. 
With this, I would hand over the call to our Group CFO – Mr. Harish Agarwal for the financials. 
Thank you all. 
Harish Agarwal: 
Thank you sir. I will take you all through the financials for Q2 and H1 FY23. Our steel volume 
including franchise route  have stood at 6.8 lakh metric ton in Q2 FY23  as compared to 6 lakh 
metric ton in Q2 FY22 a year-on-year growth of 13% for H1 FY23 steel volume grew by 21% 
to 14.1 lakh metric tons. Our TMT volume from own facility stood at 26,785 MT in Q2 FY23 
as compared to 25,190 MT in Q2 FY22 a year-on-year growth of 6%. For H1 FY23 TMT volume 
grew by 21% to 51,214 MT. Total brand turnover for Q2 FY23 stood Rs. 4,916 crore as 
compared to 3,792 crore in Q2 FY22 a growth of 30% year-on-year basis. For H1 FY23 total 
brand turnover grew by 40% year-on-year to 10,225 crores. Royalty income to franchise stood 
at Rs. 26.2 crores in Q2 FY23 as compared to Rs. 22.5 crores in Q2 FY22  a growth of 16% 
year-on-year basis. For H1 FY23 it grew by 22% to 53.8 crores.  
Revenue from own facility was up by 24% to 155.8 crores in Q2 FY23 as compared to 125.5 
crores in Q2 FY22. For H1 FY23 it grew by 44% to 308.40 crores. Total sales from steel business 
stood at Rs. 191.3 crores for Q2 FY23 as compared to Rs. 152.7 crore for Q2 FY22 a growth of 
25% year-on-year basis. For H1 FY23 it grew by 44% year-on-year to 382.5 crores. Our 

 
Kamdhenu Limited  
November 14,2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 12.2 crores in Q2 FY23 as compared to Rs. 10.7 crores in Q2 FY22 a 
growth of 14%. For H1 FY23 it grew by 10% to 27.6 crores. Profit before tax stood at Rs. 10.9 
crores for Q2 FY23 as against 10.1 crore in Q2 FY22 a growth of 7% and H1 FY23 it stood at 
Rs. 24.4 crores a growth of 4% year-on-year basis.  
Pursuant to scheme of arrangement become effective the paint business of Kamdhenu Limited 
have been transferred to and   vested with Kamdhenu Colour and Coatings Limited with effect 
from 1st April 2022 being the appointed date. Therefore, the company is not required to disclose 
the consolidated financial with effect from 1st April 2022 onwards. Although, I shall now take 
you through the financials of paint business.  
The total sales from paint business for Q2 FY23 stood at Rs. 64.4 crore as compared to 62.9 
crore in Q2 FY22 achieved a growth of 2% year-on-year basis and grew by 24% in H1 FY23 to 
119.1 crores.  
Our overall volume from own manufacturing and outsourcing stood at 8,519 KL in Q2 FY23 as 
compared to 8,351 KL for Q2 FY22 the year-on-year growth of 2% and it grew by 16% year-
on-year to 15,601 in H1 FY23. EBITDA for Q2 FY23 stood at Rs. minus 0.7 crores as compared 
to 3.1 crore in Q2 FY22 and stood at minus 0.5 in H1 FY23 as against 0.3 in H1 FY22. Our 
profit before tax was minus 1.9 crore in Q2 FY23 as compared to 0.3 crore in Q2 FY22 and for 
H1 FY23 it stood at minus 5.7 crores. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for question and answers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Prachi Sharma from Ace Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Prachi Sharma: 
I just have a couple of questions in our paint business what is the proportion of business from 
our own manufacturing versus what is outsourced? 
Harish Agarwal: 
In this first half we have turnover of 119 crore against that 92 crore from own manufacturing 
and around 27 crore from the outsourcing business.  
Prachi Sharma: 
Sir my next question is so as you mentioned our royalty income grew by 16% year-on-year and 
22% in H1, could you tell the amount of royalty our company charged per ton? 
Harish Agarwal: 
The average for 6 month is Rs. 384 per metric ton and the volume is in the Q2 it was 6.82 lakh 
metric ton as against 6.02 lakh in the last year Q2. For H1 last year it was 11.66 lakh metric ton 
and this year it is 14.12 lakh metric ton. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Ashay Jain from Jain Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Kamdhenu Limited  
November 14,2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
Ashay Jain: 
I have a couple of questions firstly what was the branding and promotion expenses for steel 
business for  Q2 FY23? 
Harish Agarwal: 
In the Q2 FY23 it was 12.5 crore jointly spent by Kamdhenu as well as its franchise units.  
Ashay Jain: 
Secondly, how is the demand scenario for paint business and how do you see it panning  out 
going ahead? 
Satish Agarwal: 
You see demand for paint business is continuously growing as you know the Kamdhenu is only 
working for the decorative segment and decorative paints and you can very well understand that 
the Q2 was a rainy season and we are having floods in each and every part of the country and 
accordingly in Tier-2, Tier-3, Tier-4 cities the demand for low price item that is distemper, putty, 
primer  and low price enamel for emulsions was there no doubt the growth of the total volume 
in our unit was there, but just because of the sale of low price items the overall working and you 
see overall profits were not reflected accordingly as we were expecting, but now October 
onwards the demand for the premium products has come down and hope the Q3 will be much 
better than the expectation.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Shivam from VG Brothers LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Shivam: 
Sir, I would like to ask a question actually I am somewhat new to the company, so can you just 
tell me some of the competitor which your company face in TMT bars? 
Satish Agarwal: 
I want to tell that our franchise model which is there it is asset light innovative model and at 
Kamdhenu we had  a vision around 25 years back that we want to make a good quality product 
for every house throughout India at a reasonable cost and I think that dream we have been able 
to accomplish   In our entire country we have more than 80 units across India who are making 
different products of Kamdhenu, TMT, structural steel, pipe, angle, channel and color coated 
steel so in that way we are working and in India we have a major presence in retail business 
share. Company has around approximately 12,000 retail dealers  and apart from that the 
company has distributors,  franchise  and  through this  model  we are able to provide the end 
consumers quality products  with  reasonable cost through minimum freight, minimum 
expenses.etc. and in this model like Harish has just said that this time we did  around 28 lakh ton 
out of which around 14 lakh ton of TMT Bars we sold  in 6 months  and annually in  entire India 
we have the largest retail business  and if you will see in metros  the builders and developers 
who work  even they are  our client.   In the entire country Tier-1, Tier-2, metros, Tier-3, in rural, 
single storey , two storey , three storey  and five storey building has been made which they make 
themselves. So, in that way whatever the customer requirement is there in every step sometimes 
1 ton, 2 ton sometimes 5 ton that is our strength through retail and our retail network we can 
make this happen and more biggest strength is that in whole India wherever product is needed 
within 24 hours we make that product available through retail. So, in this way we have a business 

 
Kamdhenu Limited  
November 14,2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
model and the franchise which is there is through direct distributor to retail we are doing the 
invoicing and to the company we have fixed amount which is in our contract royalty in our books 
get reflected.  
Shivam: 
Sir competitors? 
Satish Agarwal: 
Competition is there throughout India and main competition through retail it is with Tata Steel. 
We sell more products in retail than Tata Steel and at a regional  level somebody or the other 
regional area best friend is present if you go to Raipur you will get the diamond and if you go to 
North you will get something else, if you go to Bengal you will get Shyam Steel, if you go to 
South you get something else. So, regional areas in that area there are some good brands and one 
more strength is that Kamdhenu brand premium that is around Rs. 1,500 to Rs. 4,000 premium 
brand is the best brand of the regional area that we command and our All India weighted average 
is around 2,500 ton premium which  Kamdhenu product does Kamdhenu brand.  
Shivam: 
In South BK steel has a lot of presence so are your margins better in South from BK steel or is 
it like competitive? 
Satish Agarwal: 
In South also we have a good price and we have a premium and in South we have a good sales 
and if you see in North East South West the way it is there almost.  
Harish Agarwal: 
12% sale is from the South, 20% sale comes from the West and one-third portion is from North 
and one third portion from East. Compared to other part of the country in South there is a less 
presence  and there is a pressure of premium, but we command premium.  
Shivam: 
Is it because of the dominant presence of BK Steel in South? 
Satish Agarwal: 
Not due to dominant presence it is because we just entered  South late after 10 years. We entered 
this business in North in  1995. In South we entered the business in say 2015. So, slowly and 
slowly we are progressing the sales in the South also.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Akash Mehta from Capaz Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Akash Mehta: 
I had three particular questions first one is on the utilization level, so you can tell me the current 
utilization levels at your steel and paint business? 
Harish Agarwal: 
It is around 80% capacity utilization in the steel business. In our paint business we are gradually 
increasing, but right now it is around 35%.  
Akash Mehta: 
And second question was on the demand scenario so could you throw some light on the demand 
scenario for your steel products and also how is the trend in the prices of raw material? 

 
Kamdhenu Limited  
November 14,2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Harish Agarwal: 
I think in the previous question it has been answered.  
Satish Agarwal: 
Normally the demand of steel is 6% to 8% in India and there is a continuous growth, but 
Kamdhenu is converting unorganized sector  into organized sector and  our inorganic and 
organic both growth comes  from the market. Anytime you see kamdhenu’s growth has always 
been around 14-15% it is not less than that and   demand definitely has been there and the biggest 
strength which we have at Kamdhenu is that  we are able to connect to people’s heart.   In  life 
we are able to make the house only one time and you can change the interior any time, but steel 
you cannot change so that feeling we are able to communicate to everyone. So, you will see that 
any product of steel it has been sold as a commodity and only TMT Bar it has been sold at a 
branded product and everybody is aware about the quality and you will see everybody  like film 
star and cricketer  from Amitabh Bachchan till Virat Kohli  promoting TMT. So, we think that 
this is our big achievement that we are able to make the people aware to go in quality product. 
In life for house you purchase anything, but take quality product that is the big achievement for 
Kamdhenu.  
Akash Mehta: 
Last question how do you plan to increase our franchise and dealer network as such? 
Satish Agarwal: 
See this is an ongoing process like we have existing franchise and we have the proposals for new 
franchise also and apart from that we take  the effort  that our existing franchise  enhances their 
capacity. If you see in the past whatever capacity we have build up in that more than  50%, 60% 
contribution is of our old franchise. The way their capacity is increasing their viability is 
improving and their profitability is also getting improved and we also have  the internal strength 
that the unit which was making 1 lakh ton material ton is now making 2 lakh material ton. So, 
in this way through franchise route we are building up our capacity and like Harish has said that 
we have 38 lakh ton capacity  and 50 lakh ton we will be able to complete till 24 and in the 
coming time the demand which is coming then accordingly we have to maintain the premium as 
well  and we have a continuous growth and we have to expand this further that  is our plan.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Dave from Bright Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Dave: 
I would like to ask in our steel business revenues from our own facilities were up by 24% in 
Quarter 2 and by 44% in H1 FY23, was this growth driven by volumes or was it on account of 
higher realizations? 
Harish Agarwal: 
Can you please repeat the question.  
Abhishek Dave: 
In our steel business revenues from own facilities were up by 24% in Quarter 2 and by 44% in 
H1 FY23, was this growth driven by volumes or was it on account of higher realization? 
Harish Agarwal: 
It was mix with the realization and with the volume. If you want to know the volume when the 
volume has increased from own manufacturing that is in the Q2 last year it was 25,190 metric 

 
Kamdhenu Limited  
November 14,2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
ton, this time it is 26,785 or for the H1 last year it was 42,108 metric ton and this time it is 51,214 
metric ton. So, this is by way of volume it is increase to 22%, but in term of value it is increased 
to 44%.  
Abhishek Dave: 
One more question can you throw some light on the CAPEX plans in your both businesses? 
Harish Agarwal: 
In steel we are not having any CAPEX plan and in the paint business at a level first we would 
like to utilize our capacity then thereafter if we achieve the turnover of 500 to 600 crore then we 
are planning to have the another plant, but in the next one year or two year there is no CAPEX 
plan.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Anup Shah from Shrinath Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Anup Shah: 
congratulations on the fund raise. Just wanted to understand why are we doing it in the steel 
business and what are our plan? 
Harish Agarwal: 
Our plan is in fact we have aim to reduce our debt and to make the company zero debt and also 
to have the new brand positioning and the other is redefining our franchise business model. So, 
this is the main objective of the fund raising.  
Anup Shah: 
And any update on the fund raise in the paint business? 
Harish Agarwal: 
Yes we are planning on that in the last interview I appraise that around 200 crore we are planning 
to raise the fund in the paint business for repositioning of brand and making some CAPEX for 
the future after one year or two years and also some working capital. We are planning to raise 
the fund by inducing some strategic investors.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Parth Vasani from PK Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Parth Vasani: 
I just had one question sir can you tell us by when the Kamdhenu Ventures will be listed? 
Harish Agarwal: 
Within this quarter. It has already got the in principal approval and it is expected that SEBI will 
clear the proposal in November and the corporate action and some other formalities will be 
complete in December itself.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Sandeep Goyal from Devi Fintech. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Goyal: 
So, you just mentioned about your capacity utilization for steel business is around 80%, so is it 
for the franchise business? 

 
Kamdhenu Limited  
November 14,2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Harish Agarwal: 
This is our own plant.  
Sandeep Goyal: 
And what about franchise? 
Harish Agarwal: 
Franchise is around 60% capacity utilization.  
Sandeep Goyal: 
So, is it increase or decrease from the previous one? 
Harish Agarwal: 
Yes it is increasing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Harish Agarwal: 
I take this opportunity to thank you everyone for joining on the call. I hope we have been able 
to address all your queries. For any further information kindly get in touch with me or SGA our 
Investor Relation Advisor. Thank you once again.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Kamdhenu Limited that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines.  
