November 19, 2022
To,
BSE LIMITED
National Stock Exchange of
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001
India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,
BSE Scrip Code: 532684
Bandra (East), Mumbai 
400051
NSE Symbol: EKC
NSE Series: EQ
Dear Sir(s),
Sub: Transcript of Earning call for Q2FY2023
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the Earning Call held 
on November 15, 2022.
The same has also been uploaded on the Company's website and the 
same can be accessed at https://everestkanto.com/investors/recent- 
updates/
This is for your information and records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully
For Everest Kanto Cylinder Limited
EVEREST
KANTO
CYLINDER
LIMITED
Manufacturers 
of High Pressure 
Seamless
Gas Cylinders
Registered Office: 
204, Raheja Centre, 
Free Press Journal Marg, 
214, Nariman Point, 
Mumbai - 400 021.
CIN L29200MH1978PLC020434
Tel. : + 91-22 4926 8300/01
Fax : + 91-22 4926 8354
Website: www.everestkanto.com
Reena Shah
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Encl: a/a
REENA 
TEJAS SHAH
Digitally signed by 
REENA TEJAS SHAH 
Date: 2022.11.19 
11:51:08 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
        
Everest Kanto Cylinder Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 15, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Everest Kanto Cylinder 
Limited - Earnings Conference call. 
 
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during a conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone, 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aesha Shah from CDR India. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Aisha Shah: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Everest Kanto 
Cylinder Q2 & H1 FY23 earnings conference call. 
 
 
We have with us today, Mr. Puneet Khurana, Managing Director; and Mr. 
Sanjiv Kapur, Chief Financial Officer of the company. 
 
 
We'll initiate the call with the opening remarks from the Management 
following which we will have the forum open for the question and answer 
session. 
 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some statement made in today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
 
I will now request Mr. Puneet Khurana to make his opening remarks.  
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our earnings 
conference call. I will initiate the call by taking you through the operation and 
financial performance, after which we will open the forum to have a Q&A 
session. 
 
 
Our performance during the quarter remains soft on account of the low 
demand witnessed in key the commercial vehicle CNG cylinder segments. 
Weak CNG demand seen in the month of June, continued throughout the 
second quarter impacting our revenue. Lower revenues along with 
significant drop in contribution from higher margin CV CNG segment further 
impacted overall profitability during the quarter. 
 
 
Our consolidated basis revenue came in at Rs.339.7 crore in Q2 FY23. 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 35.9 crore with a margin at 10.6%. PAT stood at Rs. 
18.5 crore. And on a standalone basis, revenue from operations stood at Rs. 

 
Page 2 of 11 
 
195.7 crore in Q2 FY23. EBITDA stood at Rs. 24.4 crore with margins at 
12.4%. PAT stood at Rs. 15.3 crore. 
 
 
On consolidate basis, the CNG segment witnessed a drop of 46% on Q-o-Q 
basis. In our Industrial segment, we have reported a growth of 29% on Q-o-
Q basis, which aided overall performance during the quarter. Further, due to 
increase in sales of Jumbo cylinders, our U.S. subsidiary reported healthy 
growth during the quarter. 
 
 
On operation front, our second phase of brownfield expansion is now 
operational, increasing our total capacity by 1 lakh cylinders to about 1.1 
million cylinders per annum. In current demand environment, we are going 
slow on our greenfield expansion at Mundra. As we witness some positive 
leads for our customers, we will accelerate the investment and commission 
the initial phase of 2 lakh cylinders in FY24 itself.  
 
 
To conclude, as we have discussed over the years, the government is 
focused on its vision to increase the usage of gas in the energy mix of India, 
And on the back of the government policy, many private and public sector 
companies have made huge investments towards hard assets on the 
ground.  
 
Moreover, we have recently seen most leading automakers launching a wide 
range of CNG-powered vehicles in both PV and CV segments. So we believe 
that the current difficult phase in CNG is transitory in nature, and we hope to 
see the price gap between eco-friendly CNG and other polluting fuels widen 
sometime in the future. 
 
 
This will bring the end of consumers of CNG vehicles back into the market. 
Hence, even as the demand environment for CNG cylinders is anticipated to 
remain soft in the near term, we expect the demand to improve over the long 
term. In the interim, we have consolidated our leadership position in 
seamless cylinder industry through our strong balance sheet and well 
prepared for the opportunity in the future. 
 
 
This brings me to the end of my opening remarks and I would now request 
the moderator to open the forum for any questions or suggestions that you 
may have. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line Deepan Shankar from Trustline 
PMS. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
I wanted to understand this fall in volumes for us in this commercial vehicle 
CNG cylinders. So this is mainly due to debottlenecking by OEMs or do we 
expect some volume improvement in the coming quarter from these 
commercial vehicle cylinders? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Definitely, we expect some improvement in the situation, but I didn't 
understand the debottlenecking. What do you mean by that? 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So they already have some inventory at OEM and they don't want to take 
more volume from us. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, yes, of course. There must be an inventory pile-up at their end due to 
the situation suddenly coming up of these price increases and the demand 

 
Page 3 of 11 
 
shift, once they liquidate, there will be an opportunity again for them to start 
making these vehicles. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So when we talk about these intermediate commercial vehicle categories, 
what kind of tonnage vehicle do we supply cylinders to? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Say, from 1 ton to 5-ton, 9-ton,12 ton, 15 ton up to 40 tons. All the vehicle 
categories are there in this. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So how will the cylinder capacity per vehicle be more on a tonnage basis or 
what would be the cylinder capacity for the vehicle? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, you're right because you are consuming more CNG because the 
vehicle going higher will not have such a large capacity because it's a 1-
tonner. But a 15 or a 16-tonner will have much more cylinder capacity and 
more cylinders. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
 So, our profitability per ton kind of cylinder, so that will be more as the 
capacity increases? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Okay. So, in the larger ton capacity, we are seeing a higher decline. So that's 
the reason for our profitability coming down, right? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
And so how is the industry for these ICV vehicles? So that fall in volumes 
decline and our volume decline is in similar lines, or we have fallen more 
than these intermediate vehicle 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
So, the customer has decided to go for the diesel vehicle. So, instead of the 
CNG, which was the preferred fuel maybe six-eight months back. Because 
of the existing crisis that the world is going through, in Russia, gas prices 
have increased substantially. So, this is the reason, that the customer’s 
choosing diesel, to go in for as a better option today than CNG. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
We falling in line with the industry volume decline, or we are more than that? 
That's what I wanted to understand. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
No I think we are falling in line. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
And lastly from my side, so how are we linked. Our price margins are linked 
to steel cycle. So, we have seen when the steel cycle was on the peak, so 
we were making 25% plus kind of margin, and now the cycle has turned 
downward, so we are facing some kind of margin pressure.  
 
Puneet Khurana: 
When you are supplying to most of the OEMs, it is more the prices linked. 
The customer is always updating the steel prices. So, there is not really a 
kind of an advantage that we can keep when it comes to steel prices. So, 
we are always updating the prices to the OEMs so there is not much there. 
And since we have sold less to the OEM, that is the reason our margins have 
shrunk. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So generally, what is the time lag between we take up the price and give up 
the price for OEMs? 

 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
I think maybe every quarter it has to be revised, depending again, if the 
situation doesn't change, if the steel prices don't change and the process 
cost doesn't change and the dollar doesn't change, then we don't really need 
to visit the OEM again. 
 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset 
Managers. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
So sir, margins have fallen from almost 20% to 10% in the last two quarters. 
So, what is the reason for such a sharp decline? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
So it's mainly that the CNG business has declined substantially from our 
portfolio. So you can see the top line is also affected, and of course, the 
impact of the cost is larger because our volumes have been reduced. So, 
volumes have reduced, and your products which were fetching you a better 
margin have reduced. So, this has impacted. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay, so compared to Industrial, the CNG business has a much better 
margin. So that is the reason for the margin decline. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes.  
 
Anurag Patil: 
So, sir, when do see this recovery happening, next quarter or somewhere 
toward the end of this quarter? Any idea? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
It's very difficult to give a timeline on this when this will happen because this 
is like a global scenario that is happening. So it's very difficult to say when 
the gas prices will finally come down, and everything will normalize. This is 
very difficult to give you a specific timeline. But what I can tell you is that 
there is a bunch of customers who prefer CNG vehicles and there will be 
continuity in buying CNG vehicles.  
 
The only thing is that the volumes will come down, but there is an industry 
that has been created, infrastructure that has been created, and, that will 
continue to roll out vehicles of CNG. The only thing, the volumes that were 
there in the last year will only come back when there is a substantial 
advantage to the customer. CNG demand is not going to completely 
disappear, we will have sales every month, but the volumes that we were 
seeing can only happen when the situation in the gas prices internationally 
cools down. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay. So based on the current situation, Q3, shall we continue to see a 
decline in the revenues and volumes? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, it might be similar  
 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Sandeep Dixit with Arjav Partners. 
 
Sandeep Dixit: 
So my question is given that large part of the problems, the headwind that 
you faced is macro in nature, is there something that the Company or the 
Management can do to sort of at least dampen the impact?  
 
Puneet Khurana: 
So obviously what we are doing is we are focusing more on the industrial 
aspect, pushing the industrial business further so that we can continue to 
grow that, whenever CNG segment sees any movement happening, we try 

 
Page 5 of 11 
 
to push the product. We’re also very closely working with the OEM so that 
any opportunity comes up where they can make some vehicles we will be  
taking that opportunity. So there's a lot of work happening across to see that 
we push the product. We understand that this is happening, and so we are 
finding other ways of getting the sale up and pushing the product. 
 
Sandeep Dixit:  
 
So a couple of follow-up questions, if I may. The first is that in terms of the 
 
 
market penetration, is there something that we can look forward to improving  
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, see these are all continuous processes that we do and ours is a bit of 
a long-term business because when you're dealing with OEMs and other 
things, we will not be able to kind of cannot switch off so quickly. I mean, you 
cannot have a vehicle design and everything it's a little bit of a process. So 
whatever OEMs that we are working with, we continue to push them only. 
That is probably the best option in that we have right now. 
 
Sandeep Dixit: 
Got it. And in terms of the fixed cost, is there any possibility of sort of  
assuming for a moment that the macro stays as it is for the rest of the year. 
 
Sandeep Dixit: 
Can we expect an increment in margin from the fixed cost? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Right. So we are definitely taking lots of actions. We were also hoping that 
the situation improves, but now we realize that it is taking longer than we 
expect. So, we are taking a lot of actions at our end to reduce the costs and 
see how we can help the margins. 
 
Sandeep Dixit: 
Would you like to give us any guidance on margins or top lines or anything? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Very difficult to give you any guidance at this moment, there's a lot of work 
going on and the results will be there. There will definitely be some results. 
 
 
Moderator: 
We have next question from line of Nishith Shah with Aequitas Investments. 
 
Nishith Shah: 
Sir, I want to understand what is the mix of Industry and CNG in revenues 
right now on standalone basis? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
It's 50-50 
 
Nishith Shah: 
So sir, is the Industry side of the business also not doing well? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
No, no. Industry side of the business is doing well. CNG was 70% previously. 
Now, it has come down to 50%. CNG was dominating. 
 
Nishith Shah: 
Okay. And sir, how do we see execution in our international operations going 
forward? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
So international business, this quarter also U.S. has rebounded. They had a 
lot of inventory pile up because of COVID and a lot of order delays. So that’s 
actually one positive thing happened that they were able to double the 
EBITDA and double the sales. So that is one positive thing that's come out 
of the U.S. business. Dubai also, this quarter because of, again, some hold 
up on the order front, but now I think they're releasing the order. So again, 
the next quarter will be looking much better. 
 
Nishith Shah: 
So U.S., can we expect to contain these kind of revenues? 

 
Page 6 of 11 
 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, it should have better revenues. 
 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Karan Asli with Maximal Capital. 
 
Karan Asli: 
A few questions from me. Could you give us some idea on how the demand 
is from the Cascades segment? While I understand OEMs is under pressure, 
but I need traction on the Cascades front. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Cascade, it's because the overall effect of the vehicle population not 
increasing, due to gas price. The gas companies have also slowed down 
their projects on further infrastructure. Obviously, there are some orders in 
the pipeline, which are being executed as we speak, but they have slowed 
down the offtake of the major projects that were going on. 
 
Karan Asli: 
Sure. But would you expect that to take off quicker? Because I understand 
they’ve slowed down, but there is still some activity  
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, as the scenario turns around, as they see some hope, then this will be 
the first thing that will take off again. 
 
Karan Asli: 
Sure, sure, sure. Exactly. And how do we see the retrofitting market doing 
versus OEMs. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
No, over past two-three years retrofitting market is almost finished, we 
anyway wanted to focus our entire business on OEMs. 
 
Karan Asli: 
Any particular reason why? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Because we knew that the retrofitting market is not going to be a very long-
term play and that's happened, so retrofitting market is because the new 
regulations have come, so it's become more of Euro VI vehicles’ conversions 
have become more complicated. So, I think it's come to a standstill, the 
aftermarket. 
 
Karan Asli: 
Okay, understood. And any thoughts on the competitive scenarios in some 
of the markets? I think we have about 11 lakhs of capacity. Yes, yes, yes, 
yes. What would this be in terms of market share, either in capacity or 
production terms? And how do you see this competitive scenario sort of 
shaping up going forward? Do you see consolidation happening since the 
market is in quite a tough space right now? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Could happen It's a possibility that people will see what to do. It might 
happen. 
 
Karan Asli: 
Okay. But at this time, maybe over the past few quarters when things have 
been slightly rough. Have you seen any change in this matter? Has it 
increased and increased? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
I think situation is getting a little better than the previous quarters. We can 
see some hope there. 
 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of the Deepan Shankar from Trustline 
PMS. 
 

 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Sir, what is a margins difference we have for this CNG CV cylinder versus 
PV cylinder? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
I might not be able to give you such this kind of answer. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Even broad sense could be helpful. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
I think CV will be higher. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Yes. That we understood, but what kind of higher is what we want to know. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
I don't think we'll be able to give you that kind of information. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
It'll be 2 times of PV? That we can assume in terms of margins could be? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
You're talking about margin? 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Yes. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
No. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Are realization 2 times of PV kind of realization? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
PV has only one cylinder and CV might have three - four. So we're not 
comparing apple to apple, kind of product is different also. So, margins also 
will be different . PV uses more of a kind of a basic standard product. So, it's  
very different to kind of put in, say, the margin what will be the margin 
difference. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Okay. So we are trying to get a sense, like even if this CV doesn’t pick up 
and we make up the similar volumes to cylinders, so will our margins improve 
to 18% 20% levels? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
No, no, definitely margins will improve. If that situation happens, definitely 
margins will improve. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So 18% 20% achievable with the PVs, if we achieve full utilization?,  
 
Puneet Khurana: 
I can’t give you an exact number on that, but definitely there will be, because 
again, higher value added products, better margin. Yes there will be a 
change. If PV business occupies most of the capacity, you will see. Again, 
the fixed costs get absorbed now, what's happening is the fixed costs are 
now getting absorbed to certain extent because of these sudden decline. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
And PV margin should be definitely higher than industrial margins, right? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So what is the current utilization for this quarter? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
60% 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Okay. So, do we expect Q3 to stand at this current utilization rate or volumes 
or are we expecting a further drop in Q3 and Q4? 
 

 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
It can be in the similar lines, because nothing has changed from last quarter. 
I mean, there's no real change. I mean, we can all see that the gas prices  
nothing has changed. The global situation continues to be the same. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So if CV side, if things remain same, and so we try to improve on in industrial 
cylinders and passenger vehicles, so by when we can again, get back to 
90% 100% utilization, in how many quarters? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
It very difficult for me to give you any time specific timeline that when this will 
come back. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Because we could see that PV, the CNG space is growing at a good pace. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
We are communicating on a regular basis, we'll definitely informed if any 
such there are changes, we'll definitely communicate to everybody that this 
is happening. Once the order book and things start getting more and more 
clear, we’ll indicate it. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Okay. So current quarter UAE business margins has turned negative. So 
any specific reason for that? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
I think the, hold up. Dubai had a lot of inventory hold up because of some 
orders that were supposed to be executed did not get executed. So now I 
think this quarter, I think it'll normalize. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Okay. So it'll be back to that Q1 kind of margin? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
And the U.S. business has been growing well, but U.S. margin seems to be 
quite low. So will we see some improvement in the margins of U.S business? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, I think it should it should improve. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
It's currently around 5%- 5.5%, even in India level, currently we are at 10% 
EBIT levels. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So, it can go up to 10% level? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
I don't know about 10% level, but there will be improvement. 
 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Prakash, an Individual Investor. 
 
Prakash: 
Keep the chin up and I think the numbers will also start looking better. I think 
one thing that I had always thought about EKC was that at some point of 
time, the margins should start to get rationalized.  
 
Given the kind of business that it is, it's not possible to sustain those kind of 
margins, I would think. It's not a rocket science business, as I want to put it. 
So, I think from an investor point of view, like I'm not too much worried about 
the margins coming down because they should expectedly come down. I 
think the more important thing is that the alignment of expectations is more 
important between the company and the investors. So just because you had 

 
Page 9 of 11 
 
one year as an outstanding year doesn't mean that every year will be an 
outstanding year. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes. 
 
Prakash: 
However, like in a previous couple of investor calls, some people had raised 
this concern as to why your presence is not there in the PV segment. And I 
think that suggestion from the investor would be kind of hitting you hard at 
this point of time as you kind of try to spread and go beyond the commercial 
vehicle segment, and you would adhere to it. 
 
 
I wanted to ask specifically about the Egypt expansion that you plan. Two 
things I wanted to ask. What is your current capacity utilization? What's 
happening to the capacity expansion that you are doing in India? What is 
expansion you had planned in Egypt and in Hungary. Are they on hold, how 
are things looking up on those, those lines? 
 
 
And one suggestion that I wanted to make was that like of course, the 
answers to those questions are straightforward, and I'm sure you'll say 
something nice and good about it, but the more important material 
suggestion that I wanted to make is that see, the numbers of EKC have come 
down, or they're not in the outstanding range because of reasons beyond 
your control. These are macro headwinds. You never knew that there would 
be a crisis and the gas prices would start going up in a manner so, these are 
reasons beyond your control. There's not much you can do about it except 
do more marketing, have better, tighter cost controls and do what you need 
to do as a Management, which I'm sure you must be doing.  
 
 
But just for the investor market confidence point of view, I don't know what 
is the present status of the promoter role into the company. So it may be a 
good idea because you have cash on the balance sheet. If that debt can be 
retired, and you could probably do some creeping acquisitions from the 
market, which will instill the confidence. I mean, arrest the erosion of value 
that is happening. Like, EKC stocks have had some legacy issues. There 
have been conversations about the stock prices in the market. We saw the 
stock go up, inch up to INR300, close to INR300, and it has come down to 
INR100. I think actions like that from the Management will really instill good 
amount of confidence in the investor community. I'm sure this tide will ebb 
away and things will start looking up again. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
No, it's a good suggestion. We’ll discuss it and then see what can be done 
about this. 
 
Prakash: 
See, my thought over here is that frankly, I find EKC to be a very good 
investment even at this point of time. Like, I don't think EV is going to be the 
solution for India, because even with the cut on carbon footprint it will make 
not much sense. So gas and CNG and those things are here, it’s just that 
the headwinds need to pass off. And with the war with Ukraine, I mean, I 
don't think the world is coming to an end. 
 
 
So, at INR 100 where the stock is currently priced at, I think PE of the stock 
is close to INR 5, like probably less than INR 5. It's a decent business, it's a 
well-balanced business, your intent has been nice, you have been retiring 
debts of all kind, you have realized all the revenues all the exceptional items 
that you have projected over a period of time. Everything is nice and good. 
 

 
Page 10 of 11 
 
 
So, so like, and one Management suggestion which I can make is that you 
should not be spreading too thin. Like just going into new geographies, Egypt 
Hungary, and then you're kind of rolling back, so on and so forth. I mean, 
that’s a suggestion which I can make from the outside. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Fair enough. 
 
Prakash: 
Of course, you'll be taking yes, I mean, so I think at this point of time, to 
contract the impact of erosion or value on the stock because of macro 
reasons beyond your control, I think it's maybe a good idea for the 
Management to take some actions which sends right signals to the market. 
And in the context of that, also start to kind of align the expectations of the 
investor community who have invested into EKC. Like, it's not fair for the 
investors to keep expecting from the Management, to keep delivering 
quarter on quarter outstanding outcomes. Like that's so that's, that's what I 
wanted to kind of say. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We have next question from Prakash Individual Investor. 
 
Analyst: 
Yes, my question was not answered by Puneet. What's happening in Egypt 
and Hungary. And the expansion in India. 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, so the expansion, we've already completed the brownfield, whatever 
was planned. All the brownfield has been completed in India. And in Egypt, 
we should get more clarity in the coming quarter about what's the progress 
on this because there are a lot of processes that we need to go through 
before we finally make the investment into Egypt. So it's still in the process 
documentation phase. So, there is not really an investment that gone in as 
if yet. 
 
 
And Hungary, as it is, we had kept it on hold after this Russia crisis. So I 
think that is still on hold only that, I don't know whether this, when this crisis 
ends and what will be the situation of Europe. I cannot commend right now 
on anything on that project. 
 
Prakash: 
What is the amount of resources that we have committed into these -- 
particularly these two explorations, investible explorations? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
It’s only Egypt where we project team that sits in Dubai and kind of monitors 
the progress and kind of works on very initial stages right now. So, there's 
not a big deployment. Egypt, being a joint venture, so we have the partner 
whose also kind of supporting in all the documentation and other process 
before we get into serious commitment of funds. 
 
Analyst: 
So, no serious of resource in those geographies? 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
No, not at this moment, no. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you ladies. Gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question and 
answer session, and I'd like to hand the conference back over to the 
Management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Thank you, once again, for your interest and support. Should you need any 
further clarification or would like to know more about the company, please 
feel free to contact our investor relation team. Thank you. 

 
Page 11 of 11 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
 
 
 
