 
 
 
 
 
 
Corp. Off.: Galaxy, Floors: 22-24, Plot No.1, Survey No.83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, Raidurg Panmaktha, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad – 500 032, Telangana, India.  
Tel : +91 40 6672 5000 / 6672 1200 Fax: +91 40 6707 4044. 
 
Regd. off.: Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038 T.S., INDIA  Tel: +91 40 2373 6370/ 2374 7340 Fax: +91 40 2374 1080 / 2374 6833 
Email: info@aurobindo.com     Website: www.aurobindo.com  
 
November 18, 2022 
To 
Listing Department, 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI -400 051 
 
Company Code No. AUROPHARMA 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroz  Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI -400 001 
 
Company Code No. 524804 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Q2FY23 earnings call. 
 
Please refer to our letter dated November 8, 2022 wherein we intimated about the schedule of Investors/ 
Analysts call on November 14, 2022. We are attaching herewith the Transcript of the said analyst / investor 
call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the second quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2022 and the same is being uploaded on the website of the Company and is available in the 
following web link. 
 
https://www.aurobindo.com/investors/disclosures-under-regulation-46/investor-meet/conference-call-
transcripts/ 
 
Please take the information on record.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
B. Adi Reddy  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above. 
 
ADIREDDY 
BADDIGAM
Digitally signed by ADIREDDY 
BADDIGAM 
Date: 2022.11.18 16:11:45 +05'30'

 
 
“Aurobindo Pharma Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati – CEO of Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines and 
Peptides businesses 
 
Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala - CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialties Limited 
 
Mr. Sanjeev Dani – COO & Head Formulations, Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. S. Subramanian - Chief Financial Officer, Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. Swami Iyer - CEO, Aurobindo Pharma USA 
 
Ms. Deepti Thakur: - Corporate Communication & Investor Relations, 
Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: Hello and good morning. Welcome to Aurobindo Pharma Q2 FY23 Earnings Call. 
Please note that all participants line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Deepti Thakur for the opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you. 
 
Deepti Thakur: Thank you, Aditya. Good morning and a warm welcome to our Second Quarter 
FY23 Earnings Call. I am Deepti Thakur from the Investor Relations team. 
 
I would like to introduce my senior management team today on the call with us, represented 
by Dr. Satakarni Makkapati – CEO of Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines and Peptide Businesses, 
Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala - CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialties Limited, Mr. Sanjeev Dani, CEO, 
Head Formulations, Aurobindo Pharma Limited, Mr. S Subramanian – CFO and Mr. Swami Iyer 
- CEO, Aurobindo Pharma, USA. 
 
We will begin the call with summary highlights from the management followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. Please note that some of the matters we will discuss today are 
forward-looking, including and without limitations, statements relating to the 
implementation of strategic actions and other affirmations on our future business, business 
development and commercial performance. While these forward-looking statements 
exemplify our judgment and future expectations concerning the development of our business 
a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors may cause actual developments 
and results to vary materially from our expectations. Aurobindo Pharma undertakes no 
obligations to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect in future events or 
circumstances. 
 
With that, I will hand over the call to Mr. S Subramanian for the highlights. Over to you Sir.  
 
S. Subramanian: Good morning, everyone. We are here to discuss the results for the Second 
Quarter of the Fiscal Year FY23 declared by the company. For Q2 FY23, the company 
registered a revenue of Rs. 5,739 crores; a decrease of 3.4% over last year. The EBITDA before 
Forex and other income was Rs. 836.9 crores. EBITDA margin for the quarter was 14.6%. The 
Net Profit decreased and for the quarter stood at Rs. 409.4 crores. 
 
In terms of the business breakdown, formulation business in Q2 FY23 witnessed sales of Rs. 
4,770 crores and contributed around 83.1% of the total revenue. API business contributed 
around 16.9% and clocked a revenue of Rs. 969.4 crores for the year. 
 
For the quarter, revenue from US Market declined by 11% year-on-year to Rs. 2,637.6 crores. 
We have received final approval for nine ANDAs and launched six products in the quarter 
under review. We have filed 14 ANDAs including two injectables during the quarter. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Revenue for Aurobindo Pharma USA, the company making the overall products in the US has 
decreased by 19% year-on-year for the quarter in US Dollar terms. Revenue for Eugia US, 
formally known as Auro Medics, the Injectable business decreased by 27.6% year-on-year to 
$49 million for the quarter. 
 
The company as on 30th September’2022 has filed 756 ANDAs and on cumulative basis of 
which 527 has the final approval and 36 having a tentative approval including 8 ANDAs which 
are tentatively approved under PEPFAR and the balance 193 ANDAs under review. 
 
For the quarter, the European formulation clocked to Rs. 1,516.2 crores; a decrease of 8.8% 
year-on-year mainly due to Euro currency depreciation. On base currency business, the 
revenue was Euro 189 million against Euro 191 million on year-on-year basis. 
 
For the quarter, the Growth Market witnessed a growth of 17% year-on-year to Rs. 451.9 
crores. The quarter performance was led by strong growth in Canada. Also, this includes 
domestic Indian sales of Rs. 65 crores 
 
For the quarter, ARV Business stood at Rs. 164.3 crores; a growth of 13.3% year-on-year. 
 
R&D expenditure is at Rs. 276 crores during the quarter which is 4.8% of the revenue. 
 
Net Organic CapEx during the quarter is ~$82 million.  
 
The average forex rate was Rs.79.6123 in September’22 and Rs.76.9795 in June’22. 
 
Net Cash including investment at the end of September’22 was $337 million. 
The average finance cost is 1.9% mainly due to availing multiple currency growth. 
 
The business generated a free cashflow before CapEx and other items of $82 million during 
this quarter. This was spent towards CapEx including $31 million for PLI Penicillin G Project. 
With this, so far, the investment in PLI Penicillin G Project around $63 million against the 
budget of $235 million dollars. 
 
This is all from our end and we are very happy to take your questions now. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the Question-and-Answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may use the raise hand from the ‘Participants’ tab on 
your screen. Participants are requested to use headphone or earphone while asking a 
question. 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
 
First question is from Mr. Damayanti. 
 
Damayanti: Hi, Good morning. I hope I am audible. 
 
Moderator: Yes. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
S. Subramanian: Yes. 
 
Damayanti:  Okay, thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the 
US Business. So, what has happened like this quarter was obviously much lower than what 
we have seen in the previous quarter? And, especially, if you can comment on the EUGIA’s 
performance and how do we sales moving in coming quarters? And my second question will 
be, do you maintain your guidance for global generic injectable sales what you have provided 
earlier $650-700 million by FY24? 
 
S. Subramanian: Swami. 
 
Swami Iyer: First you would want to take Injectables? 
 
Damayanti: No Sir, first please comment on the US like what has happened and how do we 
see things moving. 
 
Swami Iyer: Yes, okay. So, thank you, Damayanti for the question. Now, there are two 
components to this, obviously, the Oral Solids and the Injectables. I will talk about Oral Solids. 
We have seen lot of competition and then this led to price erosion during the quarter and 
shelf-stock adjustment. So, we also saw some drop in volume or demand for certain key 
products which could be seasonal because we don't think this is long-term. This is the main 
reason for the shortfall in the revenue for the quarter. 
 
Damyanti: Okay. So, that's under Oral Solids portfolio specific or same is true for Injectables 
Business also? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: I will comment on this, Damayanti. I think, you asked two questions. One 
is on quarter performance for the Injectables. Let me put is as speciality, overall speciality 
business and the future guidance. Let me address both of the things. Number one, yes, Q2 is 
a bad quarter and in fact we have seen 2-3 effects. Number one, we have seen volume drop 
to the tune of around 20% and also, we have seen price erosion but that is in single digits. But 
we also had to take some shelf-stock adjustments on Vasopressin, from Q1 to Q2. That has 
decreased the revenue. But, in general, we don't see this as trend going forward but this is 
one-off quarter that’s what we feel.  
 
Damayanti: Okay. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: It should come back to the normal run rate. Number two, going forward 
our future guidance, going by the current events what's happening is we are still observing 
what's going on in terms of the elective surgeries and everything, hospitals are full and what 
we are seeing is there's a significant volume drop not only for us in Q1 and Q2, we have seen 
that for multiple competitors. So, probably, it has to do with some inventory adjustment and 
it should come back. But our guidance, based on current events, we feel it might get delayed 
by a year unless something substantial and some upside happens. But going by the current 
events we feel like it might go into FY25. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Damayanti: Okay, Sir. I think that’s very helpful. And, my last question is, if you can update 
on the Vizag Plant in terms of where the plant is currently standing, whether it started supply 
etc. Yes. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: No, in fact the construction is complete and we are doing the line 
qualifications and as I mentioned in the last quarter we will be taking exhibit batches in this 
year and we will start filing in H1 of FY24 and we still are confident that by end of FY24 it 
should start generating some revenues. We will be filing it for all markets – US, Europe and 
Emerging Markets from this plant. The plant construction is complete and lines are under 
qualification right now. 
 
Damayanti: Okay, Thank you very much for your answers. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Alankar.  
 
Alankar: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Sir, my first question is on the recent promoter 
development. Given that Mr. Sarath has been relived from his executive responsibilities can 
you, please, explain what were his exact roles and responsibilities in the first place and who 
will be taking charge of his responsibilities? 
 
S. Subramanian: Yes, Mr. Sarath has been looking after the Information Technology,  
Engineering purchases as well as the logistics. So, that has been allocated between the whole-
time directors and that will be continued. 
 
Alankar: And, Sir, any particular reason for retaining him as a Director considering that his 
ability to discharge those responsibilities as well would be limited now? 
 
S. Subramanian: No, he's not going to be an Executive Director. So, he will continue to be 
Director on the Board as  Promoter-Director. 
 
Alankar: Alright, okay. And maybe one other question on this front, Sir, any other member 
from the promoter family who is involved in some of the non-Aurobindo businesses wherein 
Mr. Sarath was involved because we have been getting those questions from investors? Any 
clarity on this would be really helpful, Sir. 
 
S. Subramanian: See, let's me put it like this - the matter is under sub judice. We don't want 
to talk about this matter and to the best of my knowledge no other Directors are involved in 
that business. 
 
Alankar: Alright, Sir. And my second question is, given that shareholder wealth creation has 
been an issue for the last 5-6 years now, how are we thinking about this as well as capital 
allocation? Now considering that we have been generating good cash for the last few years, 
is the Board incrementally open to buybacks? 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
S. Subramanian: So, let me put it like this. See, as on date we are having around $337 million 
Net Cash and if you really see we have embarked on couple of projects which are very 
important both from the company point of view as well as from the nation point of view 
especially the Pen-G Project which involves a capital outlay of around  Rs. 2,000 crores, right. 
Probably, we are thinking of ‘Can we be able to accelerate that?’. So, at this stage probably 
unless some clarity comes on that and we move forward, this issue relating to the capital 
allocation like buyback etc. will not be taken up. 
 
Alankar: Understood, Subbu Sir. That’s all from my side. Thank you. 
 
S. Subramanian: Probably, maybe in another 6 months we will get some better clarity on the 
Pen-G project. 
 
Alankar: Understood, Sir. That’s all. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Neha Manpuria.  
 
Neha Manpuria: Thanks for taking my question. Sir, when you say clarity on the Pen-G Project, 
I mean Rs. 235 million is already earmarked for that, right. So, do you mean additional CapEx 
on the Pen-G Project over and above what is year marked? 
 
S. Subramanian: $235 million is the budget based on the current currency exchange rates etc. 
and what we mean is we have not taken any bank loan etc. as on date. So, what we are saying 
is if we are able to accelerate probably the $337 million Net Cash we are carrying in the books 
will come down. Going forward in the next two quarters, the major outflow will happen and 
based on that outflow and what is the new cash generation etc. will be known. We also 
committed, if you have really seen, we are going to put additional Biosimilar plant ~Rs. 300 
crores apart from other projects. So, keeping in mind various projects it will be deferred and 
will be reviewed only in the May Board Meeting in my view. 
 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. So, basically, any additional buyback or dividend etc. will be 
considered only in the May Board Meeting? 
 
S. Subramanian: I am not saying it will be considered. It will not be taken till the time. 
 
Neha Manpuria: Alright, understood. Thank you so much. Sir, on the US Business given there 
was a fair bit of shelf stock adjustment in both the Oral Solid and Injectable business would it 
be possible to quantify that number for the entire US Business? I know you can't mention 
product-specific, hence I am asking. Just wanted to understand, you know, how much of the 
impact that we have seen quarter on quarter is actually one-off and what is the new base for 
the US Business. 
 
Swami Iyer: So, first let me take the Oral Solids. After that, Yugandhar can talk about the 
Injectables. So, the Oral Solids shelf stock adjustment has been pretty normal the way it 
happens. Only thing is, since we had the price erosion which was little higher, so the shelf 
stock adjustment would be proportionately higher otherwise I would think that there's no 
abnormal increase in shelf stock as far as the Oral Solids are concerned.  

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala Yes, I think, it is the same, it is one-off product which we had to take the 
shelf stock adjustment. It is not a general phenomenon and, as I said, it is driven by the 3 
factors. One, is the volume drop and which we feel with the way things are going and all the 
business back to normal in all the hospitals, we feel the volume should go up going forward. 
Two, is related to the price decline what we have seen in single digit and third is, on-off shelf 
stock sdjustment. Mainly, I can say that it is on Vasopressin. So we had to take that. That’s 
why I said this quarter is bad, but we are very positive going forward. 
 
Neha Manpuria: Sir, you know, sorry to harp about this but in that case is it fair to assume 
that the $330 million that we have reported this quarter becomes the base for the US 
Business? And I am just trying to understand our ability to regain the volume that we have 
lost, is this Market Share loss both in the Oral Solid and the Injectable business? Or, you know, 
how much of it is actually something that we can get back in the subsequent quarters? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Like as I said, number one is, we haven't lost market share. We have seen 
a significant volume drop across various categories. It has nothing to do with the market share 
loss. We haven't lost the market share. What we are seeing is a general lesser offtake in this 
quarter both in Oral Solids as well as Injectable and which has nothing to do with the market 
share loss. That’s why we feel it will come back. 
 
Neha Manpuria: Understood, okay. And my second question is, you know, on the Injectable 
you mentioned that the speciality guidance has been delayed by a year but in terms of a more 
one year outlook, do you see Injectable momentum…Now, you know, we have not even gone 
back to pre-COVID levels, so how confident are we of our pipeline coming through to go back 
to the $70 million run rate that we were doing pre-COVID? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala Yes, number one is from a perspective of future outlook, we have been 
launching significant number of products and I expect to launch roughly around 20 odd 
products in this financial year and we are filing 20 odd products every year. So, from a pipeline 
point of view we have been very robust and substantial in terms of the filings. Number two 
is, we are expecting some limited competition product approvals hopefully starting from next 
week and I am sure that that should give us a significant impact going forward. Third is,  as 
you know, like we do have a settlement on Lenalidomide and that will give us the impetus 
which is required for us to go towards FY25 and our delayed guidance because some of the 
upsides what I thought would pan out didn't pan out the way they were supposed to. That’s 
why I am just saying that it might get delayed by a year. 
 
Neha Manpuria: Understood, Sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may raise your hand from the 
‘Participants’ tab on your screen. Next question is from Surya Patra. Yes, Mr. Surya, you can 
unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Surya Patra: Yes, okay. Thank you for this opportunity, Sir.  when you said about across board 
volume decline in the US Is it an industry wide phenomena sir? 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Swami Iyer: So, I will say this from Oral Solids side. We cater to certain portfolio of products. 
Among the top 20 products that we have seen for overall product decline, we have seen some 
decline there. I don’t want to comment on industry, but we are talking about the products 
that we are dealing with.  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Surya, it is similar because we don’t want to comment on the overall 
industry but what we are seeing is, the category of products what we are dealing with. I have 
seen a decline in volumes, it is general. It can be one-off here, and there might be some 
market share loss, but mainly driven by at this juncture our guess is, it is lower op rate and 
probably related to inventory adjustments at wholesalers and distributors. But the way things 
are going we feel that the volumes will come back. 
 
Surya Patra: Ok. Sir, my 2nd question is on the branded oncology business. So, trend wise what 
we are witnessing is, there is a gradual drag although it is not very significant from the time 
of acquisition. So, this portfolio, how should we think going ahead? Whether our specialty 
product will be complementing this one or we will continue to see a kind of a drag till 
sometime when our specialty will probably start contributing beyond FY 24 or so? 
 
Swami Iyer: Yes, thank you. I will take that question. We are talking about the oncology 
branded product. Correct? 
 
Surya Patra: Ya. 
 
Swami Iyer: So, the oncology branded product has been steady, that’s what I would say and 
it continues to be steady. We have been looking for businesses development opportunities 
outside and we have been successful in tying up with a few of them and we expect some of 
these products to start generating business sometime in late FY24 and early FY25. I would 
say. For FY25, we expect some business to be generated in other products. We are very 
optimistic about the branded products. We have few other things which are under 
development. So, we feel very optimistic about it. 
 
Surya Patra: Ok. Regards the US injectable plant and its piling momentum sir, can you update 
us, what is the status there? And also, if you can provide some update about your speciality 
project, let’s say biosimilar, vaccines, like that. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: I think I will just talk about the US plant and I will ask my colleague 
Satakarni to talk on the Biologics part. US plant you know, we have completed the project and 
we have already done exhibit batches and we expect to start filing from Q1 of next financial 
year and we have a pipeline of 20 odd products which we have identified. Every quarter, our 
target is, we want to do 3 products and the 1st product we will start filing from May’23 and 
after that it will keep going on. That’s on the US plant. So, both Vizag plant and US plant, the 
timelines will be similar in terms of filing products. Satakarni, would you like to comment on 
biologics? 
 
 
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Satakarni Makkapati:   
Yes, thanks Yugandhar. Thanks for the question on biosimilars. I would answer your question 
in 2 parts. One for the biosimilars and one for the vaccine. The 3 biosimilars in phase 3 efficacy 
trials are progressing as desired. If you remember my last update, I had talked about the 
oncology biosimilar and the large trial that we have been doing in metastatic breast cancer 
patients even during the covid headwinds period. Now, I am pleased to inform that we have 
completed randomization of all 690 metastatic breast cancer subjects in our phase 3 efficacy 
trial comparing CuraTeQ’s version of biosimilar to the innovator’s product. We plan to unblind 
the clinical trial data starting end Q3 this financial year, with a series of filings to begin from 
Q1/Q2 in the next fiscal year, starting with India and Emerging Markets before June 2023 and 
the big filings of EMA, which we expect to close by August or September 2023, and FDA filing 
by October or November 2023. So, that’s a big filing that we are looking at in the next year. 
 
The other two biosimilars in phase 3 clinical trials are also progressing really well. What is 
important to note is also that from earlier oncology therapeutic segment focus, we are now 
also advancing our immunology pipeline. One of our immunology products which we think, 
we are one of the first 3 or 4 to be filing in FY24 or FY25 is now closing on its phase 1 trial in 
Australia and New Zealand. This is a product which serves both respiratory as well as in 
dermatology segments. The dermatology segment is very important to our portfolio of 
products for Aurobindo’s (portfolio) differentiation. We will be entering into phase 3 first 
patient injection milestone by Q4 of this fiscal year for this immunology program. This is a 
large trial which will be carried out in around 13 countries and in 85 sites. We are excited 
about the prospects that we will be able to close this trial somewhere by Q1 of FY24 and 
initiate the filing process in Europe and US. So, that’s (the update) about biosimilars. 
 
With respect to the vaccines question, in the area of vaccines, I am also happy to inform that 
our PCV-15 vaccine comprising of the 15 serotypes conjugated to carrier protein CRM 197 
had shown to be immunogenic and generated the functional antibodies for all vaccines 
serotypes, in the 3+0 trial that we conducted in paediatric population. 13 serotypes that we 
were evaluating vs. Pfizer’s Prevnar 13 showed similar or slightly higher immune response 
and the clinical end points have been met. The two other serotypes which we additionally 
have other than those in Prevnar 13 have also shown non-inferiority.  We have submitted this 
filing last week for a (Market Authorization) approval to the Indian regulator. I expect the 
regulatory process for approval to unfold in the next 2-4 months’ time. Meanwhile, as part of 
the regulatory requirement and as part of our aspirations to make it a WHO program, we have 
also initiated on this 7th October, a 2+1 regimen paediatric trial in India. At this time, I think 
we are well on track to get this product approved in India followed by our continued impetus 
to make this product better and increase the safety database by conducting an additional 2+1 
trial and building on another trial for the WHO marketsand we believe that we will have a 
WHO filing in 2024. We will provide a guidance on this product as the regulatory queuing 
procedure (unfolds) in accordance with the Indian regulator. Probably in the next earnings 
call, I will be able to provide you good news on this product. 
 
The other early-stage vaccine programs are progressing as expected. I hope I have answered 
your question. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Surya Patra: So, sir, is it fair to believe that the contribution of this speciality project from the 
advanced market is likely in let’s say FY26 or so? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Can you elaborate your question a bit more?  
 
Surya Patra: From the advanced market let’s say Europe and US, that is the target market if 
you consider, then those are like the incremental business from those advanced markets from 
these specialty products is likely in FY26 or FY27 or beyond 25, FY25. Is it so? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati:  
So, in the area of biosimilars, we are expecting a product approval next year with the filings 
that we have in Europe. So, we expect the revenues to kick in sometime in Q3 or Q4 of the 
next year. So That’s when we will see the commercialization to begin for biosimilars in certain 
regulated markets. With the ongoing clinical trials, the three large antibody clinical trials that 
we are doing globally, (FY24 end or) FY25 is a fair assessment for the revenues to kick in 
because the regulatory process takes anywhere between 9-15 months in Europe and US (after 
filing). 
 
Surya Patra: Ok. Just one last question from my side. So here, about the European market 
and in general about the margin profile of the consolidated operations, so obviously generally 
the cost pressure what we are witnessing, it is common for all the markets and our key market 
which is a key earning contributor that US is facing is obviously the pricing pressure as well as 
the cost pressure. So same should be there even in the European market I believe should have 
pressurized the overall margin. So here, if you can share some idea about what is the current 
situation and the current challenges that you are facing in the European markets and how 
long that can have similar kind of impact on the overall margin profile. And having kind of 
seen a correction in the gross margin level from last year for the consolidated operation, how 
should one really build in the gross margin scenario for Aurobindo going ahead for this year 
and say next year? 
 
Sanjeev Dani: So, on the European business I will answer, and CFO will answer on the overall 
for Aurobindo. During the quarter, we have not seen a margin compression. In fact, our 
margins have strengthened because of the various opportunities which were thrown up 
because of the supply chain disruption in Europe with other competitors. So, if you really see, 
our business or top line has been rock steady at about 190 million in Euro terms and we 
discontinued two loss making country’s business in the first 6 months. So actually, if you 
discount for the last year’s base of these 2 companies, we have grown by 3% in the top line 
and our EBITDA has strengthened actually to 13% to net sales. I do agree that there is a 
pressure on gross margin and also maybe expenses, but we are better positioned versus 
competition. 
 
Surya Patra: Sure sir. 
 
S. Subramanian: Surya, as Sanjeev said, if you really recollect, last year we have been telling 
about the low teens and the position has slightly improved and going forward with the Euro 
appreciating, (hopefully it will get appreciated), I think we can see some improvements only. 
In terms of the overall company, the percentage of the overall European business remains at 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
around 26% and continues to remain in the same position. So overall if you really see the 
Company as a whole, the gross margin and   EBITDA margins will  slightly improve based on 
the performance of the European business. 
 
Surya Patra: Ok, yes sir. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
 
S. Subramanian: But it may not be very significant, in bps, around 10-20-30 bps, like that it 
can start to move up. 
 
Surya Patra: But next year should be different sir. 
 
S. Subramanian: See at this stage, we would not want to comment on the European 
business.  
 
Surya Patra: Generally for the consolidated operations. 
 
S. Subramanian: For Consolidated operations, quite a significant manufacturing has been 
started in India if you recollect in the last 3-4yrs, they have really taken around, if I am right 
Sanjeev can confirm, we have already moved around 50% of the products to India.  
 
Sanjeev Dani: Ya, it is about 55% 
 
S. Subramanian: Ya, 55% cost effective manner and this process is being continued. Sanjeev, 
would you like to talk about European business, injectable moving to Europe, biosimilars 
etc. Do you want to elaborate? 
 
Sanjeev Dani: Ya, actually going forward, we have seen that our business has been growing 
double the market growth rate. So, we expect 5-7% growth to continue. Secondly, we are 
developing more than 200 products which includes injectables, biosimilars but mainly 
broadening the product portfolio of Oral Solid also. So, over the next 2yrs, we will be 
launching these products. So, we see that there are a lot of opportunities which are coming 
up because of competition, we are not able to maintain the steady stocks in the market. 
 
Surya Patra: Ok, Ya. Sure sir. Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
 
Kunal Damesha: Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity.  First on the Pen-G project 
where we are planning to invest $235 million dollars. Can you provide colour on what are 
the major parts to that $235 million dollar including let’s say equipment, the outer infra, the 
land cost etc. 
 
S. Subramanian: The overall project of $235 million, the major will be, we are planning to 
put a de-salination plant, the fermentation process, power blocks, etc. like multiple sub-
projects are being done and those purchase orders have been issued and work is being done 
by the respective suppliers etc. The material is expected to receive in this quarter and the 
next quarter. Significant portions of the buildings and blocks have been done. So, we believe 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
by next September or October, the installation should be over. After that, the trial or the 
pilot batches will take place starting October next year onwards. So, our target is to 
complete the projects by March’24 and it’s our endeavour to advance it. 
 
Kunal Damesha: Ok. And the capacity of production – how much will be the production 
capacity? 
 
S. Subramanian: The production capacity will be around 15,000 Metric Tonnes. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: 15,000 Metric Tonnes. Ok. Sure. Coming to the R&D expense which 
seems to be kind of guided between 5-6% of the revenue and this quarter its 4.8%. Do we 
expect it to go up given that we now have phase 3 trial for biosimilar running or would you 
say that the majority of cost for those phase 3 trials are already on and you would see 
similar run rate? 
 
S. Subramanian: Kunal, you are absolutely right. Coming quarter I think, December quarter 
and the March quarter, some of the phase 3 trials are being conducted as Satakarni 
explained very clearly. So, we expect the overall percentage to go up and probably it may go 
up to 6% level. This quarter is 5% because of the timing of the expenditures and other things 
but certainly we are looking at 6%. 
 
Kunal Damesha: Sure. One follow up on the profitability of the biosimilar business specially 
in Europe where the price erosion seems very strong. So, what are your views? Currently we 
are doing low double digits in the Europe. Once the biosimilar business comes in, could that 
have a material delta or how should we think about it? 
 
Sanjeev Dani: Yes, Europe business, even without this specialty products will strengthen the 
EBITDA margin that is what our endeavours are with the launch of more new products. But 
biosimilar, oncology and injectable will definitely help to improve the margins. However, it 
depends on the expectations, but we think that it should reach beyond 15% In the coming 
quarters. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: And the last one on the biosimilar, we have said again, we are investing 
another Rs. 300 crore, what kind of bioreactor capacity we are looking at with that 
investment? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati:  So, Kunal we are looking at about (multiple) 15KL manufacturing 
bioreactor (capacity) that probably makes it the largest monoclonal antibody manufacturing 
capacities when it becomes fully operational in the country. We also think the 15KL 
manufacturing capacity would provide the foundation for our company's contract 
manufacturing aspirations and also add in additional capacities for our own products. We look 
at this plant becoming operational and ready for commercial supplies in FY25-26. 
 
 
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: And what would we have current capacity for biosimilars and current gross 
block? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati:  At present, we are having 140,000 square feet manufacturing footprint 
with four 2,500 litre (mammalian cell culture) bioreactors that is around 10 KL capacities for 
our internal programs. So, for the first two or three monoclonal antibodies that will come out 
of our CuraTeQ facility, we are well aligned to capture up to 5% to 10% of the market share 
without any (capacity) hiccups. If you can go through the press release that we have made 
about this Rs. 300 Crore investment, this is primarily to stretch our aspirations into contract 
manufacturing, creating a huge manufacturing footprint that allows us to make solid 
foundation to attract contract manufacturing opportunities in this segment. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, thank you. I'll move back in the queue.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Prashant Poddar.  
 
Prashant Poddar: Hi guys, thank you very much for the opportunity. Subbu, first of all, there 
are two concerns I will point out. First one is on the governance standards given the 
experience of the Chairman in compliance, investors who have been with you for more than 
five years, a decade, etc. would expect better governance standards, wherein the side 
businesses of directors should also be reported and should be public rather than we coming 
to know about it much later. The second one is on your use of cash; I just could not understand 
your response, honestly.  We don't want a buyback or anything to be announced immediately. 
Obviously, the use of cash is something that the board of directors have to decide, but your 
confidence in saying that this money will be needed till May you do not have any clarity on 
that, and the response that the capital expenditure will suddenly be increased. I just could 
not understand that bit. $337 million cash and Rs. 800 crores a quarter EBITDA it just does 
not, I mean, we can’t understand how this cash can be so quickly utilized and we don’t want 
it to be used for buybacks or anything but your lack of clarity on what it will be used for, you 
just could not add numbers for me. So honestly, this is a disappointment from our 
perspective. We just want a candid feedback and we need better communication from 
Aurobindo on all these things. 
 
S. Subramanian: Yes, Prashant your point is taken. In terms of the Pen-G plant, we are already 
putting around Rs. 2,000 crores and out of that we have spent around Rs. 500 crores, Rs. 1,500 
crores are going to be spent in the coming year. We like to accelerate it as much as possible. 
Second point if you really see once we get a clarity, we are already having a gross debt of 
~$490 million we would like to use the cash and reduce it.  It is not the entire cash that is 
going to get used, the cash is kept as a reserve and there is a gross debt of nearly Rs. 4,000 
crores, which has been forming part of the earnings presentation also, we would like to use 
it and reduce the debt. So, we are working on that. In this quarter we could not do because 
of the volatility we do not know when we need to bring it and whether the rupee will touch 
the 85 rupee or not, we don't want to bring it at a low price and then later rupee getting 
depreciated. The third point which I want to say is we talked about Rs. 300 crores which has 
already been announced and Satakarni has explained that. Apart from above money, which 
is expected to complete and we are already guided in the past, we will be doing a CapEx of 
around $125 to $150 million every year, since  we are already having around 23 plants and 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
some more plants will come into operations in the coming year also. So, because of these 
reasons, we are a little bit conservative, and we'll like to look at it in the month of May. When 
I say May, it is during the March results. 
 
Prashant Poddar: Yes, we understand that Subbu. Only that at the beginning of every year, 
you know, when the Board of Directors meet, like any large company needs to do, you need 
to, you know, be very, very clear about the use of cash rather than thinking it through as it 
happens, the CapEx is not you know, it's not easy to just increase the CapEx as I mean, as you 
said as much as we can. So, the use of cash, you know, large shareholders would only want it 
to be more stable, to get a more stable outlook on that rather than a very, you know, quick 
changing once. And last one, the corporate governance, you know, serious work needs to be 
done there about what directors are doing etc. I mean, just because some of them are 
promoters, they cannot do anything that they want, right? I mean, such a responsible position 
that of a director of a large company, which is making more than $400 million EBITDA year 
and such large responsibility as an exporter, the largest exporter of pharma from the country, 
largest manufacturer or supplier to the drug industry, the drug consuming industry of the US, 
it is disappointing to, you know, because this would not even work well with your buyers. I 
mean, they would also want you to abide by certain corporate governance, I would believe. 
That's all from my side. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Rahul Jeevani.  
 
Rahul Jeevani: Yes, hope I'm audible, sir? 
 
Moderator: Yes.  
 
Rahul Jeevani: Yes, sir. I just wanted one clarification. Your injectables speciality revenue 
guidance from $650 to $700 million dollar, does that factor in contribution from Revlimid as 
well?  
 
S. Subramanian: Yes, it does.  
 
Rahul Jeevani: Okay sir. So, then how do you see the revenue momentum on the injectables 
business to sustain given that Revlimid will be a short-term opportunity for most of the 
players so that opportunity might last only two-to-three-year period. But beyond that, how 
do you then see the growth on the injectables business? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: What we have done is based on what we feel is based on our filings and 
the approvals what we are getting, we feel double digit growth, on a regular basis even if I 
take out Revlimid, growth will continue to happen, quarter and quarter, that is what we have 
baked in and we have good enough pipeline to take care of that. Also, we have added 
significant capacities looking at the future growth of this business at a double-digit growth.  
 
Rahul Jeevani: Sure sir. 
 
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: So, I'm also keeping Revlimid as well, it will start from FY24 and it will 
remain till FY26 or FY27. So, I'm just keeping that three-four years of opportunity. I’m keeping 
that aside, going forward, whatever it is, it's a regular, normal trending of business should 
happen in double digits. 
 
Rahul Jeevani: Sure sir. So, if you can just come in, what was the global injectables revenue 
for the quarter? I missed that number. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: In fact, we don't put it as segment wise results, but it is in the range of 
around $100 million. 
 
Rahul Jeevani: Okay, sure sir and at least the thought process which I was working with, was 
that given Revlimid at the end of the day is an oral product although I know you classify 
speciality or Onco as part of your global speciality business but my sense was that the $650–
$700million growth will be driven by the injectables portfolio rather than Revlimid being such 
a large contributor to the growth, which we're talking about. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yes, I appreciate that. But that's why like, if you see Revlimid initially, 
based on our settlement, we were supposed to launch only in October 2023. So, in FY24 
revenue, Revlimid would have been an insignificant portion from an overall number’s 
perspective. But, and most of the numbers were supposed to come from the regular portfolio 
of products. But the guidance I'm giving as I said, like it is going into FY25 is mainly that regular 
portfolio also should go to that level. But we need to wait and watch at this juncture, it is too 
early for me to comment based on the last two quarters events. 
 
Rahul Jeevani: Sure sir. So, then that implies that your contribution assumption from Revlimid 
would have been very negligible, given that you were launching only in second half of FY24.  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: That's right.  
 
Rahul Jivani: Okay. Sure. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Tarang Agarwal. Tarang, please unmute 
yourself. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Hi, good morning, am I audible.  
 
Moderator: Yes.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Okay. Just a couple of follow ups. One did Yugandhar did you suggest, that 
you would be properly launching 20 products in this financial year?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: That's right, Tarang.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: So, in the next half a year, we should see 20 products. Is that how I should 
look at it? 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yes, overall, this year, we should have around 20 launches. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Okay, that's one. Second, if you could give us a sense on what's happening 
on the Depot business? Is it status quo from your earlier update or has there been any 
developments there? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: It is status quo there and as I mentioned, last time, we have finished one 
product and that is on stability. The other two products also, we should complete it in this 
year and post that we expect the filings to happen from FY24 onwards, and status quo, 
literally. Everything is going as per what I updated last time. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Thank you. Dr.Satakarni, just wanted to get a sense on, I mean, I think the 
three Biosimilar products that have been filed, they've been filed somewhere in September 
and January. Any status on Product Approvals Inspection (PAI) from the regulator? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: That's a good question, Tarang. So, we had two filings with the 
European Medicines Agency (EMA) in the oncology space with an abbreviated clinical path. 
We have (adopted) the EMA suggested clock stop for seven months (after) we have 
completed all the procedures and responses leading up to Day 120. But, because of the 
paucity of auditors to come and do a GMP inspection, the clock has been stopped by EMA. So 
that's something which is not under our control. The clock stop will be until the June of 2023 
(for two programs). If the situation changes, the inspectors are (become) available ahead of 
time, then (I believe) EMA will give us a notice in months’ time for the GMP inspection. With 
respect to our filing for non-squamous small cell lung cancer drug biosimilar with MHRA in 
the UK where we filed this product with only phase 1 data, (i.e.) three arm phase one data of 
our test biosimilar versus the US and EU registered reference products, this is (possibly) the 
first time ever that the monoclonal antibody has been filed with only phase 1 and not 
including the phase 3 (data) of the efficacy trial. So, you should understand that we are 
pushing the regulatory barriers here. But I'm pleased to inform that the Day 80 (which is an 
equivalent to Day 180) with EMA (the Day 80 procedure) has been adopted by MHRA and it 
is highly likely and now this is a forward-looking statement, it is very highly likely that this may 
become the world's first monoclonal antibody biosimilar that may be approved by the 
developed market’s regulatory agency without the need for a phase 3 efficacy trial. I'll keep 
you posted on it. You should understand that this is a forward-looking statement and that we 
are pushing the regulatory barriers here. But the only point that is left after Day 80 is the GMP 
inspection. So, we are waiting for a GMP inspection for all the EMA as well as the MHRA filings. 
We will keep you posted as and when things evolve. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Correct, just a follow up. So, on the Europe filings, would it therefore, given 
that the regulator, there's a paucity of inspectors or impediments from the regulators end, 
would it therefore mean that your product approval inspection might perhaps been pushed 
to June 2023? 
 
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
14 November, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: No, what we have been told, what we have been communicated by 
them is to take a clock stop until June 2023. They are expecting the regulators scheduled to 
be available starting Q1 of the next calendar year. If the situation changes, they will keep us 
informed and carry out the inspection with one month's notice (I believe). But based on the 
formal letter, we expect the inspection to happen in June. But, an inspection between January 
to June cannot be ruled out, Tarang. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Got it. That’s simple and Swami sir just wanted to check, I mean, this is again 
to an earlier question. Does the base which is the US base between OSDs, injectables, OTCs 
and everything will just come down to about $330 million, would it be fair to presume that 
this $330 million would be the new base going forward or different numbers as a base just 
for us to understand how, if we were to ignore the one-offs of this quarter, how should this 
number or how should this business look like going forward from Q3 onwards?  
 
Swami Iyer: Yes, so, actually, we need to split this into two. One is the injectable side and 
then the other one is others, speciality side and others. Because as you know injectable 
business, we are considering separately from Eugia, this speciality. But with regard to the 
other business, as far as the oral solids are concerned, the generic market would continue to 
remain competitive in the next few quarters. We believe that this could be due to 
overcapacity or number of approvals that's coming in. But you know, we have a very broad 
and strong base portfolio and we have a fairly robust pipeline. And recently we got the Unit 
VII clearance, we also have other ANDA which are ready to be launched. So, we are looking 
at a potential launch of around 40 products for the next 12 months. So, we think that we 
should be able to regain from the market in terms of value. We have such a broad portfolio 
of products, we also see some time surge in demand. Right now, we are seeing good surge in 
demand as far as antibiotics are concerned with the onset of flu season. I think overall our 
base should be better when we should go back to the earlier base or at least to that level, 
that's what we think. With regard to the OTC product, they are doing well and they continue 
to do well. So, we have no issues at this point. Yes, I think Yugandhar, he has already answered 
on the injectable part. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Yes, that's been answered. Yes. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. That was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
 
Deepti Thakur: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. If you have any of your questions 
unanswered, please feel free to keep in touch with the Investor Relations team. The transcript 
of this call will be uploaded on our website ww.aurobindo.com in due course. Thank you and 
have a great day. 
 
Moderator: Thank you on behalf of Aurobindo Pharma that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. 
 
(END OF TRANSCRIPT) 
