 
Orient Cement Limited 
Corporate Office: Birla Tower, 3rd fl, 25 Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001, India.   011 42092100 
Registered Office: Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneshwar, Odisha 751012, India. www.orientcement.com    
 
CIN No: L26940OR2011PLC013933 
 
 
 
 
November 17, 2022 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited     
New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort   
Mumbai-400001    
Security Code: 535754                        
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C-1, Block G  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: ORIENTCEM 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors/Analysts Conference Call for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2022 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
  
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated November 10, 2022, sharing the audio 
link of the investors/analysts Conference Call, held to discuss the Unaudited Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022, on 
Thursday, November 10, 2022, at 2:00 PM (IST).  
 
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforementioned 
investors/analysts Conference Call. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company, 
www.orientcement.com. You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nidhi Bisaria 
(Company Secretary) 
 
Encl.: as stated 
NIDHI 
BISARIA
Digitally signed 
by NIDHI BISARIA 
Date: 2022.11.17 
15:43:07 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Orient Cement Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT MR. DEEPAK KHETRAPAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ORIENT CEMENT 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSH MITTAL – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Orient Cement Limited Q2 FY23 and H1 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch tone telephone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Mittal from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Harsh Mittal: 
Thank you, Melissa. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of ICICI 
Securities, we welcome you to the second quarter and first half of FY23 Earnings Call of Orient 
Cement Limited. On the call, we have with us Mr. Deepak Khetrapal – MD and CEO of the 
company. 
At this point of time, I will hand over the floor to Mr. Deepak Khetrapal for his opening remarks, 
which will be followed by an interactive Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Very good afternoon to everyone. And I join Harsh Mittal in extending a very warm welcome 
to all of you. Thank you for sparing the time, thank you for investing your time with us. And for 
those of you who are investing with us, even financially, thank you for investing in us and 
believing in us. Thank you so much. 
Where do I start this call, in the sense that we all know, the kind of quarter we've had. But even 
then, let me at least start with some of the positive things that have happened during the Q2. And 
I'll obviously come to the hard numbers in a minute, I won't take too long over it. But a few good 
things that I certainly want to point out to people who are interested in us. One, for those of you 
who’ve seen that in social media and all, Deloitte does run a global program called Best Managed 
Companies all over the world, and in India, this was the second edition. And they have a very 
robust process through which the Best Managed Companies are actually selected. And they take 
us through a 4-stage evaluation cum screening process, in which we need to make detailed 
presentation of our strategy and communication and implementation capabilities. And 
innovation is another pillar, culture and commitment is one pillar, and obviously, governance 
and financials. 
So, based on that, before we finally were selected amongst a handful of companies to have the 
title of Best Managed Companies. So, that’s something that we are very proud of because it was 
a fairly tough competition and very robust evaluation process. Otherwise, all of us are aware 
these days, how awards are actually being given out or how they are being received. So, this one 
is special because it's actually come through a very, very professional evaluation process. So, 
that's something which I thought some of you would be interested in knowing. 
The other thing, a very important thing is that we in this quarter which actually was a lean 
quarter, we managed to actually migrate from SAP ECC volume to SAP S/4HANA on cloud. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
So, we are using Google Cloud platform to host our data. I mean we are told that we are perhaps 
the first cement company to have done this migration. And also, we take pride in the fact this 
migration, which typically is considered 6 to 9 months project, we did an insanely short-time of 
just 3.5 months, not about 3.5 months is what it took us from starting the work to going live. So, 
again, a very important step, not in terms of just how quickly we did it, but we are the first 
cement company who’ve done it. We also have done it to keep our progress on the digitalization 
and to become more and more a company which is driven by data and data analytics and decision 
making which will be largely based on the data that we have with us. So, it's not just a technical 
migration, it’s a complete migration. And the reason to choose Google Cloud as a partner along 
with SAP S/4HANA is because Google Cloud has the reputation of offering the best analytics 
capabilities, in the way we can create data lakes and data oceans and things like that. So, we are 
all set and so that's I would say positive in terms of building the backbone of the company so 
that we managed to complete. 
And the third important thing I would like to just mention, again, it's been there in social media 
for some of the people who might be in the markets we have launched, it’s a very small launch 
as of now, but we actually launched a new brand. As most of you would remember, our Strong 
Crete as a brand is really been doing well and we are very delighted about this performance. 
We've actually launched another premium cement where we actually have launched in the brand 
name Orient Green. And why we’re calling it Orient Green is simply because this cement has 
about 15% less carbon footprint than the industry norms. And obviously, we are positioning it 
as a green cement, as environmentally responsible cement. And the byline also is ‘responsible 
cement for the responsible you’. That is you could be a house builder, you could be the 
contractor, you could be, let's say, a consultant or an architect. So, responsible cement for the 
responsible you and the brand is Orient Green. Like if you remember our Strong Crete is today 
priced at Rs. 45 higher than our PPC. Orient Green is priced at Rs. 23 higher because some of 
the customers have been telling us they’re finding Rs. 45 premium to be a little too steep, that’s 
why we are right now at where we are, I’ll give you the numbers. And Orient Green is another 
option from our stable where we are offering something which is in the middle of our PPC 
cement and the Strong Crete and leaving the choice to the customer how much more they want 
to pay. But we are sort of strictly speaking, Orient Green has been focused on that segment of 
the market where people are actually becoming environmentally conscious. It’s not just 
environmentally conscious and the simple way of how we produce the cement, it's also for 
example in the amount of water they need to do while curing the slabs and the casts and things 
like that. So, there are obviously benefits for consumers there. And the price, as I mentioned, is 
Rs. 23 is higher than our PPC. So, that's the other launch and initial response has been rather 
good. We're very happy, I think almost every day. We've currently launched it only in a few 
districts of north Karnataka. Largely we’re sorting out the availability of bags and when you 
start launching a product, a lots of things need to come connected. So, we started with north 
Karnataka, which is as it is a little more difficult market, but it's closer to our Chitapur plant 
where we are producing the cement for now and we plan to roll it out. But within the north 
Karnataka market, our average per day, we are actually casting 3 to 4 slabs every single day 
from the time we've launched it. So, for a small market, for a product which is completely 
positioned differently, we are happy with the initial response. And we will obviously keep 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
supporting our customers who buy this product with our technical services to actually train them 
how to use it well to have the full benefits of the product. So, these are, I would say the good 
things from the recent past that I wanted to sort of place before you. 
Now coming to Q2. As I'm sure all of you have seen that, Q2 actually has been, I'm naming it 
as a brutal year for the industry. It's really been brutal on us. We too have had our own share of 
grief. And the grief has come more from the fact that we've had absolutely unprecedented rains 
in our catchment areas. To give you an example, and as you know, we would be selling in 300 
km, 400 km around our plants. So, our mother plant, which is Devapur in Telangana, that plant, 
as it is, it's a very high rainfall area, about 900 millimeter is the rainfall that we receive every 
year. This year, we’ve already crossed 1550 millimeter and the rain obviously is not happening 
only on our plant, it's happening in the entire region there. Just to give 1 data point how heavy 
rainfall is, and when rainfall happens, not only does the construction slows down, it also the 
mining of coal slows down, the gypsum availability goes for a toss, you get fuel which is wet. 
The alternate fuels that we are using more and more during monsoon is very difficult to use them 
when they come wet. As it is, the calorific value is low. And when they come in the wet form to 
you, it becomes very difficult to use them. The liquid hazardous waste that we were consuming 
became very short supply in these 3 months of monsoon. It’s  been people are talking only about 
sales being hit, but I think equally important is the impact on the availability of various materials 
and the costs. So, that's been a negative for us for sure. 
The overall on this, for example, for our Devapur plant, we always buy our coal from Singareni 
coal mines, the domestic coal. And when you're buying that coal, this particular quarter, we've 
seen a very strange phenomenon of rakes being not available. So, we're having to transport coal 
from Singareni mines to our plant using trucks by road. And obviously that adds to the freight 
cost, the input cost of domestic coal itself goes up not because the coal itself is that much more 
expensive, but also because the freight costs have gone up. So, these are the impacts of I would 
say the heavier than normal monsoon that we felt. 
So, first, we were looking for, as I say, cover from the rains that we were getting. And I think 
when we had declared the results, I'm ducking more cover from our investors because obviously 
they are unhappy with the results. And I can assure all of you and all of the investors that we are 
very, very frustrated because no matter what we've tried, we still are, let’s say, significantly 
lower, more than 70% drop in EBITDA whether on absolute terms or per term basis. At the PBT 
level, we actually have gone minus although it's a small loss, but frankly, having a red at the 
PBT level is a matter of great embarrassment to all of us. But since I don't have the luxury of 
hiding, being a listed company, here I am, talking to all of you and trying to explain as to what 
all hit us. 
So, disappointing as they are, the hard numbers. Most of you have seen it, but I’ll perhaps have 
a little more detail than the numbers that you've seen so far. Our net sales, as you've seen, are 
down 1% Y-o-Y, and sequentially they're down 14%, I'm talking rupees of course. The volumes 
in this particular quarter have been at 12.36 lakh tons, 1.24 million as many of would be quoting, 
which is nearly 3% down over last year. But if we remember that last year in Q2, we had sold 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
about 24,000 tons, 25,000 ton of clinker, and this year, clinker sale was out of question because 
the coal supplies were so uncertain, we would never use our coal and make another cement 
manufacturer have our clinker at all. So, we didn’t sell any clinker at all. So, we exclude that 
purely on cement, the drop is 1.4% over last year. And sequentially, the drop in our cement sales 
in volume is about 10%. 
On H1 basis, on the face value, it seems that we are flat 26.37 lakh tons vis-à-vis 26.39 tons last 
year, but again last year had 24,000 tons. So, from that perspective whereas we will have nearly 
1% growth in H1 over last year. Realization in Q2 has been somewhat better. We have realization 
which is 4% higher year on year. But on sequential basis is down 4%, which is like I said, not 
something that we have liked. But between Q1 and Q2 which is the heavy monsoon season, the 
drop in price perhaps was par for the course, excepting that the costs behaved very differently. 
So, that's where the pain is, not so much in the volumes per se, like I said, volume were being 
lower by 1.4%. And let's say the prices being higher than 4% year on year, it won't look so bad. 
But the results are bad purely because of the costs that we've had to incur to produce the cement. 
So, heavy rains and the slow markets all across in our markets at least, when the markets are not 
supportive with all the increases in costs that I’m going to narrate to you, the ability to pass on 
these costs to markets have not been fruitful at all and that's where the pricing has really, really 
hurt us or rather the costs have hurt us because we couldn't pass it on to the markets. 
In the markets that we are operating especially when we talk about Telangana and especially 
when we talk about Karnataka, there are no mega projects. In any cement cycle, we do need the 
support of some large government sponsored projects in our area of operation to maintain the 
volumes. Now they have not happened. Despite that, the volumes that I'm quoting are where 
they are, which I believe are not so disappointing, although we wish they could be better. 
In the in the absence of demand from south, we actually have done somewhat better. Actually, 
Maharashtra has supported us rather well. So, as a result, our sales in, if I look at Maharashtra 
and the west as a whole, they're close to 55% against the normal 50%, 51% that we have. So, 
Maharashtra, we’ve been able to sell more because demand was there. The other impact of heavy 
rains is that the larger project who have the infrastructure to continue construction despite rains, 
because they have more mechanized equipment, they have better labor camps, they have 
everything, they consumed a lot more of cement. And this particular quarter, our B2B sales or 
the non-trade sales as the industry calls it, has actually risen to 45% which was 39% in the same 
quarter last year, which have gone up to 45%. What that does is that basically because B2B 
market is a lot more I would say favored towards the customer because they're all large 
customers who negotiate very, very hard and almost volumes being attractive, almost every 
cement manufacturer tries to book that order. So, we get prices, which are challenged and also 
they consume more of OPC, which as you know, being unblended costs us more to make. So, 
the impact could cost us higher, it also takes into account the higher proportion of non-trade 
sales and higher proportion of OPC sales. 
Another dynamic which is important to remember is as I mentioned, the markets in south have 
been a little soft. So, the impact has been that the capacity utilization in this quarter at our 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Chitapur plant has been a lot higher than the capacity utilization at our older plants at Telangana. 
Now, what that does is now as I think most of you would again know, our Telangana plant uses 
domestic coal which we buy from Singareni coal mines. They may become a little more 
expensive because of the freight costs by road. But petcoke costs have been at a completely 
different level. And for Chitapur, even at the cost that we've incurred, Chitapur, the lowest cost 
fuel even today is petcoke. Because from Singareni, or elsewhere, if you transport coal all the 
way, the landed costs of coal at Chitapur become unaffordable. So, we've been using more of 
petcoke. And petcoke, as it is, has suffered the highest inflation. So, if in an overall fuel mix, 
one is overall clinker production mix, Chitapur’s contribution for the company is a lot more than 
Devapur. There we use more expensive coal. So, the entire fuel mix for the company as a whole 
has got driven in a way where the heavy costs or high inflation in the cost of petcoke has hurt 
the overall power and fuel costs. 
And if you actually look at now, all these dynamics, more OPC, more production at Chitapur, 
even then I'm sort of looking at my power and fuel costs, I'm sure you will agree although they 
look 61% higher than last year at Rs. 1647 per ton of cement, to my view from whatever results 
I have seen, they're still amongst the lowest power and fuel cost in the industry. Maybe just 1 or 
2 other companies would have a slightly lower power and fuel cost Otherwise and this all the 
negative factors I have already counted in front of you. And this is despite the fact that Chitapur 
is actually more efficient plant, but it’s dependent on petcoke purely because of the landed cost 
there. 
The other element in power and fuel cost also which has hurt is that at Devapur, we did not get 
enough of the higher quality domestic coal and for running the production to the extent that we 
ran, we have to use some of our very expensive imported coal, which normally we use only as a 
sweetener to the domestic coal. To make sure that we keep producing and keep delivering to the 
markets, we also had to use some of the inventory of sweetener coal, which is a lot more 
expensive, imported coal being so much more expensive. We had to use more of that at Devapur 
also. 
But the aberration, I'm calling aberration and hopefully they're just transitory that when the 
capacity utilization at our Devapur plant starts getting better in terms of how it used to be in the 
past and Chitapur sort of keeps producing well. So, all these aberrations in terms of higher OPCs 
than our norm, higher utilization of capacity at Chitapur compared to Devapur, hopefully, they 
should blow over. And we should sort of get back to normal fuel mix for the company as a 
whole. Just to give you, in the previous quarter when I was doing the investor call, some investor 
had asked me for the fuel cost on a million-calorie basis. That can give you some idea of how 
the costs have been. So, in Q2, pet coke for us, our consumed cost has been Rs. 2,568 per million 
kilocalories. Just to set the perspective, it’s from Rs. 1,500 last year, is Rs. 2568, that’s the pet 
coke cost at Chitapur, you can see the difference. The domestic coal also for various reasons, 
including the fact that the Indian miner also have been jacking up the price, those of you who 
could see the profitability of Coal India limited if you saw given the increase in their volumes 
and sales increased their profitability obviously mean that they have tended up their prices 
obviously taking advantage of the fact that international prices of coal are very, very high. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
So, even domestic coal, in this quarter has been around the Rs. 1,900 per million kilocalorie 
from about Rs. 1330 year-on-year. In this atmosphere when the other fuels are expensive, even 
the alternate fuels, they nearly doubled in cost over last year because everybody saw the 
opportunities. And the irony is that even when you go for renewable power because coal is 
expensive and power is expensive, even the renewable power generators, they have increased 
their prices of renewable power, although they have had no cost escalation at all, but taking 
advantage of the higher price of other power sources, they’ve also increased their price. So, 
there's been a beating from all possible quarters. 
I would say overall fuel cost actually, if you want to know, so I've given you how each of the 
fuels was there. But overall, for us in the last quarter, we had the fuel cost at Rs. 2,379 as the 
weighted average cost per million kilocalories of fuel that we’ve had, which is up from Rs. 1,336, 
I'm giving you now a blended cost after having given you the pet coke and domestic coal and 
those costs. And for the H1, the blended fuel cost for us is Rs. 2,358 per million kilocalories 
versus Rs. 1,296 of last year. That gives you some idea of inflation in the fuel costs. The saving 
grace quite honestly for us, has been the renewable power that we've used, which actually has 
reached in the overall mix that is 18% of renewable power, both at Jalgaon and at Chitapur where 
we’re buying the renewable power at these plants. Telangana, even today makes the renewable 
power a lot more difficult to use, because of the State rules as you know. So, outsourcing power 
from elsewhere is driven by the State the way they want their grid and their power generation 
companies to perform. 
With the waste heat recovery project at Chitapur which is under construction and which, as said 
earlier, we will be commissioning towards the end of the financial year. When that comes in, 
obviously, waste heat recovery again is more or less a renewable power because we are not 
burning any fuel to generate that. So, obviously, this percentage will go up even further. 
We continue to be extremely efficient as we've always been, there's no gap there. And as a result 
of that, if you see, despite the fact I'm telling you how much is the increase in fuel costs, and this 
fuel cost I’m talking about it has increased both for kilns and also for our CPP. But the power 
and fuel cost per ton is not looking as high simply because we managed to increase renewable 
power, we managed to increase to the extent possible, I mean we've been handicapped a little bit 
by availability challenge on the alternate fuels, but even then we have used alternate fuels. And 
therefore the overall cost is not looking as high as perhaps the landed cost of fuel is. So, that's 
again, I would consider an achievement. 
So, what next? I can give you all the reasons, but the fact is that I'm feeling extremely frustrated 
and disappointed as all of you would be with what the quarter we've had, as a result of which 
EBITDA is as I said from Rs. 157 crore in the quarter last year, we are down to Rs. 37 crore and 
per ton basis, we've come to about Rs. 300, which is again, more than 72% drop over last year. 
It can't be anything which is more frustrating, but we have to live through these times and hope 
that some of the transitory challenges will get over. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
The blended realization, I've already told you, where they've been total cost per ton largely 
because of it. The one thing which I certainly want to highlight to you, one is the variable cost 
of power and fuel cost. Some of you would obviously be seeing our total costs. I'm not talking 
about fixed costs, looking a little bit higher than what perhaps they should have been given our 
track record and on that again, I’d like to just share a little more information with you, which is 
that when we compare our fixed costs in Q2 this year vis-a-vis Q2 of last year, there are few 
things which are I would say distorting the equation. 
To begin with, for example, last year, in Q2, we had reversed some of the provisions, which had 
been made earlier for variable pay to our employees. And last year when after seeing how the 
year was progressing during the second quarter itself, we are seeing the signs so we had some 
part of the variable pay, we had actually reversed in Q2, which obviously depressed our people 
costs last year, which was not really a reduction and just a provisioning. In the previous quarter, 
we had higher than last year, this quarter they got severely depressed. So, that is nearly Rs. 4 
crore is impact of reversal of provisions of variable pay last year in Q2. We had some very old 
cases, when I'm talking about old cases, this go back to year 2005 and before, sales tax cases on 
the freight costs, which were in dispute with the State government because at that time sales tax 
was used to be a state subject. With that many years gone, I think even government was a little 
bit keen and Telangana government I’m talking about, Telangana government had actually 
floated a one-time settlement scheme saying you pay, I think they were saying 40% of total claim 
and no penalties, no interest, nothing, and we’ll just close all the files rather having to go through 
the assessments all over again, and we took advantage of that. So, these costs pertain to very, 
very old time. So, we have taken a hit of about Rs. 1.8 crore maybe on account of one-time 
settlement in the old sales tax cases, but to that extent, the balance sheet becomes more clean. 
Then I mentioned to you that we also migrated to the next version of SAP and incurred all the 
costs, that cost itself is about Rs. 2 crore, which obviously had to be incurred when we were 
doing the project. And also in this quarter, we quite didn't expect the rains to be as heavy as they 
are. So, we had already planned out some campaigns on our brand building, which again over 
compared to last year, we spent about Rs. 2 crore more. So, nearly Rs. 10 crore in fixed costs 
are which are looking a little higher than last year same quarter, they are more a distortion rather 
than apple to apple comparison. So, I just thought I'll place that for you in case that provides you 
a little bit better insight into why the results are where they are. They could have been perhaps, 
if this Rs. 10 crore is not there on the, there obviously could have been Rs. 70, Rs. 80 per ton 
difference in costs. 
Coming to the balance sheet now, obviously we have paid another Rs. 37 crore toward project 
debt in this quarter, total in H1 becoming Rs. 74 crore So, and we today, our let's say the project 
debt is now down to Rs. 236 crore and our working capital borrowings at the end of the quarter 
or at Rs. 172 crore, which makes it a total debt of Rs. 408 crore. This Rs. 408 crore is a debt 
which I would call interest bearing debt, but this also has been helped by the fact that in the 
quarter, we managed to receive Rs. 38 crore from Karnataka government under their industrial 
policy where we were supposed to get interest-free loan against the earlier VAT, and then after 
that it becomes state GST. So, we got Rs. 38 crore interest-free loans. So, if you add that also, 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
then the total debt will look like Rs. 446 crore. And that debt is like I said interest-free for 10 
years and after that also is payable over 4 equal yearly installments, so it's maybe a 14 year debt 
which is coming to us interest free. So, debt including that will be Rs. 446 crore, but the debt 
bearing as I said Rs. 408 crore, for those of you who would like to estimate our financing costs. 
Other things we continue to do excepting one more negative in this particular quarter has been 
that rake shortages has been a big problem. As much as rake shortages, also the railway 
authorities, I think managed their shortage of rakes. They have actually been very, very, I would 
say unfair to the industry by increasing their demurrage charges to 400%, 500% if it crosses a 
certain number of hours. And when we started seeing that that was beginning to hurt us, we 
obviously rearranged our logistics. So, as a result of that from a 20% share of our volume that 
we moved using rakes last year, has actually fallen to 15% in this quarter this year. So, there's 
been a drop. Even in the preceding quarter, it was 19%, but this quarter it's just fallen to 15%. 
The CAPEX obviously has been slow. We haven't started beyond the waste heat recovery plant 
and the flyash handling system, we’ve not started any major expansion plant, Brownfield or 
anything. And we didn't see the need because the demand is so low the capacity utilization is so 
low. And there's no urgency as far as we are concerned to start construction and increase capacity 
because we are still are at a fairly low capacity utilization compared to let's say what we need to 
have. 
So, those are, I would say, other things that I keep reporting to you, we keep redefining our 
customer base channel this brand presence. As I said even in a poor year, poor quarter, we still 
invested more to create the awareness of our brand. And our ground services and delivery I think 
we’ll keep improving them almost every day that we work. 
So, that's in a nutshell the complete summary of Q2 as I see it. But I'm quite conscious of the 
fact that no matter how much detail I share, there will still be more questions. So, here I am. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. we have 
the first question from the line of Abhishek Maheshwari from Skyridge Wealth Management 
Proprietorship. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
Sir, you have very beautifully explained about the previous quarter and its financials. Sir, could 
you give some feelings about H2 also, and how the Q3 is progressing because we are hearing 
that coal and everything is coming down price wise. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
So, in terms of cost prospects, it does seem that the costs are beginning to see some softening 
for sure. The good news that we have is that we already have gotten the ship, actually we’re just 
offloading our pet coke. We’ve imported 1 shipload of about 55,000 tons of pet coke, which is 
beginning to now reach our plant and obviously if I told you that in Q2, our cost of pet coke was 
about Rs. 2,500 per million kilocalorie, this ship that we bought the cost is coming to us at under 
Rs. 2,300, which is still much higher than what we’re traditionally used to, but that Rs. 2300 is 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
a lot lower than what we’ve recently been incurring. More importantly, from the time we 
confirmed the order till now, the prices have moved up again. So, we had a I would say a sweet 
slot which was available to us towards the middle of September. We took the call to book at that 
time rather than waiting a further fall to happen. And now in hindsight I can tell you it seemed 
to be a brilliant call because we book at perhaps the lowest price of petcoke that was available 
and after that the prices again moved up $20, $25, $30 a ton. So, certainly that’s one softening. 
And I’m also hoping that as this softens and I am also hearing in the last 1 week or so, the South 
African coal again due to lack of interest from European Union, lack of interest even let’s say 
from China and all, is beginning to soften. If that softens, then obviously domestic miners like 
Singareni or Coal India will also have to because they all work in line what the global price trend 
is. 
So, on pricing, certainly, we believe it will be softening. Our alternate fuels availability will also 
improve, which will again help our fuel mix towards cheaper fuel. The big question that I think 
all of us are still waiting for an answer to is how will the volumes be in Q3 and Q4. 
Unfortunately, the month of October gives no indication because we can’t have an apple-to-
apple comparison because last year we had one major festival which was Dussehra in the month 
of October and Diwali was in November. So, the hit on the business which happens around 
Dussehra-Diwali, was split over 2 months. Today, my view is that October over last year perhaps 
has been subpar for most of the industry because when 2 festivals comes and these 2 festivals 
actually cover all of India. Otherwise Dussehra in some parts is celebrated more, Diwali in some 
other part, Durga Puja in some other part. But this October, with all the festivals being in 1 month 
has slightly distorted the picture, but October has been subpar in terms of volumes. Although in 
terms of pricing, we have seen small improvement but some improvement over the Q2 prices 
certainly we’ve seen in October. In the month of November, we were hoping that the volumes 
will start picking up post Diwali, post Chhath puja also got over towards the end of October. 
But as of now, quite frankly, we’re still waiting for the kick in the demand that is overdue now 
to come in and the only reason it seems to be for some reason the availability of labor still seems 
to be, I mean earlier it used to be around Diwali, then it became Chhath Puja, this time I don’t 
know how you people are doing, even in a city like Delhi where I’m trying to get some small 
repair work and some labor to be available, labor is just not there, which is perhaps holding back 
the growth in demand which should happen around this time. And especially, with such 
extensive rains in our catchment areas, it’s for nothing else, there is need for cement to complete 
the repair works itself, which itself becomes significant demand after very high rainfall. 
So, we’re still waiting for the signs to appear. And again, do we have some improvement in the 
price over October-November again, yes, there is some improvement right now, but still too 
small for us to start talking about and we don’t even know whether this will sustain and build up 
further, which it needs to, given the cost that we have. So, it’s a double-edged sword. On the 
cost side, I’m sure there will be some will some savings, but unless we get the opportunity to 
sell number 1, more volumes and also sell at a better price. The relief that we are all seeking in 
terms of significant improvement I think is dependent on those 2 things. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
And my second question is regarding your future expansions. So, balance sheet is in a very good 
state right now. Regarding your future expansions, do you have the land and environmental 
clearances already in place or is that an ordeal that you’ll have to go through before getting to 
financial closures. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I have the land and environment approval for my fourth plant at Devapur, that’s completely in 
hand, okay. There we’re only waiting for the demand to look better before I start putting up more 
capacity because utilization has been low. Chitapur have all the land and the environment 
approval process is on, but that’s a simpler environment approval process, somehow it won’t 
take too long because it’s in the middle of so many other plants , it’ll come through very quickly. 
But Devapur, we already have. In Rajasthan, we don’t even have the land. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
Because land acquisition has become a very difficult process for any Greenfield expansion. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
It is difficult but still I’m sure, we are getting our new Greenfield capacity coming up. And we 
have to find a way, we’ll have to be smart about how we go about it, but we’ll get there. Rajasthan 
is too lucrative an opportunity for us to pass up because of difficulties. We’ll have to find a way. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
And sir, third question. Sir, what kind of savings can be brought about by the WHRS in value 
terms? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
See, as I’ve been saying earlier also, if you take the ballpark cost of Rs. 100 crore to put up a 10 
megawatt waste heat recovery plant, the payback is just about 3 years, okay. So, now you can 
calculate, we are actually talking about Rs. 30 odd crore of saving on power coming per year 
from the time we start commissioning and on a per ton basis you can calculate whatever it is but 
at least for Chitapur plant we know that specifically we’re going to get because this power comes 
practically without any operating cost. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
That’s very good savings, sir. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rajesh Kumar Ravi from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
I may have missed in opening remarks, but could you share what is the CAPEX timeline for by 
when this WHR and this Chitapur flyash unit are expected to be commissioned. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I told you by the end of this financial year, both will be commissioned. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Both will be commissioned, okay. And sir, on the Tiroda, what is the progress? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Tiroda, unfortunately, we still have not been able to make progress there because while the 
environment clearance application is under process, there is one document that we need which 
still has not come through. But the good part at least what I can share with you that all of us have 
been anxious and have been sharing my own anxieties that with Adani now owning both Ambuja 
and ACC, that is they would still want us to put up a grinding unit and compete with their own 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
plants, but fortunately for us, they have once again reconfirmed their intent to have our grinding 
unit in Tiroda plant. So, it’s a question of now time how quickly can we move the environmental 
application, but it’s a bit delayed than more than what we would have liked, but it will happen. 
Exact timeline, the moment I have that Rajesh and the availability of the document based on 
which we’ll move the environment application, I’ll let you know. But right now, I have no line 
of sight even if I say 1 more quarter, 2 more quarters. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Agree, sir. And coming to demand and the competitive intensity, sir, with the 3 companies 
ramping up volumes, Birla Corp, Dalmia and Shree Cement in your markets, how is that 
impacting the volume for the incumbent players? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Well, again, Rajesh, is the impact there? Certainly, it is there because obviously when more 
capacities come, every new incumbent who put up a large CAPEX in an area, they will want to 
do something. So, Dalmia, they have invested money. As you said, Birla Corp has invested. So, 
they are beginning to push volumes. The challenge that we’re having is do I start matching the 
low prices that they are offering in the market to defend my volumes or do I defend my brand 
for the longer term saying, I’m not going to match their prices, I’m going to stick to my brand 
positioning, it’s a tossup. Currently, currently our Board is saying, no, keep staying on with your 
branding because if you see, as I mentioned earlier, narrowing the price gap between us and the 
market leader because I’m not benchmarking myself with other brands excepting the market 
leader. If I start chasing every new competition which comes in front matching the prices, my 
brand strategy and positioning will go for a toss. So, currently we are suffering and that’s why I 
mentioned that our Chitapur capacity utilization has been a lot higher than our Devapur largely 
because the new capacities that you are talking about are coming around the older plant, right? 
So, we are still sort of believing that the way we have introduced branding and the power of 
branding to a small manufacturer like our company is the right way for us to survive because if 
you remain a commodity forever with these kind of capacities, you will never, never, never be 
able to sort of get good. So, it’s the cost of pressure. We are sticking to our prices right now, not 
reducing them at all. When your competition starts selling product at Rs. 20, Rs. 25 per bag 
lower than yours, I mean I would rather not sell. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
It’s a good strategy rather. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
In the short term it is cost pain, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Correct. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
And that patience you need to have and let’s see how it all pans out, but currently you are right. 
And mind you, the new brands which are coming, the brands that you named and I have named, 
are largely retaining these B2B market with very low prices, right, so which is not a game that 
we at Orient Cement would want to play anymore. We’ve done that in the past, we don’t want 
to do it anymore. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Sir, would you share what was the clinker production in 1H? 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I don’t have the number in front of me. Can I share that separately? But like I told you, for H1 
more or less at par in terms of volumes of cement. And clinker because of this adverse product 
mix towards the OPC, obviously clinker production perhaps would have done a little more than 
what the sales reflect, right, because the clinker is more in OPC. But not too big a difference 
between that number. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
And sir, coming to the cost metrics, if I look at quarter on quarter on a per kilo cal, could you 
share how much was the cost in June quarter per kilo cal? Blended total would be more useful. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I’m just trying to look some of the data, my memory is not that sharp, I’m an old man. The 
blended is not in front of me right now. For H1, it’s Rs. 2,358, that I have. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
And Q3, you said was how much? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Q2 I had told you, the blended overall fuel cost Rs. 2,379. Last year, I gave you. Y-on-Y, I gave 
Rs. 1,336. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Q2, sorry, I couldn’t get your numbers. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Rs. 2,379 
Rajesh Kumar: 
And H1 is also 2358, right? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
So, your fuel cost is broadly stable quarter-on-quarter. Is that understanding right? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes. I mean it’s about 1% more. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Yes, this is okay. Given that players are reporting 10%, 20% surge in fuel cost quarter-on-
quarter. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
But this is the cost. Don’t forget that our mix has changed for me, right, because I’ve used more 
Chittapur capacity using more pet coke and more OPC has been sold than normal. Some impact 
will be there, but this is a very small variation but broadly you are right. I have Rs. 2,379 for Q2 
and Rs. 2,358 for H1. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
And there would be slight moderation which you are expecting for Q3 from these numbers? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes. As I told you, the new pet coke which has just about started arriving would be under Rs. 
2300 against the pet coke, only pet coke was Rs. 2,568 in Q2, which will be at least a 10% plus 
saving. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
And sir, with 1.5 months almost complete, how has been the pricing in your markets, quarter-
on-quarter? 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Again, we come back to the same questions. I said in October, we gained something over last 
quarter. In November also we gained some small, I mean I’m talking just a few rupees for that. 
So, October had a slight gain over the last quarter. November with further slight gain as of now 
in the first few days in the month of November also. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
So, from quarter to-quarter, do you expect the realizations should improve? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
They must. Otherwise you know what kind of trouble we’ll get into. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
I agree. They are going to obviously, but so far, have you seen an improvement quarter-on-
quarter, if prices were to stay where they are currently? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I’ve just answered that to you, Rajesh. I don’t know how much detail can we share on 1 call 
where lots of people are waiting for their questions. I have already said that there is some 
improvement in October over last quarter, and November, there is further improvement. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Versus quarter, if you have mentioned that is okay. That is what I wanted to know. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Uttam Kumar Srimal from Axis Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Uttam Kumar: 
Sir, can you please tell me what has been our blended ratio this quarter and premium cement 
sales out of trade sale? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
In this quarter, yes, I forgot to give you the number, 15%, that is the highest ever. 
Uttam Kumar: 
That is of premium cement. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Strongcrete, only Strongcrete. 
Uttam Kumar: 
Only Strongcrete, and what have been total, if you calculate total premium cement sale out of 
total trade sale? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
The other brand we launched very, very early in this month, it was not there last month, 15% 
premium sales. 
Uttam Kumar: 
And sir, what has been our blended ratio this quarter? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Oh God, how many details every time somebody will ask me a question for which I don’t have 
a ready answer. I will get back to you. Blended ratios are a function of your OPC/PPP mix, right? 
If I stored more OPC, obviously my blended ratio has worsened this quarter. It’s a bit simple 
math. That number I’m not giving you, but I gave your number that actually my OPC from about 
39% year-on-year, has gone up to 45% and that number I have given you. So, OPC is unblended, 
right. PPC which was 61% last year is down to 55%, which has that blending. So, obviously that 
ratio has worsened although I don’t have the numbers right now. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Uttam Kumar: 
And sir, what kind of CAPEX we’re looking for in FY23 and FY24, because earlier you had 
guided for some Rs. 500 to Rs. 550 crore in FY23 and some Rs. 900 crore to Rs. 1000 crore in 
FY24. So, is there any change in that CAPEX amount? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
See, the fact that in this particular year, we have not been able to start any work at all. So, 
obviously, in this year, we would perhaps be spending a lot less that what we’re expecting. But 
given the fact that we also want to be getting on with our expansion plan, it will get bunched up. 
So, my own guess is at least FY23, perhaps we would like to spend about Rs. 850 crore to stay 
on track with our growth ambition. 
Uttam Kumar: 
In FY24? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
FY24. 
Uttam Kumar: 
And sir, can you give the figure for rail and road mix? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I‘ve just given, 15% rail. I said because of all the reason of rake availability and all railways 
dispatch is 15% in the quarter, down from 20% in the same quarter last year. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Dhiral from Phillips Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhiral: 
Sir, for Q2, what was the fuel mix blended overall? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
So, for Q2, the pet coke has become as high as 58% because more capacity use at Chitapur, so 
that’s 58%. Domestic coal has actually fallen to 28%, which used to have between 35%, 40%, 
that’s 28% in Q2. And as I mentioned imported coal usage also has been a lot higher because of 
the good quality domestic coal we just couldn’t lay our hands on. So, I think 5%, 6% of imported 
coal would be, that’s rough mix, balance would be AFR all put together. 
Dhiral: 
And sir, how many days of inventory we are holding right now? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I’ve just said we bought shipload of coal for us. At Chitapur plant, it’ll be nearly 3 months of 
inventory and we are holding in the sense that we received at the port, it’s being shifted to our 
plant. At Devapur, we’re keeping right now inventory between 2 to 3 weeks because the mines 
are close by, we pick up from there and then they go to our plant. We don’t stock more than that. 
Dhiral: 
And sir, any volume growth guidance for FY23? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Your guess is as good as mine guys. So, till the markets start showing some indication. I can 
throw any number, but there is no basis that I have. I can only tell you my ambition that as I 
mentioned despite all the festivals getting over, we’re still not seeing the demand traction which 
we expect in this time. Early November, we thought October has not been good. November 
should start showing some traction because all festivals are over, but we haven’t seen the growth 
as of now. So, till we actually start seeing some strength, it’s very difficult to have a guess. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Bajrang Kumar Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bajrang Kumar: 
Sir, can you give us some sense on the Devapur expansion plant? When do we expect this to get 
completed? You indicated something about Tiroda, but can you guide something on the Devapur 
also, the fourth clinker line? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Let me clarify, because you obviously don’t have the information that earlier I’ve been sharing. 
Devapur expansion is linked to Tiroda grinding unit. Unless I have the grinding unit, I already 
have enough clinker at Devapur to keep feeding those markets, right? So, till Tiroda construction 
actually starts, starting Devapur too early would only be locking up the capital without any 
prospective utilizing the capacity, right? So, they are interlinked, Tiroda and Devapur are 
interlinked. Tiroda has to start first and then immediately because Devapur has, as I said, I have 
land, I have environment clearance, I have everything. I can start putting it up in 1 year’s time 
and have the clinker ready, but if I don’t have the grinding unit ready, what will I do with the 
clinker. So, I’m just being the same, just being practical say unless I am able to dispose of the 
clinker in a new grinding unit, it may not help us by putting up the line 4 in Devapur. 
Bajrang Kumar: 
And some sense on the Rajasthan side in terms of regulatory clearances and how do we see that 
expansion plan goes in the future? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
See, I think even to start the construction there it will take about 3 years quite honestly. 
Bajrang Kumar: 
And sir, is there a possibility that till we start the construction in the Rajasthan site, the limestone 
that is there with us, can we expect some sale from there, some sort of outright sale? Is it 
possible? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I would never do that. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Surya Naik, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Surya Naik: 
Sir, regarding the demand scenario, what you have painted during your opening remarks, that in 
your catchment area, so you see a lower demand and you are in fact, craving for more of the 
government projects to come in to fill up the demand what you say that is currently going on. 
So, in that light, just want to understand why we are so much protective of the (inaudible) into 
non-trade sales at least to utilize more capacity to establish the markets when the newcomers are 
coming into our area. So, at least to have a presence felt there because unless and until we see 
improvement in the utilization happening in Devapur, we will not think of setting up the grinding 
unit in Tiroda. So, it is a quite linking project. So, just to understand, why we are so much 
protective of these segments, why we are not opening it for the non-trade activity? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I am selling to non-trade; my proportion already is 45% from 39% as I mentioned. Only thing is 
I am not wanting to sell my product as cheap as some of the manufacturers are selling. I never 
said I’m not doing B2B, 45% of my total volume this quarter has been B2B. So, I am selling but 
I am choosing my customer carefully where my prices are good, it does not hurt my brand. There 
are multiple things that we have to consider. Only volumes if I want to do, I will never have a 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
long term strategy to improve from where we are. Nowhere did I say that I am not selling to 
B2B, I am provided the price is the price that I want. 
Surya Naik: 
So, sir, going forward, you may say, when we will be looking for more of the government 
projects, then obviously we’ll have to sell more of the OPC rather than PPC. So, any other 
specialized event. So, in that case then our composition would be to sell more of the OPC to the 
non-trade area rather than the trade area. So, if you say the realty sector goes for some kind of 
slowdown because of the interest rate scenario because already this is quite apparent. So, my 
sense is that now unless and until we attain a capacity utilization of at least 75% to 80% at 
Devapur, we will not think of expanding the Greenfield at Tiroda, that is the linking project. So, 
why we cannot think of? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I think there is some confusion in your mind. I never said Tiroda will hold back. I said Tiroda, 
we will (Inaudible) (0:56:07) for that we will need clinker at Devapur, right? So, that’s a 
different strategy. Strategy about not trying to sell too cheap around Devapur where some new 
competition are trying to gain market share in B2B segment by selling very cheap. That’s where 
I am saying given my cost that we had, even as it is our EBITDA is barely Rs. 300, would you 
be happy if I sold 20% more volume in intraday loss, would you be happy with that as a 
shareholder? You have to answer that question and in previous few quarters, this quarter that is 
not visible, but previous quarter we’ve had some companies which sold a lot more volume and 
they declared a lot more, let’s say, decline in EBITDA and decline in profitability. We want to 
sell volumes, but we don’t want to buy volumes in terms of profitability. It’s a slightly different 
approach. I think there is some confusion in your mind that which I am not able to clarify. 
Surya Naik: 
Sir, what is the  utilization level we are targeting at least for FY24? FY23 could be nearly similar 
to last year what I feel around 66%. So, is there any chance to increase the utilization, overall 
utilization of Devapur and Chitapur put together. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes. We are very much trying, have the capacity to do that without sacrificing capacity. Please 
understand the strategy that we are talking about. I want to sell as much volume as possible. I 
would want to sell 80%, 90% of my capacity, but not at the cost of profitability. That’s the 
differentiation I’m making. 
Surya Naik: 
But less we utilize the kiln we’ll be able to get lesser of the waste heat recovery for power, that 
is also there. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Waste heat recovery is linked to a different investment. I need payback on that investment also. 
I can’t invest Rs. 100 crore and reduce the cost and pass it on to my B2B customers. Then who 
will recover the Rs. 100 crore cost. Increase in capacity is not coming free, please understand, 
that requires investment. All the reduction I’ll pass on to the customers, then what will the 
shareholders do to me. 
Surya Naik: 
At least in the interim 1-2 year, we may sacrifice for the sake of attaining utilization level of 
let’s say 80% or so, so that we can think of improving the situation overall economically. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yours is not a question, yours is a suggestion to me. I’ll take note of the suggestion. Let me take 
that. That was not a question. Your suggestion I will take. Thank you. 
Surya Naik: 
Sir, another suggestion would be sir, because we are actually going so much digital, we have 
gone into SAP HANA and all, so my request would be to at least give a detailed presentation 
after each quarterly result of highlighting all the KPIs, that would be nice, sir. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
How many hours do I need to spend on doing this call? If you need detailed presentation on S/4 
HANA, it takes me 3 hours when I go through the presentation. 
Surya Naik: 
I’m not linking to HANA, I’m talking of detailed presentation highlighting the KPIs of the 
company. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I don’t need to give you detailed presentation. All I can tell you is after that you won’t ask for 
it, in this company today if I just give you some indicative KPI so that your curiosity is satisfied, 
I can’t make a detailed presentation here. But all I can tell you is that my power consumption 
and tell me another company in the industry who does that, my power consumption per ton of 
cement is at about 63. My heat consumption is about 680. What better can we do than this.  
Surya Naik: 
So, I’m just taking whatever in the industry the peers are doing. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
In the investors call, I am not going to lay out all that I do for my competitors to imitate me. I 
will not do it. I can give you the number and the outcome, but how I do it, I am not going to tell. 
There are enough competitors who attend this call. I am giving you the outcome. As a 
shareholder, you’re entitled to know the outcome. I am telling you my power consumption, my 
heat consumption is amongst the absolute best in the industry. I am giving you the number, 63, 
680. Try to find this too many companies would do that. How I do it is I am not going to make 
explanation or presentation on that, I am very clear. I do it with a huge amount of hard work and 
innovation and all kinds of things and suddenly to lay it out in investor call for everybody to 
come and listen and go and do it, why would I do it. Clear, no. 
Moderator:  
Thank you for your response sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question and we will 
not close the question queue. I would like to hand it back to the management for closing 
comments. Thank you. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you, everyone. I hope I have provided enough information. I can never provide say that I 
am providing you all the information that all of your curiosity might have as to if I am doing S/4 
HANA, how does it benefit, where did this get. Those details obviously are not fair for me to 
share publicly especially on these calls. But anything which enables you to assess the quality of 
our operations, the quality for diligence through the outcome that we’re presenting to, I am more 
than happy. I hope I provided you all the information. In case there is something missing, do 
reach out to my colleague, Manish Aggarwal, who is also on this call. So, write to us and if the 
information can be made public, we will share that with you or put it up on or website. Is that 
fair? Thank you very much once again for your time. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
