 
 
Registered Office: ‘HOEC HOUSE’, Tandalja Road, Off Old Padra Road, Vadodara - 390 020. INDIA. 
 : 91 (0265) 2330766 ● E-mail: contact@hoec.com ● Website: www.hoec.com 
 
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
‘Lakshmi Chambers’, 192, St. Mary’s Road, Alwarpet, Chennai - 600 018. INDIA.  
: 91 (044) 66229000 ● Fax: 91 (044) 66229011 / 66229012 
E-mail: contact@hoec.com ● Website: www.hoec.com   CIN: L11100GJ1996PLC029880 
 
 
November 17, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               By Online 
 
The Listing Department  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051           
Stock Code: HINDOILEXP 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited,  
1st Floor, P. Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Stock Code: 500186 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Earnings Call 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the transcript of the Earnings 
Call held on November 11, 2022, with respect to the unaudited financial results for the quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2022. 
 
The same is made available on the Company’s website at https://www.hoec.com/results-
andreports/financial-results/. 
 
We request you to kindly take the submission on records. 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Deepika CS 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
Deepik
a C S
Digitally signed 
by Deepika C S 
Date: 2022.11.17 
15:59:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
Q2 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call 
November 11, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY'23 Conference Call of Hindustan Oil 
Exploration Company Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem advisors. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Hindustan Oil 
Exploration Company Limited, (HOEC). 
On behalf of the company, I'd like to thank you all for participating in the Earnings Call for the 
Company's Second Quarter and First Half of Financial Year ending 2023. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements 
are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by 
and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. P. Elango -- Managing 
Director and Mr. R. Jeevanandam -- Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Elango to start with his Opening Remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
 
P. Elango: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good morning, everyone. Happy to connect with you all on this Q2 FY'23 
Earnings Call. Jeeva, our CFO and director is with me, Valorem Advisors, our investor relation 
advisors are also on the call. 
I hope everyone has received the updated Earnings Presentation. We've also uploaded it on 
our website for your reference. 
As you all know, in B-80 at block level, HOEC holds 60% through revenue sharing contract. 
However, the services to B-80 field is at arm's length with subsidiaries at 100% for MOPU and 
FSO. Accordingly, the revenue earned by subsidiaries are consolidated. 
During Q2, the Mobile Offshore Process Unit continued to be on revenue mode, while SPM-
FSO unit was on revenue mode only till 14th July and B-80 field could export gas only for 14-
days during Q2. FSO and SPM were on downtime due to the repair of under body hose and 
the connecting hose till 31st October 2022. 
As we updated on 4th November, we have resumed gas sales from B-80 post completion of 
under body hose repair and reconnection of hose to FSO vessel. While we did not have to pay 
any penalty for not supplying gas since mid-July, GSPC reported that they are not able to find 
customers willing to pay $20 per MMBTU which was the price we could realize in June. We 
have therefore agreed to adopt the market prices, discovered and published by the Indian Gas 
Exchange on monthly basis and the price for November 2022 supplies would be about $13.5 
per MMBTU. We will be amending the gas sales contract accordingly. And we are currently 
producing about 11 million standard cubic feet of gas per day from D2 gas well. This allows us 
to deliver the full contract volume of 10 million standard cubic feet per day. 

 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Our priority now is to focus on resuming production from D1 oil well. Now that the weather 
conditions at B-80 location have improved, we will attempt to address the hydraulic leak issue 
in the triple SV line connecting D-1 oil well through a sealant option. In this method, specialty 
sealant is injected to seal the leak area. We have consulted technical experts and identified 
the specialist UK company to carry out the operation. This will involve importing sealant and 
mobilizing dive support vessel and experts. We would make our best efforts to execute the 
operations in December. We will notify as soon as the oil production from D1 is resumed. 
As we noted, since mid-July, as the monsoon weather picked up, we have seen multiple 
connecting systems failure. The permanent solution will require us to engage a reputed firm 
to perform a comprehensive engineering of the system, including all required analysis. We 
need to procure new floating and under bouy hoses to withstand the roughness of the 
monsoon weather. And this permanent rectification and replacement work is planned to be 
carried out during this fair weather season. 
Moving on to Dirok, Dirok has performed well during Q2 both in terms of volume and value. 
At volume level, compared to Q1 average of 25 million standard cubic feet per day, we 
achieved average daily gas sales of 34 million standard cubic feet per day. Further, the share 
of premium gas sales increased marginally to 45%, and the premium gas sales we realize the 
minimum $1 premium over the applicable government notified price of $6.1 dollar per 
MMBTU. 
At Dirok, our strategy remains focused on value over volume. We have initiated the site 
grading work in the difficult forest segment for the proposed 18-inch pipeline, that is from 
Dirok gas to Duliajan marketing hub independently without relying on Oil India pipeline 
network. This will enable connecting with the Northeast gas grid in future, significantly 
enhancing the market size for Dirok gas. In our other assets, there are no significant 
developments during Q2. We are continuing the small volume of gas sales to GAIL from PY-1 
that was recommenced in May 2022. In Cambay assets, while production operations are 
continuing, final execution of ringfenced PSC for R2 area by government is still awaited. 
At Kharsang, normal production operations are continuing. Government is insisting the 
contractor parties to accept the government position on cost recovery limits as a condition 
precedent for PSC extension. Discussions are still ongoing between government and the 
operator. 
In other Northeastern blocks, Kherem and Umatara, the regulatory process for forest and 
environmental clearances are continuously being pursued with government. In greater Dirok 
block, G&G evaluations are being in progressed to release the potential drilling locations. 
I now invite Jeeva to share the financial. 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Thanks, Elango. We report that the company made a total revenue of Rs.81.69 crores in the 
current quarter against Rs.70.19 crores in the previous quarter. In the consolidated accounts, 
it is Rs.125.79 crores against Rs.91 crores in the previous quarter. 
If we take the revenue for half year for `22-23, it is 215.83 crores comparing Rs.76.93 crores 
in the corresponding previous period. This increase in revenues mainly from increasing gas 
sales and B-80 gas sales from 4th June to 14th July for about 40 days, that is Rs.82.81 crores 
including the revenue on by MOPU and FSO. 
Increase in price for gas and oil for Dirok contributed about Rs.55 crores in the half yearly 
account of '22-23. Though an increase in the top line, It could not translate into profit due to 
shutdown of B-80 for over 110 days since 14th July to 31st October. Therefore, the standalone 
profit after taxes is Rs.6.57 crores against Rs.34.21 crores in the previous quarter. In the half 
yearly account, it is Rs.40.77 crores and the corresponding previous period is Rs.29.11 crores. 
In the consol accounts, the profit after tax is Rs.17.71 crores against Rs.32.35 crores in the 
previous quarter. In the half yearly consol accounts, it is Rs.50 crores comparing Rs.28 crores 
in corresponding previous period. 
In effect, continuous production from B-80 is inevitable to have an improved and sustained 
bottom line of the company. The total expense of standalone including DDA is Rs.75.12 crores 
comparing Rs.35.98 crores in the previous quarter. Half yearly is Rs.111.11 crores for '22-23 

 
 
Page 3 of 19 
comparing Rs.35.68 crores in the corresponding period. The total expenses in the consol 
accounts including DDA Rs.105.71 crores comparing Rs.59.08 crores in the previous quarter. 
Half yearly is Rs.164.79 crores for '22-23 comparing Rs.47.8 crores in the corresponding 
period. Operating costs accounted for B-80 in the consolidated accounts for '22-23 including 
MOPU and FSO is Rs.72.52 crores. Finance costs and DDA is Rs.35.16 crores, which makes a 
total of Rs.107.68 crores out of Rs.164.79 crores in the half yearly accounts. The major chunk 
of expenditure is flowing through B-80. 
EBITDA in consol accounts for this quarter is Rs.46.16 crores comparing Rs.52.97 crores in the 
previous quarter. Half yearly accounts for '22-23 is Rs.99 crores comparing Rs.41 crores in the 
previous period.  
Consequent to the commencement of production from B-80 field with  gas well effective 04th 
November. and with the commencement of oil well in B-80, a meaningful profit will be 
reported in tandem with the top line of the company. As these assets are capitalized, revenue 
and cost mismatch are expected to be reduced substantially on commencement of D1 well. It 
is a the fact that the costs are not linear to production, therefore, it is important to put D1 
well on production at the earliest opportunity. Continuous production from B-80 field is 
inevitable to have a revenue for offshore installation, MOPU and FSO and SPM owned by the 
wholly owned subsidiaries. On full production from B-80, with the support of ongoing high oil 
prices, the company can meet its obligations. 
Revenue mismatch is being addressed. The company is in the process of raising equity and 
debt capital to sort out the working capital issues and to embark on the development of 
dormant assets in the western region and PY-1. It is submitted that the G&G review has been 
completed for PY-1 and locations were released. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We take the first question from the 
line of Mr. Ritesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Just to clarify on B-80. You guys gave a clarification on the 3rd of November to the exchanges 
that the trials were on and that you would inform us when the sale would have started. And I 
think in the studies and representation, you have implied that on the 4th of November started. 
So, I just want to understand, have the sales actually started or other trials is still on and how 
should we be looking at it? 
 
P. Elango: 
The sales has started. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Just a small request, sir. Because you said in your press release also that you would inform the 
exchanges when sales would start and we didn't get the clarification until the results. So, if 
you could just keep us updated, would be extremely helpful. The other question is with 
regards to effectively speaking on D1. So obviously, we've had a whole host of problems with 
the actual execution of the B-80. If you could just let us know what is giving us the confidence 
that we can compete this by end of December given effectively, historically, we've been 
inconsistent in actually achieving our target base? 
 
P. Elango: 
Just to clarify, in our exchange release what we meant was that we will notify as and when D1 
oil production resumes. That is what we meant. When we notified on 4th November, the sales 
has commenced. Anyhow, maybe we have not clarified properly. So, what we meant was 
whenever we resume production from D1 oil, we will notify the exchanges. Coming back to 
D1, what we can learn this, whatever connecting systems that we've set it up, were not able 
to withstand the roughness of the monsoon. That is the fact. What we have tried to do 
unsuccessfully during the monsoon was to fix the problem through a temporary solution. 
When the weather improved, we were able to fix the connection to resume the gas 
production. We've also found a solution that hopefully can fix the problem for the oil well as 
well. In terms of execution, it is not a complex execution, but whether the methodology works 
or not, need to be seen as such. So, that is the explanation. Where our confidence comes as 

 
 
Page 4 of 19 
far as December timeline is concerned, the execution of the sealant option is not very 
complex, but I'd say effectiveness need to be tested only after we inject the sealer. But as I 
explained in my opening remarks, the permanent solutions will require an engineering to 
ensure that we upgrade the system by replacing some of the connecting hoses, etc., to 
withstand the monsoon weather next month. So, overall, our expectation is now that the 
weather is reasonably good, we don't anticipate any problem.  
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
So, effectively if I understand what we will be able to complete in December is effectively just 
doing sort of like quick fix if you will to get the production going and then we will undergo a 
more and longer process for a permanent solution, is that understanding right? 
 
P. Elango: 
If this solution work which we believe it will work, that will fix the problem, there's no other 
changes required. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
And in the event it does not, then? 
 
P. Elango: 
Then we like to go back to a more permanent solution looking at other engineering solutions. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
And then, if we have a level of confidence around being able to complete this in December, 
which then given effectively increases in prices in Assam which have started from Q3 onwards 
plus effectively the gas on board and hopefully D1 to start. Is there actually really a need for 
an equity raise, because ideally speaking dilution at these levels would not be ideal right? 
 
P. Elango: 
I’ll ask Jeeva to answer. 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
We are running an oil and gas company and have got 11 assets in the company. We are not 
running B-80 alone. So, whenever we raise capital at an appropriate price, we will  put all the 
blocks under development and to monetize the blocks at the current high oil prices. That's 
why we will be raising equity and debt as appropriate considering the development 
opportunities to pursue. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
So just to be clear, are we monetizing actually oil block at peak prices or are we raising equity 
at the company level? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
In both the assets. We have already taken AGM approval for raising debt as well as equity as 
appropriate… equity should be at a price and debt should be at a cost. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
So the equity in a listed entity. I am looking at exiting at the asset level, which is what you I 
think indicated? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
It is not. Oil and gas companies wherever they've got a highest participation,  want to bring a 
farm-in partner to dilute,. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Sivasankaran from Antique Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sivasankaran: 
A couple of questions. One, on the cost of repairs. After the September month, October so far 
and November, whatever we have spent and what do you plan as an estimate for fixing the 
D1 well as well? So, if I were to look at overall cost of having like normal production in B-80, 
what is the cost we are looking at before that normal production starts? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
The cost of repairs, which we are anticipating for the D1 well should be in the order of around 
$250,000, roughly about Rs.2 crores. And the expenditure incurred for fixing the repairs in 
November, which is also in the order of about Rs.2.5-3 crores.  Because of monsoon, we had 

 
 
Page 5 of 19 
to wait for some period. Now the intended repair to carry out the D1 well should be around 
Rs.2 crores 
 
Sivasankaran: 
And in the case of subsidiary if it's possible to give us a top line and EBITDA for last quarter? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Too much to predict at this stage. We wanted to put the field on production and it's having 
three combinations. We have to put all the wells on production. Second , we need to know 
what the gas price would be, what would be the oil price. So, I leave it to you to make the 
rough number by computing yourself. 
 
Sivasankaran: 
About the subsidiary in 2Q, what was the top line? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
That is the difference between the consol and standalone.  
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the Mr. Rohith Potti from Marshmallow. Please go ahead sir. 
 
Rohith Potti: 
So, just to continue on B-80. So, D1 from what I understand, if it works will be a permanent 
solution and D2 right now is a temporary solutions, is that correct? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
 Rohith, I would like to tell that there was a leak, leak got fixed. Now, what has happened  we 
don't have a spare hose with us at that point in time. Now, we would be procuring the spare 
hose for under buoy as well as  floating, which we will be stocked. Even if any subsequent leak, 
we will be able to use the new hose immediately. This costs about  $250,000 to $300,000. 
Now, we will be placing order for it and get it on board. 
 
Rohith Potti: 
This is you're talking about D2, right, the gas well? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
No-no, both the wells, D2 and D1, both are having oil production. So, to have a continued 
production from the field, we need to have FSO as well as under buoy and floating hose 
connected. There was a problem in the under buoy hose and floating hose which we fixed it 
now, but now we will be having a spare hose procured and ready if any subsequent problem 
arise, we will be able to install at the earliest. 
 
Rohith Potti: 
Just a little bit of confusion because in the AGM it was mentioned that we are looking for a 
temporary solution in D2 and we are procuring some additional materials which require six to 
nine months to procure it because of supply chain issues or delay because it takes time to 
produce that particular material and bring. So does that situation remain and follow up to 
what you said was if there is an issue in the next monsoon, it will be a similar issue, right, 
where in the rains we are not able to change it? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
What we are planning as such, this will be continuing according to us.If any problem arises, 
and before the month of May itself we will be changing with the new hoses in a way that we 
don't want to take risk in the monsoon. 
 
Rohith Potti: 
This new hose that you're talking about is, it's the same hose that we put right now or is it a 
product or something? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
It is a different type of hoses which is being engineered in a manner that suits to our 
requirement, by a company in Dubai, Beinit Energy. Once they come out with the 
specifications, we will place an order for it. 
Rohith Potti: 
Just a couple of questions on the capital raise. So in the AGM it was mentioned that in mid-
December… I don't remember the date but somewhere in December, we're looking to close 
the equity raising and maybe some amount of debt raising as well. So, I am just trying to 
reconcile the cash flows with the requirement for funds. So, we have Dirok which is 

 
 
Page 6 of 19 
functioning well and providing us a lot of cash flows. And we have D2 also providing cash flows 
and D1 also will provide cash flows, and these two will provide material cash flows along with 
the subsidiary. So if I could understand this better, so the capital raise, is it primarily going to 
be for expansion, or is it going to be for maintenance or is it going to be for B-80 repair or any 
other statutory payments, because I remember numbers of 75 and 50 that you had shared for 
statutory payments if I'm not mistaken. So, if you could explain further on how much cash we 
need exactly, because it seems like the operations will generate considerable amount of cash 
along with Dirok? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
We are having working capital issues, and we need to have money for expansion by drilling 
wells. We can’t keep assets dormant. You raised the issue in the AGM itself, we are  conscious 
about the dilution impact. At a price only we will raise the equity, and at the same time, we 
are endeavoring to raise some debt to overcome the working capital issues. With the new 
capital, we will ensure that will go only for the expansion of the development of assets which 
requires marginal capital like PY-1. 
 
Moderator: 
We take our next question from the line of Swechha Jain from ANS Wealth. Please go ahead. 
 
Swechha Jain: 
Actually, I just need a clarification. I think I joined the call little late. I may have missed it. I 
think somebody was asking about confirming the sales in D1 well, right. The gas sales have 
started again, right from 4th of November is what I wanted to understand. 
 
P. Elango: 
Yes, gas sales have started from 4th of November. In the announcement we only mentioned 
about we will notify again as and when the oil production starts. 
 
Swechha Jain: 
And the next clarification actually is a little bit of understanding, I'm a bit confused. I think 
what we are planning now is the temporary fix has been done, right. So now, we are going to 
do additional hose for which we are going to place an order with some company in Dubai. But 
I think you are also mentioning that we are planning to do some permanent fix and for which 
we are tying up with the UK company. So, I am a bit confused like are we looking at a 
temporary solution right now and then we're going to work towards a permanent solution or 
what we will do in December, that will be the permanent solution, I am confused as to how 
we're going to deal with this? 
 
P. Elango: 
Let me clarify for a minute for everyone. What we've observed is the system whatever we 
tested up, could not withstand the rough weather of the monsoon season. So, as the weather 
calm down, we have fixed the gas well and we will fix the oil well also with a solution. And we 
are confident that this solution will work during the bad weather period, and before that, as 
Jeeva was explaining, we will procure replacement materials and we will do whatever 
inspection required to prepare the systems to withstand the next monsoon. That will involve 
certain level of engineering, certain level of spares and processes based on what are the 
failures that we witness. So I hope that clarifies. 
 
Swechha Jain: 
Okay. So for the UK company that we're looking to engage, what will start that work on -- is 
that work on the D2 well because of which we are not able to extract the oil? 
 
P. Elango: 
First of all, we need to understand that gas well produce a certain amount of oil. Whatever oil 
that we produce, need to be exported to the floating storage facility that we have in the field 
through the SPM which need to function through the connecting process. So, these are very 
critical systems for production from either of the wells. So, on the UK company what we 
mentioned was that the UK company has a specialized sealant which will seal the leak areas, 
that is what we are going to do in December and the entire system will function. Before the 
next monsoon, we just want to ensure everything is inspected thoroughly to withstand the 

 
 
Page 7 of 19 
monsoon, any changes, any replacement that needs to be done then so that we get ready for 
the monsoon. 
 
Swechha Jain: 
And the total cost that you mentioned was approximately Rs.5.5 crores, right, 2.5-3 crores in 
fixing the repair and then you are going to spend additional 2 crores? 
 
P. Elango: 
Correct. 
 
Moderator: 
 We take the next question from the line of Manan Patel from Airavat Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Manan Patel: 
So, the first question is if I understand correctly, you mentioned that sale contract with GSPC 
has some changes in the pricing and 22% of oil which they bid, has now changed to one month 
price of IGX. So, is that understanding correct? 
 
P. Elango: 
Yes, what we have agreed with GSPC is in the Indian gas exchange, the prices are discovered 
through a competitive process for monthly sales, weekly sales, daily sales. We have agreed 
that we will adopt those prices to govern the sales in future. So, what we have agreed is exactly 
what you said. 
 
Manan Patel: 
So, does that not defeat the purpose of e-auction that we conducted, so GSPC might have bid 
extra and bought the contract and now they are saying that they cannot sell at these prices, 
so, it is at a substantial loss almost of $8, $9 towards at this point. So isn't that like a problem 
for us and does this result in renegotiating contract of B-80 with the subsidiaries for the 
operating costs as well, so if you can clarify on that? 
 
P. Elango: 
What we did through the e-auction is we went into a two-year contract with GSPC. Gas 
contract typically have a provision called take or pay, which if the buyer is not taking the 
volume, he still need to pay, normal standard is 75% on an annual basis. And if we don't deliver 
the volume, we need to pay a penalty for that. So take or pay or the corresponding clauses. 
So when we went with e-auction, we put it out there that in the first year, because we are 
aware when you commission a large offshore facility, there will be teething problems. So we 
put that there will be no take or pay or no supplier pay obligation in the first year, which means 
both the parties will do reasonable endeavors to supply and take the oil. We are in that first 
year. At the end of the first year period, which would be till March 2023, the first year 
continue. From April 2023, the second year comes into picture where the obligation for them 
to take the holding, at least 75% on an annual basis at the committed price comes into force. 
During the first year, both the parties agreed. So what happens in flipside is because we did 
not supply from mid-July to end-October, we didn't have to pay any penalty to GSPC because 
of that clause protection. GSPC is not a consumer, they are only an aggregator. They said look, 
at $20 there is no consumer in India willing to take the gas. Therefore, we can sell it to anyone 
we want. We thought the best way to deal with the situation is take the price of the exchange 
or I can go to the exchange and get the market prices. But we agreed on this. And we will see, 
we've got option to raise the volume after things stabilize to alternate customers also or get 
to a point where we will see how the market prices play out. Ultimately, as a company, we 
cannot expect more than what the market is willing to do. 
 
Manan Patel: 
There was a substantial jump if I notice from our annual report in other financial liabilities, so 
almost Rs.90 crores and then there are other payables of Rs.57 crores. So, these are entirely 
new items on our balance sheet. So, if you can help us understand what are these things for? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
This is basically working capital issues. Some of those financial liabilities  which is a long-term 
borrowing. HDFC loan, left out period of repayment 18 months, out of which  12 months, have 
to move from long term to short term. So, that is where the short-term liabilities are more. 
Other than that, some of the working capital issues which we have to address. 

 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Manan Patel: 
That will be largely taken care from the cash flows or debt raising that you do that you explain, 
right? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
I agree there is a working capital mismatch. There is a cost and revenue mismatch which has 
to be  corrected. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Mr. Karan Mehta from Mirdar. Please go ahead. 
 
Karan Mehta: 
So, I just wanted some clarification related to the permanent solution. So, any major challenge 
that you foresee while implementing the permanent solution? 
 
P. Elango: 
I think the word temporary and permanent created some confusion. All we're trying to do is 
to ensure the system performs without any failures both during fair weather window period 
as well as the rough monsoon period. So, based on our initial experience, whatever we have 
created in the first time, could not really withstand the roughness of the monsoon. As the 
weather improved, we were able to fix some of the issues and bring one well on production. 
We will do what is the right technical solution to bring the other well on production, then 
before the next monsoon comes which is typically May, June, before that, we will ensure that 
all other replacements or certification, engineering is all performed so that the facilities are 
ready for this full monsoon to handle the production level. 
 
Karan Mehta: 
So, I will just clarify once again. So, are we quite confident of the outcome while implementing 
the permanent solution? I got the temporary solution part. 
 
P. Elango: 
Obviously, when we choose the solution, we do consult the experts and take their 
recommendation and implement, right. So unless we are confident, we will not choose an 
option. 
 
Karan Mehta: 
Just wanted some details on the progress of the fundraising activity that we were to conduct 
after the AGM? And also one clarification that whether this fundraising will be on company 
level or field level? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Any equity raising could be only at the company level. And that's what we plan for it. Any debt 
raising is also at the company level… both at the company level.  Wherever we have got more 
participating interest, we want to dilute and reduce our risk exposures at the asset level. We 
will be doing it at appropriate time and at  right price. 
 
Karan Mehta: 
So, we have begun this. So, have we found the investors, like if you can throw some light on 
the progress of the fundraising activity? 
 
P. Elango: 
I think it is a process as such and it will continue at the moment. So, as soon as we reach some 
conclusions, we will let you know. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Tejas Shah from Unique Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
A lot of confusion is there between the investors for permanent, temporary. I think you need 
to clarify, one, is like your D1 the in the line issue which was supposed to be replaced for the 
D1 point to flow, which was using pressure, that is one part, not connected with your weather 
window. And second is the hose which is connected from the manufacturing of oil to your ship 
storage, that is a different part. People are confused over there. So, if you can through proper 
light on that, people will all get addressed? So, the problem right now what we are facing is 
your oil which is to be shipped from the manufacturing to the ship, that line connecting pipe, 

 
 
Page 9 of 19 
that has problems. Now that is getting soiled what I'm understanding by ordering new and 
temporary fix is done. I am expecting from your conversation is, it will be there before the 
month of May. It is still not on the purchase order but you will receive it by the month of May 
and you will fix it before your weather window gets over. Can you throw some light on the D1 
actuator line which was supposed to be replaced by getting it on the surface and replacing 
some parts and again putting it back? 
 
P. Elango: 
Thank you Mr. Shah. Let me answer the last part first, which is the D1 line. D1 line as you 
rightly observed had a pressure loss. The pressurization is required to keep the well on open 
condition, the pressure was not holding, we did some diving, identified there is a hydraulic 
pressure loss. Now, there were two solutions for that. One is you lift it and completely replace 
the line. The other what we have found from the market is to inject a sealant that will seal the 
leak area because the leak is very, very minor in nature and this is hydraulic. So, after 
consulting expert, this solution is found to be working in other parts of the world and we want 
to implement that solution in December. We identified the form, we identified the chemical 
consultants, the expert will do that. Once the leak is fixed through sealant option, then that 
will hold. There is no reason for any kind of replacing the line at all, then the oil production 
comes back into stream. Now, the other part of your question which is the whole FSO and 
SPM system is required for both the wells. If hoses got damaged and it has been fixed now. So 
it can now take care of both the wells as and when both the wells are in production mode. 
One of them is already on production or as soon as this D1 wells comes on production mode, 
the FSO-SPM system is fully functional. So that clarifies. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
That will take the pressure of that 4,000 barrels of oil which you're planning to produce. Am I 
right? 
 
P. Elango: 
Correct. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
If let us say in December, the first solution does not work, do we have the chance to get that 
uplift to the subsurface and replace the part and again put it back before the month of June? 
 
P. Elango: 
Yes, we will be able to do that. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
The second question is now the Indian Gas Exchange what you said, now that has gone down 
to 13.5. If you can share, what is the average price for the last four, five months, what will be 
the average price that we normally will get from this thing like $10, $11, what is the history, 
throw some light we understand, at what price we'll be able to get the money out of it? And 
if you can throw some top line what you can generate? 
 
P. Elango: 
I don't have the data for the last four months exchange prices. But overall, currently, there is 
a volatile market. There is some increased volume in the market. Once that gets absorbed, 
then the prices is expected to go up further because the government notified prices itself is at 
$9 now, and we're seeing a general premium of about $5 more than the government prices 
at the exchange level. Now, exchange also in the last six months when the good volumes are 
being traded in the exchange after ONGC come on to the exchange. So, over the next six 
months, we will get a better idea on how the prices would be. But having said that, we are 
only concerned about the remaining period between now and March 2023, and we are 
delivering to Gujarat, which is the most premium market. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
So, basically you are saying all the government notified price on an average we will get $4 to 
$5 premium. So, for the next six months, I think the price is fixed around $9, correct, around 
$13 to $14 you will get by default? 
 
P. Elango: 
Correct. 

 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ritesh Parikh from Absolute Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ritesh Parikh: 
Sir, just firstly, on the D2. Since we had awarded to the GSPC based on that auction, so, what 
will be the second best person who had bid would have been preferred rather than accepting 
a lower price of $13 or the market mechanism price? 
 
P. Elango: 
Right now, the participants in our e-auction were mainly aggregators of the gas, let's say three 
participants who have bid at high level, the last two participants if I can disclose, they were 
competing bids was between GSPC and GAIL, both are aggregators of gas and all others are 
actual consumers. One of the important things for us is to ensure there is a continuous 
production and offtake that takes place, That reliable offtake will be ensured only by 
aggregator who has the ability to put capacities as in GAIL. If I reach one individual consumer, 
then I will be exposing our field production, let's say that consumer plant shut down, I'll be 
exposing myself to the plant. So, our preference will be to aggregator. Now, between both 
these aggregators, just based on the market prices, we are convinced that the exchange 
discovers the current market price in India through a very wide participation. The volume 
traded in the exchange is almost 10 times of our volume. After figuring out all that only, we 
agreed for this arrangement. 
 
Ritesh Parikh: 
Second is regarding D1. So, we are still under process or we have to place the order for the D1 
rectification as such? 
 
P. Elango: 
We will place the order. We are in the process only now. 
 
Ritesh Parikh: 
But we are confident that it will be ready by December end? 
 
P. Elango: 
Correct. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N Square Capital. Please go ahead 
sir. 
 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
We have had close to one and a half year of delay in B-80. Delay in offshore oil projects is a 
very normal thing. So I'm not disappointed with that. But the way management has handled 
that delay, we talk about quick fixes, we talk about working capital challenges, the whole 
approach seems to be very short term-ish, which shows lack of commitment of management 
as well as board. So, is there any gap in my understanding and why is this happening? Because 
the prices we are getting is definitely going to be way beyond what we had anticipated. 
 
P. Elango: 
Those are very strong words. These are your perception. So I will leave it at that. 
 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
But short term working capital challenges to execute offshore oil project seems very, very 
short term-ish approach. Why are we not capitalizing on our balance sheet? These delays were 
very much expected… I mean, it can happen in any of the oil projects. So why are we not fixing 
it? Why are we not adequately capitalizing our balance sheet anywhere on that? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Balance sheet is adequately capitalized as required. And any unforeseen situation comes such  
as no revenue from Rs.1100 crore assets for four months, that caused the mismatch, the 
mismatch is being addressed. If you call that is incompetency….. 
 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
I am not talking about incompetency. 
 
P. Elango: 
That's your perception. You can leave it to that. 

 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
So I'm not talking about incompetency, sir. I'm just saying that like a lack of commitment. Are 
we missing as an investor when we are so optimistic about the opportunity, why board and 
management is not so committed? That's what I'm trying to understand. 
 
P. Elango: 
Let's move to the next question, please. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Amit Mehendale from RoboCapital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Amit Mehendale: 
My question is on the equity fund raise. I think earlier participants had asked the question and 
probably the response was already sent. But since I have the opportunity I'll ask one bit again. 
The equity fundraise that we're doing, I think we appreciate that you the prices are better in 
terms of realizing the asset value of the block. But is there a possibility that we could dilute at 
the block level or is it technically or legally not possible? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
The dilution at the block level is an ongoing process  at the right price, at the right time… we 
don't have any blocks which are having high participating interest … only one block we hold a 
maximum of 60%, another one exploration block of 100%, another one producing block with 
100% block.. We will be continuously discussing with the people and at the appropriate price, 
we will be able to get a farm-in  partner. Farm in and farm out is a regular process. So, we 
cannot give a timeline and we cannot say that this is being done. But at the same time, to 
correct the mismatch in the working capital, we will be raising debt as required for it, and to 
embark on a development program, we will be raising equity. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Rohit Balakrishnan, ithought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Sorry to belabor on this point again, but on this point on taking a quick fix, just to clarify, I 
know you've clarified it well, but I think in the opening remarks, you mentioned that you are 
also appointing an reputed engineering firm so that they can evaluate and give you a report 
so that in the next monsoon systems and processes we are better equipped. And I think, in 
the AGM also, you'd mentioned this. And I think you'd also given the name of one of the 
contractors. So can you just clarify, this is in addition to whatever you mentioned, this is in 
parallel to whatever you've met in terms of sealing the approach that you're taking for D1 and 
the overall approach to rectifying D1 and then that you're planning as to replace it completely. 
This is in addition to the entire process. Is that understanding correct or -? 
 
P. Elango: 
Correct, in addition to that. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
What would the cost entail on -? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Cost of replacement 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
No, no, I'm saying, this this consulting engagement that you are planning to do, to get an 
overall view, what would be the cost of that, any idea right now? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Overall, we have small umbilical hydraulic hose issue in the D1. That is an umbilical with about 
10 cores, which gets connected to the subsea tree.  One core is having a leak, that goes to the 
surface control subsurface safety valve,  that we are going to fix with a sealant. That is a one 
type of a job on the D1. Now, to produce from the D1 and D2 well, we need the floating storage 
offloading, that is our FSO,  is connected with the single point mooring,. So, single point 
mooring is connected to the Pipe Line End Manifold with an under buoy hose. And from the 
SPM,  floating hose gets connected to the FSO. Now, what has happened? At the end of the 

 
 
Page 12 of 19 
under-buoy hose, there was a small leak. to avoid any issues, we shut the production and now 
we repaired it. Now, what we are planning, we will be having substantial quantity, this will be 
in pieces, that is 30 of 10 meters each, so that we will be having number of pieces, which can 
be assembled and get it into a floating hose as well as under-buoy hose. We will procure and 
stock it there. Before the monsoon to ensure abundant caution, we will replace it. And in the 
worst case, we will have another five or six of the small pieces of hoses will be there, which 
will be get connected if there is a leak in one to avoid the longer shutdown as happened in the 
past. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So you mentioned that all these would cost somewhere around 5-6 crores, right? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Right. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
I'm asking sir, we are also planning in general overall overview of our readiness and overall 
preparedness of the overall systems for the next monsoon, we are going for engineering. 
What would that cost is what I'm trying to understand? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
The engineering cost, it will be more or like the job which will be giving it to them. They will 
be charging man hour basis. We have mobilized the person to come to India and that person 
in India for that day, we will pay him $2,500. For low qualified or the young guy comes along 
with him, it will be costing about $700 to $800 per day. So normally we mobilize an expert and 
he will be having about the contingent of two to three guys, which will be costing about $4,000 
a day when all of them  in India. Similarly, when he does a review work at his place in Dubai, 
it will be little lesser cost and depends on the manpower, he actually spends on it. This is not 
going to be a high-cost item. The total exposure would be in the order of say around $100,000 
per season and in a year it will be around $200,000 maximum. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Banu Doshi, individual investor. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Banu Doshi: 
Any update on the PY-1 extension and feasibility study that we were to conduct before drill? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
PY-1 extension is there up to 5th December and before that, we will try to secure the further 
extension of the block. We carried out an extensive G&G review and now we have got 
locations ready. When we are having adequate to capital we will be embark on the drilling 
operations. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Sankal Gopalakrishnan from Motilal Oswal 
Private Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Sankal Gopalakrishnan: One, you said that we would do the expansion only after raising equity. Did I get it correctly? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Yes, I explained to you that we will be raising some equity and we have the internal accruals 
that would meet the entire expansion. As soon as we raise equity, we will go ahead with this. 
 
Sankal Gopalakrishnan: So, that can be an investment of about Rs.200 to 300 crores? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Not Rs.200 to 300 crores. We initially start with about $24 million expansion, followed by 
another $26 million. But initial, we start with the first well,which should be about $8 million. 
 
Sankal Gopalakrishnan: Can you repeat? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
$8 million. 
 

 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Sankal Gopalakrishnan: $8 million for the first well? Okay. So, the earlier investment which you made in these two 
wells have been in return of? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
That has paid off as such, but that is deepening of the existing well. Now, this would be a new 
well in an area other than the old wells. This would be our value creation for us for getting 
back the money invested in the block which is in the order of $383 million over a period. 
 
Sankal Gopalakrishnan: And therefore can take a couple of years to execute? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Each well take about 30-days drilling. So, if we continue drilling back-to-back which would be 
about three months and installing facilities would be taking about six months, in between the 
weather window is there, another six months, total about 18-months. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Siddharth from Optimum Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Siddharth: 
I just wanted to ask, like, once we have got the wells running, and we are going to be expensing 
all the items in the P&L, since the gas has already started flowing in, do we expect like 
breakeven at even $13 or do we see that till the time oil doesn't start we will be probably 
operating it at a loss? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Operating cost at 10 million cubic feet of gas with an oil of about say 300 barrels, it will be 
about $12 per MMBtu at the B-80 level. And if we take the revenue, which we'll be generating 
from our FSO and MOPU, this will be reduced to $5. In effect, at the consol level, we'll be 
making contribution even at the $14. We are going by only one well production, that is the D2 
well alone. 
 
Siddharth: 
So by just operating the gas well as a whole like we were initially saying that we can break 
even on B-80, considering that just the gas well is flowing. So just wanted to understand in 
terms of cost and income, let's say before we start the oil well, is still breaking in or till the oil 
well doesn't come online, we'll probably be operating at a loss? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
At the consolidated level, majority of the facilities are owned by us that is an FSO, MOPU and 
single point mooring system. Our operating cost, that is actually the marginal cost for this 
production is $5.35. So, anything beyond that is our contribution margin. 
 
Siddharth: 
So, you have the gas sale that has started, from the next quarter onwards we should be higher 
bottom line also? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
That's right. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Varun Agarwal from HS Capital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Varun Agarwal: 
Sir, can you also clarify that with the new pricing that exists for Dirok that was announced on 
1st October, what will be the revenue and contribution from Dirok on a quarterly basis? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
See, any increase in revenue, you can assume that would be the additional revenue up to 60%. 
The balance goes as to the royalty and cess to the oil produced. So, if you look at that previous 
price say about $7 and this is about $9, that is the percentage increase, in that you can take 
60% would be the contribution. It goes with the two caveats of continuing uptakes from the 
customers and price. Offtake some extent seasonal. One quarter maybe high and another 
quarter maybe less. 
 

 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Varun Agarwal: 
And just to clarify on B-80, you mentioned that you will have a quick fix with the sealant in 
December and then the permanent solution up and running by May. So for this permanent 
solution, have we identified what will be the permanent solution or that is something that 
once that engineering firm representative comes and we do the study and then we will figure 
out what the solution is or is it fairly straightforward to do it? And second is around if the parts 
are costing only Rs.6, 7 crores and given we have so much capital stuck here, why do we just 
not alter the parts, have we not ordered the parts in advance since a while back and have 
those parts ready to be fixed earlier, maybe we have tried in a long lead time, but just wanted 
to clarify that.? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Thanks for this question. We would like to clarify that, see in offshore and sub-sea, any leak 
comes, the leak is to be addressed to continue the production. How the leak is to be 
addressed? Get into the deeper water through the subsea diving support and get it fixed.  
Another option is where the leak is smaller one like a hydraulic leak, we apply some sealant 
and the sealant fixes the leak. So, the sealant cost is about $30,000. But to have the work at 
subsea, you need a dive support vessel, that costs . That also a small amount in the overall 
game. But monsoon is not in our control. So, once the monsoon period is over  we will have  
better weather, we can get some dive support vessel and go down and fix it. And in offshore, 
whatever the repair we carried out, most of them are permanent at that point in time. If 
subsequently something leaks, we have to go again and fix it . That is the nature of the 
business. These hose repai is not unusual to the business. This is normal to the business. As 
you rightly observed, now, we will be having enough stock of those hoses in the FSO and as 
well as in KGB some sealant and other materials and engaging with the right consultant, 
complete the job when a situation occurs. 
 
Varun Agarwal: 
Permanent solution has been identified or we will be identifying it in the next one? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Every solution which we work on it is more or less permanent there at that point in time. If 
any small leak comes, we have to look at whether we put a sealant or we go and tighten the 
nuts and bolts to arrest the leak. This is an umbilical and have more than 10 cores with small 
hoses. If one hose leaks in it, we have to go and fix it up. If all the hoses in umbilical, there is a 
problem, than we change the umbilical. But we are not at that  stage as yet. 
 
Varun Agarwal: 
So, you're essentially saying that the permanent with the stock of sealant? 
 
P. Elango: 
What you can assume that the fixations which we are going to make is a permanent one. 
 
Varun Agarwal: 
Which is essentially keeping a stock of sealants and hoses to solve as and when problems 
arise? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
If problem comes, we wanted to have one spare hose of about 225 meters We are going to 
procure at a cost of $250,000 which will be onboarded the vessel to address  any such episode 
happens. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Jaisa Shah, individual investor. Please go ahead 
 
Jaisa Shah: 
What is the expected top line after December from the D1, D2 and Dirok, if you can throw 
some light approximate in terms of Indian rupees? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
At Assam, right now the revenues in the order of Rs.62 crores. That may increase with the 
increased gas price subject to the offtake of the gas,. So, accordingly, if the price difference is 
say 20%, than 62 croes will become 20% more.  The price is now known for next six months, 
you have rightly observed, that should be around 30% increase in expected revenue in Assam 
provided the offtake is continuing as happened in the last period. B-80 as such, there are two 

 
 
Page 15 of 19 
wells one is underproduction and  we have to fix the D1. Second thing we should know the oil 
price, and third the gas price as such. These three things are unknown. Unless D1 get done, 
projecting something is not correct on our side, and we will let you know in the next quarter 
with numbers. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Uday Varankar, individual investor. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Uday Varankar: 
Regarding PY-3, there has been an update. I think the operator is trying to secure one FPSO 
from Norway. So, since you are also shareholder in that, do we have any additional update if 
we have secured that FPSO, or we are planning something on that side? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
PY-3, we have not. If any update comes, we will let you know in the next quarter. 
Uday Varankar: 
Additionally, any new fields we are going to bid for? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
As such, nothing has been announced. If anything, comes then our team will evaluate. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Sushil Agarwal from MCC. Please go ahead. 
 
Sushil Agarwal: 
I have only two points. One is regarding the FSO and this subsea valve and actuator. We are 
operating in an oil and gas construction company. Normally, whenever we are getting 
equipment, these are designed for 100 years from conditions and they are factory tested at 
site so that there is no offshore failures or negative. So, why these equipments are failing in 
the first year itself? 
 
P. Elango: 
Good question, Mr. Agarwal. You are right. Companies like ONGC would adopt that kind of a 
standard. I think we all need to keep in mind, this field B-80 was discovered sometime in the 
mid-80s and ONGC found uneconomic to develop. That is why I came under a bidding 
arrangement as a discovered small field. Obviously, we need to keep in mind during the 
development process, overall economics of the field which means the overall cost is there. 
Now, on that basis, we allowed a particular model, and after the monsoon we understood 
that, yes, there are certain things we need to do slightly different things which we will need 
to do. But overall our objective was to ensure how do we develop this field in the most cost 
effective manner and also as early as possible. Now, we started the journey. Obviously, there's 
been delays that happen because of multiple reasons. But the approach that we chose was 
with a conscious selection process. Otherwise, the field itself would not come for 
development. 
 
Sushil Agarwal: 
Umbilical has 10 cores and there is leakage in 1 core. If sealant is not working, then can we 
use other core for operating this actuator or we will have to essentially replace the umbilical 
itself? If that is the case, then, it's better to monitor that umbilical because otherwise we may 
miss this good weather period again. 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
If I explain to you properly, the umbilical is less than a kilometer. Umbilical hose which has 
more than 10 cores each core is having a different size such as for chemical injection is 
different in size comparing surface control safety valve.  Each one is having a different size,  
we don't have any spare port for the surface controlled subsurface safety valve.  We are 
looking for the sealant and the Sealant should work. If the sealant doesn't work  we will be 
pulling the tree cap and  tighten to arrest the leak. We wanted an optimum solution, that is 
sealant, that will work. In either case, we need a DSV and saturation diving is required. We are 
waiting for fair weather. Now, the fair weather starts in December and we will be doing the 
repair work in D1. 
 
Sushil Agarwal: 
My only point for this is that if it does not work and we'll be in December. 

 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
If it doesn't work, we pull the tree cap and then we'll tighten the joint. We are not having 
umbilical directly connected, we have a flying lead. The leak is only at the flying lead. So that 
we change the flying lead ,in a manner that gets connected with tree without any leak. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Natwar Gupta from Aplite Capital. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
 
Natwar Gupta: 
Hi, my question relates to the fundraising. So what is the timeline for it? And what quantum 
of money are you planning to raise? And then, if we can break it down to the use of the funds, 
how much in CAPEX, how much in working capital, and how much do we pay debt, so, if you 
can just throw some light on that? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Quantum approved by the shareholders is Rs.250 crores. So, that is the number. We intend to 
raise this within a period of say three months. End use  for a major portion goes for the 
development of PY-1 -drilling of wells and for working capital. We need about say Rs.100 
crores. If we are able to continue production from two wells D1 & D2 well, and revenue comes 
in, we will be having at the end of the three months some surplus cash, which will be again 
used for further development. So, in essence, over a period of six months, the entire equity 
capital raised will be put on development use. 
 
Natwar Gupta: 
So now, the first the Rs.250 crores that you're planning to raise is that totally going to be 
equity or you did mention that it could be debt as well. Now, what is the price at which you 
will issue equity? And would it be a rights issue? Or is it the new shareholder? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
We have to be fair to our stakeholders. When we look at equity fundraising, we should be fair 
both to the new equity holders who are coming into the business, as well as the long-term 
existing shareholders. We Keep that in mind. 
 
Natwar Gupta: 
I'm a minority shareholder. At a lower price, I would like to participate rather than someone 
new coming in and I'm getting diluted down at a very low price. 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
I fully agree with you. Our dilution for a value and not at any cost. That's what we keep it in 
mind. 
 
Natwar Gupta: 
It certainly won't be a rights issue. It will be a new shareholder? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
We will come back with you at the appropriate time. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Sivasankaran from Antique Limited. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Sivasankaran: 
Sir, the D2 well, when you're producing gas as of now, you said there is some oil also coming. 
So there's some number currently we're producing and storing. 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
At the 10 million cubic feet we are getting around 300 barrels per day. 
 
Sivasankaran: 
So currently that is being stored in this? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
It is stored in the FSO. 
 
Sivasankaran: 
As far as the GSPC contract is concerned, this IJX basis is only for the next five to six months. 
Once the second year kicks in, we will go back to the original contract or how is that? 
 

 
 
Page 17 of 19 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Correct. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Right now, can you comment on the volumes at Dirok so far in this quarter? 
 
P. Elango: 
Volume has been pretty similar to the last quarter. 
 
Ashwin Reddy: 
But have we added any new customers in Dirok in terms of customer base including? 
 
P. Elango: 
Not new customers, but the existing customers are continuing to take the volume similar to 
the last quarter at least in – 
 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Second question is on PY-3. So last time, what I recall, there was a plan that was given to you 
or the costing was given to you from the existing operators for PY-3, which you thought was 
too high is what I understood in the last time you mentioned. Has there been any progress in 
how you would want to deal with PY-3? 
 
P. Elango: 
We've been focused on B-80, not really involved in the PY-3 development. 
 
Ashwin Reddy: 
The last question is on B-80. So for the D1 well, is it safe to assume that irrespective of the 
first solution through a sealant or the second solution that you plan to do, will this get done 
before March, April of next year? 
 
P. Elango: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
We move to the next question from the line of Mr. Sharan Sharma, individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Sharan Sharma: 
Given the high prices we've seen and we've lost that window, are we seeking damages to the 
delay on account of B-80 from the supplier or any other manufacturer, service provider? 
 
P. Elango: 
No. 
 
Sharan Sharma: 
Sir, just as a suggestion. Even if your D1 plans get delayed or it gets pushed out or something, 
can I please request at least the communication coming out on the status rather than filings, 
please? I think communication could have been better and should be better please. 
 
P. Elango: 
Sure. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next follow up question from the line of Mr. Manan Patel from Airavat Capital. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Manan Patel: 
One question on Dirok. So, now, I have seen some update that we have started grading and 
site clearing for the pipeline. So, is that laying of pipeline contingent on the Indradhanush gas 
grid or we will start playing pipeline and also drilling additional wells parallely? 
 
P. Elango: 
It is not contingent on that. This pipeline, when we complete, would allow us to connect with 
all our customers directly. Right now, we are using the Oil India pipeline and obviously. In Oil 
India, when there is a demand Oil India first would allocate its own volume before allowing 
our volume to be supplied. By having our own independent line, that issue will be addressed. 
So, this is irrespective of Indradhanush. But most important thing is, this ensures in future we 
will have a connectivity in Indradhanush. 

 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Manan Patel: 
But the wells we will drill after the Indradhanush pipeline comes in on line, right? 
 
P. Elango: 
After consistent offtake is established, only we will do the well drilling. 
 
Manan Patel: 
There was some update on Kirit Parikh Committee that the new changes will apply to all types 
of gas including the APM. So, does that apply to our B-80 gas as well, if you have some idea? 
 
P. Elango: 
Right now, we believe the committee is only deliberating, no recommendations have been 
made about it. So, we really don't have any clue. As far as this six months, price has already 
been notified by the government, that is effective 1st October $8.57 per MMBTU price has 
been notified, that will be valid till March. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pashaveer, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Pashaveer: 
Just wanted to understand on the equity raising. Would the current shareholders of the 
company be allowed to participate in the same or would it be at a higher level? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
We have not come out with any fixed mode of raising equity. We will inform you at the 
appropriate time. 
 
Pashaveer: 
Is rights issue also an option that can be considered? 
 
R. Jeevanandam: 
All options are being evaluated and we will come out with the right option at the right time. 
 
Pashaveer: 
I really appreciate all the hard work put in by the management and the entire team of HOEC 
because this is not an easy thing, from past five years, you guys have been continuously 
working towards it with very good commitment levels. So, really appreciate the efforts and 
the commitment that the company has been showing towards the assets and to create value 
for the shareholders. 
 
Moderator: 
 We take the next question from the line of Jangu Fita, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Jangu Fita: 
My question is regarding PY-1 field. Hardy, the operator now also because they had filed a suit 
against HOEC or HOEC has got the operatorship of PY-1, because it's oil producing field 
because of small problems regarding that 14th March that we were shut in 2011. So that's 
what I wanted to know. 
 
P. Elango: 
There are two fields in eastern offshore. One is PY-1 which is 100% owned and operated by 
HOEC -. 
 
Jangu Fita: 
I'm sorry that I'm mixed up. PY-1 is the gas field na which we supply gas to GAIL India. 
Previously, we were supplying it to a power plant. And because of that, there were a lot of 
issues. So what will be the status of PY-1? 
 
P. Elango: 
As I was saying, PY-1 is 100% owned and operated and we are supplying. We explained that 
earlier. PY-3 is operated by another company. We have a legal dispute with them. It is in the 
court. We can’t provide any update on that. Matter is sub judice. 
 
Jangu Fita: 
But sir, PY-3 field is now producing oil, it was shut down in 2011, after that it has stopped. 
 
P. Elango: 
It has remained shut down. 
 
Jangu Fita: 
There is no chance of that thing getting sorted out early? 

 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
P. Elango: 
We really don't have any update on PY-3. As I said we have a legal case And all we know is 
field is not on production as on date. 
 
Jangu Fita: 
But the previous two wells which we have drilled, there was gas being produced, are those 
gas wells now also operational? 
 
P. Elango: 
Yes, we are operating the wells and supplying the gas to GAIL. 
 
Moderator: 
 Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Elango for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
P. Elango: 
Our top most priority is to achieve sustained and stable production from both oil and gas sales 
of B-80. Our portfolio consist of significant discovered, but yet to be developed resources 
across PY-1, Dirok, Assam and Cambay assets. For the last few years, all our capital investment 
and management focus have gone exclusively to B-80, delaying development and 
monetization of other discovered resources in our portfolio. Focus of the proposed fund raise 
is to have access to capital so that all project can be progressed simultaneously rather than 
sequentially. Once the company is infused with additional capital and technical resources, it 
can embark on its next phase of production growth comfortably. Thank you for joining. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
