 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12‐6‐214/A‐1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91‐8532‐238704, Fax: +91‐8532‐238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
Date:17th November 2022  
 
Corporate Relationship Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 05th Floor,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No: C/1, G Block,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400001  
Mumbai – 400051  
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub: : Intimation U/R 30 of the SEBI(LODR) Regulations ‐ Transcript of Q2 H1 FY23 Conference Call 
Ref: Stock Code: NSE: SHILPAMED/BSE‐530549  
 
In furtherance to our intimation dated 12th November 2022 & 14th November 2022 with regard to the Q2 
H1 FY23 Conference Call held on Monday , 14th November 2022 at 11.30 AM IST, please find the enclosed 
transcript of the call.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
For SHILPA MEDICARE LIMITED 
 
 
 
Ritu Tiwary 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
RITU 
TIWARY
Digitally signed 
by RITU TIWARY 
Date: 2022.11.17 
14:40:41 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
  
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited  
Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 Siddharth R: 
Good morning, everyone and welcome to the con call hosted by the management of 
Shilpa Medicare to discuss the quarterly performance and strategic initiatives 
underway. The management is being represented by Mr. Omprakash Innani, 
Chairman of Shilpa Medicare; Mr. Vishnukant Bhutada, Managing Director; and Mr. 
Alpesh Dalal, Chief Financial Officer.  
 
Mr. Vishnukant Bhutada will lead the discussion with thoughts on the business model 
and strategy. He will be followed by Mr. Alpesh Dalal, who will elaborate on the 
financial performance. There will be an opportunity to get your queries addressed at 
the end of the opening remarks from the management.  
 
I would like to share, at this point that certain statements made on today's call could 
be forward-looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard, has been 
mentioned in the earnings presentation, which is available on the stock exchange 
website. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Vishnukant to take the discussion forward. Thank you. 
And over to you, sir. 
Vishnukant B: 
Thanks, to all. And thank you for taking the time and joining us on the call today to 
discuss the second quarter performance of Shilpa Medicare Limited and strategic 
development on the business. I will share the updates with you segment by segment, 
and at the end of the discussions we'll have the Q and A session. 
For the ease of the reference, I will follow the same format as the previous call and 
share the incremental updates business segment wise. Shilpa Medicare as you know 
that it is present in a multiple segment, API, Formulation, ODF, Transdermal, and 
Biologics.  
As usual, I will commence with the API. Within the API, we offer Oncology, Non-
Oncology, Peptide, Polymer, CDMO and Intermediates. In this, the business 
approach, we have focused initially on a complex Oncology products and high end 
on the Non-Oncology offerings. As on 30th September 2022, we had about 40 plus 
Onco APIs and 18 plus non-Onco APIs in the market, along with around 219 DMFs 
file across the geographies. In the US, EU, these are all segments and including the 
ROW markets, we have filed our DDMS, including Canada, Japan, Russia, LATAM, 
and China. 
In our Oncology business, where we enjoy the leadership positions in number of the 
products. We work on optimizing our operations by continuously improving our 
processes and enhancing the best size of the Q molecule to retain the competitive 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
edge. On the non-Onco front, we have now commercialized few key molecules, 
which we started working on the last few years. Now we have started the 
commercialization 
of 
products 
like 
Acetylcholine, 
Phenylephrine, 
UDCA, 
Ursodeoxycholic acid, et cetera. And we are now taking at least another three 
products maybe before December to see that these are all three products at least we 
will take the exhibit batches and which will help us to grow our revenue in non-
oncology for the next years. So, every year at least four to six products will be added 
in the non-Oncology segments. 
Our efforts on the Peptides have started showing the promising results with our first 
peptide product, having complete plant validation, during this quarter. We have five 
more products in a various stages in this segment. Peptide being a very niche area 
in a complex area. Of course, it took little time, but we're happy to say that the 
technology which we adopt in the Peptide, very few companies are adopting this and 
our commercial plant is also for making this peptide is ready, from there only we are 
taking this exhibit batches. 
On the CDMO side, we are working on developing complex processes for MNCs of 
higher APIs, I'm happy to say that we have secured three new projects during this 
quarter. This revalidates Shilpa's capabilities in handling the complex sciences. I wish 
to reiterate here, that we're pursuing an initiative to enhance the competitiveness with 
the API, which includes strengthening backward integration into the internships, build 
improvements in existing APIs, and build upon the scale of the manufacturing. 
Moving on to Formulations. We produce Liquid and Lyophilized injectable sterile dry 
powder injectable and oral solid in Oncology and adjunct therapies. In additions, we 
have developed a portfolio of complex products for the international market. I am 
happy to share that this quarter, we have launched two new products in the European 
market Pemetrexed RTU injection, which is a first of its kind in the world. No one has 
the ready to use Pemetrexed injection. Other people's, one or two people have ready 
to dilute, but we have RTU injections. And in Europe, we have received the approval 
already and we have launched also commercially in the last quarter. In the US we 
have filed this particular product and we are hoping to get this, the clearance, maybe 
this quarter or the next quarter. And the Prucalopride also we have launched in the 
European market.  
Also, as an update to what I have mentioned in the last call, we have now received 
CDSA approval for the Tranexamic acid tropical hemostatic spray, which is a first of 
its kind in the world. This Tranexamic acid is known for the hemostatic properties, but 
normally people take orally and in injection. The first time the development of the 
hemostatic spray will pave away to the, including into the army, dental surgeries, 
injuries, trauma, there are various applications can be used this Tranexamic acid 
spray. And this will give a very good opportunity to launch into the India, ROW, EU 
and US markets. 
Additionally, we have not received and now we have received the tentative approval 
for Tenofovir Alafenamide tablet, as of first to file submission of the NCE-1 of course, 
the launch date is much later.  
So, on the regulatory front, our Jadcherla facility was recently inspected by the 
Canadian and Australian Authority and the Analytical Services Division at Nacharam, 
Hyderabad received already the EIR from the US FDA. As far as the import alert, at 
of our Jadcherla facility is concerned, we are still awaiting the response from the US 
FDA and we'll update as soon as we hear anything from them. To elaborate more on 
the US FDA, we have completed our all-remediation measures. And as per the 
procedures and the commitment given to the FDA, we're submitting all our reports, 
including the third-party reports to the FDA. Now, we have completed all remediation 
measures suggested by the third party, including in-house, whatever the findings, 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
whatever we have done, we have submitted to the FDA already. And we are waiting 
for now to hear from them on the inspection. I'm happy to share that none of the 
consultants, or none of the any auditor, or none of the third parties have suggested 
us to withdraw any ANDA, which has been filed recently. After verifying (inaudible 
0:08:22) data, no strategy, no micro relations has been found by any of the inspectors 
in our, the inspection. 
The inspections of the Canadian and Australian Authority was triggered only on basis 
of FDA and we requested them to come and inspect our facility, which they came 
and inspected the facility. None of them have shown any critical observation. Of 
course, a minor observation, which can be addressable, and we are soon to submit 
all this replies by this month or next month, early. 
As on 30th September, we have 188 products with the approved status in the 
selected market. These dossiers were to have filed. To the addition to this, we have 
242 products pending approval across various market in the world. 
Moving forward over R&D expenses continuously working towards the developing of 
ISO ( (b)2)s, and complex generics. As it has been a trend for us we look forward to 
monetize our researched effort through out-licensing this products to the strategic 
partner. And this has shown that except last quarter, some of the licensing has been 
made. But some quarters you are seeing the licensing revenues is coming into some 
quarters, will be more, some quarters will be little lesser. 
In ODF and transdermal segments, we have combo like, which is a first of its kind 
line in the country. We have 22 products in ODF and 6 in the transdermal segment 
of which 4 products we are commercializing for the US market in this quarter. This 
would be a aim at both the India and the global market and represents a healthy but 
niche opportunity where there is a large untapped need among the patient for such 
offering. And transdermal patch and the oral dissolving films have shown a great 
interest in the value additions of the existing products and recently we have 
mentioned that our ODF facility has already been inspected by the UK MHRA and 
was approved by them. And the recent we have registered our products, the 
nutraceutical products in the US and this quarter we are launching these products in 
the US also. 
Moving along, we are pursuing Biologic segments as well, where there is objective 
to produce the difficult to make the products at our world class facility in Dharwad. 
We have completed Phase 3 human clinical trials of the high concentration 
Adalimumab, which is first of its kind in India. We expect to launch in this market in 
the Q4 post receipt of the Requisite Regulatory Approval. 
In Biologics, this is a segment, which has a long gestation period. Now we have came 
almost to the end where we got the Phase 3 approval of the Adalimumab. We are 
completing another one or two molecules, one more, another one molecule will go 
for the Phase 3, now, in the next quarter, once we submit to the RCGM already 
approval has been received for the application and we'll soon start the Phase 3 study 
in the next quarter, which is also none of the Indian companies has got the approval 
on  (inaudible 0:11:49) 
Of course, this trials and all will take another one year, but I'm happy to share such 
a difficult molecule has been cracked by our R&D division at Biologics. And to 
continue to look the CDMO segments also at our Dharwad facility just to monetize 
the early book so, whatever the other products will take, it's time to launch into the 
India as well as the other markets. Meanwhile, we are trying to see that the CDMO 
opportunity, whatever we can get it from this various India as well as from the other 
customers we continue to look at the CDMO agreements, at our Dharwad facility and 
check to growth this business through strategic tie ups. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Shilpa Medicare is following a differentiated model within Pharmaceuticals. The key 
competitiveness in the complex products across the value chain in several segments, 
we are offerings in the final stage of the market introduction and moving toward this 
superior business mix. The complex business it takes time and that complex 
business, majority of the developments has been completed or at the Phase 1, or at 
the Phase 3 table in the various segments. 
So, this we'll be trying to complete, these are all regular updates will be given at the 
respective area. We will soon update that also. With this, I come to the conclusion -- 
again, before that I wanted to emphasize on the third-party transfers of our products 
in the oral and injectable for the US market, where soon this quarter will be early 
before before March 2023, almost 6 products will be completed for the transfer and 
next year onwards, we will see that even with this FDA, if it is delayed or with any 
reason, at least we'll see that the 6 products will be launched in the next financial 
year. 
With this, I come  to the conclusion of my opening remarks and would request our 
CFO Alpesh to share the financial perspectives with you. Thanks for you all for joining 
this call. Thank you. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Thank you very much, sir. I welcome all of you to our earnings call for the quarter and 
a half year ended, September 30th. I'll briefly take you through the financial 
performance during the period under review.  
Now in quarter 2 of the current year on a consolidated basis, our revenues were at 
INR 267 crore as compared to INR 297 crore in Q2 of FY22. And our gross margins, 
were at 56% as compared to 66% in Q2 of last year. 
Now, this lower gross margins are primarily on account of the pricing pressures that 
we have witnessed in some of our key products in both API as well as Formulation 
segments. Also coupled with some cost increase in certain major products that we 
have got. So, to counter these pressures, the company has taken several cost 
rationalization initiatives on a proactive business and reduce the overall volatility in 
the business that we have. 
Now, we have also worked towards reducing our overall remedial costs for the 
Jadcherla site. And that has helped us in reducing the pressure on the margin as 
well. All these have resulted in EBITDA for the quarter at about, INR 17 crore on a 
consolidated basis, with margins of 6% and PAT for the quarter at (INR 19 crore), 
mainly impacted by higher finance costs and depreciation costs. 
Moving to the half yearly numbers. This revenues were at INR 537 crore as compared 
to INR 536 crore. So broadly it has been a flat period, on the comparative basis and 
the gross profit was at INR 316 crore with a 59% margin. EBITDA was at 8% and 
INR 45 crore was the number and PAT was at (INR 16 crore), for 6 months of this 
year. 
From a borrowing perspective, our gross borrowing as on 30th, September, 2022 
was at INR 802 crore compared to INR 835 crore at the end of September 2021. And 
the net debt was at INR 755 crore as compared to INR 814 crore at last year. With 
this brief update on our performance, other numbers are available in our investor 
presentation. 
 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
So, with this brief update, I would like to open the forum for Q-and-A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Niharika Jain from Aequitas Investment. 
Niharika Jain: 
Sir, regarding this Tranexamic acid, which we are talking about so is it like a patented 
product for us? And what kind of margins and price are we looking for this particular 
product? 
Vishnukant B: 
To answer on this, it's patented all over the world. We have some granted patent in 
some part of the world, some part of still it is going on, but we'll get this patent of the 
in the majority market. So, it's first off, its kind in the world. So, we have applied the 
patent for all over the world. The margins and all of course, you can understand that 
until and unless we launch this in all the market, we will not be able to comment. But 
as build the new and the niche products, definitely there will be handsome margins. 
Niharika Jain: 
Okay. And India, when are we planning to launch this particular product, or are we 
targeting more of like catering to US or global markets for this? 
Vishnukant B: 
No, no, it is for all market. It's a global market. India will, of course be here we will 
launch first, but specially ROW market will be opening, will be very early and we are 
in discussions also with some of the companies. So, I think India and ROW will be 
the first. Europe and US will be the second. 
Niharika Jain: 
Okay. And for the CDMO projects, three projects I think we have been awarded 
during this quarter. So what stage products are these? Like these are under 
development stage or preclinical or commercialization? The three products which 
you mentioned. 
Vishnukant B: 
I will not be able to comment because we have CDA with them, but I can tell you that 
some of the products, normally the CDMO works like a Phase 1 or Phase 3, Phase 
2. So, these are the molecules come to us and these are the totally new, either the 
totally NCE molecules will be there. Some are in the intermediate form; some are at 
the API level also. So that much I can tell you. But these are the NCE molecules, and 
it is at the various stage of this development from those who are developed these 
projects. 
Niharika Jain: 
Okay. And also, I think in last call you had mentioned that we are the first company 
to be qualified by for DRDO for some high energy polymer. So, have you already 
started supplying this? And again, what kind of margins and size are we looking for 
this? 
Vishnukant B: 
No, no, we are already started supplying to the DRDO on this, but their order, you 
can understand that getting at DRDO and accruing our products in their inner 
systems is challenging, but happy to share that they are used our material, they are 
happy, but they're placing the one by one the orders. We already delivered the one, 
now we're going to deliver the second order to them. And answering those specific 
questions, we're working with them. 
Niharika Jain: 
So currently it is not very much, even the size of it, which we have supplied or? 
Vishnukant B: 
No, I don't think I'll be able to specify that. But it is the slow process, that much I can 
tell you. And it'll maybe next one or two years down the line, this can have a 
substantial business for Shilpa. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
In the API business at our Raichur plant, last four or five years, we haven't seen much 
growth in the Oncology as well as non-Oncology segment. So, we had put up so 
much investment in the plant, but the ramp up hasn't been that great. So, what are 
the challenges we faced on the API side that is hindering our growth in this segment? 
Till now we can still understand the formulation because of US FDA, the impact is 
there. We haven't been able to ramp up that under API side also it seems the ramp 
up hasn't been that good. 
Vishnukant B: 
No, I don't think you are correct, ramp up is there. If you see the last two years growth, 
there is substantial growth in the API segment. What has happened, the CDMO 
business, which we're doing with the ISBCA, that INR 350 crore has been moved 
totally in last two years. So that we have replaced and still there is a growth. So, you 
can understand that there is a growth in the Onco, there is a growth in the non-Onco 
molecules. Of course, the INR 350 crore is the revenue which was there from the 
ISBCA that has gone away, but we have replaced that also, with this also. So that is 
why you are probably seeing it, that there is a growth, but not the substantial as for 
your definition. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And sir, on the ICE, do you think, we can again, get back some orders from 
them or that relationship is now over and there won't be any revenues from ICE? 
Vishnukant B: 
I think this year probably, maybe INR 25 crore, INR 30 crore, next INR 40 crore will 
be there. So, we are totally now, because we are starting our own Ursodeoxycholic 
acid also. So of course, that business will come, but slowly it'll be ran. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And sir, on the API side, we are seeing lot of players have entered the oncology 
segment and it has become a bit competitive. Any views on the competitive intensity 
on the Oncology side, especially on the API side? 
Vishnukant B: 
Onco API, I don't see more people are coming. Those who are there, they're only 
there. So, I don't see that any -- maybe one or two someone, even if someone comes 
also, but I have not seen any, at least in this -- when we give the quote or when we 
discuss with our customers, I have not found out that someone serious player has 
came. Someone must have came in the local or other market, but for the US and 
other, all regulatory approved apple to apple comparison people are not there. 
The second on the competitiveness and the competitions, of course the competition 
is not coming from the API segment. The competition is coming from the Formulation. 
So, your API is consumed into the Formulation. So, what happens ultimately when 
there is a price pressure in the Formulation, the API need to be re aligned with them. 
And we have very good customer base on the Onco. Normally they do not ask us to 
reduce the price until there is a price pressure. Our genuine reason for that. So, we 
always support to our customers and all the customers, those who are there, they're 
working for not only the existing molecules, for the new molecules also they are 
working. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir on the Biologics side, when do you expect revenues to start flowing in for us? 
Vishnukant B: 
I think definitely between the next 9 months to 12 months, we can see the CDMO 
business and this Adalimumab also will be launched, which we're going to take this 
because this is a first off in India. So slowly it'll be moving and we're working with the 
various customers on this, plus ROW market also, we're trying to register. I think 
between 9 to 12 months hopefully we can see the revenue coming from Biologics. 
 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And Adalimumab in India and ROW, what will be the market size of this 
product? 
Vishnukant B: 
Market size is much bigger because it's the world largest product Humira and the 
high concentration product is not available neither in the ROW market, except the 
originative I'm talking, nor in the India market. So hopefully I think a good market how 
much we'll be able to convert that into that, maybe after one or two quarters, once 
we launch, then after one or two quarters we'll be able to comment on that more. But 
we're trying to, wherever such opportunities are there, we are approaching each and 
every region customers to get that market side. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, and this last question on the API, we appointed investment bankers for looking 
to offer opportunities on API side. So, what are our broader plans for this segment? 
Are we planning to do some IPO on this or like what are our plans for this, for the API 
segment that we have? 
Vishnukant B: 
I think, Alpesh will be better to answer, but I can say you that all options are open. I 
think, API being a very mature and the sustainable business and there is enough 
opportunity, still we're not grown in the Polymer, non-Onco, Peptide, intermediates. 
There are huge opportunities are in line with that, in the API itself. So, this, were 
seeking all, options open. Alpesh, am I correct? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Correct, sir. So basically, Ankit, what we are doing is as, Vishnu ji was mentioning 
that API basically, a couple of segments in our API business are mature businesses, 
they are growing wel,l and I can quickly tell you that in FY22, our API business growth 
was at 30%. So, we haven't had that kind of a slowdown in the business over there. 
That was despite the CRAMS business going down, roughly by about INR 30 crore. 
So, despite that, we had a growth of 30% in that particular business. So certain 
segments are at mature stage. And certain other businesses are at nascent stages 
So, we are just working with some investment banker in company. We have already 
mentioned that we have taken services of O3 Capital for that. And we are trying to 
determine the best possible course of action. The idea is to monitor this particular 
asset. The manner in which we monetize this asset or the way we take it up either 
through the IPO market or through strategic investors or through private investors is 
something that we are working closely with the investment banker to determine. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And also, if you remove whatever costs that there on the API side as well as on the 
Formulation side. So, what will be the steady state margins in the API business that 
we have seen over the past few years and even in H1 of this year? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
From margin perspective, when we look at our API business, historically the margins 
have been better, but as I mentioned in my commentary as well, that there are 
pressures on selling prices as well as on the cost. So, when you look at the API 
business per se, we typically have EBITDA margins in the region of about, 23%, 25% 
kind of range we have got. In the past, we have had better margins, but due to the 
pricing pressure now, it has been slightly under pressure right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vineet Narang from White Oak. 
Vineet Narang: 
I had just one question on the Albumin side. If you can update us, what is the status 
there? Are the facilities ready? Has the product been stabilized? And who are the 
other players in the industry working on this Albumin product? 
Vishnukant B: 
Our Albumin is not a regular Albumin, first of all. Ours is recombinant Albumin. So, 
which doesn't need the blood as a source for to manufacture this. And it's pure than 
99 point plus pure material, what we're getting with our process. So currently in India, 
I don't think anyone has this recombinant Albumin, anybody is doing it. We are doing 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
the company now at this stage. The current status of the constructions of the new 
fermentation facility, which is now at the mid of the construction and the erections. 
Hopefully by September or December we should be able to complete next year, by 
September and December, we should be able to complete before December '23, we 
should be able to commission this facility. 
Answering on your questions on the Adalimumab, we have got this Phase 3, -- Phase 
1 from the set meeting and we're manufacturing now the batches, clinical batches to 
take this for the clinical trial. So that we're doing it from the Hubli facility, the current 
facility there already, we can do that. So, by the time our facility is ready, at least we'll 
be ready with the Phase 1 and partly Phase 3 data also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. 
Tushar Bohra: 
First quick clarification. So, we mentioned Albumin Phase 1, right? So, we should be 
able to start phasement trial soon for Albumin, right, to the previous participant? 
Cause you mentioned Adalimumab instead of Albumin. 
Vishnukant B: 
I mentioned Albumin, he was asking the questions of the Albumin. 
Tushar Bohra: 
No, for the clinical trial. So, we should start by when, sir? By when do you expect the 
batches in place? 
Vishnukant B: 
Once we complete our the clinical trial batches immediately can be start because the 
permission is already there. Only we're waiting to complete the clinical trial batch 
manufacturing at the bigger scale at our Hubli facility. 
Tushar Bohra: 
So, we should be able to launch it in this quarter or by next quarter? By when do you 
think we'll be able to launch? 
Vishnukant B: 
What is the meaning of launch? 
Tushar Bohra: 
Meaning the clinical trials, by when do you think we can launch clinical trials, yes. 
Vishnukant B: 
Clinical trials? Okay. We should start that clinical trial. I will not be able to tell you 
today on this, once we are having the data of this clinical batches. Hopefully the 
batches is started already, but until and unless the batches comes out, then I will not 
be able to tell you on this, whether it is starting in this quarter or the next quarter, but 
we're hopeful that at least before, the next quarter, it must start. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sure. Second, sir, you mentioned three key products and non-Onco APIs have been 
launched commercialized this quarter. If you can give more data points around those 
and, any other important products that we should monitor over the next couple of 
quarters, which can be relevant for the company? 
Vishnukant B: 
Yes. Of course, these all three products we have, whatever the capacity we created 
for the last year and this exhibit batches was also completed, the drug master files 
were ready, now we're filing in various market. So, the commercial launch in India is 
already there. Enough capacity also has been created for these all three molecules. 
And the next molecules, which now exhibit batches are going on, I will not be able to 
disclose the names today, but I think next quarter we should be able to give you 
precise names also, which are also equally very good product. 
And as I mentioned earlier also, product selections in the non Onco is not just to 
create the competition among the existing players, how we're going to differentiate 
ourselves because the strategy in our API was very clear. Let's have a differentiated 
product. Second one is, can we have enough capacity to create and to sell this 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
particular product? Third, are we able to, withstand on this competitive scenario from 
the existing player? And if yes, then how we're differentiating them in terms of the 
yield, in terms of the quality, in terms of the regulatory, in terms of our existing 
goodwill. And can we manufacture the -- is there any Chinese raw materials used in 
this? Can we replace the Chinese to India? So, these are the five, six factors we take 
into the consideration before taking any non-Onco molecule. 
It is not just because we wanted to increase the top line and later on when the 
competition comes, then we are out of it. Very selectively verifying all these things. 
And we have another six, seven molecules in the pipeline, which will differentiate it. 
And these all parameter at least if you verify seven parameters, we withstand on a 
five, six parameters and then only we're taking this particular product. Hopefully 
before this December and before March, we should be able to complete at least 
another three products for our next year commercial month. The capacity creation for 
this particular product is ongoing. We may not be able to complete the capacity in 
this particular year, but I think the one or two products at least the capacity creation 
also will be completed. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sure, sir. Quickly on the gross margin. The sharp compression and margins that 
we've seen, is it something that we should expect for next couple of quarters as well, 
or do you think that we should be able to recover and stabilize at a higher gross 
margin in Q3, Q4? And what led to this fall as well, which product specifically? 
Vishnukant B: 
The gross margin on the some of the products, which is purely depend on which 
products are moving in which quarters. Sometimes it happens at the higher ones. 
First, we are adding more non-Onco products, which doesn't have the high margin 
like Onco and the other molecules. Of course, we should understand that reality that 
we are launching the non-Onco molecules, non-Onco molecules from the existing 
player we are taking this market share. 
People are accepting our entry, we are going cautiously in this particular, not just by 
reducing the prices, but of course we have to be a competitive or little lower than 
what the existing peoples are there, to take us into their Dossier and in the ROW 
market also. So, this is what current strategies follow. Of course, we're also 
monitoring the high value products, the Onco will be there. And as, and when we're 
adding the more products in non-Onco, with the backward integration and the scale 
of the capacity, the margins can come to the normal level. It maybe one or two 
quarters slight pressures will be there 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Tushar, on the Formulation side, we currently are majorly dependent on one product 
till now. So, as we are able to launch more products there, I think that because this 
one product that we have in the market has had certain pricing challenges and all. 
So going forward when we have more products coming into our formulation basket, 
I think we should be able to stabilize the margins, with a larger basket of product 
available. 
Vishnukant B: 
The more important in this, I will add something for Alpesh that the Formulation 
business is a different business. And we are learning probably this, other than 
because we launched first into the US and rest all markets, fortunately we were 
started registering two, three years before. In this, especially in the Europe and ROW 
market, probably we are seeing that almost 350 Dossiers were filing in the ROW 
market, which is not a small number in Onco and adjuvant therapy. And what we're 
trying to do it in this Onco, other products also, none of the products are going to take 
with the third-party facility, where we feel that there is enough opportunity, like a 
Prucalopride. Prucalopride launch was done in the Europe and filing in the US. Now 
we are already doing it in the US.  
 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
So Prucalopride is a niche product. So, that product we have taken, because it was 
a non-Onco, so we have to take it in the other facility, which we completed 
successfully Dossier also got approved and last quarter we were able to launch in 
the European market. So, such strategy, Onco, non-Onco, minus US, Canada, 
Australia, then the other all markets, also Europe, of course, we are focusing more 
and we have got very good partners in the Europe because we are not doing directly 
on our own. And they have great interest in our existing products. I think formulation 
business after two, three quarters, definitely we can see this ramp up, minus US, if 
the US gets also cleared, then you have substantial revenue from there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Bandari from Vallum Capital. 
Manish Bandari: 
I have a few questions. You have spoken about the launch of Adalimumab and also 
Albumin some time in India. So, I wanted to know about the marketing spend, what 
we have today and how much of more expense we need to take on the marketing 
side or we'll go through the partners? And you've given the timeline, so just wanted 
to know about the marketing tie ups? 
Vishnukant B: 
So, on Adalimumab we are doing on our own launch also with our India team as well 
as we are working two companies, we have signed on that, and we will launch 
through them also. So, India market, it is not that only we are launching ourselves 
and the other peoples also because they also don't have this particular product. So, 
we are trying to work with them within more number of people and trying to get as 
much as market shares as possible. So, on Adalimumab I have said on the 
marketing. 
For Albumin, I can tell you that Albumin is such a product, where no marketing is 
required. It's all over world, including India, 365 days. This is a shortage product. So, 
this product, if we are able to complete this and launch it into the India market alone 
has such a huge demand, which cannot be catered by anyone. So, marketing on the 
Adalimumab, I don't think is required because now, also people are asking us that, 
can you give it immediately, including the ROW market. So, I don't think that the 
Albumin needs more marketing effort today and, but yes, Adalimumab is required on 
that because Adalimumab’s originator is there in some of the markets in ROW and 
India. We're trying to tap whatever the best possibilities are there; we're trying to do 
that. 
Manish Bandari: 
Vishnu ji, my second question was related to the cash flow, which can you have to 
sacrifice potentially by scale or maybe a strategic partner in API business? So how 
we would run the show because the cash flow from the other business opportunities 
will take some more time to come through? So, I just wanted to know the strategy in 
detail in the process since we have express interest of getting a partner at the API? 
Vishnukant B: 
Our cash flow, the major debt, whatever we are seeing has been used for the 
biologics and the BioCare, the Albumin plant. These are the two area, wherever the 
100% of this, whatever the borrowing has been done, has been utilized are most 
there. So, if we get the CDMO business and if we complete this Albumin plant next 
year, I don't see there is any issue on getting the revenue from that plus other than 
API, I'm not talking on anything on the API, other than API, we have in our 
Formulation, Onco, non-Onco, Transdermal Patch & Film. So, these are the division 
which is now almost getting matured, so it is transdermal patch and film, whatever 
we were there last three years, we are just spending on that. 
We completed the UK mature approval. We are launching in the US this film, it is not 
that something we're launching into the any other market and US launching is not 
possible until, unless the verification is done. Customer has done stuff around it. Use 
this for the their research and all, and this is commercially launching, it is not just trial 
launching. So, even the Transdermal Patch, Film Formulation, the Onco business of 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
our formulation, European launch, ROW market launch or the any other market, 
Canada, Australia, so many are going to get, so in a one year, I personally feel 
formulation division also has a huge potential, which we have spent for several years 
of our R&D. And you can understand this Tranexamic acid product, which is a first 
time in the world. The films which we are producing in the first time, the Onco complex 
injection like are ready to use Pemetrexed, which is not easy product. These are the 
unmet need in the market, but nobody was able to do that. 
And with our expertise and the R&D expenditures, of course I agree that the fruits 
have to come somewhere we should see the revenues on this. I feel that now we're 
consolidating our research also and trying to see that which are immediately hanging 
fruit that we should try to take it immediately, do the licensing activity also with the 
various customers, launch with them in the US and the other market. Europe market 
also, we're trying to see the partner, ROW market also we are trying to see. Now we 
are in a mode where we're consolidating our all R&Ds at all over, whatever the 
strengths are there and trying to see that each area has enough opportunity to grow. 
So, the cash flow, I personally feel on Biologics will of course, once we start, even if 
we trade now, Formulation business itself has enough potential in next two, three 
quarters for growing only. 
Manish Bandari: 
Sir, the problem I see in the company as a long-term observer is, we would have a 
cash flow, which will again, get turned into the employee expenses and the R&D 
expenses. Finally, the fruit of the labor is the free cash flow. And unless until you 
know the business well enough that this further research activity from the Biologics 
is kept at a hold. Otherwise (inaudible 0:46:14) prophecy of the cash flow going back 
into the research will come into place. So, is there any strategic change, which you 
are doing now today at this juncture, looking at mismatch of the cash flow where all 
the incremental expenses significantly related to the R&D or to the capital side will 
put on the hold and only the monetization of the existing asset will happen for next 
three or four years? Monetization from the generation of the sales or revenue as well 
as from a strategic partner. So, just one hazy thing, which I have in my mind is on the 
line of thinking you have? 
Vishnukant B: 
No, thanks, Manish ji, I respect this and that is the reason I use the word consolidation 
of all the R&D and the marketing activities. It means that wherever the possibilities 
are there, which we are working for the next five years, seven years down the line, 
we are holding for some time, which are the low end input where we can do it 
immediately in six months to one year, let's complete that all activities. The market, 
which were untapped or which were not doing the licensing because we feel that this 
is a very good opportunity, we will complete and then we'll do it. We're trying to see 
that the marketing partner is roping in this. So various factors we're trying to use into 
this, where consolidation on the R&D and the marketing activities, appointing the -- 
specially on marketing, the various people to see that including India market, the 
ROW market, specific people to look on this particular products and getting the 
licensing in that respective market. But all efforts are parallelly going on. I fully 
understand that the company was earlier cash free. The debt free company was 
there. 
Now we are came into the situation where the debt is there. Hence, we are trying to 
see that how we can be as soon as possible debt free, and then, we can grow with 
that. And we are learning from the mistakes also. Some of the mistakes was there 
that we have done always, midsized company like us has invested into the Biologics 
and other, and the long-term project. Of course, but we are happy to say that some 
of the very tricky products has been getting approved from not only from India, but 
from the European and the US market. And I fully respect your suggestion. We're 
consolidating all our efforts and trying to see that what is the maximum utilization we 
can do with the current assets, not the future assets. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
Manish Bandari: 
So, when should be the most optimistic launch of India Albumin commercial launch 
in India? 
Vishnukant B: 
2024. 
Manish Bandari: 
So, you mean the calendar year or financial year? 
Vishnukant B: 
Calendar year means you never know because the Phase 1 and Phase 3 we need 
to complete. Phase 1 will start for that, will be there for six months and Phase 3 will 
be there for the nine months. 
Manish Bandari: 
This is India? 
Vishnukant B: 
I think India. But this Albumin, once you do it, because we're doing with the European 
R&D all this study. So, I think it can be useful for all ROW market also, because as 
an ancient all over the world there is a shortage products. The day when you 
complete this clinical trial and submit it to the authority, they will give on a very fast 
track approval of this. So, India, ROW, all markets will be open in 2024 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investment. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Vishnu ji, few questions on Albumin. Now this recombinant Albumin, which you are 
producing is theoretically, completely able to replicate the existing Albumin, or there 
are only few applications wherein this can be useful? 
Vishnukant B: 
Rather, this is not exactly replicating. It is a much superior than the existing one. The 
current, what we are developing recombinant Albumin can be used as excipient, 
which is a, very high margin product and high value also, because excipient is used 
in a vaccine, excipient used in a drug product, like, Abraxane and all, Arborol, there 
is a liposomal product. So, all liposomal products the Albumin with the high purity is 
used. 
You must be knowing it, that the current the Albumin has a huge disadvantage 
because the consistency from these market is not there in the Albumin because 
human blood varies from one region to other region, and it varies, so impurity levels 
are also different. So, using it as a excipient grade and getting the consistent quality 
of that particular product is a very tough for the people, those who are using this 
Albumin and doing the formulation. So, there are some restrictions also to develop 
the liposome formulation. This can be totally avoided because you are going to get 
the consistent quality of 99.99% purity of the recombinant Albumin. 
The second one is the, of course we can use as a drug, so anybody will be happy to 
take particular products because it doesn't have the impurity, and it is a much safer 
and pure form available against this market. Plus, another two, three applications are 
also there, which I'm not able to share today, but some of the peoples are developing 
some other technology where they can use this Albumin. But I personally feel the 
drug is there, you have a wide excipient is again a great potential to be used next 
two, three years. But the excipient grade has to be used and put it into the 
formulation, submit it into the authority. Some ROW market and India market can be 
available. But in the US and Europe market, probably it's a two, three years' time. But 
for that we did not have to do this clinical trial. Once we complete this, the exhibit 
batches, once we complete the clinical trials and we file this, the drug master file 
people will start using in 2023 our excipient grade the Albumin for sure. 
 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. My second question is pricing is still far away. I understand that, but based on 
the pricing of existing Albumin, were we to price it somewhere lower, I mean, how 
are we thinking about pricing of this product versus the existing? Will it be 
economically beneficial to the patient or the consumers? 
Vishnukant B: 
The price in Albumin is the secondary. Availability of this particular product is most 
important. The second one is, of course, you are to see that what is current pricing. 
Are you able to sustain in this particular, or even if the price get lowered down, are 
we able to do that? We have done all that exercise. And I'm sure that we'll be 
competitive in this, even the drug product, forget about the excipient, excipient is 
much higher where you always have a value addition. But here, even at the drug 
product level, we are sure that we are cost competitive against the existing product. 
Anuj Sharma: 
And my last question is, again, this is because of lack of information or data. Given 
the competition, is competition also close by on products like Albumin or we are by 
far the closest to the finish line as far as this product is concerned. I mean, I'm sure 
you would've analyzed the competitors or people who are working on this, just some 
light into this direction. 
Vishnukant B: 
Sorry, I not exactly understood your question. 
Anuj Sharma: 
So, I'm saying are competitors also or other players also developing a similar product 
and or close to developing a similar product. So, we might get the product right, also 
the timing right. But are others also following us some data into the competitive 
environment or the other players who are making this product or trying for this 
Albumin product? 
Vishnukant B: 
Of course, they will be there. I'm not saying we are the only company, but currently 
we have granted patent from the US and Europe. So, we our process is patented for, 
somebody else can also do this particular product. But I can tell you that even if 
another five facility comes, the scale at which we are doing it, then still there is 
enough scope to take everyone into the system because there is always gap of this 
Albumin in all market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Chopra from KIFS Trade Capital. 
Sahil Chopra: 
So, sir, what kind of CapEx companies looking for FY23 and '24? 
Vishnukant B: 
We are not doing any more CapEx currently except the Albumin what we are doing 
it. And of course, the maintenance CapEx for the API division. Rest all we are now 
currently holding it. The Albumin, the project needs CapEx. We already invested 
around INR 175 crore, if Alpesh I am correct? The balance, I think around INR 175 
crore need to be invested. 
Sahil Chopra: 
In next one year? 
Vishnukant B: 
Yes, of course. 
Sahil Chopra: 
Okay. And in past three years our company has incurred around RINR. 1,000 crore 
of CapEx. So, when will be, the benefits from the scene will be fully flown to the 
company? Any timeline, 2, 3, 4 years, something? 
Vishnukant B: 
I mentioned that the biological facility is already ready where we almost invested INR 
700 crore on that. So that facility is ready. Product is also getting approved. There is 
an interest also is coming for the CDMO. And the other end, we're trying to get the 
approval also in the US by filing some of the products. So, this is what our future plan 
of Biologics is. The next one, two years, probably, maybe next two quarters or three 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
quarters, you'll see that the revenue started coming into the biologics, which is a 
major asset block is there, from where currently the revenue is practically negligible. 
On the Albumin, of course, once we complete this and then we'll be able to do that. 
So currently that 24 as I mentioned that we should be able to, and immediately the 
production whenever we are doing this, how we be able to sell it from that particular 
facility because we're completing all registrations and other documents from our 
existing facility. Then there will be a site change and the necessary procedures will 
be there. On API and the formulation, whatever, the investment, whatever we are 
telling, all this started doing the revenue. 
Of course, the revenue started, I personally feel from the asset as well as the 
products, which we have it at our portfolio or in R&D is not completely 
commercialized. That is why consolidating on the various products and trying to see 
that as how we can launch in this market, either transferring these, some of the 
products at the other side, or partnering these, or launching in the various market. 
So, these are the areas which we are currently more focusing on, and of course, on 
the FDA clearance as early as possible. 
Sahil Chopra: 
And my last question is related to this margin. So, if we see last 15 years history of 
the company, our margins are around 20%. So, when our company can reach these 
kinds of margins, again, is it possible or any timeline regarding that? 
Vishnukant B: 
Alpesh? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, Sahil, as we have explained earlier that the existing businesses have seen some 
pressure on the margins. The next takeoff of business mainly on formulation side 
when that happens, like, ideally if there was no US FDA related challenges, we 
probably would've had few more products in the market. But that has taken some 
time. But we are, as Vishnu ji mentioned a while back, that we have registered 
products from alternate site. So, those should start coming in. We are looking at 
additional products coming in our, API business both on Onco, non-Onco side, more 
on the non-Onco side coming in. So those are obviously slightly lower margin 
product, but, they expand our reach and all. So, it takes some time to build up this 
portfolio. 
So, we are hopeful that in the foreseeable future, we should start seeing improvement 
in the margin, also typically, our first half of the year is softer than the second half of 
the year. So, we hope that we probably are able to see some improvement straight 
away in the second half itself. But from there on, we should be able to build up as 
soon as we are able to get some more product approvals and also get some traction 
on our Biological business as Vishnu ji was mentioning that we will have first of our 
product probably coming to the market. 
We are looking at some CDMO opportunities there. So as in when we start cracking 
into those businesses, we should be able to start ramping up our margin. Our margins 
were basically impacted by some of these investments that we have made, which 
have not yet started yielding results for us. So that our base business is still steady 
and we are generating sufficient margins over there. But these additional investments 
that we have made, once they start kicking in, then we should see improvement 
happening in the margins as well. 
Sahil Chopra: 
We can expect it to happen in next two years? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
See, it is difficult to specify the timeline because a lot of these things when we are 
trying to get a business generated out of some of these investments that we have 
made, it would be dependent on the opportunities that come across our way. As you 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
are aware that we were expecting some significant business opportunity through 
contact manufacturing of vaccines related to covid and all, which unfortunately will 
not happen. If that were to happen, we probably could have started seeing much 
better margins right away. So, it is dependent on the kind of opportunity that comes 
across our way. So, it'll be difficult to specify a timeline at this stage. It could be even 
earlier than that, and it probably might be around the timeline that you are mentioning. 
Sahil Chopra: 
And my last question is related to debt. So, what kind of debt to equity or what kind 
of debt level company is comfortable with? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, see currently, as I mentioned on the call that we are at a net debt of which is in 
excess of INR 750 crore, and hence we are also looking at certain asset monetization 
opportunities to bring it down. Typically, our idea would be to make it a zero-debt 
company back to where we used to be. But if we were to do it in a gradual manner, 
and not at one short monetization, then probably, we will try to get it down by at least 
currently, if you see broadly we are at when I look at my debt equity, I'm at 0.5 times, 
thereabouts, but I would want to bring it down to say, 0.25 at least. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sir, just to understand, what would be the drag on the business from segments which 
are currently not yielding optimum utilization or optimum return, meaning the biologic 
segment and probably Transdermal ODF as well? What would be the operational 
loss from the segments that is dragging the overall performance? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
I think Tushar, we can come back to you on that a little later. You can get in touch 
with us and we'll get back to you on that. 
Tushar Bohra: 
And sir, the total gross block today on the books, and working capital, how much 
would be being contributed by the API business? A ballpark number? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Of the gross block you're saying? 
Tushar Bohra: 
And working capital also? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes. We've got about INR 380 crore of gross block and working capital of about INR 
320 crore plus in my API business. 
Tushar Bohra: 
It includes gross block and INR 320 crore working in API business? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
In API business I've got a gross block including my capital, working progress of INR 
380 crore. And INR 320 crore of net working capital. So broadly, put together, I'm at 
about INR 700 crore. 
Tushar Bohra: 
So basically, sir, the part of business that the investments in biologics, formulations, 
all the other parts, we are seeing that more than INR 2000 crore gross block is 
invested across these, as on day today? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, all the businesses put together, I would have about a network of about INR 1300 
crore plus and almost INR 1400 crore. And the gross block would be. 
Tushar Bohra: 
So, your accumulated depreciation would be about INR 400 crore? So, you're saying 
that close to INR 7800 crore gross block is deployed in your other segments, right? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Yes. 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Tushar Bohra: 
Okay. So, sir by when do we start expecting, -- we've heard on biologics, but overall 
if you can just give, sort of the strategy for monetization of this utilization of this gross 
block systematically for each of the other segments? Like by when do we start to see 
material progress and utilization and contribution, net contribution to the -- other than 
formulations for the other segments, when do we started seeing net contribution to 
the profit loss for the other segments, including transdermal as well? 
Vishnukant B: 
I mentioned know already, that almost all the facilities, which was there transdermal 
and the film being, importance was getting this approval, which we got the UK. 
Launching in the market, that also we started in the US market. And of course, we'll 
start with European market. Because now we got the approval of UK, we find some 
dossiers also. So next one year onward, maybe next year, '23, '24 we can see the 
revenue started coming from that asset, which has been blocked at the transdermal 
and the film. 
On the biologics, already 22 times that the Adalimumab now being ready for the 
launch. Next quarter onward, we will be able to launch this is the local and next year 
we should be able to launch in the ROW market also. And some licensing revenue, 
some of the things which we wanted to do it not only for the licensing, CDMO work 
what we're trying to do, there is a great interest on the CDMO also. So hopefully the 
biologics also will start coming from the next year onwards. These are the two. Rest 
all is the formulation is of course it is there. The formulation we're working, once we 
get the -- at least we got now the Australia and the Canadian clearance, hopefully we 
should be able to get it except the US but the US also, we have completed all work 
and I given every detail review what has been done by this third party, and we're 
waiting for the FDA to come work, plus transferring the products to the various site. 
Hopefully as to answer the very broadly to your question, that we should be able to 
see some revenues traction from the next year and a half quarter onwards. So, I think 
hopefully we should see the revenue jump from that. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sure, sir. My last question quickly on, Pemetrexed RTU, that we've launched in 
Europe. What is the early traction around that? And if you can give for some kind of 
guidance around how in terms market share or in terms of volumes, profitability on 
that product for Europe? 
Vishnukant B: 
Profitably and all I'll not be able to share, but we were able to launch in the European 
market and we were the first to launch RTU into the Europe market. And we have 
good partner, so there is no reason that we will not get the market share of this 
particular product. But I think definitely there will be a good traction in this particular 
product in the next quarter onwards. 
Tushar Bohra: 
So Q3 onwards we should see? 
Vishnukant B: 
Probably, because we are launched this one. So, I think once they're coming in the 
market, they will go to the getting the tenders in these areas. So, these are the things 
will ramp up slowly. It'll not ramp up immediately because we are not the only 
company because there is a lio formulation is available, but we are going against Lio 
RTU. So that is the differentiated formulation is coming and there is a great 
advantage also. People likes it. Only thing is once you launch into the market, then 
you slowly ramp. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Bhandari from Vallum Capital. 
Manish Bhandari: 
So, my question is related to the Albumin, we have lot at the stake related to the 
albumin. So, I wanted to understand that whether we need to do the investment of 
incremental INR 170 crore before we get the approvals, all approvals in place, 
otherwise, if there is [Technical issues] formulizations, what happens to such kind of 
situations. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Vishnukant B: 
I think, it's the situation where should we do now or should we do later on or should 
we get an approval and then you take a two years to complete this and then do it. 
So, by the time you get approval, and all, and if you don't have a facility for the 
Albumin like a product, then you have issue, but I agree that there is a debt currently, 
should we do currently or not? Of course, we're doing little slowly and the various 
opportunities and this one we are seeing that how to mitigate such risk also, maybe 
in one or two quarters we will have more clarity on. But I take your suggestion, sir, 
that at this current stage, investing that much should we do some other risk hedging 
strategy in Albumin also. 
Manish Bhandari: 
Sir, my last question is related to the international marketing. Would you use the 
partner? 
Vishnukant B: 
Yes, we're doing partnering only. We cannot not do on our own. So, I think yes, yes. 
All will be partners, in US also we launched through the partner only. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Vishnukant B: 
So, we thank you all of you for participating in our functions for earnings call and 
showing interest in Shilpa. We will continue with this effort of updating you regularly 
at the -- after every quarter result, and we look forward to your continued interest in 
Shilpa. Thanks a lot. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shilpa Medicare, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort 
has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without changing much of the content, for 
enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
 
