 
 
Ref: SEC/ARIIL/BSE-NSE/2022-23 
 
 
                                                     Date: November 17, 2022 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Script Code : 513349
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Script Code : AJMERA
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the Transcript of Earnings Call held 
on November 10, 2022 on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the company for 
the Quarter and Half Year ended September 30th, 2022. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
VINIT TANNA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
A50504 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
VINIT 
MAHENDR
A TANNA
Digitally signed by VINIT MAHENDRA 
TANNA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=421301, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, l=THANE, o=Personal, 
title=4596, 
serialNumber=0122ec0f28cf3c808b05a3c
cc78939608c787755b087e554ee30b165b
26c3253, 
pseudonym=459620220512201638622, 
2.5.4.20=d15433ca53558df30596f0fa0281
7a16ef307336cd06ad2d355d37114887c0
8f, email=VINIT.TANNA@GMAIL.COM, 
cn=VINIT MAHENDRA TANNA 
Date: 2022.11.17 16:20:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2022 
 
 
             
                 
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR.  DHAVAL AJMERA - DIRECTOR 
                                             MR. NITIN BAVISI - CFO 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. JAY SHAH FROM DOLAT CAPITAL 
 
 
                                              
 
 

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Q2 
FY23 Results Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touch-tone telephone. Please note, that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jay Shah from Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir.  
 
Jay Shah: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Ajmera Realty & Infra 
India Limited Second Quarter FY23 Conference Call. We will begin the call with opening 
remarks from the director Mr. Dhaval Ajmera, and business performance from the CFO, Mr. 
Nitin Bavisi, which shall be followed by a Q&A session.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in today's discussion may be 
forward-looking in nature, reflecting company’s future outlook and they involve certain risks 
and uncertainties that the Company may face. We have already shared the operational updates 
of the company in the first week of October 2022. The investor presentation and the press 
release based on the financial results adopted by the Board can be downloaded from the 
website of the Company and have been uploaded on the Stock Exchange website as well.  
 
I would like to hand the conference over to the Director, MR. Dhaval Ajmera. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir.  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Thank you. Good evening and hello everyone. We are pleased to connect with you again for 
our second quarter FY23 Ajmera earnings conference call. I look forward to interacting with 
you all as we move on to the next phase of the growth at Ajmera Realty. I'll begin by 
discussing the real estate outlook, business highlights of this quarter, followed by the 
operational and financial performance highlights which will be done by our CFO. 
 
Real estate in India is really looking exciting. Things have been really good post-COVID and it 
is, I would say, one of the very exciting phases for real estate in India. Coming to the Indian 
economy, I think also we are seeing the Indian economy being really buoyant, even though 
there are concerns of surging inflation, rupee depreciation and other geopolitical concerns. But 
in spite of all this, the real estate sector is also moving great, is also banking on accelerated 
demand momentum in spite of interest rate hikes. People are more confident about real estate 
today than earlier. Rising income, employment opportunities, favorable sentiments towards 
commercial real estate, broadening of leasing activities, need for personal and financial 
security and desire for spacious home with health and wellness amenities will further boost the 
demand in the sector in the coming quarters. The steps taken by the government to support the 
real estate industry, and a series of favorable regulatory and policy moves has also encouraged 
development and investments. This will further enhance the momentum in the coming period.  
 
I'm happy to announce that this half yearly results has been one of our best results so far, 
where we have done a sales of over INR 566 crore, which is up 181% year-on-year and about 
1.3 times higher than our sales value of FY22, which was INR 431 crore. As far as our quarter 
goes, I'm also happy to announce that our revenue and PAT during this quarter has also been at 
a decade high of INR 187 crore and INR 34 crore respectively.  
 
We launched the Ajmera Manhattan Project in the beginning of FY23 and have received a 
tremendous positive response with about 33% of Manhattan inventory being already sold in 
the span of the six months. This project was also recognized as the top selling housing project 
in Mumbai eastern suburbs from April to June 2022 as per the CRE Matrix data. The 
Greenfinity project at Wadala is also a perfect example of a fast tracked execution capabilities. 
The superstructure of this project has also been completed in nearly 14 months, and it is now at 
a finishing stage and 73% of this inventory is already sold.  
 
Looking at our commercial projects, the Sikova at Ghatkopar which is a boutique office 
development. This project is also at finishing stage and we are about 66% of this inventory 
sold out. In the Wadala suburbs of Mumbai, we offer a variety of options with ready to move 

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
in OC based projects, luxury projects like Treon, advanced stage projects like Greenfinity, and 
recently launched compact luxury segment at Manhattan. So, it has a complete spectrum of 
projects and developments happening at Wadala. 
 
Coming to Bengaluru, where our presence has always been there in the mid-luxury segment 
and I'm happy to say that our project Ajmera Nucleus, the wing A and B, OC has been 
received during this quarter and we've also sold about 77% of our inventory in residential 
segment. This also includes construction of our Nucleus C Wing and our affordable segment in 
Lugaano & Florenza, which is in the northern Bengaluru is also under construction and 
looking at current developments, it is moving expeditiously well. We have also received OC 
for our Nucleus Commercial Project during this period and now we are confident that in the 
coming few quarters we should be able to sell this project as well. This is Bengaluru and we 
are proud to complete a variety of inventory with ready to move in, mid-luxury Nucleus 
projects and affordable options in new Lugaano and Florenza.  
 
Coming to our high-end development project, redevelopment project Ajmera Prive at Juhu, in 
Mumbai, which is a self-funded project and is progressing well. We have now received the 
RERA in October 2022 and have commenced the work and Commencement certificate and 
other approvals have already been received during this quarter. In order to maintain the launch 
momentum, we have obtained financial closure with a reputed global bank for a Codename 
Ghatkopar project and the launch is very well on track. We have already acquired the land 
rights from Tata communications, where we plan to develop a residential property with a 
potential carpet of around one lakh square feet. Ajmera Prive and Codename Ghatkopar 
launches will enable us to sustain the robust launch momentum in the coming quarters.  
 
We further plan to launch two more projects in the Central Mumbai region during FY23 and 
FY24. The estimated revenue of these four launches is close to about INR 2,200 crore. We 
have a revenue visibility of INR 2,100 crore from our ongoing projects, bringing the total 
revenue visibility of around INR 4,300 crore. We have a further potential development of 11.8 
million square feet from our own land bank in the MMR region. And moving forward, as a 
part of our growth strategy, we are also evaluating very active asset like JV, JDA, DM model 
or redevelopment opportunities in Mumbai to take our growth potential higher.  
 
With this, I would like to thank all our stakeholders that are enabling us to implement our 
strategy towards the 5x growth plan. I am very happy and excited that the growth plan which 
we have worked towards, and the company is progressing well in this and we should be able to 
achieve our results as we have done in the past quarters and this quarter as well.  
 
I would now like to hand over this call to our CFO, Mr. Nitin Bavisi, who would like to take 
you through the operational and financial performance highlights. Thank you.  
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you, Mr. Ajmera. Good evening, everybody. I now take you through the operational and 
financial performance of H1 and second quarter of FY23. Our variety of offerings at Mumbai 
and Bengaluru is ensured a strong performance from our customer base, resulting in very 
robust performance. On the operational front, we have delivered a healthy half yearly 
performance with our sales value increasing by 181% year-on-year at INR 566 crore. It is 
significant to note that first half sales Value number has been 1.3x of the annual sales level of 
that of FY22, which was INR 431 crore. The sales volume for this period stands at 2,37,415 
square feet, which is a significant increase of about 106% on y-o-y basis. This impressive 
value was achieved due to successful launch of Ajmera Manhattan and steady sales from the 
existing projects like Sikova, Greenfinity, Nucleus in Bengaluru.  
 
Our collections remain very impressive with 44% year-on-year growth and which stood at INR 
312 crore. The realization per square feet also has been an improved number, it is INR 23,844 
per square feet for the first half as against INR 17,460 for the half of FY22. The quarterly 
operational performance really exhibited very healthy improvement with the sales improving 
83% y-o-y at INR 166 crore and sales volume improving 49% y-o-y at about 80,000 square 
feet. The collections for the quarter remained stable at about INR 102 crore. The realization for 
the quarter two FY23 have improved to INR20,760 per square feet as against INR 16,867 in 
quarter two of FY22.  
 

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Coming to the revenue side, our total revenue for H1 FY23 stood at INR242 crore which is 3% 
y-o-y increase. Our EBITDA stood at INR76 crore which is 29% increase y-o-y. The EBITDA 
margin stood at 31%. Our PBT stood at INR61 crore, which is 110% y-o-y increase and PBT 
margin also expanded to 25%. PAT level, we have exceedingly well, at INR46 crore which is 
about 111% y-o-y increase and PAT margins stood at 19%. This PAT of INR46 crore, I am 
happy to say that it is equivalent to that of the entire annual PAT of FY22.  
 
Our total revenue for quarter two, FY23 stood at INR187 crore, which is 87% rise y-o-y. Our 
EBITDA doubled during the quarter and stood at INR58 crore, a 133% y-o-y increase. The 
EBITDA margin stood at 31%, PBT at INR46 crore, which is 209% increase y-o-y and PBT 
margin at 25%. PAT grew by more than two times on y-o-y basis and stood at INR34 crore 
and PAT margin significantly improved to 18% as compared to 11% in quarter two of FY22.  
 
Margins have improved due to successful launch of the high margin project composition which 
is the Ajmera Manhattan. The revenue growth has been accelerated and there is a sharper 
visibility of revenue especially, due to front ended costs which we have incurred and as we 
guided last since last about two to three quarters, since we have paid the approval premiums in 
December ‘21 under the concessional window and this has really aided by our operational 
improvements and the sales which we have clocked in this particular timeframe.  
 
Our outstanding debt as on the quarter end is about INR826 crore. The increase in debt is due 
to one deal for the Ghatkopar project which we have closed out in this particular quarter and 
which we are very confident to bring the launch of that particular project as well in very soon. 
The weighted average cost of the debt is 12.6% per annum as on 30th September and debt 
equity ratio is 1.11:1 as on end of September.  
 
We have a strong visibility of around INR2045 crore from our existing portfolio in terms of its 
revenue. From our OC received projects we have balance revenue from sold inventory, is 
about INR7 crore and the balance unsold inventory revenue at INR145 crore. From advanced 
stage projects, the balance of sold and unsold inventory revenue is INR125 crore and INR185 
crore respectively. And the third bucket, the midsize projects, the balance of sold and unsold 
inventory revenue is INR394 crore and INR1189 crore respectively. We have estimated 
cashflow of about INR860 crore from our existing portfolio.  
 
On this particular high note, I request the entire forum to now being open for the question-and-
answer session and more interactions. Thank you for the patient hearing.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We'll take our first question from the line of Mihir Thakkar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Mihir Thakkar: 
Well, first of all, congratulations for the wonderful set of numbers. Dhavalbhai, I just need an 
update on our Kanjurmarg land and on our commercial land parcel at Wadala. So, what's the 
current status on both? 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, Kanjurmarg land also is moving progressively good. We are expected to close the loose 
ends which are there in terms of little bit of approvals and all of that, and hopefully by next 
year, we should be able to bring this up on the table. As far as the commercial is concerned, we 
are waiting for the NCLT orders to come in and also, we are in active discussions and making 
the planning for the commercial tie ups, as well as the development progress. So, that also 
should be under progress. So right now, the Wadala commercial belt is now slowly starting to 
see some momentum because of the connectivity and our belief is by next year, when the 
connectivity of the Sewri-Nhava Sheva link road which is connecting to the new airport, which 
will be done, by then we will see a greater momentum and demand coming. So, I think we fit 
in well and that's when we feel we should really put the project on the block so that we get the 
right kind of valuation. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from the line of Bala from Arihant Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
 

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Balasubramaniam: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir, around INR4300 crore of 
revenue potentials. How many years that will be a potential having? It will spread to how 
many years? 
  
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, broadly it is, as we have showcased that it is composition of the OC based projects, 
advanced stage completion and as well midsize, and as well to be launched kind of a thing. So, 
in terms of the broader timelines, it should be three to five years. Yes. But in terms of OC and 
the advanced stage completion, it is much, much earlier than that.  
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Sir, I have seen the industry conversion rate around the 8%. For example, if 100 people are 
visiting to see the flats, around eight flats are sold. So, what is the average conversion rate for 
Ajmera Realty.  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, every project has a different percentage. If it is an affordable segment, it goes higher up to 
15%. But if it is a mid-luxury, like our Manhattan Project, it comes to around 8% or 10%. So, 
our mid-average is around 10% to 12%.  
 
Balasubramaniam: 
10% to 12%. Ok. Also sir, rising interest rate, how we are seeing the demand from customer 
side? 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as I said the demand is pretty good, even though the interest rates have risen over the last 
few months. But nevertheless, the demand has been pretty consistent and people are still 
coming up for their requirements. While we may face a little bit of hitch here and there, but 
people eventually take a call and they move ahead. So, so far, we've not seen too much of 
resistance coming due to the higher interest rates. So, I mean, my good sense is that maybe 
going forward if the interest is really blow up higher, then probably might be a resistance 
coming from the customer. But looking at the scenario with the way demand and real estate is 
moving, I mean at least I believe that the government probably would not jump in or hike in 
too much of interest rates costs, which will continue with this momentum which is going right 
now.  
 
Balasubamaniam: 
Yes, okay. So, I have seen that margin improvement is there, like commodity prices are 
softening. We may expect further margin gain for next two quarters?  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as we have seen that post-COVID, there was a significant rise in the input costs. And it so 
happened with us is that while we launched the project, from the time we launched the project, 
till now, over the last six months, we have seen softening of the commodity prices although 
they have not gone back to the pre-COVID levels, but definitely have reduced from what it 
was for that particular period of time. And in our calculations and moving forward the margins 
will improve for our projects, which are own land banks, like the Wadala one, where we are 
looking at a better margin and this will eventually also start seeing better margins coming in 
the average scheme of things.  
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
And just to support on the operational side to this contention which Mr. Dhaval mentioned, a 
few of the high margin product like Manhattan, which is giving a good kicker to the overall 
margin expectation. The Greenfinity project, which is the unlevered project, which is giving 
further boost because there is no leverage to that. As we go on our plan for the Ajmera’s Prive 
project is also to go for a self-funded project. So, that is also going to add on to that particular 
unlevered project portfolio. So, all these steps put together, we are very confident that going 
forward, we should have a good traction in the margin as well.  
 
Balasubramaniam: 
So, we have seen very good improvement on realization side. So, what kind of price hike you 
have taken in this quarter?  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, on an average, we have we have incremented the prices for projects at Manhattan and at 
other projects as well. But it purely is the question of demand and supply, and also looking at 
the demand for our projects, we have increased our sales price in Manhattan by about 5%, 6% 
in the last six months, from the time we launched and what we are now selling. So, going 
forward also, we would take the call depending on the velocity and the demand. But our aim is 
to ensure that we continue with this velocity to make it as a great sell out project in coming 
years.  

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Talwar AB Advisors. Please go ahead.  
 
Rahul Talwar: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Good evening. Sir, I had a few questions. So first one would be on, so it would be 
really helpful if you could update us on what is stopping us from launching the Kanjurmarg 
Project. And also, if you could update us on the project which is going on in Juhu?  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as I said earlier, Kanjurmarg Project is a larger one. While we want to launch the project, 
but we also need to look into all the approvals and formality which needs to be taken care, 
where we are moving progressively well in terms of our approval processes, and government 
permission, which we believe that in coming years, because this being a large projects, it 
requires environment clearance, it requires government NOC, it requires police housing NOC. 
There are “N” number of approvals which is required, which we are working on that. And 
hopefully in the next six to nine months, we should be having all of them in place and then we 
launch this project, so that we go at a smoother pace when we start the sale. So that's 
progressively well being taken care. 
 
  
And as Juhu is concerned, we were awaiting our RERA approvals to come in, which has come 
in October and the work at site has already started. The building has been demolished. 
Foundation work has already started over there in terms of excavation. So that is also 
progressing well and we should be on time to finish and probably take up sales over there.  
 
Rahul Talwar: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, how does your commercial pipeline look like let's say for next 
coming quarters? 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as we mentioned that our Sikova Project which is in Ghatkopar is already 66% sold and we 
are under finishing stage. So, usually commercial projects come under more demand when the 
project is nearing ready or getting or it is ready or completed. So, we are very confident that 
although we have sold at a very high percentage, it has already been sold, two-thirds of the 
project almost has been sold. During construction we are very confident the balance one-third 
will also be sold pretty soon, while we finish or just we are about to get ready and have OC. 
So, which is it a matter of next two quarters is what we see. 
 
Going forward, even our Bengaluru project, which is Ajmera Nucleus, there we received OC. 
We are getting good demand coming in from the different sectors over there. So, that should 
also be on the uptake in the coming quarter. And moving ahead, by next year, when we feel, 
when there is more and more demand coming and we see the price getting at the right time, we 
should be able to launch our commercial portfolio of Wadala too. So, I think in the coming 
quarters, these Sikova and Nucleus in Bengaluru will come up for their sales. And by next year 
sometime we should be able to launch our Wadala Commercial as well. I mean, we should be 
able to take decisions on our Wadala Commercial because we will start seeing active demand 
coming in from that segment as well. 
 
Rahul Talwar: 
Right. Got it. Sir, and my last question on the industry side. So, would like to know how will 
hike and repo rate impact the real estate market? Do you feel it impacted the demand 
especially during the festive season? 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, we have, as I said earlier, even though the demand, the interest rate has increased, but it 
has not significantly impacted the sales. I personally believe that, psychologically, the interest 
rate when it is you know around 8% or something 8% to 9%, but when the home loan 
threshold goes beyond 9%, that's when people would start feeling a little jittery or probably 
stop being a little resistant. But I am not seeing that happening too soon. And even if it 
happens as a strategy call, we probably might observe some of the interest rate to ensure the 
sales velocity don't dampen. But overall, in spite of the hike, we still feel that the demand is 
good and people are taking calls for such projects, where they feel confident about the progress 
and the brand which will deliver.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Avinash Gupta, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead.  
 

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Avinash Gupta: 
Yes. Hi. I'm a new investor in Ajmera to be honest. My basic question in terms of last 10 to 15 
years, the times for real estate were difficult. And you are one of the few companies who 
actually stood that test. Brand, there is no issues. Execution, obviously, is one of the best ones. 
That is what my experience says, to be honest. I'm looking at, what is the broad strategy, five, 
seven years down the line? Right? What are the kinds of - because residential we are already 
in. Execution is not an issue. We tested the difficult times, right. So, residential is the only area 
we're looking at or we are looking at other opportunities as well, like the re-development, the 
small breaks we're looking at right? But in terms of special situations from industrial parks, 
commercials, or even logistics and those areas as well. That is my question. 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes. So, as a part of our growth strategy, where we have internally decided that we want to 
grow 5x from where we are. The demand for real estate is looking good and overall market is 
supporting. We have shown and performed from the time post-COVID and we have seen 
significant improvement in our results. And that has been on the table and it has been seen. 
Moving forward, with our existing land banks, our strategy is very clear that we already own a 
significant amount of land within Mumbai region to make our company grow from where we 
are today and reach at 5x. But at the same time, having said that, we are also moving into asset 
light projects like JV/JD redevelopment and Juhu project is being one of that. We did the 
Sikova Project in Ghatkopar West and now we are doing the residential project in Ghatkopar 
East. Those kinds of projects will also come into the portfolio to make our company grow in 
different areas of the region. And at the same time, very aggressively looking at a few more 
redevelopment projects and JV/JD as a part of our growth strategy. Apart from this, obviously, 
with our existing land bank portfolios and projects, which we already have, which is already 
designed and towards the launch pipeline coming in the coming quarters and yes, in the next 
two to three years.  
 
Avinash Gupta: 
Okay. So basically, the focus or the mood is, whatever we have on the plate, right, and that is 
something that you want to look like.  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No, beyond what we have, we also are, as I said, we are discussing with existing developers 
who are in the need to do some JVs or JDs. And also with many societies in Bombay for re-
development projects in different regions. 
 
Avinash Gupta: 
Dhaval, my background is, I'm primarily a private equity guy, right almost 15, 20 years 
practically. Private Equity always because I can come from that perspective, right, private 
equity guy will always look at a company who has good credentials and execution skills. 
Okay. So, because we are seeing from Ajmera perspective, right? We have sustained those 10, 
12,15 years later, the previous one, right, where the market wasn't that great, right. Now 
probably is the time to take that quantum leap. And I personally feel, that is my, in the sense 
that, I will not say suggestion, but this is like my experience because private equity can surely 
help you guys in terms of putting up the business plan for areas which is outside residential.  
 
Residential, surely they can support. That's not an issue. That is a core area, right. But say in 
terms of logistics or in terms of even coming up with commercials or industrial parks or even 
smart cities to be honest, or even taking over distressed assets, the large distressed assets from 
the banks or from ARP, right, those kinds of things go to private equity guys will be willing to 
support you in terms of the financial.  
 
Execution, I think we have a complete team. Execution from my understanding, for Ajmera, 
execution is not an issue to be honest, because they have a pedigree 50, 60, 70 years of 
pedigree, right. The team is good. The team is good in the sense, even the family, there are six, 
seven, eight people, right, who can manage different verticals. So, I was coming more from 
that perspective, right. 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No. You are absolutely right. We are in active discussions with a lot of private equity players 
who are looking at having a platform level deal or probably come in at a greenfield or 
brownfield project, where they see significant support or significant confidence in us and 
obviously, with our experience and trajectory, they just want to see. But we are in good active 
discussion. So obviously as a part of our growth strategy, tie-up is also one of our segment 
where we are looking and we hope to crack some deals soon to probably announce maybe at a 
platform level or at entity level for a greenfield or brownfield project coming up soon.  

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Avinash Gupta: 
Because probably I'll say Arcel is something which is now practically controlled by Avery 
Capital, which was my previous organization, right. In terms of assets, there is one Daewoo 
Factory, which is around 47 acres, 48 acres of land in Noida, NCR. It's on the same 76, 77 
sector bench, which probably, I've recently seen it, it can be actually a good place for logistics 
cum residential kind of scheme.  
 
Now, my second question is we guys already have plans where we were looking to the 
demerge the particular business, right. Now, where do we stand in terms of NCLT on that?  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as I said, we are progressing on that. But the demerger process is on, but, we firmly believe 
that while we launch the project or we do some tie-up, there should be a confidence and 
demand also which for that sector which should come in, which we are fairly seeing 
incremental or progress in Wadala belt for commercial basis due to the infrastructure in 
coming sectors or infrastructure activities which are coming up in that belt. So, with those 
coming up, obviously, when once there is an infrastructure setup come in, automatically 
demand starts pouring in.  
 
So, we are seeing now with the Sewri-Nhava Sheva belt, which is obviously going to start 
operations next year, we are looking and seeing a lot of private equity players looking Wadala 
as the next commercial belt and even government over there is coming up with a lot of their 
offices and private IT parks or private commercial parks in that. So, definitely, that will be the 
next growth center after BKC because of its connectivity through to the entire Mumbai region. 
So, we will see some improvements coming in the coming year.  
 
Avinash Gupta: 
So, NCLT, do we have some finding? This hearing, which is going to be, I guess in November, 
right? Somewhere around 14th November or 15th November. Is that the final hearing or there 
will be steps after that as well? 
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
It is the final hearing. We will file the final petition and few times it did not came on the board 
because of the load kind of thing. So, that is where the stage at which we are and we are 
hopeful that once it comes, because it's a plain vanilla going into our 100% WOS kind of a 
thing.  
 
Avinash Gupta: 
So, the lead banker has already come on board? Lead bankers have come on board or? 
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
No, no. Not yet. We are in soft discussions because we want to complete this NCLT process, 
bring the asset into SPV level, and then very actively take the aggressive steps in that direction. 
 
Avinash Gupta: 
Makes sense. So, is there any date now for the NCLT hearing, the final one?  
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Yes. It's in the November month only. So, it's more like every monthly basis the dates are 
coming up. So, we are hopeful that once it comes on board, it should get through.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ankita Sharma from Newlin Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Ankita Sharma: 
Hi. Good evening. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I just had a couple of questions. I 
just wanted to check with you on the guidance for margins in the coming quarters. Like will 
we be able to sustain these margins going ahead or how's it going to go from here? 
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
See, as we have explained the margin traction, because of the composition of the projects like 
the Greenfinity which is unlevered project, Manhattan, which is a very high margin project, 
going forward Juhu also is a high margin and as well unlevered project. So, things of that sort, 
so, definitely, we are hopeful and confident that margin will be more of for expansion and it 
would be of sustainable basis.  
 
Ankita Sharma: 
Okay. And sir, also about debt, like any debt reduction plans that we have given that the 
secured debt has increased for this time compared to last quarters? Like how is the guidance on 
that? And like what would be the debt levels going forward or what are the numbers you're 
looking at? And also in terms of ratio, debt-equity ratio?  

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Sure. So, debt-equity ratio, although the absolute term has gone up, but the debt-equity ratio 
remained stable at 1.11. So that shows that the margin and the network is also expanding to 
have stable growth debt equity ratio. Having said that, the guidance on the debt side kind of 
thing, because we are in the growth trajectory, so, at a project level, there will be construction 
finance and such kind of instruments, which will definitely be involved and which would be 
requiring to fuel our growth kind of thing. But the kind of operating cash flow repatriation 
from the UK market, which has started in this particular, post this quarter two, so, that all and 
the monetization of an asset is also under the card and which is progressing well. So, things of 
that sort, all put together should really help us to bring down this particular debt to a very 
sustainable and as well, we are working on a very strategic position. So, on a couple of project 
level, where we can bring this entire debt to a much, much below one and significantly below 
one. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shashank Mahajan from Value Educator. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Shashank Mahajan: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on our international projects, 
specifically from the London. So, we were expecting some repatriation. So, like, anything is 
expected in this financial year, because now the situation in Europe is difficult? 
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Certainly. So, I'm happy to say that, post, immediately on the closer of this quarter two, we 
have received one, and the first repatriation. And we are going to see a very series of 
repatriation expecting the next one in the few days. And that's how within FY23, we are 
confident of the repatriation to happen. And as against the Bahrain, which is also a distant kind 
of thing, because we have inventory entitlement there. So, there also within, 1.5 years, 2 years, 
we should be having the repatriation initiated. 
 
Shashank Mahajan: 
Okay. So can you please specify the amounts if possible, how much we already received and 
how much is expecting and the timelines for that? 
  
Nitin Bavisi: 
On actual, we have received about INR5 crore from UK, which is the first tranche of the 
repatriation. And within FY23, we are hopeful the balance, which is about INR70 crore plus. 
 
Shashank Mahajan: 
Okay. And my second question is, like, initially, we have launched this Pune project, and then 
like, I think, from last quarter onwards, it's not there on our presentation. So are we expecting 
to launch it in future or it is like not in a pipeline right now? 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Which project? 
 
Shashank Mahajan: 
Pune. 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, Pune Project, we are under discussion. And as we are already finalizing the planning of it, 
and we are tweaking a bit to ensure we get better velocity of sales and approval. So, we are 
hopeful, in the coming year, we should be able to launch some over there.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harish Shah from H.S. Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Harish Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just have one question. Like, do we have more of a kind of 
redevelopment opportunities? Just we have that one in the Juhu?  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
As I said, you know, redevelopment is a long-term process where we obviously a lot of people, 
members from the society are involved. And they have their selection process and the tender 
process. As we speak today, we are actively working on at least 10 to 14 redevelopment 
opportunities. Obviously, none being closed so far. But that takes time, that we are actively in 
discussions with a few and hopeful to close a few in the coming quarters. And then it will take 
its steps towards planning, development, agreement and approvals, etc. But that's where we are 
actively working on that.  
 

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Harish Shah: 
Okay. Thanks. And if we can talk something about the monetization timeline for the pipeline 
projects. The monetization timelines of the future projects?  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as we said that we have projects around INR4000 crore odd in sales revenue coming in the 
next three to five years from our already planned and assigned projects, which we should be 
able to launch, and some have been already launched, some are under pipeline, some will get 
launched in the next year time. And these will come under light, and in the next three to five 
years, we should have the revenue recognized in our books.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kasturi from LKP Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Kasturi: 
Yes. Good evening. Yes. Thank you so much for this opportunity. I just had a couple of 
questions. One, beginning with Wadala in particular. Now we see a huge land bank here and 
quite a lot of potential, yet we're looking at only around one MSF I'm not wrong. So, is there 
any particular reason for this conservative approach?  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, we are, it's not 1 million, it's more, but we bring up to our books and under the launch, 
things after we probably look into all the approvals processes and planning and everything. 
And if I, while we have the land bank, at the same time, we also need to look at the demand 
requirements from that particular micro market. If I primarily launch, let's say, 2 million square 
feet at a time, it's not that I will be able to have demand for 2 million square feet. So, we have 
seen this micro market improving from time to time and if demand also getting more and with 
that, we significantly, progressively feel that we will launch as we see the demand in 
Manhattan, at least one-third being completed and sold. In the coming years, we will see a 
better results coming and we should be able to launch a new project soon. So, that we just want 
to take step by step and then probably put, otherwise, it will just not give us that kind of 
pricing and demand velocity, if I launch everything together. 
 
Kasturi: 
Right. Right. I understand. And if I may squeeze in one last thing, specifically connected to 
Bengaluru. We see the collection from Bengaluru slightly lesser and again, is there any reason 
why and what kind of, what is the status of projects in this market? 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, we have two projects currently going on in Bengaluru, sorry, three. One is Nucleus and one 
is Lugaano & Florenza. So, there are three projects which are going on. Nucleus is seeing 
better, you know we have got part occupation certificate for the project, and part is balanced, 
and the Lugaano and Florenza is now under construction phase, and we will start looking at 
better demands coming in. And we will start looking at numbers coming from these projects 
also in the coming quarter. So, these are the two projects where we are currently working on 
and hopefully to have a few more in coming time.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the floor back 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
I really thank everybody to take out this time at you know evening and participate into our 
growth story and showcasing and giving us the opportunity to showcase our credentials and 
growth journey. And we look forward to interact with each one of you personally and virtually 
and showcase as we move forward. Till then, stay safe, stay happy. Thank you. Good night.  
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of the Dolat Capital, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
Contact Info:  
E-mail: ir@ajmera.com  
Website: www.ajmera.com 
 
Registered Office:  
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Ltd,2nd Floor, Citi Mall, Andheri Link Road  
Andheri (West), Mumbai – 400053  
Maharashtra.  
Phone : 022 - 6698 4000  
 
CIN No: L27104MH1985PLC035659 
 
 
 
 
