 
November 18, 2022 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings conference call organized on November 11, 2022. 
We are enclosing herewith the ‘Transcript’ of Earnings Conference Call organized on November 11, 2022 
post declaration of un-audited financial results of the Company for the second quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2022.  
 
 
Please take the information on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
 
 
 
Anusha Kanumuru 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Company Code No. VIJAYA 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street  
Mumbai- 400 001 
Company Code No. 543350 
ANUSHA 
KANUMURU
Digitally signed by ANUSHA KANUMURU 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=3254, 
pseudonym=fffd36f6287d9b3a07b86db2d38a8948, 
2.5.4.20=9E7E94962DFDAC799E8EEDD73E467546DAD
14CABAB29AFDE019C3D629B9959B4, 
postalCode=500008, st=Andhra Pradesh, 
serialNumber=98a308c3c38e7f0283d4a042f1c53ab39c
75f7f62dfb8dd5b03511ce2b4a2b47, cn=ANUSHA 
KANUMURU 
Date: 2022.11.18 10:32:58 +05'30'

 
 
 Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call  
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
  
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 11, 2022 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the earnings conference call of Vijaya 
Diagnostic Centre Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, and over 
to you. 
Anoop Poojari:  
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and a very warm welcome to Vijaya Diagnostic 
Centers Q2 and FY ‘23 earnings conference call. We have with us, Ms. Suprita Reddy, Chief 
Executive Officer; Mr. Sunil Chandra, Executive Director; Mr. Narasimha Raju, Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Siva Rama Raju, Head - Strategy of the Company.  
We will like to begin the call with opening remarks from the management followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements 
made in today's call, may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Ms. Suprita Reddy to make her opening remarks.  
Suprita Reddy:  
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I'd like to take this opportunity today to welcome 
each one of you to this forum, on behalf of the management team of Vijaya Diagnostic 
Center Limited.  
I will first present the key highlights for the period after which Mr. Narasimha Raju will 
take you through the operational and financial highlights of the quarter and half year 
ended 30th September, 2022.  
The second quarter saw a healthy improvement in the demand for Non-COVID business 
across all segments. The Company managed to enhance its network and make 
considerable progress on its calibrated expansion plan. The Wellness business is showing 
positive results and the Company continues to increase its revenue share from this 
segment. During Q2 FY ‘23, the Wellness segment recorded its highest ever contribution 
to revenues at 12.4%. This being the case, we are quite sure that the integrated diagnostic 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 2 of 13 
 
 
service providers derived major business from B2C will not be influenced by competition 
of different formats.  
I'm glad to announce the commencement of operations of a one of its kind center 
Panjagutta. This center is spread across 16,000 square feet. The facility is the first in South 
India to introduce a walk-in, walk-out dual source cardiac CT, and a biometric three tesla 
MRI apart from advanced imaging equipment such as a PET CT and Gamma camera.  
During Q2FY23, we successfully commissioned one hub at Rajahmundry and 12 new spoke 
centers. A few of these spoke centers were set up to capture upcoming pockets across 
Hyderabad. This helped us ease up existing centers in the region, facing capacity 
constraints. These spoke centers also strengthened our hubs and contributed to positive 
growth in volumes. These small sized spoke centers are over and above our initial plan of 
expanding by 15 more centers in  FY23.  
I'm also happy to share that we have recently migrated all our centers and labs across the 
network to a more efficient, robust, and comprehensive ERP that will enhance operational 
efficiency, enable construction of useful and informative analytics, facilitate and 
interactive customer interface, help engage the customer and make the entire experience 
more complete and wholesome.   
We are determined to stay committed to our systematically planned strategy and the 
business initiatives, which we believe will enable us to grow and strengthen our brand in 
our key markets. We will continue to intelligently expand into profitable tier 2 and tier 3 
cities, across home markets and untapped edges in geographies. The promising dynamics 
of the Indian diagnostic sector coupled with our innate capabilities and that of being a 
trusted brand of choice will surely enable us to maintain steady growth in time to come.  
With this, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Mr. Narasimha Raju, who will take us 
through the operational and financial highlights for the period. Thank you.   
Narasimha Raju:  
Thank you madam. Good afternoon and warm welcome to everyone joining us on the call 
today. I will briefly take you through the Company's operating and financial performance 
for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2022.  
The consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at INR 121 crore as against INR 113 crore 
in Q2FY22. During the current quarter, the Company continued to witness month on 
month improvement in Non-COVID test volumes.  
Also, the transition in the revenue mix profile from COVID to Non-COVID continued in the 
current quarter as well. The  Non-COVID business revenues stood at INR 117 crore 
comprising 97% of our revenue share as against 90% revenue share in Q2FY22. Overall, 
our Non-COVID business registered a growth of 15.1% year on year while COVID revenues 
registered a decline of 67.6% on a year on year basis. The number of footfall stood 0.85 
million as compared to 0.87 million in Q2FY22. The number of tests registered a year-on- 
year increase of 11% from 2.36 million to 2.63 million. The number of tests per footfall has 
also increased to 3.09 in the current quarter from 2.72 in the last year Q2. The revenue 
per test was INR 459 and revenue per footfall was INR 1,418 during the current quarter.  

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 3 of 13 
 
 
EBITDA for the current quarter was at INR 49 crore as against INR 51 crore in the 
corresponding previous period. EBITDA margin stood healthy at 40.4%. Higher Non-COVID 
revenues, the test volumes coupled with the operating labor assisted us to achieve EBITDA 
margin above 40% despite the cost incurred due to this recently commission centers.  
The profit after tax for the current quarter stood at INR 23 crore and the surplus cash 
balance amounted to INR 249 crore as of September 2022.  
I will now summarize our performance for the half year ended September 2022. 
Consolidated revenue stood at INR 225 crore as against INR 235 crore in H1FY22. The Non- 
COVID business comprised 97% of our revenue share as against 82% revenue sharing in 
H1FY22. Our B2C share stood healthy at 94% in H1FY23. EBITDA stood at INR 89 crore as 
against INR 108 crore in the corresponding previous year. EBITDA margin stood at 39.4% 
and the profit of tax was INR 41 crore.  
In conclusion, I would like to say that both the internal and external factors both well for 
Vijaya’s growth and we remain confident of delivering consistent performance going 
forward.  
This brings me to end of my address, I would now request the moderator to open the line 
for the Q&A session. Thank you.   
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press * and 1 on touchtone phone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from question line you may press * and 2.  Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. We have a first question from the line of Aaashita Jain 
from Nuvama. Please go ahead.   
Aashita Jain: 
I have three questions. Firstly Raju could you help me with the growth rate three year 
CAGR for this quarter i.e from Q2FY20 to Q2FY23 on the Non-COVID side?   
Siva Rama Raju: 
So Aashita may be we roughly grew at a CAGR of 8.5%. But that's not the correct number 
to see because in 2020, specifically in Q2, there was a dengue outbreak in Hyderabad. That 
particular year, you know, in just Q2 itself, we roughly did about Rs. 90 crore of revenue, 
which was a high on dengue and you know, malaria testing. That point in time, we roughly 
got about, say, Rs. 10 crore of revenue from this segment, which is not the case in the 
current year. So even with that, if you see we've probably grown at 8% to 8.5% CAGR.   
Aashita Jain: 
And since we're already in the month of November, and you've mentioned that we are 
growing month on month. Just wanted to understand your take on the seasonality of the 
Q2 and how the volumes picking up in October month?   
Suprita Reddy:  
For this particular geography, Q2 and Q4 are pretty seasonal in nature, Aashita. So typically 
we do see that Q1 and Q3 are more healthier quarters down her and looking at the, 
actually, if we do see Q2, we've seen lot of fever packages and a lot of more of basic 
radiology, wellness business do well. So that's a good sign. But we should always keep in 
mind that Q3 is going to be seasonally a little probably a lower quarter and Q4 can be a 
better quarter for us.   

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 4 of 13 
 
 
Aashita Jain: 
Secondly on the Panjagutta and Rajahmundry, I think it's commenced both the centers 
now, and I understand your peak revenues will take time say two, three years, but your 
fixed cost is already hitting the P&L. Is it possible, could you quantify the opex from just 
these two facilities, which is currently in our P&L this quarter?   
Narasimha Raju:  
So Aashita as we mentioned earlier the large format centers, have commissioned now, 
both the Rajahmundry and Panjagutta like Rajahmundry commissioned in August and then 
Panjagutta recently. But from last five to six months few of their costs are sitting in the 
P&L. So if you come to a number roughly like 0.9% to 1% of the EBITDA is impacted because 
of these cost coming from these two major centers and also couple of smaller format 
centers also. But these two centers form the major number of the total fixed cost sitting 
to the P&L.   
Suprita Reddy:  
Just to add to that, it's also because of the advanced and very high-end center, we also do 
that, because we invest in people. You're getting the best in class technology, but you also 
want to make sure that they're trained and the centers are ready to take on a load. And 
keeping that point in mind, we still say that normally the breakeven happens as per three 
quarters is what we say, but we also make sure that we keep in mind that this cost is there 
for about four, five months, six months in advance because this is what is going to drive 
the volumes in these centers going forward. And it's just, in fact, today's the exact third 
month anniversary of Rajahmundry. So one quarter completed there and Panjagutta has 
just opened very large center with very advanced technology so training is a crucial part 
there.   
Aashita Jain: 
Thank you. And lastly on your app. So any update on your digital app and the digital 
initiatives?   
Suprita Reddy:  
Yes, Aashita like I mentioned in the speech, the lab information software and the ERP have 
just gone live on 1st of November, so they are in a state of stabilization at the moment. In 
fact, we did it all together in one go. So probably give it a month's time for the links to 
settle in and then we release the app. The app is absolutely ready at the backend. And the 
app and the website will both be in line once we release the app, probably December 2nd 
week or so.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio 
Managers. Please go ahead.   
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. As we are adding 15 locations and you know, we are trying 
to move beyond greater Hyderabad, could you give us some sense, you know, what could 
be the pricing difference in these smaller towns versus a local player by us? And down the 
line, is the strategy to get basic pathology services first in some of these tier two, three 
towns and then get them to move to radiology and ensure stickiness? Is that the plan in 
tier two, tier three, or it is just a pathology focus, which is enough for us to grow?   
Suprita Reddy:  
So like we've mentioned earlier, we normally go with the concept of going in with a large 
format hub first. So it's never this pathology, in fact, it's a large size center, about 6,000 to 
10,000 square feet with both pathology and radiology. And once that stabilizes, then we 
start adding this spoke. It's never been a strategy to go with only pathology or a B2B kind 
of a business model into any geography that we go to. And the second thing is definitely 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 5 of 13 
 
 
there is a pricing decrease in these tier two and tier three places. I think it should be about 
10 to 15% lower than what would be the charge that we do in the core Hyderabad market.   
Prakash Kapadia: 
And the pricing in these, you know, smaller towns and cities, how would they compare it 
with, say, a local player?   
Suprita Reddy:  
It would be comparable, and that is why it's about 10 to 15% lower. Because in fact, in 
Hyderabad itself we are pretty affordable, and we are more or less priced at the 
unorganized sector level. So that is why you're seeing only a 10 to 15% lower gap there in 
tier two and tier three.   
Prakash Kapadia: 
Understood. In Hyderabad, what is the sense you are getting from new age players? I was 
trying to understand about, you know, competitive pricing in Hyderabad. So you know, is 
pricing pressure increased from new edge players? Is it same? Is it decreased? What is the 
sense, you know, pricing in the Hyderabad market?   
Siva Rama Raju:  
So Prakash, if you see the average revenue per test in the quarter two also, right, so we 
are on track. So as of now, we have not reduced the price because we are not seeing the 
pressure and today in Hyderabad if you see still the revenue that we get from  online 
players is like less than 1% of our revenue. So in fact, in Q2, because like when you have 
this seasonality effect, so we have seen lot of testing in the basic and in the routine testing 
also coming back to us. So as of now we are not seeing any pressure on pricing.   
Prakash Kapadia: 
if I look at the first half results, you know, our PAT is down roughly INR 20 crore or around 
32%. You did mention, you know, some of the front ending of the expenses. So if I were to 
just try quantify these, you know, front ending expenses in terms of employees, opex and 
your incremental depreciation on some of the newer, large centers, so would, would that 
all amount to INR 10 crore of the INR 20 crore kind of fall? Is that a fair understanding?   
Narasimha Raju:  
Prakash, I’l just explain this. If you look at the numbers, try, you might see that the half-
year PAT, there's a dip from around INR 60 crore to INR 40 crore,. Because of the 
preoperative expenses that I was talking, which is just like a 0.9% to 1% impact on EBITDA. 
The main reason is, as you know, last year was like a COVID year. In Q1, almost we did INR 
30 crore revenue in the last year Q1 and also in the last year Q2, approximately like a INR 
10 crore. So there is a reason why your EBITDA margin was sitting at almost close to 45.9% 
in the last year. As we highlighted in a general Non-COVID scenario, we expect a regular 
EBITDA margin of 39% to 40%, what we achieved in the current quarter. So if you see that 
clearly there is 6% to 6.2% margin difference is there from the last year first half to the 
current year first half, which boiled down to PAT level, apart from the below EBITDA, there 
is also increase the depreciation, interest because of the new centers that we added. So 
last year, post September, 2021, we added almost close to 10 new centers. And also in the 
current six months we added almost close to like 18 centers. So because of that the 
interest in depreciation because of India's 116 national numbers also have gone, which 
impacted in the PAT from 26% to almost close to 18% to 19%. But broadly the 6% gap is 
mainly coming from EBITDA margin level, which was due to the COVID season in the last 
first half.    
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes. So if I add all these notional and the depreciation, it should come to INR 8 crore to INR 
9 crore roughly, if not INR 10 crore, is what I was trying to understand. And lastly, from my 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 6 of 13 
 
 
side, you know, after four quarters we've seen a sequential improvement in Sales and PAT. 
So you know, going forward for the balance of the year in the coming quarters, what are 
we doing to ensure this trend continues for us and you know, we continue to grow on a 
sequential basis.   
Siva Rama Raju: 
So Prakash, our efforts are always there and we are on track on opening our new centers 
where we are also going to come up with new hubs in the tier two, tier three towns where 
you'll get the fresh revenue. Apart from that, you know, the focus on the wellness and also 
with the few digital initiatives, you know, we can increase the efficiencies at our current 
centers where we are facing the capacity constraints. So I think like for the current year, 
like as we were indicating earlier also because the transition from COVID to Non- COVID is 
happening. So we would be in that, 13% to 15% year-on-year growth on Non- COVID for 
the current year. And going forward, we are sticking to our 15% growth.   
Moderator:  
We have a next question from the line of Aneesh Deora from Nomura Holdings. Please go 
ahead.   
Aneesh Deora: 
Yes, hi thanks for taking my question. So I have just one question about like six months 
back one of the organized retail pharmacy chains had announced the opening of a full 
fledged diagnostic center in Hyderabad, which is one of your core markets, I mean, which 
is your core market in fact. So just wanted your comments around whether you consider 
such opening as a potential threat or your views about how the competitive intensity is 
going to play out going forward?  
Siva Rama Raju: 
So in fact, see Vijaya being a 40 year old player in the market and being the market leader, 
we are still say we would be like having less than 20% of the market share today because 
for every price there exists a market and these models are not new. Even previously also 
like we were having other players offering services at different prices. I think  in healthcare 
it's you know, more than pricing it's about the trust and also the quality of diagnostics, etc. 
So we have a different kind of clientele and we believe that, we will not neither venture 
into these models nor  these models will affect our business. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Aditya Khandelwal from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead.   
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand do we have a very good doctor 
connect in Hyderabad who refer the patients to Vijaya? The reason why I'm asking this 
question is to just understand will it be difficult for the new player to take you know take 
market share away from us because of the relations we have developed with doctors over 
the years? Or is there any other reason you think it will be difficult for other players, you 
know, to take to take the market share away from us in Hyderabad?   
Suprita Reddy:  
So I think it's not about a relation with the doctor. Like we mentioned earlier, see there 
are two people that we treat as a customers. The first one is the customer's walking into 
our center, and the second one who's the doctor who's actually referring that patient 
without certain clinical history and a diagnosis is going to be not complete and holistic in 
nature. Being in the market for 40 years has created trust is not in the customer, but also 
in the doctors. And like we mentioned earlier, there's a lot of work that we do that we 
have made our standards, gold standards, like in Epilepsy’s and PET CT and Oncology 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 7 of 13 
 
 
imaging, we have more than 120 full-time radiology consultants sitting here and it's like a 
tertiary care center. So we do make sure that we, like Siva mentioned earlier, it's about 
quality and we never compromise on that. And if we talk about Panjagutta centre today, a 
diagnostic center bringing in a walk-in, walk-out dual source CT is the second in India as of 
today. That's also because of the kind of work we do and the kind of consultants that we 
have with us. So we do have a relationship both with our doctors and customers. That is 
only because without a proper history, however, even going to report a case which is 
probably not possible on an inferior quality of technology or a lesser experienced kind of 
consultants sitting in one of the more unorganized or cost competitive kind of centre.   
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Right, okay. And are there any plans open more centers in Hyderabad or we have reached 
the saturation point over there?   
Suprita Reddy:  
I would not say we reached a saturation, but our concentration is to actually move into 
remote areas into Andhra and Telangana, Tier 3 and adjacent geographies where we do 
see scope in Hyderabad, we will continue to put up smaller format centers. We are not 
looking at adding any more large hub centers immediately in the near future until and 
unless we see a capacity constraint. So whatever new hub, large format centers will come, 
will be in West Bengal, the adjacent geographies and in rest of Andhra, and rest of 
Telangana market.   
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Right, we have been seeing and increasing in the share of our wellness testing for, and this 
trend has been in our peers as well. So just wanted to know from you, what do you think 
is driving the increase in wellness testing?   
Suprita Reddy:  
So there are two things here. One thing I would definitely say is COVID has brought a lot 
of change in the mindset of the people itself. That itself is when driving for just not for us, 
for the entire industry. They've become healthier, they're thinking better. So that's one. 
And the second thing that we like to see is not just us, if you look at even our peers, you've 
seen an improvement in this line. Even though we always keep talking about aggregators 
coming in, you still see that customers prefer to walk into centers where they can put a 
face, where they can talk to a consultant. And this is actually driving the business. In fact, 
this was a segment where I think in the Q1 call we had mentioned that we will have to see 
how this sector will take off. It's actually doing better. We are seeing more walk-ins come 
in for this wellness. And we are also seeing that we have a larger footfall in this sector 
because we are integrated, we have both radiology and pathology and that's giving a more 
holistic and a full checkup. So we in fact see this growing given coming in near future with 
the app releasing in December. So we'll just have to wait and see. But we're very confident 
of this sector growing.   
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Right. And ma'am, what are the economics like for this bundle packaging? Does it make 
Company level margins or lower margins? Because if the share of this increases, how will 
the margin profile change for the Company? 
Suprita Reddy:  
I would not say that the margins would be same. They'll be slightly lower, but it would not 
make a large difference in the overall EBITDA going forward. Probably the pricing would 
be about 10%, 15% lower, not greater than that.   

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 8 of 13 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Girish Bakhru from OrbiMed. Please 
go ahead.   
Girish Bakhru: 
Yes, hi actually going back to same question that probably has been asked before in 
previous calls that with these two centers now firing, and overall momentum in radiology 
pretty good, what is the mix that we will see, let's say two, three years down the line, 
pathology versus radiology?   
Siva Rama Raju: 
So Girish, at a network level there may not be a big shift, you know, depending on season 
to season you'll see like 1% to 2%, you know here and there because last quarter you've 
seen radiology 66 and in the current quality of seen pathology at 66, right. But coming to 
Panjagutta and Rajahmundry generally hubs are like radiology heavy, and spokes are 
where, you know, where you get a higher amount from pathology. So definitely in center 
like Panjagutta, so you'll be seeing about, you know, 50, 55% of revenue coming from 
radiology. But again, we have to wait and watch. Right. And you know, 40, 45% of revenue 
coming from pathology because they have all the modalities like PET-CT, gamma camera 
and the high-end MRI and CT.   
Girish Bakhru: 
But realization or general value of radiology is higher. Assuming that, so I mean, what you 
were saying, if the mix is same, growth in pathology volumes ALSO is very strong, is that 
the correct way?  
Suprita Reddy:  
Growth in pathology is strong, Girish. In fact, even if you look at number of tests going up 
now in wellness will also be a greater mix of pathology, right. So overall on a Company 
level with a few more hubs adding also, we would still say that it'd be very good if that 
ratio gets maintained at that 65-35, two to three years down the lane because you'll still 
see new hubs coming up in new geographies and they take another one year for spokes to 
come up and to maintain that ratio of 65-35 is what we try to achieve.   
Girish Bakhru: 
Okay. And just on related to this, I mean given that looking at this quarter and good to see 
that revenue per footfall is largely to those previous levels before COVID, but revenue per 
tests is still lower. How should one read that then?   
Siva Rama Raju: 
No, it's not actually lower. So if you see we were at, Non-COVID revenue per test is about 
470. In this last quarter we were at you know, 460. Its because you've seen the pathology 
revenue growing in that quarter because of the seasonality effect you know, pathology 
was about 67% of the revenue. That's the reason. And also the other fact is that even in 
radiology, because we have opened more and more spokes in the last one, one and a half 
year, you've got lots of contribution from basic radiology where the average revenue per 
test is low, it's more of a mixed change and where you have seen the 2% change on the 
average revenue per test.   
Girish Bakhru: 
And just lastly, when you said you open more spokes, these are new spokes largely around 
these two new hubs, right?   
Suprita Reddy:  
Not these two, Girish. So they would be around more of the newer hubs that you’re seeing, 
like the Rajahmundry hubs, the ones that are coming up in future, I don’t know if you told 
them already, the edges in geographies, the Gulbarga, those are the areas that you'll be 
seeing a lot more spokes add up. Like I told you, we see that when there's an expansion of 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 9 of 13 
 
 
geography and Hyderabad or there's a capacity constraint, only then do we add the spoke 
in the existing geography.   
Siva Rama Raju: 
So in the last one and a half years, the spokes were opened, you know, closer to our 
existing hubs.   
Suprita Reddy:  
Yes. In rest of Telangana. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Priya Harwani from Perpetuity 
Venture LLP. Please go ahead.   
Priya Harwani: 
Thanks for the opportunity ma'am. So I have couple of questions firstly on your plan 
regarding addition of labs for the next two to three years, like you have already mentioned 
in last two to three quarters that you'll be adding 15 labs per annum. So is this plan like 
are you targeting the same this time also?   
Suprita Reddy:  
So Priya, 15 centers is combination of three to four hubs versus rest of them being spokes. 
So the plan is to continue that and the plan is to continue to open these hubs in the rest 
of Andhra, Telangana and adjacent geographies and West Bengal. And we are I think going 
as per plan on that.   
Priya Harwani: 
Understood. And what would be the capex for our second half of FY ‘23?   
Narasimha Raju:  
So Priya, as we indicated this year is a different financial year with large hub like Panjagutta 
and Rajahmundry. So that is why we estimated, in the previous quarter that this financial 
year capex will be somewhere around INR 110 crore to INR 115 crore because of 
Panjagutta and other large hubs. So already for the first half the capex was approximately 
INR 89 crore to INR 90 crore. So as per the target, we need to open one more hub and 
three to four more spokes, which will add up to the guidance of INR 110 crore to INR 115 
crore for this current financial year. But I will just add one more point. So we are targeting 
other hubs like as we mentioned, like Kolkata, Gulbarga, Tirupati which are planned for 
the next financial year. The work is already going on at these centers in case successfully, 
we complete these two or three hubs in the last quarter of this financial year for 
accounting purpose that capitalization might come and sit in this financial year. But that 
will be good to us because the revenue also will start. So otherwise for the current year 
guidance of 15 centers, including 4 hubs and 11 spokes, the capex for the current financial 
year will be around like INR 110 crore to INR 115 crore.   
Priya Harwani: 
Understood. Just one clarification on the guidance part, I think you mentioned 13 to 15% 
growth going forward, is it?   
Narasimha Raju: 
Yes. On the Non-COVID revenue.   
Priya Harwani: 
Understood. Just one last question, like just sort of curiosity on your Panjagutta and 
Rajahmundry, how you are seeing demand from the last month in these two facilities?   
Siva Rama Raju: 
So Priya, Panjagutta, we just launched about eight days. And then, Rajahmundry we just 
completed the third month and the numbers are in….  

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 10 of 13 
 
 
Suprita Reddy:  
Line with what we had projected and in fact there's a lot of demand for high-end testing 
which we did not expect to see so fast. So I think Rajahmundry is definitely given us good 
vibes and it's in line with what we've projected and Panjagutta, like we've mentioned, it's 
just been eight days, probably I'll be able to give you a better picture, but we are very 
confident about Panjagutta’s growth also.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Namit Mehta from KC Capital. Please 
go ahead.   
Namit Mehta: 
Hi. Congratulations on this quarter. Just one question that I had. When you look at opening 
new hubs how large must the population be of that town or city for it to be viable? Have 
you done some sort of calculation around that? Just curious to get a rough sense of that? 
Suprita Reddy:  
Namit thank you so much. And I would say that probably we don't have a formula or we 
don't look at going to a market with that kind of strategy. But we do look at towns where 
we see that they're more like district headquarters or there's a Government medical 
college where you have about 200, 150 kilometers of population coming into that town or 
a smaller kind of city. So if you look at Kurnool per se, we did not look at Kurnool population 
wise, but we looked at Kurnool into how much of feeding comes into Kurnool. So we 
normally look at those, the dense, probably the housing, the affordability of the population 
in that area, and availability of say two or three medical Government hospitals and one 
medical college. This is something that helps us understand the market and decide 
whether a hub is feasible there.   
Namit Mehta: 
Understood. And so just to take Rajahmundry as an example. Can that market take 
multiple hubs over a period of time? You know, can that scale up to two or three hubs 
within Rajahmundry or is sort of one hub the max that you can go to in a town? 
Suprita Reddy:  
I would not say that it would take up three hubs as of today, but at the pace at which 
Rajahmundry is growing, probably it will take up two more hubs going forward. But it has 
capacity to take in a lot of spokes and the affordability is very high in that particular 
geography. And we don't have a Vijaya center in a vicinity of 200 kilometers. And the 
technology that is there is something that patients were traveling all the way to a 
Vijayawada to Hyderabad to get that kind of testing done. And that is why we see that the 
center is ramping up well already, and then you have in a close proximity of Rajahmundry 
about five medical colleges. That is the basic out view of Rajahmundry, but if you ask me, 
ma'am, will you add one more up in the next one year; no, we will give some time for this 
to actually stabilize and then probably look at adding one more.   
Namit Mehta: 
Understood. Thanks. Thanks so much. That's all from my side.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sudhir an individual investor. Please 
go ahead.   
Sudhir:  
Hi. So my questions are mostly answered, but I have a couple of questions. Say, considering 
the EBITDA margins moderating now close to the pre COVID levels of around 37% to 40%, 
can this be considered a sustainable level or do you think this 40% to 44% that we've seen 
in the last two years is still let’s say given on a long term basis? What I'm trying to 
understand is the cyclicality of the margins. Is this a common phenomenon here?   

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 11 of 13 
 
 
Narasimha Raju:  
So as we informed in the earlier communications, we are quite confident on 39% to 40% 
sustainable margins, in the long run on Non-COVID revenues. So that's what we are 
confident. And if you talk about, in the short term, there might be a few percentage of 
drag might be there because currently we are expanding with large center formats in and 
around Hyderabad, like Gulbarga, Tirupati, Kolkata and also the revenue transition is 
happening from COVID to Non-COVID. So because of these couple of points in the short 
term quarter on quarter, there might be a drag of few basis points. But what we are 
confident is this 39% to 40% sustainable margins on Non-COVID revenues going forward.   
Sudhir:  
So, another question is on, do we have the franchising model already or we are yet to have 
that kind of a model? I'm assuming that we have mostly owner operated model at this 
point.   
Suprita Reddy:  
So Sudhir, we've done a lot of brainstorming on the franchisee model, but keeping this 
integrated kind of model with both radiology and pathology and radiology being a lot in 
terms of an opinion that we give rather than something that we get like in your lab, we 
decided to make sure we maintain this quality and have all Company owned centers, but 
saying that we are not saying we are absolutely averse to that, but immediately in near 
future, we've not planned anything and all of the centers that you see today are Company 
owned centers.   
Sudhir:  
I'm asking this question because the presentation you said you'll be leveraging the, this 
owner and franchisee model.   
Suprita Reddy:  
Like I told you Sudhir, it is not that we are not planning to do it, but immediately in the 
near future there's enough and more than growth that we see for the Company to start 
centers. So, we've not, we don't have anything concrete in plan, but if there's something 
that comes up, it will surely do it.   
Sudhir:  
Yes. So another question pertaining to this, I just wanted to understand how does this 
auger for the current business in terms of margins, assuming your focus, maybe at a later 
point regarding franchise model.  
Narasimha Raju:  
Currently, what we are expecting, assuming that all the centers are owned by the 
Company, that on 40% on a sustainable basis. But once we get into a franchisee model,  
you need to leave something on the table for the other partner. And generally what we 
have seen is that okay, there will be a revenue share mechanism. Something like 20% to 
25% and then 70% to 75. So, if you go with this model, for the centers under franchising 
model there will be dip in the EDITDA margins to that extent. But the object of doing that 
is to ramp up the revenue in those new markets quick and also you need not have that 
management bandwidth in those small format centers. You need not spend a lot of time 
there, but you can quickly ramp up in those areas if you go with this kind of model.   
Sudhir:  
So, one last question. This is regarding the new equipment, the dual source CT and the PET 
CT, MRI, which you already launched it here in Panjagutta branch. So, I just wanted to 
understand having this high-end equipment, will it add to the topline considering the 
pricing should be at a premium?   

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 12 of 13 
 
 
Siva Rama Raju:  
See we are not going to charge anything premium on the price except for few high end 
tests which are not available in the current network. So, on the topline, yes, definitely, 
Panjagutta is going to contribute a good chunk of revenue in the coming years in the span 
of next three to four years. But on the pricing front only few tests are where we have the, 
we are going to have a differential pricing, but all other regular tests will be like normal, 
like any other branch.   
Sudhir:  
Okay, so will this new equipment, this high-end equipment will be eventually rolled out 
into the other reference or hub labs eventually. Is there any exclusivity to Panjagutta 
branch, since the cost of equipment and probably the rentals should also be on the higher 
side?  
Siva Rama Raju:  
So as now Sudhir it is only for Panjagutta branch. See, because first of all, Hyderabad itself 
has got that equipment today, right. And the best part of this equipment is the number of 
scans, the throughput of this machine is high. For example, if you're doing say something 
like 10, 15, 20 scans on a regular machine, you'll be able to do perform the scans quicker 
with 35 scans per day where the revenue output for each mission, you know, there's a lot 
of difference.   
Suprita Reddy:  
Also more than that, it’s the safety of the patient. This dual source walk-in, walk-out CT 
basically CT scan is known for little amount of radiation. This is very, very negligible 
radiation to the patient. So in terms of safety, this is the best equipment that you can have 
as of today.   
Moderator:  
We have a next question from the line of Aneesh Deora from Nomura. Please go ahead.   
Aneesh Deora: 
Yes. Thanks for allowing the follow up. So I see the revenue per test is around INR 460. I 
just wanted a sense about how this varies for the radiology and the pathology segment 
separately? 
Siva Rama Raju: 
So generally, revenue per pathology test would be in the range of say INR 330 to INR 350 
and for Radiology it will be something like INR 1,150 to INR 1,200.   
Aneesh Deora: 
Understood. Okay. And could you just also give a sense on the, how the EBITDA margins 
vary between these two segments?   
Suprita Reddy:  
Don't look at the center like that Aneesh at all. For us, it is one center, one customer, one 
prescription. So we've not been able to do a differentiation on EBITDA margins because 
it's all shared costs. When a customer walks and it's the same biller who will be billing both 
of pathology, radiology, it'll be the same staff nurse being utilized for both and centre 
overheads are all shared. So it's difficult to give you on EBITDA margins in that format.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments.   
Suprita Reddy:  
I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and showing interest in Vijaya 
Diagnostics. I hope we were able to answer all of your questions. Should you need any 
further clarification or seek to know more about the Company, please feel free to reach 
out to us or to CDR India. Thank you all once again and I hope to see you next quarter.   

 
Transcript of VDCL Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 13 of 13 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Vijaya Diagnostic Center Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
