 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Regus Magnum Business Centers, 11th floor, Platina, Block G, Plot C-59, BKC, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400051
T + 91 22 68841741  website: www.ge.com/in/ge-power-india-limited   Email id  in.investor-relations@ge.com 
                                     
 
 
                                                                                                                               18 November 2022 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: GEPIL 
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532309 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings conference call held on 14 November 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated 14 November 2022, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of Earnings 
conference call held on 14 November 2022. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly,  
 
For GE Power India Limited  
 
 
Kamna Tiwari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enc.- As above 
GE Power India Limited 
CIN-L74140MH1992PLC068379 
 
Corporate Office:  Axis House, Plot No 1-14, Towers 5 & 6,
Jaypee Wish Town, Sector 128 Noida  
Uttar Pradesh - 201301 
 
T +91 0120 5011011   
F +91 0120 5011100  
 
KAMNA TIWARI
Digitally signed by 
KAMNA TIWARI 
Date: 2022.11.18 
18:18:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“GE Power India Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRASHANT JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – GE 
POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. YOGESH GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – GE POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VINIT PANT – CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER – GE 
POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAJ RAMAN – EXECUTIVE - PROJECTS PORTFOLIO 
– GE POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESH RAO - GE POWER INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to GE Power India Limited’s earnings 
conference call for Q2 of FY2023. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prashant Jain, Managing Director, GE 
Power India Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you. Very good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to all of you and thank you for 
joining us in the Q2 and first half 2022-2023 earnings call. I also welcome my team who 
has joined me to discuss the financial and operating performance of the company. I have 
Mr. Yogesh Gupta, our CFO and Whole Time Director, Mr. Vinit Pant our Chief 
Commercial Officer, Mr. Raj Raman our Executive - Projects Portfolio, Mr. Venkatesh Rao 
and my team with me. 
 
I would like to begin with a brief on the global economic situation. The global economy is 
going through a turbulent time as economists across the world are predicting recession 
following significant consumer demand slowdown. In a bid to battle the soaring inflation 
the central banks of major economies have raised benchmark interest rates in the last two 
quarters. Though these are indications of inflation cooling down following actions taken by 
the central banks it has impacted the consumer demand as evident from international trade 
data. Apart from inflation another major concern is rise in global carbon dioxide emissions. 
COP27 has predicted 1% increase in CO2 emissions with India’s growth projected at 6% 
for 2022. After the pandemic the fossil fuel consumption has grown with major spikes seen 
in coal usage. The Indian economy despite global uncertainties is recovering. From the 
energy sector the global economy is going through one of the worst crisis. The major 
impact is on Europe’ synergy crisis as Europe has top five natural gas for consumption 
during winter and in fact experts are claiming that Europe’s energy crisis could well lead to 
emerging economies to suffer blackouts as they are unable to afford premium that Europe is 
paying for securing natural gas. India is not significantly impacted on the power sector but 
it is a topic that will affect the global energy situation. On the other front globally most of 
the nations have resumed coal based energy generation after the Ukraine crisis followed by 
global energy meltdown. This is a big reversal considering all the major countries are going 
to phase out coal-based energy generation by 2028. 
 
Talking about Indian economy and power sector, though the global economy is feeling the 
pain of recession, the Indian economy is an outlier with the consumer demand still robust. 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
The cooling of crude oil and commodity prices has turned out really well for Indian 
corporate sector and the companies have shown resilience, margin recovery and optimism 
about hiring and growth for the remaining part of the fiscal year. On the energy sector front 
the transition to renewable energy power generation has slowed down as the country 
resumed higher dependence on coal power generation to meet the peak demand. Though the 
pace of growth of renewable capacities is high with almost 7 to 8 gigawatt of capacity 
addition it is not able to meet the peak demand especially with LNG prices rising globally. 
The gas-based power projects have become unaffordable or existing ones are running far 
below their capacity. As per the recent statement of India’s Coal Minister the country has 
no intention of ditching coal and it will continue to use coal until at least 2040. This is a big 
positive news for companies like GEPIL who are still trying to support coal-based power 
generation and emission improvements. As per the last data available, power generation 
data reflects significance of thermal power plants. The overall power generation in India has 
surged 11.9% from a year ago and coal based generation was up 12.8%, so that is the 
general scenario and the market we are seeing. I would hand over to Vinit to give you a 
business update and the order update. Vinit over to you. 
Vinit Pant: 
Thank you Prashant and good evening everyone. I will take you through the slide on the 
business uptake for this quarter. So I will start by saying that this has been a good quarter 
for us both in terms of the progress we have made on the strategy part where our focus has 
been on three main pillars to grow services, and to have a right mix of EP and EPC projects, 
and also grow industrial and private customers, so we have achieved success on all these 
three pillars in this quarter which you will see in the top part of the slide. We have a 
significant order this quarter for FGD, so still services is at 47% in the order mix. EPC 
versus non-EPC we have 100% we have done non-EPC project which is again aligned with 
our strategy and we have a higher intake of private and industrial orders at 82%. So on these 
three counts we are aligned to our strategy in this quarter. As far as orders are concerned 
again it has been a good quarter, our order intake has gone up to 2.5x times of what we 
achieved in the same quarter last year. I will talk about the FGD order which we have got 
this quarter from Adani this is for that Udupi project, value is about Rs.1.31 billion, so 
again this order is perfectly aligned with our strategy where we want to focus on cash 
accretive deals, which gives us good margins and positive cash flows so this is perfectly 
aligned with that strategy and this is a significant order for us which we have booked in this 
quarter for FGD. Also I would like to point out that for services again our orders are up 
42% if we compare with the same quarter last year and we also have improved profitability 
of orders. From ESP upgrade part we have booked an order this quarter from an industrial 
customer which is Trident Limited which is the paper and pulp industry. So this is also a 
breakthrough order for us and again it is aligned with our strategy to grow further in the 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
industrial market. Overall we have a very robust pipeline of active opportunities both for 
FGD and services going forward and we think we should really build up on this going 
forward. As far as the backlog is concerned it stands at around Rs.40.9 billion at the end of 
Q2 and here I would like to make a point that to an extent we have reversed the trend in this 
quarter and we have been holding on to this backlog, the backlog is not really going down. 
So this is what I have for you on this slide and now I will hand over to Yogesh for the 
finance part. Over to you Yogesh. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Thank you Vinit. Good evening all and thank you very much for joining today to discuss 
our financial performance for Q2 of FY2022-23. The revenue for Q2 stood at Rs.427.8 
Crores down from Rs.732.1 Crores in the corresponding period of last year due to lower 
order intake in the past few years and cost update for percentage of completion projects. 
 
Moving on to our profits, this quarter we have had a loss before tax of Rs.112.6 Crores 
against a profit of Rs.50.8 Crores in the corresponding period of last year. This came 
primarily due to lower volume, project cost escalations, inflation and execution challenges 
at site and Solapur fire incident which required a provision of Rs.78.7 Crores. This 
provision has been made and would be reversed as and when we get the insurance claim 
accepted and approved by the insurance company. 
Moving on we will look at the order intake numbers which just Vinit has shared we have 
received orders worth Rs.248.3 Crores against Rs.97 Crores in the corresponding period of 
last year and we have a healthy backlog and the service revenue continues to grow based on 
the healthy order intake that we have had. This is it from my side on the revenue and profit. 
I would now like to now hand over to Raj and Venkatesh for an update on FGD portfolio. 
Raj Raman: 
Thank you Yogesh. Good evening everyone. I would like to kind of walk you through a few 
updates on the FGD portfolio execution status at this point of the time. From the left you 
will see two bar graphs which basically represent the revenues which we have so far 
accomplished and the cash which we have against that received and this is an important 
aspect which I would like to kind of take a few minutes and dwell upon. The fact being we 
have more than 83% revenues versus the cash which is at least 64% almost 20% points 
lesser than that. This drives one important aspect around the payment terms which are in the 
current part of the portfolio of NTPC which is we are executing at this point of time where 
the payment terms are back loaded and they kind of come to us in the latter part of the cycle 
of project cycle. This has been one major aspect around this and that plays out. I will come 
back on the challenges part of it. I want to also highlight one key accomplishment which we 
had in terms of the Unchahar project the completion of Facilities which we achieved in the 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
month of August and this has been a major accomplishment for the customer as well as for 
your teams in this quarter. 
 
Coming over to the challenges which we are currently seeing and these are not only 
affecting your company but across the entire market or the players who are there currently 
at this point of time. Sub-contractor financial health which has been significantly impacted 
by multiple COVID waves which is creating definitely challenges in terms of workforce 
availability  position of that on timely basis on various sites compounded by some of the 
supply chains which we are currently in a stage where we are commissioning them and we 
need support, some of them are critical suppliers based out of China. The COVID rotational 
lockdowns, etc. and the travel restrictions are definitely compounding some of the 
availability of timely business, support to resolve these commissioning challenges at this 
point of time. Compounded by the fact that we donot have a good clarity at this point of 
time on the COVID relief and your company continues to pursue this with NTPC and as 
well as the highest level within the Ministry of Power which we are taking it up in a very 
intense and rigorous manner. Going forward our focus will continue to see that we don’t 
have anymore  margin degradation at this point of time on this GE portfolio, complete the 
milestones on a continuous basis and complete the performance guarantee test for the 
Unchahar stage 4.  We have a significant number of milestones which are lined up in 
FY2023 and FY2024 in future quarters. That is all from my side. I will hand over to 
Prashant back. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you Raj. So to summarize we are moving in the right direction of the strategy with 
the business mix of developing industrial customers, growing more service business like 
FGD and EPC projects to give us the portfolio. The second area that we wanted to touch 
upon was the execution lever. It is important we will continue to focus as Raj just 
mentioned ensuring that we deliver the operations. The third point that I wanted to highlight 
which we have also mentioned in the notes about Durgapur. We are right sizing the factory 
and in this November to December quarter we will be launching and executing upon the 
VRS scheme for the workers and that is for the contract workforce and that part is in 
continuation with strategy to right size the factory for them that we see going forward. All 
in all good mix and order intake we see some turnaround there. Operation challenges that 
we have gotten control, continue to focus on yields and last but not the least right size 
Durgapur to ensure we are able to have the right size of the operations as we move into the 
next year. So with that thank you and we will open up for questions. 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. We 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the 
line of Ramesh an individual investor. Kindly proceed. 
Ramesh: 
Sir a very good evening. Sir I could not see this kind of disclosure in your website for our 
company? 
Prashant Jain: 
Mr. Ramesh I think the voice is not clear if you could repeat the question. The orders that 
we have booked in the quarter we are disclosing and we have announced that today. 
Ramesh: 
Have you disclosed your orders this Adani power order? 
Prashant Jain: 
Yes it is in the list that you see. It is what you see in the page as well which Vinit explained 
yes. 
Ramesh: 
Yes I could see in PPT but not in GE website. I have gone through the GE website and I 
could not see like when you have disclosed this particular order. 
Prashant Jain: 
In my view, this was not crossing the materiality threshold by itself so there is no obligation 
to disclose but, nevertheless. 
Ramesh: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hina Parekh an Individual Investor. 
Kindly proceed. 
Hina Parekh: 
Sir we have seen a good order win for FGD in this quarter by when can we see this 
translating into revenue for the company? 
Prashant Jain: 
So this is a short term cycle order typically the first three to four months is a very low 
activity which is largely engineering and then the fourth and five month onwards the supply 
starts so we will start seeing the revenue in fourth to fifth month onwards. 
Hina Parekh: 
Okay and can we say we have reached the top of the cost escalation matrix or do you see a 
more upside on the cost side for services and FGD business? 
Prashant Jain: 
Can you repeat the question Ms. Hina. 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Hina Parekh: 
So we say that we have reached the top of the cost escalation matrix or like do you see a 
more upside on the cost side for services and FGD business? 
Prashant Jain: 
So on services we have been fairly doing well on the execution of the margins. We have not 
seen so far margin deterioration or cost escalation in the services that portfolio has been 
quite profitable and has been constantly delivering upside so it is robust. On the FGD yes 
we have seen cost escalations in the past and in the current quarter as well we have taken a 
cost escalation which is what Yogesh was explaining and in our expectation this is an 
update at the portfolio level and to the best of our knowledge for the next two to three 
quarters Raj you wish you want to add further on this one. 
Raj Raman: 
Prashant I think you have kind of articulated it. Just Madam our goal and as Mr. Prashant 
said that we take the cost update so that we do not anticipate cost escalations and see more 
stability going forward overall. 
Vinit Pant: 
I will just add that return of experience from the projects under execution has been factored 
in the new bids/orders and the lessons learned have been incorporated . 
Hina Parekh: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mandira S an Individual Investor. Kindly 
proceed. 
Mandira S: 
How do you see India postponing your coal phase out? 
Prashant Jain: 
Look in my view the government has not been adding new coal projects in the last three to 
four years but this year we are seeing already projects are being awarded for new coal-fired 
power plants. In the earlier projections the coal power electricity in 2021-22 is in the range 
of 72%, which translates into roughly 800 to 900 million metric tonnes of coal consumption 
for electricity generation. As per the CEA projections by 2030 assuming that renewable 
energy would have added 500 gigawatt capacity to the grid coal-fired power plants would 
still be producing 50% of electricity in 2030 and that 50% of electricity would still mean 
roughly 250 gigawatts of coal-fired power plants under operation and the coal consumption 
in 2030 to be more or less similar or slightly higher than the coal consumption today so in 
the earlier plan as well there was a focus on high renewable capacity addition but so to say 
the existing coal-fired power plants were required to continue to support the country into 
2030. What has changed in the last year is that the government is now realizing that the 
capacity addition of renewable energy is not adequate to meet the grid demand, now 
because of that there is an additional 25 to 40 gigawatt of new coal-fired power plants that 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
will be ordered. I do not see that there was a phase out until 2030-40 either in the previous 
case. Now in the case after the current change however an emphasis on ordering new coal-
fired power plants has started in the last year, so now we see projects being ordered on the 
new coal which is a big change in the market from previous year, so coal phase out in my 
view for India for the next 20 to 30 years is going to be a huge challenge it is not going to 
be easy because the new capacity we will continue to add on renewable energy but the 
existing coal-fired power plants probably will need to serve the country for at least 20 to 30 
years. Now given an example in the current context if you see the electricity prices or utility 
prices in the Europe or US they have actually gone up three times to five times or even 
more because of the conflict and shortage of gas and so on and so forth; however, in India 
because largely there arepower plants, 70 to 80% which are relying on domestic coal and 
for electricity and all the coal-fired power plants in the country where they have long term 
coal linkage with Coal India Limited they have actually seen not significant inflation 
therefore in India we have been to an extent I would say insulated from the severe 
electricity cost escalation that the world is currently seeing either in the Europe or US, but it 
is because we have domestic coal reserves and domestic coal supply and for the power 
plants that have had long-term coal linkages with this coal plant where nothing has changed 
and therefore the largely utility electricity prices in this segment has not gone up that 
significantly so in a way that is a good thing for the country and also in my view for the 
customers who are really able to secure supply from their coal linkages. 
Mandira S: 
Okay and my second question was are we working on any kind of order mix composition or 
will it depend on new build order that we receive every quarter? 
Prashant Jain: 
The strategy that we are pursuing currently the biggest orders that we will see will come 
from the emission control which is FGD that is the demand that we see will continue at 
least for the next four to five years because the government has extended the emission 
control guideline by two years in which there are some delays but then orders are happening 
so we see that the orders will continue to be placed in the FGD for the next three to five 
years so we will see that we will continue to focus on mix of FGD orders in the portfolio, 
but services continues to be on a growth part I do not see a challenge there and we will 
continue to serve the service market. The core services is going stable, upgrades is a market 
which is not very stable  we see 1 or 2 projects and then we see a sudden  drop. 
 
but we are seeing a large pipeline on the service upgrade and that we think will pick up as 
the customer realizes that with the coal plants we have to stay for longer and the need to 
invest into upgrading for safety, efficiency and emissions. Now the third part is the new 
built. In my view we see opportunities in the market and currently because of GE’s 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
announcement to exit from new-build coal GE is not participating in the coal new projects. 
Your company GE Power India Limited is going to selectively participate in the market 
where we are able to approach with the domestic technology or the technology which we 
have in GE Power India Limited so we are looking at a couple of boiler projects in the 
utility space that we would like to target in the current round of ordering but these are new 
built projects and they are not too many, if I say 7 gigawatts that would probably be maybe 
three to  five projects so that part is the market space we will not participate as an EPC. We 
will participate as a technology provider. We will provide the boiler pressure parts to the 
EPC partners to be able to serve the end customers so directly as an EPC we would not 
participate in the new built but we will possibly provide technology support to the existing 
EPC partner. 
Mandira S: 
Okay lastly regarding the Solapur fire incident in June have we received any kind of the 
update from insurance company and can we expect to recover the provision of 78.7 Crores 
for the same in the coming quarters? 
Prashant Jain: 
Yes the insurance claim proceeding is underway considering the damage to the equipment 
currently the survey estimate has to be done on what are the components that can be reused 
and what are the components should be reconstructed so that survey is ongoing at this point 
in time and we are hoping that sometime in the next year we should come to a point where 
we should start invoicing and get the settlement with insurance as we continue to spend on 
the projects so we will have to spend the money to claim the insurance once the claim is 
settled. There are two parts to that one part is of course the insurance claim itself for the 
cost that we will have to incur to reload the absorber and the chimney we have given and 
the second part is the expected liquidated damages that we may incur interest we are not 
able to meet the deadline because of this we are delayed and from these two components the 
insurance part yes we are positive that as we get the final surveys and final cost estimate we 
will start incurring this cost and have a settlement with insurance we should be able to 
recover sometime early next financial year. 
Mandira S: 
Okay thank you that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tara Kaur an individual investor. Kindly proceed. 
Tara Kaur: 
Good evening Sir. Sir my first question is like since company is focusing on green energy 
service segment so what is the trend in the margins considering inflation factor are they 
sustainable? 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Prashant Jain: 
So yes, in the service market we are able to pass the inflation to the customer. It is a short 
cycle business so the parts repairs are typically 6 to 8 months cash conversion and margin 
conversion and upgrades are the long-term projects which take about a year, year-and-a-
half, maybe two years to execute but majority of the backlog is from core services business, 
parts, repairs and services and most of these projects we are able to pass the inflation to the 
customer so we do not see the inflationary risk affecting the service margins. 
Tara Kaur: 
Okay can you provide the segregation of 14.9 billion of order backlog as of September 30, 
2022 and what kind of growth do you expect across all the segments? 
Prashant Jain: 
You want to understand the breakup of the backlog or breakup of the revenue? 
Tara Kaur: 
Order back log. 
Prashant Jain: 
Order back log is roughly 40 billion Yogesh want to give a sense. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Yes Prashant thank you. The backlog for the FGD order is in the range of about 28% to 
32%, services will be 12 to 15% and our hydro business will be in the range of 55% to 60%, 
so these are the broad indications that we can give you like where do we stand vis-à-vis our 
order backlog and with regard of the growth of business Prashant I would request you to 
highlight on the growth aspect of these businesses, services is growing yes and FGD also as 
Prashant has explained. 
Prashant Jain: 
I can address that. Thanks Yogesh so on the FGD it is a project business and the selective 
projects so we are not going as market or share we are selecting certain projects, we are 
working if it matches with our risk profile, it matches with our profile and in those projects 
we are selectively participating, our range is more than 50 to 60% on the targeted 
opportunities, we do not participate in all the projects and we will treat projects project-by-
project so there are certain IPPs that we want to work with, there are very selective 
strategies that we want to work with and those are the last two agencies largely the order is 
over so we have the private and state customers in state we have selected some and we are 
also partnering with our EPC partners and seven customers where we do reasonably directly 
exports so it is a mix of this three and project-to-project we will win and we are focusing to 
maintain the gigawatt market share but selective in terms of the margin cash profile of the 
projects. Now regarding service, the service market is stable. So the market is stable what 
we are doing is we are increasing our market share as we participate increase new product 
investments so we are seeing continued growth and we will see continued growth for the 
next four years and so far we have been positive in terms of the growth trajectory for 
service business and we are reporting quarter-on-quarter we can see numbers on the service 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
growth, we see that the core services is intact and the core services we see happening. The 
areas that we do not see again are the upgrades where we see project-by-project, so 
depending on the number of projects finalize an area and we will some variations here and 
there. 
Tara Kaur: 
Sir my last question is like you have mentioned that our company is working on containing 
further margin depreciation so just want to understand like what initiatives are we taking to 
improve operational efficiency? 
Prashant Jain: 
So Raj I want you to comment on the operational efficiency part. 
Raj Raman: 
Sure thanks Prashant. Madam our focus has been to ensure one is as we mentioned the 
learnings, which we are seeing on some projects we build back into the other projects as 
well as we are pursuing some of our wherever we see them contractually or otherwise we 
see claims. We are building our claims around this and pursuing them appropriately in all 
fronts. These are something which we are working as well as we are working intensely with 
our lean methodology to see that we are executing better and with a shorter cycle time, 
which overall helps us to manage our cost much better, some actions and strategies which 
we are deploying there. 
Tara Kaur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Hina Parekh individual investor. 
Kindly proceed. 
Hina Parekh: 
Any update on GE de-promoterization announcement that you can share? 
Prashant Jain: 
So there are two parts to this one is the independent capabilities of GE Power India Limited 
in terms of technology transfer, developing competence and ensuring that for the markets 
that GE Power India Limited wants to address the company has its own technology, it has 
its own balance sheet and it has its own competence. On that part we have significant 
progress. FGD I am happy to say we are close to 100% now self sufficient and competent 
with the commissioning of Unchahar. We have demonstrated both in acquisition and 
execution GE Power India Limited is fully self competent. Second we have also qualified 
on the basis of GE Power India Limited as an entity with Gujarat for the FGD tenders. For 
example the Sikka tender etc, so the FGD which was a big element of the future strategies 
for growth and continues for the next five years GE Power India Limited is now self 
sufficient. The second area is services. In services we have a mixed portfolio one is the 
clean combustion which is smaller, air quality control system services that part again we are 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
close to 100% locally and are able to manage the entire stuff locally. On the rotating 
equipment part there is certain amount of interdependency within GE and there is a plan to 
be able to localize that by the end of next year. So there is a plan, there is a roadmap but 
largely for the business that we do in India we have a good set of competence in the 
country. Acquisition qualification criteria are available within GE Power India Limited that 
is the company that has been running most of the projects in the markets it qualifies. The 
third element we did on the boiler side again when it comes to acquisition GE Power India 
Limited is able to qualify itself with certain support and our qualification part is ensured. 
Factory in Durgapur is fully self sufficient to supply the pressure parts to the industry for 
any need for boiler, so from that point of view there again we are self sufficient. In terms of 
the execution and the backlog there is certain interdependency on themselves or the 
headquarter and that there is a roadmap for the next year to do the technology transfer, so 
all in all if I were to say with regards to IT technology knowledge required in the country to 
execute and be successful in the market the progress is satisfactory on its own plan. The 
second aspect of the announcement was on the depromotorization of GE reducing its share 
there is no update at this point in time. As and when we have the update we will come back 
to you but absolutely there is no update for us to share at this point. 
Hina Parekh: 
I had a question on Adani Udupi order that we have received so how do we see the revenue 
generation and cash flow over the next few quarters? 
Prashant Jain: 
As Vinit explained in his presentation the project is on EP which means it is not EPC but it 
is to be done by Power Mech. So we are supplying the engineering and the technology and 
the core components which are required for the heart of the FGD which is absorber. So 
from that point of view this is a good portfolio where the company is very strong and we do 
expect that the cash flow will be positive throughout the cycle so that is the good part 
because there is no site work and therefore the retentions that normally we see in all the 
EPC projects so the cash flow will be positive. As regards the revenue I have answered this 
earlier to a question. The revenue cycle typically starts from the fifth to sixth month of the 
project acquisition, first five, six months is just the engineering which is not significant, 
there is small portion of the revenue and the big part of the revenue starts from fifth, sixth 
month onwards and that is how we will see the revenue unfold. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Aditya Shah from Vikram Advisory 
Services. Kindly proceed. 
Aditya Shah: 
Sorry Sir if I have missed your opening remarks regarding the provision for the Solapur fire 
incident but my question is regarding that what is the expected loss that we see after the 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
insurance claim is settled due to this and the provision is not made under exceptional items 
during this quarter and where would it be made. That is one and second question is 
regarding going forward in the future do we expect ourselves to be competing again in the 
new build sector with the major competitors that we have lost business to or our focus 
would remain on FGD and services? 
Prashant Jain: 
I will answer the second question first. The second question we will participate selectively I 
addressed this question earlier I am repeating myself. I have answered that we will not be in 
EPC, in the middle space we have not done in the past so we will continue to support the 
EPC partner in the market and we will supply the key components in the pressure parts 
which we were doing earlier to our partners. We will continue to support that is how we 
will participate in the boiler side so that is what we were doing in the past. This is what we 
will do then some partner needing EPC and we will supply the pressure parts to them. On 
the industrial boiler we will probably want to do it by ourselves and we are developing 
competence. We are hoping to first book one successful industrial boiler and then start 
offering industrial boiler from the Durgapur factory so that is regarding the new built. As 
regarding the Solapur incident is concerned the amount that we have provided for is an 
amount which is total to one the cost of rebuilding the absorber and the chimney 
components and also the liquidated damages which we expect because now the project will 
be delayed so the LD portion that portion I do not think we can recover but the insurance 
portion of the claim the survey is ongoing and the final components that will need to be 
replaced, materials, etc. discussion with the customers on what components and parts can be 
reused and what will need to be replaced is ongoing so at this point of time it is too early for 
us to be able to give an estimate on the percentage of what amount we can recover so the 
moment we have the run rate we will come back and share the details with you. The item is 
not in the exceptional item because as per our accounting policy we have updated the cost 
into the project so Yogesh, maybe you want to clarify that further. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Yes thank you Prashant so basically this is our operational activity with regard to our 
project and this is emanating from site and as per our accounting policy we have taken it at 
the operational level and accordingly the project cost has been updated to the extent of the 
likely cost that is required to be incurred on making good loss that has happened and as 
Prashant explained that we would be assessing like what can be repaired and what needs to 
be replaced and we will be taking up from the insurance company and there is a degree of 
uncertainty to the extent of what extent the claims will be settled so that is why the 
provision has been made and we hope that we will be striving for the maximum possible to 
get the claim settlement from the insurance company. 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Aditya Shah: 
So just to clarify again on this is that had we not done this our cost of material, the erection 
services would have been lesser by 787 million right? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Correct that is right. 
 
The LD portion would have been accounted for a bit separately, but the project costing 
would have been very clearly like lower the estimate for operational cost that we have 
considered as to increase but you are very right that our profit at the PBT level would have 
been higher by 787 million. 
Aditya Shah: 
Right and what is the revenue expectation that we can expect going forward probably two 
quarters down or one quarter down because I see it is reducing from June quarter to 
September quarter by around some 490 Crores goes down to 420 Crores so what is your 
guidance on it? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Normally we do not give futuristic guidance Mr. Shah and like the revenue has been going 
down for three reasons primarily first is with regard to having lower order intake in the last 
two years and as we have heard from Vinit and Prashant we have really got back on the 
track for getting orders. We have already booked two major ticket one from the Saundatti in 
hydro and the other one in FGD from Power Mech and order intake has started happening 
which will be boosting our revenue in the times to come and with regard to the other part of 
your question like these projects that we had on FGD like we are looking at the 
commissioning and completion of these contracts so this has been the reason but we cannot 
give you a number two quarters or three quarters down the line but we would be looking 
forward to ramping up our revenues. 
Aditya Shah: 
My last question is regarding the FGD market size that your annual report mentions is 
roughly around 65000 to 70000  Crores right so how much out of that do you expect as an 
industry to achieve by 2024 or 2025 or something like that it is a broad question it is 
nothing related to the company? 
Prashant Jain: 
I actually answered this earlier. What we are looking at is a gigawatt market share and in 
terms of gigawatt we want to maintain the market share but not all the state customers we 
would like to bid directly we might partner with some EPC player so you will not see the 
same dollar share but our objective is to retain double digit market share in the coming 
wave as well in terms of gigawatt so gigawatt market share we want to retain whereas dollar 
market share we think it is not because what we are focusing is to be selective in the 
projects. We are selecting IPPs that we want to quit, we are selecting scope that we are able 
comfortable with and we will take EPC where we are confident that the terms and 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
conditions are what we have learned in our earlier projects it is not going to consume a lot 
of working capital and that we are able to manage efficiently for the company so it will be a 
mix of IPP and state selective and therefore gigawatt share we will maintain but we will not 
maintain the dollar market share. Vinit you want to add to this. 
Vinit Pant: 
It is right Prashant we have to maintain this and we clearly see there is a turnaround in the 
FGD ordering starting from this financial year. My point was that the market has improved, 
we have seen this starting from this year market has improved, ordering has definitely has 
gone up and this is going to sustain as Prashant said next three to four years and we are 
going to keep the market share in double digits in gigawatt. 
Aditya Shah: 
My point is in the next three to four years what is the market size opportunity is it 65000 to 
70000 croresor that 65000 to 70000 Crores is across the next 10 years? 
Vinit Pant: 
Based on what is left it should be around 55000 to 60000  Crores. 
Aditya Shah: 
For the next three to four years? 
Vinit Pant: 
So what is left today after what has been ordered in this year so it would be around 55000 to 
60000  Crores, the total market to be ordered in terms of Crores. 
Aditya Shah: 
For the next three to four years? 
Vinit Pant: 
So I would say this is what is left for the next four to five years. 
Aditya Shah: 
Alright thank you. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Kindly 
proceed. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Does the increasing investment in coal power plant bodes well for order intake as I 
understand roughly around 8 to 10 gigawatt of coal power plant which are under tender as 
of now? 
Prashant Jain: 
Correct. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Are you looking at those orders in the sense some orders from BHEL? 

 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Prashant Jain: 
Vinit may be you want to address. I have clarified this earlier in the call today. We will 
continue to support the EPC player but we will not participate as an EPC for this project so 
yes we want to support and we are working with the EPC players to see what scope we can 
get from these projects. Vinit you want to add further for the boiler process. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My question was that do you think this opportunity is going to increase multifold for us? 
Vinit Pant: 
So I would say this is new development. As Prashant mentioned earlier there has been no 
ordering in the last two to three years so this is something which is going to be additional 
opportunity for us going forward. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Power Mech has received I think order from Adani for multiple power plants so are we in 
talks to get more orders of FGD or this is the only order which we have as of now? 
Vinit Pant: 
This is the only order we have this year, but we have other opportunities in the pipeline as I 
mentioned which needs to get concluded in the coming quarters. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Prashant Jain for closing comments. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you all. A very good evening and thank you team for the clarifications and thank you 
all for joining the call. 
