 
 
Eicher Motors Limited 
Corporate Office: 
#96, Sector – 32  
Gurugram – 122001 
Haryana, India 
Tel +91 124 4415600 
Registered Office
CIN: L34102DL198
3rd Floor – Select 
A – 3, District Cen
New Delhi – 110 01
Email: info@eiche
 
 
 
 
The Secretary
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001 
Security Code: 505200 
 
 
Subject: Regulations 30 of SEBI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated Nov
on Thursday, November 10, 20
held inter alia to discuss financi
2022, pursuant to Regulation 30
the website of the Company ww
 
The conference call started after
 
You are requested to take the sa
 
Thanking you, 
For Eicher Motors Limited 
 
 
 
 
Atul Sharma 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a.a. 
 
 
 
 
 
82PLC129877 
Citywalk 
ntre, Saket 
17, India 
ermotors.com  
Online intimation/submission 
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange of I
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plo
G Block, Bandra Kurla Compl
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: EICHERMOT 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of confer
vember 02, 2022 intimating the schedule of the 
22 please find attached transcript of the afore
al results for the second quarter and half year e
0 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The sam
ww.eichermotors.com. 
r the conclusion of the Board meeting of the Com
ame on your records. 
 
November 17, 2022 
India Ltd 
ot No.C/1,  
ex, Bandra (E) 
rence call  
conference call held 
said conference call, 
ended September 30, 
e is also available on 
mpany.  
ATUL 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by ATUL SHARMA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=110085, st=DELHI, street=H. 
NO. 183, G.F ,POCKET - 2 ,NORTH WEST 
DELHI,SECTOR - 24, ROHINI ,110085, l=NORTH WEST 
DELHI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=b00e7eae3b02e722e86e89c34945e1e
7787137a3a7f91d4757f014ff8e97b0a4, 
pseudonym=e050a111d5e643a7a86b21f317e51735, 
2.5.4.20=6e9e93a7616b7e8a55e82fd19b9c63d7a0de
ac80dcd5347980f59c0d067cf795, 
email=ATULSHARMA@ROYALENFIELD.COM, 
cn=ATUL SHARMA 
Date: 2022.11.17 14:16:17 +05'30'

“Eicher Motors Limited
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call”
November 10, 2022
MANAGEMENT:
MR. B GOVINDARAJAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ROYAL
ENFIELD LIMITED
MR. VINOD AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER VE COMMERCIAL VEHICLES LIMITED
Page 1 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
Divya Purohit:
Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. I would welcome you to Eicher Motors Results Call. I
would now like to hand over the call to my colleague, Basudeb to make the introduction of the
management. Basudeb, over to you.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Thanks Divya. Thanks to Eicher Motors management for giving us the opportunity to host the
conference call. We have with us Mr. B. Govindarajan, CEO, Royal Enfield; and Mr. V.K.
Aggarwal, CEO of VECV, representing the management. Today, Mr. Govindarajan will take
us through Eicher Royal Enfield related discussion. Over to you, sir, for your initial
comments.
B. Govindarajan:
Thank you, Basudeb. Hi, everyone, and welcome to Eicher Motors Limited Call for the
Second Quarter Financial Year 22-23. I hope all of you are doing very well. I'm glad I've had
the chance to meet some of you in the investor call very recently, which we had at Chennai.
With regard to the performance of this quarter, I'm very happy to announce that we have had
an exceptional quarter as we have reported our highest ever Revenue from Operations and
highest ever Profit after Tax. We are continuing to achieve our milestones both at Royal
Enfield and at VE Commercial Vehicles.
At Royal Enfield, we started this quarter with the spectacular launch of the all-new Hunter
350 on our well-refined J-Series engine platform. We did it at Bangkok with all the global
media. It had a huge reception. And recently, two days back, we also launched our Super
Meteor 650 on the Twin platform at EICMA 2022 in Italy. I'll talk you through about these in
detail over the period of time. The festive season in India brought in a very strong sales for
Royal Enfield. We are riding strong and have recorded more than a 30% market share in H1 in
the >125cc segment.
In line with our broader vision for sustainability, we announced a unique and interesting
partnership with UNESCO in August, where we will collaborate with them to promote and
safeguard the intangible cultural assets of India, starting only with the Himalayas first. Our
ambition is to partner with at least 100 Himalayan communities to adopt sustainable living
practices by 2030. We're very proud of this partnership at the overall Eicher Motors level. At
VE Commercial Vehicles, we continue to focus on strengthening our market share in the
heavy-duty trucks and buses segment. Mr. Vinod Aggarwal will talk us through about that at a
later point of time.
Overall, at the Eicher Motors level, we continue to maintain a razor-sharp focus on our future
strategic growth plans, along with the robust ESG vision. I am elated to share that we have
improved our position in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and, second year consecutively,
we are one among only ten global automotive companies to feature in the Emerging Markets
category. To conclude, at an Eicher Motors level, we are very confident that we are on an
accelerated growth path. Moving on to the financials. Our revenue is about ₹3,519 crores for
Q2, which is our highest ever quarterly mark, up by about 56.4% from ₹2,250 crores last year.
Our EBITDA is about ₹822crores, up by 75% YoY, against ₹470 crores last year.
This one is marginally below our highest ever mark reported in Q1 of this financial year. PAT
stood at about ₹657 crores, which is the highest ever for EML, up by about 76% on YoY basis
as against about ₹373 crores reported last year. Now, I'll talk you through the highlights in the
Royal Enfield. Royal Enfield has had an exceptional quarter in Q2, and we have accelerated
our growth momentum. That's what we briefed you when we were there in the Investor Meet
also. The first of that particular product, which has propelled our growth is the Hunter 350
launch.
Page 2 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
The consumer response as well as from the media has been outstandingly well, looking at the
inquiries, they are going up, bookings are going up. That's a very good sign. We wanted that -
this has to give an additional volume to us overall, and it has exactly landed in the positioning
which we wanted for the product, which gives us an additional volume for those consumers
who were looking for a Royal Enfield motorcycles in a different format and Hunter 350
answered it bang on at those areas. We have rolled more than 55,000 Hunter motorcycles
already since the launch, which we did in August.
Our order books are very good and healthy. It's growing. In Hunter, we wanted it to get new
consumers from new geographies, and that's what is the initial thought, and it should not
cannibalize something in our product, and we are seeing that positive vision, that it is not
cannibalizing and it is getting us new consumers. First-time buyers, the guys who are really
enjoying the motorcycles, who are looking for a Royal Enfield apt motorcycle has got
addressed through this Hunter 350.
We are just opened in India till now. In the month of November, we are opening in APAC.
Subsequently, it will be to EMEA and to RENA and upon all other areas in the markets. The
Hunter is also ramping up now. So, to that extent, we will start opening up the market. But as
I mentioned, it is a J-Series, which overall is Euro 5 compliant.
It is a global product, that's how it is envisaged and that's how it is landed. So anywhere it can
go, doesn’t need to wait for some more allocations and all those things, those things are done
and dusted and it's ready, so the vehicle can be exported as of now. On November 8, or two
days back, we unveiled all new Super Meteor 650 at EICMA 2022 in Italy. We have seen very
exciting initial feedback from the media and from the community who has been seeing this
and now everybody is now looking at and asking a lot of details on this. The Super Meteor
650 is an authentic retro thoroughbred cruiser and on a successful 650cc platform. And we
have a lot of learning and legacies of the Cruiser making, in 1950s, we were making Cruiser
and exporting to the United States.
The Meteor has actually taught us a lot more in cruising, doing what it has to, and what the
consumer wants. Super Meteor 650 which has been there in the thinking and making for the
past three years plus when we launched it, and exactly the Meteor came back and then said,
that's the very accessible, simple, easy to handle Royal Enfield looking Retro style cruiser.
We're looking forward for a great success even in that particular product. For the quarter, we
sold about 2,03,451 motorcycles, which marks about 65% growth from 1,23,515 last year,
sequentially, 9% growth over the previous quarter. Domestic volume, we sold almost about
1,83,067 units during the quarter in India, reporting an increase of 73% YoY and a growth of
about 16% sequentially. The festive retail feedback from the field has been very strong, and
we recorded our second largest festive retail during the Sep-Oct window.
Our international market, we continue to progress on our vision of becoming a global
motorcycle brand from India. On a YoY increase of more than about 14% at 20,384 units
against 17,900 units in the previous year. International retail performance for H1 has been
very robust. We have got this solid growth of almost about 40% to 55% across various
regions.
RE is now the leading mid-weight brand in the U.K. and among the Top 3 in Europe, a proud
moment for all of us as we were reaching that market share position. Our market share has
climbed up to ~7% in Americas as of now and 9% in APAC and about almost 10% touching
in EMEA region, backed by robust pipeline of new products, which we are launching. This all
Page 3 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
is without Hunter, which was there because Hunter will open up the entry level even in an
international market.
As far as the retail network expansion is concerned, we have been steadily moving ahead in
our domestic network expansions. We have a network of almost 2,130 retail outlets, 1,083
dealership outlet format and about 1,047 studio formats. On international market, we
continued expansion with an addition of another six stores, exclusive stores in Philippines,
Mongolia, Vietnam, and Thailand where we are slowly opening up one by one in all the
markets.
As we have been seeing as a brand, we always wanted to be a full brand to go there, open one
showroom, make the product experience and people start feeling the product, and that's how
the experience we'll start building the brand, then we will go in for an expansion. And that's
the phase we are entering. So, the expansion phase, which is taking place.
As of now, totally, we have almost 710 multi-brand outlets and about 175 exclusive stores
outside India. And that expansion plan is continuing with the new products which are coming
up, the expansion also will go on in that sequence. As far as the motorcycle and ride events,
we did the 11th edition of ‘One Ride’ where Royal Enfield enthusiasts across the world
gathered to ride that One Ride on a particular day.
And we also kick started the Royal Enfield's Continental GT Cup we did last year and this
year also it's been received very well by the young guys. There's a lot of traction, which we
are seeing for this sort of racing, as is not a true racing motorcycles, but a fun type of retro
racing, it's a sport and that's getting a traction in the GT Cup through that.
Before I conclude, I would like to share another achievement from Royal Enfield is, in the
Dealer Satisfaction Survey, which was conducted by FADA, Royal Enfield emerge as a
second runner up, which compared to last year it was a great change, which is there. The
dealers also started looking that the growth is coming back, and things are better, our connect
is becoming better. And overall, this quarter had been an outstanding one and at the H1 level,
it's been a record growth for Eicher Motors and at Royal Enfield also. Now I'll hand it over to
Mr. Vinod Aggarwal walk us through the VECV financials and updates. Over to you, Vinod.
Vinod Aggarwal:
Thank you, Govind, and good evening to all of you. Let me first start with giving you an
update on the commercial vehicle industry. If you look at the CV industry, as you all know,
after three years of recession, the CV industry is on the growth path, and it's continuing to
grow every month. And first six months have been very good for the industry, where the
industry for >3.5 ton has grown by 68%. And even in the month of October, the growth has
been 15%. So based on this growth, of course, it is expected that this year, we will make good
progress for the overall industry.
Even though we may not still touch the earlier peak of 2018-19. But in some of the segments,
it might be a new peak, like for example, in 5-15ton trucks, it is likely to be new peak even
though in heavy-duty and in buses, still it will be away from the earlier peak. But of course,
we have also seen in the past, whenever the recovery happens after the recession, it always
leads to a new peak in two to three years.
So therefore, this time also, I'm of a firm belief that we are likely to see a new peak in the
coming two-three years. Of course, there are headwinds, which are there, which are coming
from inflation, global situation as well as interest rates. But at the same time, I think the
outlook for the Indian economy, for the current year, as you all know, it is 7%. And future also
is relatively much better than the global markets, because of our own situation in the Indian
Page 4 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
markets because of our dependence on the domestic consumption, even though there may be
impact on exports.
And we also experienced a similar impact in our export markets like the truck export markets,
we are having headwinds because of the global situation, especially the foreign exchange
situation in some of these South Asian markets like Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka.
And as a result of that, the markets there are down because there are a lot of import
restrictions in those countries. Nevertheless, as I mentioned, the growth for the industry is
good. And even in the month of October, we have seen the industry growth of 15% as
compared to October last year. And as you all know, last year, second half itself was a much
better year and with a good base. And with the higher base also, we have seen the growth of
15% in the month of October.
Now in line with the industry growth, we continue to also grow in VECV. And specifically, I
think the highlight has been our good growth in the Heavy-Duty Truck segment where our
market share in the first six months, both Eicher and Volvo put together, Eicher and Volvo
trucks, it's now 8%+. We are at around 8.2%. And for Eicher brand itself, it is around 7.5%.
As you all know, this has been our -- one of the biggest objectives that we should grow in the
Heavy-Duty Truck market because Heavy-Duty Truck market is very large.
And if we start growing in that, then of course, the potential for VECV in Heavy-Duty Trucks
is going to be much stronger in the coming years. And then we are also growing very well in
buses. Buses, our market share in the six months, we now reached between 24% to 25%. So
that is, again a very good growth as compared to the previous years. In the Light and Medium
Duty Truck segment, we continue to maintain our strong position of 28% to 30% market
share.
And our strategy is to sustain that strong position while slowly and steadily growing in the
Heavy-Duty Trucks as well as the Bus segments. Now coming to our financials. Our revenue
for Q2 this year, including the other income, it is ₹4,215 crores as against ₹3,152 crores last
year, a 34% growth in the total income. And first six months, it is ₹8,148 crores as against
₹4,792 crores in last year first six months with a growth of 70% in the top line, in the first six
months.
As far as EBITDA is concerned, Q2, our EBITDA is ₹249 crores, which is 6% at net sales
and as against ₹170 crores, which is 5.6% of net sales in the previous year, Q2. And H1, our
EBITDA is ₹467 crores, and 5.9% to net sales as against ₹188 crores, at 4.1% as on the net
sales for H1, last year. Our Profit after Tax this quarter has been ₹81 crores at 2% as against
₹17 crores at 0.6% last year and H1 our PAT is 1.8% as against loss in the first half of last
year at 1.3%.
So therefore, in spite of very strong competitive pressures, as you can see, we have continued
to show good performance in financials and with a good potential to grow. And relatively, we
are doing better as compared to the competition as far as the margins are concerned. And then,
of course, last quarter, another highlight has been introduction of our electric buses.
We have just executed 40 electric buses order for Chandigarh city which are running very
successfully there. We also launched new models both in the Volvo bus and Eicher bus,
sleeper coaches which are again state-of-the-art buses, and we also introduced drive trucks for
the export markets and also new bus models in the export markets in the Middle East.
Page 5 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
And another good recognition for VECV has been the second year in a row, we ranked #1 in
Dealer
Satisfaction
in the survey conducted by Federation of Automotive Dealers
Associations, FADA and we continue to be number one this year as well as we were number
one last year as well in this survey, which puts us in a good advantageous position to create
good customer satisfaction. All in all, I think we are in a good position, and we are doing very
well as far as the volumes are concerned, and we should grow with the market. And of course,
the financials also should grow in line with that.
So, with that, now I think I hand over back to Govindarajan for any last remarks.
B. Govindarajan:
Thank you, sir. Just one point is, Mr. Siddhartha's is slightly under the weather and he's not
able to attend this call. So that's why me and Vinod are actually handling it, I'm just reading it
on behalf of him. Thanks for joining, I think it's been a good quarter and H1 for VECV and
Royal Enfield, and overall for Eicher Motors Limited. Thanks for joining this call. I think we
can move to the question and answers. Back to you.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Thanks, Mr. Govindarajan and Mr. Aggarwal. Participants we can now start with the Q&A
session. Requesting you to raise your hands or write your question in the chat box. We can
start with the first question from Gunjan Prithyani. We will request you to unmute and ask
your question.
Gunjan Prithyani:
Sure, thanks for taking my question. Sir, in your introduction comments, you mentioned that
the Hunter 350 has seen a different set of customers. Could you share a little bit of colour on
how the addressable market has changed either in terms of the age profile or the geography, a
little bit more colour around that? And what sort of order backlog, wait periods are going on
there? And is there a thought process to ramp up the capacity on the Hunter 350 platform?
That will be the first question.
B. Govindarajan:
As far as Hunter 350 is concerned, the first-time buyers, who used to be normally about 15%
that range, it has jumped to almost about 18.1% to 18.2% in this year post the Hunter launch.
In terms of first-time buyers, if I have to talk about the existing Royal Enfield consumers to
Hunter is 26%, first-time buyers going up and upgrades are also coming up into this. What is
Hunter doing and what is the confidence which we are having, I think during the launch also
we were explaining -- this is a product for those consumers who love the brand Royal Enfield
and wanted to associate with the brand Royal Enfield but wanted a motorcycle, which is a bit
more accessible, slightly lower in weight compared to the motorcycles which we are having in
like Classic 350 and Bullet 650, and it has all the rider handling ability for tight situations in a
traffic level.
And that's where we were looking at, and it should get new consumers and not cannibalizing
with the existing thing. Happy to share with all of you, the cannibalization is almost nil.
Marginally, it will be there because of the price point, some people can take a decision here
and there, but it hasn't been any materially different in terms of the cannibalization.
In terms of age group, the Hunter in this new format, it is the 18-25 age group, it's almost
touching 40% and about 26-30 age group, is another 43%. It is more the younger audience
who are coming into that. So, what we wanted over the Hunter, it is exactly got positioned in
that particular form. It's adding volume, and it is adding the new consumer set into Royal
Enfield and that's where we were looking for, which has answered to us.
Gunjan Prithyani:
Anything on the geography, wait period, order backlog, production related thought process, if
you can share on that?
Page 6 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
B. Govindarajan:
Yes, Hunter, it's a product now, it is available PAN India. And in terms of numbers, we have
rolled 50,000 motorcycles we produced -- so to that extent, you can see that it is continuously
in a waiting period as of now. Not because of anything else, we anticipated both Retro Hunter
and Metro Hunter, and that's what we launched. Retro Hunter at about ₹1.49 lakh and Metro
Hunter at ₹1.6-1.69 lakh. And at that price point, when we launched, we were assuming the
Retro model ~1.49 lakh, people will also look at it. It's good for us as a company and the
consumer was enjoying. Now for the Retro Hunter, the percentage is very low.
The Metro Hunter is the highest. It's actually an upgrade, which is actually happening, which
is a very good sign, that's what we were wanting to do. So, what has happened is the exclusive
part for Metro at an assumed level, we wanted to increase it so that the higher percentage of
Metro can be given to the consumer. We kickstarted looking at the initial responses and from
November onwards, the existing numbers and Hunter per day also will be slightly going up.
But it is very good in terms of booking, and it is constantly increasing the numbers for us.
Gunjan Prithyani:
Okay. The second question is on the export side. Now everybody has been calling out a lot of
volatility in export markets given where the macro is, is there any slowdown that you all have
seen? And how should we think about the export scale up over the next 12-18 months? Do we
see any headwinds on that part of the business?
B. Govindarajan:
Exports, as far as Royal Enfield is concerned, I will tell you because even in the Q2, the retail
has been very good for us. We have been gaining market share. In fact, some countries where
inflation is very high to be honest, as the energy cost is so high in Europe and all. Even in
those markets, we gained the market share and we have almost booked 10% market share in
the middle-weight category in those countries. Americas, both in North America and Latin
America, our retail has been outstandingly good. Will there be a pressure point, that nobody
can escape from the kind of an inflation and all those things.
But what is promising to see, that's what we are at EICMA 2022, and we are meeting all the
European people who are here, and we are launching our Meteor 650 at that point of time we
were discussing, the mobility and the demand has not gone off. To that extent, everybody is
looking at what are the new products which are coming up and when we will actually be
bringing out to the motorcycles. And somehow, we feel our motorcycles which are accepted
very well and continue, maybe one month because of the cold non-rainy season the retail will
be lower but we are building up for the season in coming years. So, to that extent, we will
start continuing the production because that's what our entire dealer network is also asking for
more quantities.
Gunjan Prithyani:
All right, thank you so much.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Thanks. Next, we have a question from Pramod Kumar.
Pramod Kumar:
Yes, thanks a lot. Hi, Govind and Vinod sir. Congratulations Govind on the Super Meteor 650.
That looks pretty good. My first question is on the kind of discussion we had during the
Investor Day as well, that incrementally, you would like to focus on the absolute growth and
the ROCE rather than kind of focus too much on the percentage margins on the EBITDA
front. This quarter, we have seen a bit of a step down on the margin and also on the ASP
because of Hunter 350, right?
How should the investor communities look at the margin profile of the organization, as you
see Hunter 350 ramping up going forward and then getting into international markets as well,
because on the domestic front itself Hunter is doing very well, and I'm pretty sure
international markets also will be a big success. So how should we look at this in the context
Page 7 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
of ASP and EBITDA per vehicle compared to the portfolio that we had so far, which was
much premium. If you can just help us understand that will be great.
B. Govindarajan:
Yes, Pramod. Hunter, as a product when we wanted to launch it, had an addressable market at
a price point which is also very accessible as a motorcycle, as we said. That's why we are
growth focused now. There has to be a rebalance, and that's the strategy which we looked at,
there should be a rebalance between the profit and the profitability. When we launched Hunter
350, there were some headwinds also when we were launching that point of time, which is not
baked in.
One is the commodity, at a point when we were launching in the current level, immediately
there's a lot of softening, which is taking place. When we launch a new product, I always say
that first three months, let's have a pipeline of VAV activities which are required, because it
has to reach the consumer and the value proposition, which we wanted to give it to the
consumer. In the first three months, we have to actually look at whether it has landed to them
very well.
For us, the opportunity for the profit pool on an overall number, in which Hunter is moving in
on. And on the profitability part which also we'll start working on is through the commodity
softening, which is helping us as a tailwind. As I mentioned, there is value engineering
activity, which we will be doing. Also, our capex is not going to be very high because as I
mentioned, it will be immaterial.
For example, in the Metro to Retro, ideally in the platform, the number of componentry which
we have changed in all, there's just about ₹1-1.2 crore additional investment here to
debottleneck, we can actually move the whole product to a 100% Metro, even that is what the
market requires. And that's the good sign, and we assume that our profitability also with the
Retro and the Metro at a particular percentage combination. Now the Metro going up more
and more, it's also a good sign.
And because there is a demand, we have also increased the price you would have known, in
the month of November - ₹3,000, which we have done for Hunter 350. So, the pricing option
is there, commodities won't help anyway. So, what we are looking at is the growth, and that's
what the Hunter 350 is bringing in. And let's keep going in that side, we will start looking at
profitability parallelly, and decide what we have to work on.
Pramod Kumar:
And Govind, could you kind of guide from the current quarter, would you expect the
percentage numbers and the EBITDA per vehicle to kind of improve as the benefits of
commodity kind of come in, and the price increases also kind of help you? And what would
be the sustainable profitability, what you would be quite happy with in terms of?
B. Govindarajan:
Pramod, as an organization, we don't give forward guidance. I can only tell you, as an
organization, we wanted our growth focus to come in. For growth focus, we wanted to bring
in a particular product, and that's in Hunter 350, which answered our requirement. It started
giving us a higher volume and not cannibalizing the existing one which is number one, which
is good in a way. Second, there is no commodity pressure now. We were all assuming the
super commodity pressure will continue for a longer period of time, which is now not there. In
between, we had our semiconductors and all those things, we were buying it from the resellers
as the price was higher and the logistics cost was also higher. All those things are behind us
now by and large.
The value-engineering, which is possible, is just now kicking in the organization, let's start
looking on one by one of these things. Also new product launches will come, now there is
Page 8 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
Super Meteor 650, which is going to come in. Initially, I thought that probably we'll give it
only in the first quarter. Now it is coming up slightly ahead. So overall mix, I see a positive
trend for this organization overall.
Pramod Kumar:
That's great to hear. And Govind, a follow-up more on the industry terms as well on the ODB
norms, what would it be because we are hearing that on the four-wheeler side, the cost
implications will be big. How do you see that in terms of a cost for the two wheeler industry,
for a category like 350cc and above, what ideally will be the cost inflation, what you will see
on account of ODB norms for two-wheelers.
B. Govindarajan:
OBD has two phases, OBD-IIA and OBD-IIB. IIA is only a minor thing. IIB when it comes
up, that is a CAT deterioration monitoring, which has to come in as need to watch out close.
And IIB when it comes up, that is when probably there may be a bit of a loading in the
precious metal, possibly which can happen. Everyone has already started working on it, if that
comes, how do we protect it? For example, when we were doing a BSVI, after
implementation of BSVI, we started looking at optimization.
Now there is a time which is there for OBD-IIB, very recently, in fact, it is the final
notification, it will reach us maybe in a day or so. Now Vinod is the President, so it will come
through him. So once that comes in, at least we have time for IIB, it is only 2025. So, all our
optimization activity, which we may have to do it, that can be done. That's the time under
which we asked for from the government and government has given. And hopefully, that
should not put burden on the consumers also because of this.
Pramod Kumar:
And can I take one question with Vinod sir?
Pramod Kumar:
On the CV demand, we have seen somewhat of a moderation at the start of third quarter. And
we've got some feedback from fleet owners that they probably may be in a wait and watch
mode at least in February before they kind of get a color on the macro situation and the
interest rate scenario. Given that, what are you picking up from the market in terms of the
demand in the near-term, on the commercial vehicle side, and whether this global uncertainty
and higher interest rates has resulted in some bit of a pause or rethink for large fleet owners?
Vinod Aggarwal:
I think we have to look at the overall scenario, because we won't be able to answer based on
the MoM figures or month-wise figures. If you look at the overall scenario for Indian
economy, I think everyone is having consensus that we are going to have 7% growth in the
current year. And sentiments for India, they are relatively much better as compared to the
global situation. If you look at our GDP tax collections month-after-month, they are quite
handsome, in fact, ₹140,000 crores plus if there are any concerns, they are largely the trade
balance concerns. There again, there are a lot of things that the government is doing on the
ethanol mixed, 10% has already happened in 20% what he is talking of. So therefore, I think
government is trying to address all these concerns with respect to these global situations of the
increasing crude oil prices.
At the same time, when the economy grows, there is a requirement for more and more trucks
to move the goods and services. And as you know, these periods have been bad years for the
industry, and it was at rock bottom in 2021. Therefore, since it is cyclical industry and
economy can't do without trucks. And you also need more modern trucks to take care of the
demands of more tax heavy customers or customers who focus a lot on the productivity as
well as timeliness and the costs. Like I should talk to any customer today, they always dictate
that I need delivery in so and so period, and I need at this cost.
Page 9 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
Now if they have to meet these requirements, you can't meet those requirements with the old
trucks. Therefore, it is imminent that old fleet of trucks have to be replaced. And since
replacements have not happened in past two to three years, these replacements are going to
happen, not only because of the pent-up replacement requirement, but also because of the
need of more productivity and cost reductions, which can be delivered only by the new
technology trucks.
Therefore, I would say that overall, we are going to see good trends in the CV industry in the
coming two to three years, because we are in the recovery cycle. And still, we are far away
from the earlier peak as far as heavy-duty trucks and the buses are concerned. Light and
medium duty still this year itself we may touch the new peak. So therefore, my own feeling
that we are going to see a good time for the CV industry. There may be different indications in
some months or the other, but that doesn't mean anything. Even in the month of October, the
industry has grown by 15% over a much better base of October last year because last year,
October itself, the industry has started growing. And last year's second half, the growth had
started. And even on that base, we have seen a growth of 15%.
Pramod Kumar:
And the pricing continues to get better, sir?
Vinod Aggarwal:
Pricing will get better as the industry grows; the pricing will get better. As of now, it is still
not better, but you have seen a lot of press statements, which are coming from competitors
that we are also concerned about profits. How long we will continue to show losses.
Pramod Kumar:
Thanks a lot sir. Best of luck.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Thanks. We'll request participants to limit their questions to two questions max. And next, we
have Pramod Amte. Please unmute.
Pramod Amte:
Thanks for this opportunity. Since we touched up on OBD-II. Wanted to check one of your
entry level product still runs on the old engine platform. What are the plans to comply on the
same? Can all of your products easily go for OBD-II?
B. Govindarajan:
Yeah, so all our products as of now for OBD-IIA we are ready. And IIB we are working, as I
was just explaining for the IIB, we have to be careful that it is not adding cost to the
consumers and to us also. To that extent, we started working on and we have time for it. But
time to come, the transition to IIA, we don't anticipate any problem. We'll be comfortably
transitioning into that.
Pramod Amte:
And second follow-up question is, if I had to look at your ASP rise, the first quarter was
impressive, and once you launched a new product, it seems to have seen a sharp QoQ drop
and because of its first half, there is literally a flattish ASP. And if I hear you right, you're
already seeing a better product mix within the Hunter 350. If it goes down, do you see a
further pressure on your ASP in the second half and hence, you might have to take more
pricing action to drive our top-line and margin expansion?
B. Govindarajan:
In the ASP, once again, first is the growth focus. That is what we actually said it's a rebalance.
It has to be growth focused and we should get more consumers into this. We look at it the
business of holistic. One is about that motorcycle alone and ASP. We actually look at the
accessories, the GMAs, which all get added on to that, when the Hunter was launched, in fact,
our GMA penetration has been slightly lower, because we also have not brought it in time,
we've missed out.
Page 10 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
Commodity is the way we priced it at that point of time, the commodity has not shown
anything substantially and that we are expecting that it will come down. The third, which I
mentioned is as it is a new product, the value engineering projects have not kicked in. It is all
in the pipeline. We were envisaging and has all host of activities, which must be looked at for
the cost angle and all those things. But it will actually start certifying now on.
Another one lever, which is there, is the international market. International market, as of now,
the product, Hunter350 has not come in, because we're just opening into country-by-country.
So overall, as we wanted it as a growth, that's what it was meant for, and it has given. Now
when we look at ASPs, profitability's, how do we work on it. And obviously, the avenues and
levers will be pulled whenever it is required, and we'll be continuing on that path.
Pramod Amte:
Thanks and all the best.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Next, we have question from Raghunandan.
Raghunandan:
Good evening, sir. Congratulations on the unveiling of Super Meteor. Sir, I wanted to
understand that there are expectations of multiple launches ahead at the 650cc space. How
would you look at the opportunity? Would export be a bigger opportunity? Or would you see
these models as credible upgrades for domestic market? Which one would be the bigger area
you would focus on?
B. Govindarajan:
Look, first of all, the entire cruiser in India, we had Lightning, city bike, Thunderbird,
Thunderbird X then we came out with Meteor. We understand long distance ride, we
understand cruising. So, we came out with the 350 Meteor Cruiser, which is a simple cruising
one. The 650 platform has come over the time when we were riding, and we were also talking
to our riding community. Everyone started looking at, we should also come out with one more
cruiser on the Twin platform. When we were contemplating and consuming the Twin platform
at that point of time itself, we said the platform must come with a cafe racer, roadster and a
cruiser. So, we came with Continental GT and with Interceptor 650. Globally, it has been a
resounding success, and it actually created that category and groomed the category in that
particular segment.
Now we see this is another one product, which everybody has been looking for, not a very
heavy cruiser, a guy who doesn't like cruising can also get onto the motorcycle will enjoy
cruising and it should be accessible and simple, not a complicated cruiser, ours is a
feet-forward cruiser, you don't feel it is a very heavy machine. So, in the cruiser space, we feel
there is a good space which we are entering. That's what our riders were looking at across the
globe, and it is helping us in a right time, which you are bringing in, when I were just
unveiling it two today's back and all the media when we were talking all the European
customers who were here now and we are generally chatting with, it's coming out to be clearly
that, that's the product exactly you are looking for and you brought the proper fit, finish and in
all those things. And we will come out with a very good price point also in an accessible way.
So that's across the globe, that will also show a growth potential. But more products which are
in pipeline for us to bring in for India and others. As far as India is concerned, today, I think
with the long roads, which are coming up and the riding culture, which is gaining momentum.
And post-pandemic, once again, people are out there, weekend raids are starting, with people
started actually asking me by when are you opening the booking on the Super Meteor 650. So
that's the demand which is coming up. So hopefully, I will be seeing that both in India and
outside both ways, it will be addressing the easy cruising for even the non-cruisers.
Page 11 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
Raghunandan:
Got it sir. All the best for that. Sir, my second question was on how much was the commodity
impact in Q2 because gross margin QoQ could be impacted both by mix as well as by
commodity? Also commodity deflation impact, do you expect from Q3 onwards?
B. Govindarajan:
Yes, in Q2, it hasn't impacted into the P&L to that extent. So, it will start flowing in Q3
onwards.
Raghunandan:
Thank you, sir. But would you be able to give some numbers, how much benefit do you
expect?
B. Govindarajan:
Very certainly in the next call, yes.
Raghunandan:
Thank you sir. And all the best on the 650 side.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Next, question is from Jinesh Gandhi. Please unmute.
Jinesh Gandhi:
Sir, my first question pertains to the domestic market. So, excluding Hunter can you give
some color on how our core portfolio is doing? If I look at the numbers on the wholesale
basis, do we have to see material pickup in demand or a pickup in volumes from our
normalized volume perspective. So, any color on that?
B. Govindarajan:
If the question is towards Hunter coming and all the other models are not growing, Jinesh I can
tell you there is a festive season anyway and all our models also has seen growth which is also
a good sign. So, on the booking trend Classic, Bullet, Meteor everything has actually gone up.
What we are doing now is within Hunter launched, we are watching every counter and
whether it is giving an additional number or cannibalizing? That's what I mentioned, it is not
cannibalizing at this stage which is a good sign for us. The consumers, even in the rural side,
are also looking at the metro, so that is also increasing. In the process, other models are also
coming. Having said, we are ramping up our digital presence in all the products.
Even for Classic, we once again did Classic refreshed in the market with the digital media,
and we started doing a lot of track dates for our Himalayan and Scram. We are doing a college
connect for all our Scram. We have started the flat track and dirt track racing. All those areas
are actually helping us at the product level also. Whenever the GT Cup things comes up and
there is a buzz in the social media, in fact even for Continental GT's requirement and inquiry
is going up.
So, with a lot of news on the Super Meteor lot of more guys have started enquiring about
Meteor. So, the inquiry for Meteor also has gone up. So, it's a combined effect as an
organization when you come out with new products in adjacencies and convey that to the
consumer authentically, this is what we wanted to come and give it to you. The rest of the
products are also growing at this stage. But I have to give you one thing with the rider as this
is the festive season everything has grown.so, we'll have to wait and watch. I also feel the
refreshes will also start kicking as we have refresh plans. So, to that extent, we see there will
be a growth in every product which we have.
Jinesh Gandhi:
Okay. And secondly on Hunter, any sense on what proportion of demand comes from, beyond
top 10 cities or top 20 cities Primarily, is it more broad-based in terms of demand through
regional lens?
B. Govindarajan:
We don't do it in that form. We normally categorize in terms of more than 125cc motorcycles
per month in that particular region, AA+ types. If I have to tell you, the booking which is
actually coming out city wise, it's across until it's actually having a response. Having said, in
Page 12 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
the initial field, which we wanted to give for the test rides, we have covered only about 70%,
remaining 30% in the studio stores which were yet filling up. So, we are slowly doing the
more opening, which we will be bringing in more consumers. So, it's a pan-India and it is not
any one particular area. But we have been seeing the growth in all the top 10 cities which we
have been watching, everywhere there is growth.
Jinesh Gandhi:
Got it. And sir one last question on CVs to Vinod ji. Sir with respect to demand from small
and single fleet owners, are we seeing them coming back as that has been one segment which
was yet to show any material recovery. So, what are the trends we are seeing there?
Vinod Aggarwal:
If you look at the trends in the light and medium duty trucks or in the sub 5 ton trucks, the
maximum growth is there in those segments. And those are the segments which have either
single truck owners or very small plays. So therefore, yes, of course, for the small operators,
the interest rate and the sentiments they matter more. But at the same time, I think there is
demand for movement of goods that has to be met. So, I think it's coming because of the
economic requirements.
Jinesh Gandhi:
Got it. Thanks. I'll fall back in queue.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Thanks. Next we have question from Kapil Singh. Please unmute.
Kapil Singh:
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Govind sir, first, the question is to you. When we look at
your production, in the past been facing supply shortages. So, when I look at the current
volumes, are you able to supply as per market demand or you're still facing shortages and
therefore, you need to build out production from where you are currently?
B. Govindarajan:
As of now, we are almost more doing about 3100-3200 numbers. So, the capacity is not a
constraint. Number one, because we have already built capex, so that's not the constraint now.
Second, we had an issue of the semiconductors, availability of steel itself which are not in the
headwind as of now, by large it’s getting sorted out. I am not saying it is completely gone or
something like that but that's not the top of the main issues now. We also started off doing
inventorization, substitutions, all those activities which are required also kick started. So,
production is not a constraint. It's a exact model mix, which we have to align and we'll give it
to the consumers, and that's what it is. It's not a concern any more.
Kapil Singh:
Okay. Great to hear that. Vinod sir, one question to you, please. BS VI Phase 2 is coming up
and if you could help us understand what is the kind of cost increase we should expect for
LCV and MHCV portfolio? And what are the elements that are going to get added for that?
Vinod Aggarwal:
BS step 2 is going to come from 1st April 2023. And basically, there are much more stringent
compliance requirements. But it means that the manufactures are responsible for ensuring the
tail emissions, they continue to meet the standards on the road for a long period of time after
the vehicles are sold. So therefore, the regulators can pick up any truck from the road and can
see that whether it is complying or not. So, I think that is the major change that the emission
standards have to perform absolutely in line with the law. And if they don't perform, then
there can be major implications for the manufacturers. As far as the costs are concerned, there
will be some increase in costs but at the same time, we are also working on various other cost
reduction avenues. So hopefully, let's see how it lands and when we are closer to the date of
implementation, we will take a call that how much price increases we will take, because of
that.
Kapil Singh:
Sir, just wanted to understand, I know you will not have an exact estimate right now but
directionally, when BS IV to BS VI happened there was a big concern regarding this. There
Page 13 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
was an element of pre-buy also that was expected. So, is it going to be that large? And will
there be some segmental disruptions in, for example LCVs could see much higher cost
increases or something like that.
Vinod Aggarwal:
No, it will not be that large.
Kapil Singh:
Okay. All right. That's it from my side. Thank you so much sir.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Thanks. Next, we have a question from Ankush Agarwal. Please unmute.
Ankush Agarwal:
Hi sir. Thank you for taking my question. Sir my first question is on the product portfolio. So,
in the recent analyst meet, we had highlighted a lot of products, but what I wanted to
understand is the product portfolio expansion in terms of new categories. So, for example,
Hunter is a new category of products that bring a new set of customers to us. Himalayan was a
different set of products that got a different set of customers to us. So, in terms of product
portfolio that you're looking to launch, which are the products that will expand this category
of customers and not just product that are expansion of existing line up products, if you can
talk about that?
B. Govindarajan:
So Ankush, product portfolio per se, we were only one platform company and now there we
have two platforms. Earlier because UC was the only platform which we had, now we have
J-Series and P. We are also working on an upgradation cycle for all these platforms, because
we have just launched and we have done a transition in this. In the product portfolio, we
always look at what is it. There are some products like Classics or Meteor which are all
innovations, but it is a replacement for an existing product. Adjacencies like we did in
Himalayan for an adventure trailer, then we found Scram is one more variant which we can
bring in, let's see what kind of an experience the consumer is looking at. Globally, in these
sort of categorization, one have to understand is only the experience. So now we had Meteor
with an experience we said, okay, in the platform of Twin, we can come out with an accessible
cruiser of a retro cruiser style from Royal Enfield. That's what we are doing. Similarly, we did
a Cafe Racer in 650cc, in a sports category. Is there something else which we can do at what
point of time it is required, we will definitely come out with that. A Roadster category in that,
what is the product adjacencies, which is required. And those are all the thought process for
the product lineup, which we continue to evolve, that's why we always had a healthy pipeline
of new products on a platform-based and category base have to be signed up and then the
organization have to start working on, and our c are also dedicated only for that.
To that extent, our pipeline is very healthy. We have a lot of products which we have been
working on. And in this year, you would have seen we came out with a Scram, Classic. Now
we have the P4D which we are coming up. So, like that all these products will start coming up
at an interval when the market is ready, and we will time that and then we'll do the launching.
You will see a lot of new products which will keep coming from Royal Enfield.
Ankush Agarwal:
Yeah, I get that. What I was asking is, will there be products that could expand category? So
obviously, we have now launched Meteor 650, which is an extension of existing Meteor
product, but something like a Hunter, which was a new segment all together. So, do we have
those kind of products which would be our new segment and would bring a new set of
customers to us?
B. Govindarajan:
Yeah. That's why I said, somewhere the Roadster as a category, which is very strong in 350
but there is a space for 650, we can look at that. So, we as a company don't do too much, that
is also very clear. We don't have very relenting and do a focused approach. Whatever product
which we bring in, it has to be successful because we don't bring product and then start
Page 14 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
looking at what is an experience which we can give it to the consumer. We actually go ride
along with the consumer, we spend time, get the whole thing as I say well consumer is
looking at this sort of an experience. So, whether I can come out with a variant rather than
giving a full new platform development. Full new platform development is a huge effort. So,
what we are looking at is when we were doing this J and P platform, we thought this platform
should be expandable in a way that it can give adjacencies experience to the consumers. So,
the core product, then adjacencies, then variants, then color refreshes, that's the cycle which
we are normally looking for these two platforms. That way if you look at made in India and
international market, there's a huge potential for us to exploit these two platforms itself.
And in terms of addressable thing, which we were talking about, outside India the market
potential is so much like what it is there in India, and we have just started exploiting into their
international markets. So, our focus also has to be how we capture that market outside with
the platforms which are so successful now. And all the platform and the product are just one
year, two years. So, it is just hitting the maturity cycle and it takes time for product to get the
maturity cycle, then it has a huge potential. So, we will not be doing these things.
Ankush Agarwal:
Okay. Got it. Sir my second question was, internally, like when we look to price in new
product. So, do we look at profit on per bike basis or it's more like a cost-plus kind of
approach that we look at?
B. Govindarajan:
Pricing is never on a cost plus Ankush. We normally look at what is the product, what's the
kind of accessible price point which he is looking at from Royal Enfield and who is the source
of growth, where the growth is coming and what is his EMI? So, it has to be market focused
rather than cost plus focused Ankush.
Ankush Agarwal:
That's right. So just to get a sense, what you're saying is you're broadly looking at the profit
pool that you can capture rather than per bike
B. Govindarajan:
We never approach it like that way Ankush. We always looked at, there is a consumer who
wants an experience from Royal Enfield and what's the value proposition which he is looking
at from the Royal Enfield. Today Royal Enfield success is, the price which is being paid for
the Royal Enfield he feels it's a jewel, which I'm just holding on and the value proposition is
very good. That's why we always look at it from the customer in the market. What's the value
which we can deliver, which the consumer feel that, Royal Enfield has delivered a fantastic
value to me for the kind of money which he has given and that has to be very authentic. So,
we always come focus on this rather than looking at the entire material cost plus add up which
we don't do. Internally, we do the benchmark. We have to do the case in point of any product
which comes in. We always look at it, what's the relative price index? Where is the source of
growth? What's that price point for them? What does it mean in terms of EMI per month, if in
case a price is like this those calculations we do, but we always look at the value for the
consumer rather than just giving the pricing.
Ankush Agarwal:
That was very helpful. I have further question, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Thanks participants, that was the last question. Thanks to Mr. Govindarajan and Mr. Aggarwal
for replying to all the queries of the investors. For any unanswered question or any other
query, please feel free to reach Investor Relations team of Eicher Motors Limited. I'll like to
hand over to Mr. Govindarajan for any closing comments.
B. Govindarajan:
Thank you very much. It's been a wonderful interacting with you people. As an organization,
we always look at
being long-term focus. Internally, anyplace anything which we do we
always look at it long-term. And that's why even in an Investor Meet myself and Vinod, we all
Page 15 of 16

Eicher Motors
November 10, 2022
came and then explain to you that it is a growth-focused organization, and that's what we will
be at it. When we are growing, whatever correct things which are to be done for the
organization, we'll continue to do that.
In Royal Enfield, EV is another one space, which we are now getting into that very intensely.
In fact, I and Siddharth is here, we are all spending time and understanding the whole
ecosystem, what's happening, what sort of a technology has to be looked at immediately, so
those are the things. And maybe Vinod can add anything from the VECV side for closing.
Vinod Aggarwal:
No, I think you've summarized it very well.
B. Govindarajan:
Thank you very much. Thanks everyone for attending this.
Basudeb Banerjee:
Thank you very much.
Page 16 of 16
