 
 
 
November 17, 2022 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: APOLLOPIPE 
 
Department of Corporate Services/Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
SCRIP Code: 531761 
 
Dear Sir/Mam, 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Regulations”) – Earnings Call 
Transcript 
 
With reference to our letter dated November 08, 2022 regarding Earnings Conference Call, 
which was held on November 14, 2022 and pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call Transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call held on November 14, 2022. 
 
Submitted for your kind information and necessary records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Truly 
For Apollo Pipes Limited  
 
 
 
 
(Ankit Sharma) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
ANKIT 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
ANKIT SHARMA 
Date: 2022.11.17 
11:38:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Apollo Pipes Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMEER GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. AJAY KUMAR JAIN – THE CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
MR. ANUBHAV GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. UDIT GAJIWALA – YES SECURITIES  
 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator:  
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 FY '23 earnings conference call of 
Apollo Pipes Limited hosted by YES Securities. As a reminder, all participant line will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions, after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Udit Gajiwala from YES Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Yes. Thank you, Michel. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of YES Securities, I welcome 
you all on the Q2 FY '23 earnings conference call of Apollo Pipes Limited. From the 
management side, we have with us today, Mr. Sameer Gupta, Managing Director; Mr. Ajay 
Kumar Jain, the Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Anubhav Gupta, Group Chief Strategy Officer. 
We'll start the call with the brief opening remarks from the management side and then open the 
floor for the Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our Q2 FY '23 earnings 
call to discuss the operating and financial performance. I'm sure you all have the opportunity to 
go through our results presentation, which provides detail of our operational and financial 
performance for the second quarter ended September 30, 2022. As you all know, the PVC 
industry is witnessing a carnage. 
The resin prices collapsed 25% in Q2 and 12% in Q3 till date. This is after the fact that the prices 
crashed almost 35% from their peak till 30th June 2022. We have not seen such situation in our 
history. What it did was that it created a panic in the industry, the traders and distributors went 
into market destocking mode to prevent stock losses. In such circumstances, we were working 
on 3-point strategy, prevent Apollo Pipes from inventory write-downs to the extent possible; 
second, push post volume to continue market share gains; and third, to increase share of value-
added products to boost margins. 
The only silver lining was the underlying demand, which has been strong enough for us to report 
15,465 metric tons, second half highest quarterly volume number ever. The current PVC price 
levels are way below pre COVID levels given the fact the dollar has appreciated by 15% in the 
last two years. This suggests that correction may be adjusted soon from here on. This should 
instill confidence in our channel partners, which will lift volumes in coming quarters. 
Another data point I want to share is that in seven months so far, we have maintained sales 
volume run rate of 5,000 metric tons per month, we suggest that 20% Y-o-Y growth for the 
current fiscal year. So I would like to appreciate the efforts put by the team Apollo for achieving 
such growth in the worst of the times. We continue to hold minimal inventory levels to avoid 
our stock losses. 
At the same time, we have to improve our share of value added products such as HDPE, CPVC 
pipe and fittings and pipe fittings et cetera, we are continuing with our capex program as planned 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
earlier, we have spent INR 37 crores in quarter 1 and INR 8 crores in quarter 2 to meet our full 
year capex guidance of INR 60 crores. I would like to remind everyone that this ongoing capex 
is majorly for a greenfield plant, which is 100% dedicated towards value-added products. We 
expect the new production to start in FY '24, which will help us to meet our revenue targets of 
25% CAGR. 
To conclude, I would like to state that it is our most tough times our industry has ever seen. The 
moment -- there is some respite in PVC pricing. The channel will see massive restocking, which 
will lift our sales to significantly higher levels with sharp recovery in profitability. Till then we 
are holding our both through market share gains that is growing at an expected rate. Now I would 
like to invite Mr. Ajay Jain to run you through the key financial highlights for this quarter ending 
June 30, 2022. Thank you. 
Ajay Kumar Jain: 
And good afternoon, everyone. I will briefly cover the financial performance during the quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2022. The company delivered a strong operational 
performance during the quarter. However, financials got impacted due to lower realization and 
higher input costs. 
Sales volume for the quarter stood at 15,465 metric tons, reporting a growth of 7% as against 
14,518 metric tons in Q2 FY '22. Sales volume for H1 FY '23 stood at 29,871 metric tons as 
against 24,920 metric tons, up by 20%. Volume from operations for the quarter stood at INR 
207.0 crores as against INR 208.02 crores, in the Q2 FY '22 lower by 1% Y-o-Y. In H1 FY '23, 
half year revenue from operations stood at INR 425.9 crores as against INR 345.8 crores, up by 
23%. 
On the profitability front, EBITDA for the quarter declined to INR 2.5 crores versus INR 26 
crores in Q2 FY '22. EBITDA for H1 FY '23 stood at INR 22.5 crores as against INR 43.4 crores, 
lower by 48% Y-o-Y. Margins for the half year ended September 30, 2022, stood at 5.3%, where 
compared to 12.5% in the corresponding period last year, lower by 726 bps. Going forward, we 
anticipate EBITDA margins to be stabilized. During the quarter, we witnessed a sharp increase 
in rising raw material costs. 
Depreciation costs stood at INR 7 crores in Q2 FY '23 as against INR 6.2 crores in Q2 FY '22. 
Financial cost was higher by INR 1.5 crores during Q2. The company booked a net loss of INR 
4.8 crores for the quarter compared to a profit of INR 14.1 crores in Q2 FY '22. Net profit for 
H1 FY '23 stood at INR 4 crores as against INR 22.8 crores in H1 FY '22. Net margins during 
the period stood at 0.9% as compared to 6.6% in FY '22, lower by 565 bps. 
On the balance sheet front, our net debt position stood at INR 45.6 crores, and our annual 
capacity increased by 6,000 tons to 1,31,200 metric tons during this period. capex during the 
period was largely funded from internal cash flow. On the working capital front, our continuous 
endeavor improved our overall working capital cycle to 66 days in H1 FY '23, against 73 days 
in H1 FY '22. 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
With this, I will now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions or suggestions 
that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Aman Agarwal from Equirus Capital. 
Aman Agarwal: 
Sir, two questions from sir. Firstly, if you can just elaborate on the magnitude of inventory losses 
that you have resisted for the quarter. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Hi Aman. Good afternoon. This is Anubhav here. See, if you look at our quarterly revenue, 
which was around INR 210 crores, on a manufacturing level, we did make EBITDA spreads of 
like 12% to 13%. And of course, because of falling prices because of destocking in the channel, 
we had to push materials or some extra discount, et cetera, we gave to our channel partners. So 
let's say, we did a 10% EBITDA margin at operating level. And what we reported is 1.5%, 2%. 
So that balance will be inventory write-down. So this would be the tune of like INR 15 crores to 
INR 20 crores that should be what it is. 
Aman Agarwal: 
And I mean that will also include the incentive impact that we have passed on to the dealers as 
well. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
I mean some discounts, right? When dealers are not ready to stock material, then you have to 
push your material. And some discounts, some sweeteners go into the kitty. So like we were 
working on a normalized EBITDA level of a 12%, 13%. Then some extra discounts, which 
brought down our operating EBITDA to 10%, and the rest is inventory write down. 
Aman Agarwal: 
And secondly, I just like to know about the consumer sentiment opening up, especially for the 
agri side of demand since you are near to approaching the good demand pool for the agri 
segment. So how is the sentiment shaping up for that segment? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So agri demand has been strong for two reasons. One, that monsoon has been on expected lines 
in India this year. So that has kept the agri demand up. Second as prices are falling. So this makes 
high-grade PVC pipes more affordable for farmers, for people related in the agricultural sector. 
And this has been a good factor for organized players who are dealing into high-grade PVC 
pipes.  
So yes, demand from agri is there, but glad to share that demand from the building materials 
side has also been strong. In first half, our volumes are up 20% Y-o-Y, even in Q2, we could 
grow our volume by 6%, 7%. The reason, one is, of course, I mean, agri, but right now, 50% of 
our sales are coming from building materials. So that segment is also doing well, and we are 
confident that this portfolio from building material will keep on growing. And that's the main 
factor for our market share gains, Aman. 
Aman Agarwal: 
And just last question, if I may. If you can elaborate on the kind of mix of value-added products 
in our revenue for 2Q? 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So until last year, it was around 45% agri and 55% building materials. Right now, we are 
operating at 50-50 mix. So building material is all value added. And then from agri, 10%, 15% 
of HDPE pipes is value-added. So value-added should be around 60% and commoditized should 
be like 40%. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Avadhoot Joshi from Newberry Capitals. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Two questions. First about PVC resin, how much we are importing currently, how much 
percentage wise of total? 
Sameer Gupta: 
It is roughly around 70% of our total consumption of PVC, we are taking through imports. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
So is it fair to assume that inventory losses may continue in the Q3 also? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, of course, some part because in Q3 also -- as I told you in my opening remarks that there 
has already been a drop of around 12% till date. And of course, and in the next few days, we 
also expect some more drops. But I think that this should be a -- like I say, the bottom in near to 
bottom prices that we are witnessing. And once the prices take a U turn, then there should be 
some corrections in the prices. So we are not because we are in the mid of this Q3. So we are 
not exactly sure that what exactly will happen in the coming days. But we are optimistic 
regarding the prices that it should be near to bottom or bottom out and we should witness the 
sharp growth in the coming days. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So just to add to this that in Q2, the drop in PVC prices was around INR 30,000 per ton. So far, 
in Q3, we have witnessed 10,000 per ton drop. If the drop sustains at this level, then the inventory 
losses will be much lower than what we saw in Q2. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
But the import material, we would be maintaining inventory or the given orders in the three 
months or something like that? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes, of course, we have reduced the imports seeing the volatility in the market and the drop in 
the international market. We have reduced the import cycle and we are right now trying to cater 
the demand through local purchases because material is currently available in the local market. 
So seeing -- going forward, we will be actually maintaining, you can say, maintaining the normal 
level of in-force in coming days. But right now, of course, we are on the lower level in the 
[inaudible 0:14:35]. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
And second question about CPVC, whether we have gained market share in the CPVC in the 
same quarters? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, of course, we have gained -- so CPVC has been growing at 70%, 80% for us. Last year, the 
growth was in the same range this year, so far in first half, we have grown at 70%, 80%. So 
assuming that industry is not growing at the same pace, definitely, we are seeing market share 
gains for Apollo. 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Jenish Karia from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Jenish Karia: 
If you can just broadly help us with the estimated market share currently that Apollo has annually 
to be going forward. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So if you look at our market share, right, we are at a run rate of INR 800 crores to INR 1,000 
crores of annual revenue run rate. On a market size of, say, INR 30,000 crores on reduced PVC 
prices. So this gives us a share of around 2%, 2.5. That's what where we are today. And given 
our revenue growth target of 25% CAGR till FY '25, we expect this market share to take it to 
3.5%, 4%. 
Jenish Karia: 
Sir, 25% CAGR level revenue run rate in terms of [inaudible 0:16:27] volume guidance? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So what do we say is that 20% volume CAGR and 20% to 25% volume CAGR and the rest will 
be the realization increase or, I would say, the realization improvement on account of our 
growing value-added product portfolio. I mean, we don't know where the PVC prices will be. 
So when we say 25% revenue CAGR, it's the volume mix plus [NSR 0:16:58] improvement on 
account of our value-added products. 
Jenish Karia: 
Sir, next [inaudible 0:17:05] opening among 6,000 metric tons of capacity added. So what 
product -- is it in the value added category in which location have we added the 6,000 metric 
tons? And secondly, going forward, the INR 60 crores capex that you are guiding to where you 
-- what capacities would be added though in terms of metric tons and in what segments? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So this 6,000 tons, which came up as new capacity that's majorly value-add in the existing plants. 
But this majority of the INR 60 crores capex that we talked about, that is for the new upcoming 
Greenfield plant in North India, which we are putting up for 100% value-added products. So 
yes. And what was the second question? 
Jenish Karia: 
So what was the total capacity after this new plant PVC comes up and what would be the future 
basis that is after this capex is over? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So as at March 31, right, we were at 125,000 tons as capacity. Now in first half, we have added 
around 6,000 tons. So right now, we are at 131,000 tons. And this new plant, which we're talking 
about, that will be incremental 15,000 tons. Okay. So we should be around like 145,000 to 
150,000 tons capacity after this new plant. 
Jenish Karia: 
 
And post that any capex plan or we figure out it at later date? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
I guess, we may want to put one plant in West India, after we are done with this. So we want to 
penetrate deeper into Western market. That's where we are getting very good traction. And there 
will be some minor Brownfield expansions, which will keep on going on. So I guess, for the 
time being, our whole focus is to come up with this new plant, where we have committed around 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
INR 100 crores plus capex. And it's going to contribute majorly into our FY '25 revenue vision. 
So right now, the focus is on completion of this plant. 
Jenish Karia: 
Sir, just one last question that is, you can tell us how the distribution network is shaping up for 
the rest of India, I know we have a good presence in north, but for the rest of India, how is the 
distribution network expanding? And that would be all from my end. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So distribution expansion is taking place as we speak. The main clients, who are our direct 
channel partners, they are at around 600 in number today, but that's growing, right. At the same 
time, we are also helping our channel partners to penetrate deeper with their retailers. So the 
retail touch points are also increasing at the same time. 
So we still see a lot of scope to improve our distribution network in East India, in South India, 
in West India, North we can say that we are fully there given that we have very high market 
share in North India, but same model we want to replicate in the rest of India. So I guess I guess 
there is a lot of work to do. And in next few quarters, coming quarters, you will see a lot of new 
store additions in terms of like counter edition in our network. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Behzad from Stallion Asset Managers. 
Behzad: 
My question is regarding the distributors which you have. So you have 600 distributors across 
India. Can I know what percent of distributors sell the value-added as well as the commoditized 
or everyone sells everything at the end of the day? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So see, I mean, majority of our distributors will sell all the products at their counter. And that's 
the right to win for Apollo in last two, three years. When we go to our distributor and we sell all 
kind of products. That's where they see value being added from our side, and that's why they are 
sticking to us. So it is better to go to any distributor, reach out to him and sell the -- or offer him 
full SKU range. And that's how the stickiness will be there. Otherwise, if we do single product 
with single distributor, then my right to win goes away. 
Behzad: 
My second question is just a follow-up on that. So is your entry in the door basically the 
commoditized products and then they come ask for the value-added product or you guys go with 
all the products at the end of the day. I just wanted to understand their psychology? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
I mean if you look at the history of the company, right, when we started this business in 2015, 
'16, that time, we were doing majorly agri-based products. So that you can say was 
commoditized. But over the years, six, seven years, we have built our portfolio today equal to 
any top PVC pipe company in India. The full SKU range, whether you take pipes, you take 
fittings, you take CPVC, you take water tanks, you take bath fittings, you take solvents, you take 
HDPE pipes. So I guess the main right to win for us has been the ever-expanding SKU range of 
what we are doing. 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
And that's what our distributors also like about us that as a brand, as a Tier 2 brand versus like 
the top brands, which are there in the market. We have been able to offer the complete SKU 
range and we have been able to match the servicing levels also. As far-- with our peers. So I 
think -- I mean, we are happy with the current model, where we go and take the full range to our 
distributors and we want them to buy the complete range because in some products, I'll make x 
margin in some products, I'll make x plus 2 margin, right? That's how I kind of -- because we 
also have this metric of one is revenue per distributor, second also earnings per distributor. So 
earnings per distributor will go up if I sell more of value-added products. 
Behzad: 
Just one last question. So you said you want to penetrate more on the South Western and Eastern 
region compared to the North. Can I just know the problems from the distributors and why you 
are not able to penetrate or not get that incremental market share which you are targeting and 
how you're able to address this problem? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Okay. The first thing is that it's not that we are not focusing on North. In North, we already have 
a high market share of 8% to 10%. So now we have the other markets to grow. And the other 
markets have been new for us, right? Our competitors have been present in other markets for the 
last 10, 15 years, but we put up our plants only in last two, three years. South we started just 
after corona, right, which is just two years from today. East, we started last year. So again, we 
are ramping up. West, we had put up the plant, which is now ramping up. 
So it's not that we are not able to penetrate. It's that we are new to this market, and we are taking 
some time -- it will take some time for us to penetrate into this market. So far, the response has 
been good. All our plants when we put up the initial IRRs, ROC is what we are expected, we are 
achieving those desired ROCs from the new plants. So it's just that it will take some time. The 
market has been too fluctuating. A lot of things have happened in the last two, three years when 
we got this new capacity online. So once things are normalized. I'm sure our efforts will give 
more returns in terms of penetration, deeper penetration. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Dushyant from SageOne. 
Dushyant: 
I was just asking the percentage of our distributors who would be overlapping with our Apollo 
brand. So… 
Anubhav Gupta:  
5%. 
Dushyant: 
 
5%. 
Anubhav Gupta:  
Yes. 
Dushyant: 
When you talk about this right to win because of the power brand, what exactly are we talking 
about? Is there such little overlap? 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Because -- see I mean, ultimately, it's a building material segment. So today, any Indian who is 
buying -- who is renovating a home or buying a new home or doing some work at his home. So 
he would know Apollo because Apollo because in steel tubes in structural tubes, we are the 
biggest brand. So the number one pull comes from the end customer. And then the entrance -- 
today the distributors say, I'm going to a new market in South India. I would talk -- I would try 
to interact with the top PVC pipe traders, right, who maybe doing some brand A, B C. But of 
course, they would have heard of Apollo. 
And when they come to know that APL Apollo is also having this vast SKU range in PVC pipes, 
the brand is any way established, right? So there is some respect, there is some reputation, what 
we are getting when we are going to interact with him. So then the general discussion starts like 
the pricing, the servicing, our capacity, our brand spends, what we're going to do with our brand 
over the next few years.  
So all these discussions take place, and we come to the conclusion, yes, I mean, he's happy to, 
whether he's happy to push Apollo or not? And that's how we have made these channel partners 
in last two, three years when we started expanding beyond North India. And we are pretty 
satisfied, we are pretty happy with the way how our sales team has been able to expand the 
distribution network because in last three, four years, we have grown at a faster pace in terms of 
volume in the PVC industry. And our targets also for the next three years are most aggressive in 
the PVC pipes. 
Dushyant: 
 
And one more question on this side. What is our dealer margin right now? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Dealers margin, I mean, normally, they would take like 3% to 4% to 5%, right, based on like 
what kind of product they are selling. So this also explains the earlier question like whether there 
is like one distributor for one product, like I had explained that we have some products where 
we make x margin in some products we may x plus two. So same goes with our distributors, our 
channel partners, right? So blended, they would end up making 3%, 4%, but the range starts 
from like 1%, it goes up to 6%, 7%. 
Dushyant: 
And if you could talk about your CPVC side as well? What's the overall contribution of just the 
CPVC products? 
Anubhav Gupta:  
So right now, it's like just below 20%. 
Dushyant: 
And what is our CPVC sourcing? Are we exclusive with somebody? Or are we just buy from 
the market on a spot basis? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So right now, our requirement is small compared to our large peers. So we don't have to go 
exclusive as of now. So we are sourcing from Japan and France, and we have been quite okay 
with the supply so far. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from Kotak Mutual Funds. 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
My first question is on inventory. So if you look at September '22, the inventory looks a tad bit 
higher at about INR 167 crores versus INR 132 crores in March and about INR 80 crores in 
September '21. So any particular reason for the high inventory? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So Bhargav, if you see in terms of days, in terms of days, we are at around 65 days. Now, if you 
look at the industry average also, that's also in the same range between 60 to 70 and this is 
because we are expanding our SKU range, right? We have to improve our serviceability with 
our channel partners, with our clients. So I guess as the industry is on average 60, 70 days. So 
you will see our inventory also being at similar levels of 60 to 70, although we try to become 
more efficient in terms of the raw material supply. 
But of course, because of this volatility in the pricing, we have not been able to do that. So I 
guess, I mean, there is still room to -- still some room to improve this inventory to, say, 60 days 
from 65, 66, what we are seeing on -- as on September 30. But on the finished good inventory, 
I guess this is something what we have to maintain as we have to match the serviceability of our 
completed brands. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
No, sir, is it that we were expecting higher volumes and hence inventory? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Of course, Bhargav, I mean not only us, anyone in the industry would have expected better 
volume growth in second quarter. We were at 6.5% volume growth on Y-o-Y basis for 2Q, but 
our expectation was at least 15%, 20%. Okay. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
So bulk of this is finished goods inventory, right? 
Anubhav Gupta:  
That is right. But we will still improve it from here towards the raw material side. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Secondly, has the channel restocking started at the industry level now that each and every 
company seems to be of the view that PVC prices have bottomed out and has the intensity of 
offering incentives at the industry level started getting reduced? Or is it the same? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No Bhargav ji, actually, industry is not actually convinced regarding the prices to be bottomed 
out here, because every month or every week year we are witnessing a drop in the prices even 
in the international market, not because of right power, raw material, but because of other raw 
materials or other products that is actually, giving a temp to the PVC prices. 
So right now, that convincing is not there in the industry. So the industry is waiting and maybe 
in the near future, in the next few weeks or next month, we may witness that the industry has 
started restocking, but right now it is not so. So once it starts or once we feel that the Reliance 
is going to increase some price or the market gets at the premium of the Reliance price or the 
import price, then you will see a sharp increase in the Asian countries stocking level. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And lastly, is it possible to quantify how has been the Y-o-Y growth in CPVC and bathroom 
fittings? 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Anubhav Gupta:  
I mentioned 70%, 80% in CPVC and sub 50% in bath fittings in terms of value. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
My first question is that our guidance of about INR 1000 crores for FY '23. Any change in those 
numbers after the subdued prices and the volume of that? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes. I guess there could be little, not much. One on the fact that, the PVC prices are down. But 
then also, we thought that we will be able to match INR 1,000 crores with our improving value-
added products. And also when we gave guidance of INR 1,000 crores, we had not considered 
the PVC prices at INR 170 a kg, which were at like all-time high towards the end of FY '22. So 
we had already taken the normalized PVC prices while giving guidance of INR 1,000 crores. 
So I guess, there shouldn't be much of deviation from this number. Except the fact that in 2Q, of 
course, the volume growth was a little lower than expected. But I guess in second half, if for 
PVC prices become stable and they go and they start going up even by a few percentage points, 
there could be like a good restocking which can take place, and we will make up for like what 
we lost in second quarter. So I guess, I mean, we have done around INR 450 crores already and 
4Q is a strong quarter anyways. So I guess we should be here and there around INR 1,000 crores. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And just on the value-added segment from what I read in the last quarter, it was about 35%, but 
it has substantially increased to 65% in this quarter. So any rationale behind that? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So value-added products, last quarter also, I mean, and what the mix we give is the mix between 
the agri portfolio and building material portfolio. So that's like 50:50. And out of this, the value-
added product what we count is, the PVC pipe is going to building materials plus the CPVC 
pipes, plus the PVC fittings, plus the marketing, plus the water tanks. So this portfolio has been 
around this proportion 55%. The same was last quarter also. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And on that note, if you can help me with the EBITDA we make EBITDA per ton we make on 
the value-added versus the commodity. Assuming that the prices have normalized? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So on a normalized level, if you see, I mean, our EBITDA per ton, it is INR 17 a kg, right. So 
value-added product will be anywhere above INR 20,000 to INR 25,000 a ton, and commodity 
will be below INR 12,000 to INR 15,000 a ton. 
Deepak Lalwani:  
And on the new capacity which you're putting up, when should it start commercializing? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
I guess, I mean, we are planning to complete this over the next six to eight months. And if 
everything goes well in terms of like there is no disruption due to COVID, etcetera. I mean we 
can have the first production starting as soon as like towards end of Q2 FY '24. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And lastly on the distribution expansion, you were on track to grow that number from 600 to 
800. So any changes of that that, any aggressive step that you taken after [inaudible 0:37:17]?  

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes. So I guess, I mean, in the last six months, seven months, the addition has been low because 
the market sentiments have been so bad. So today is not a time to go and ask for a new 
distributorship with any new client because right now, the sentiments are too weak, so I guess, 
like I said, I mean, once the prices become stable and the sentiments are back in the industry, we 
will try to make up for all the losses, whether it was in terms of volume loss or distribution 
expansion loss. This is all recoverable. I mean the idea is to hit new distributors to approach new 
distributors when at least, they are not afraid of any kind of losses which they are booking with 
their existing business. So I guess, last two months, three months have been slow, but this 
situation will not remain forever. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Vijay Chauhan from Right Horizon. 
Vijay Chauhan: 
So the first question is basically on the EBITDA per kg side to, as you highlighted in the different 
like value add what is the normal margin of 17 to 20 to 25 per ton value added side. So what is 
the, like the blended EBITDA per kg that we make in normalized cases once the, what price 
volatility is gone in terms of PVC? 
Anubhav Gupta:  
So that's like INR 16,000 to INR 17,000 per ton. 
Vijay Chauhan: 
And let's say the next two years to three years for our value-added product share. So how much 
ideally we are targeting internally right, so you mentioned around 55%, so how much we are 
targeting to… 
Anubhav Gupta:  
So we think there is a good chance to take it beyond INR 18,000 a ton. 
Vijay Chauhan: 
 
And in terms of percentage of revenue, value-added product. Share? 
Anubhav Gupta:  
It should be, okay. So then the mix will be at least 70%, 30%. 
Vijay Chauhan: 
70%, 30%. That’s fine. And lastly, on the brand building side, sir, are we taking like what is the 
strategy that we are deploying to like we have some discounts, versus the industry leader. So 
what is the long-term strategy that we are deploying? 
Anubhav Gupta:  
For branding? 
Vijay Chauhan: 
 
Yes, for branding and marketing particularly? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Right. So branding, I mean in the last two years, three years, we had focused on leveraging the 
APL Apollo parent brand. Second, we were very strong in the below-the-line promotional 
activities, when we were trying to establish communication with the influencers, who are 
plumbers in our case and the retailer counter front, the hardware shops. So that exercise, we were 
very-very aggressive. Of course, in first six months, because of low profitability, so we have 
pulled out some of those activities. 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
But just before this carnage started, we had come up with a strong campaign with Tiger Shroff, 
where we tried to communicate with our end customer, the end user of our pipes. So that activity 
started on a good note, and then we are following up with our social media branding platform. 
So I guess, the brand spend continued to be around like 1% to 2% of our top line that will, with 
this kind of budget, we are happy with what we have in hand for the next two, three quarters. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK Investment Managers. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
I might have missed this earlier but, sir, on average, how much cheaper are we compared to, let's 
say, some of the larger players in terms of pricing? That's the first question. 
Anubhav Gupta:  
So I guess on the overall portfolio, the range will be 2% to 5%. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
So that way, we're not even playing the pricing game too much in that sense because 2% to 5% 
is not, so then how do we see our volume growth going ahead? Because let's say, another large 
player, which has been losing distributors, is that something we are targeting? Because even at 
the distributor end there are only so many companies products he can keep. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
I guess, I mean, see our growth has been highest in the last four years, five years and it has not 
come at the cost of any established top brand. Where we have focused is the unorganized part 
of the industry, which still forms a very major part, which is like 40%, and with all the events 
which took place in the last four years, five years, starting from demonetization, then GST 
implementation, the NBFC crisis and macro slowdown, then COVID wave 1, COVID wave 2, 
then there's PVC supply chain disruption prices moving from INR 70 kg to INR 180 per kg, then 
crashing back below INR 70 per kg, so all these events have made business situation very hard 
for the smaller unorganized players and even smaller organized players. Okay. So this is where 
we have attacked to gain market share, and we still see good opportunity over the next two years, 
three years, when we say that our volume CAGR target is 25%. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
And so just to comment that how much would be a distributor target for that, over the next few 
years to get this volume figure, this, like are we targeting in terms of number of distributor 
expansion in the sales? Or have we just penetrated the same distributors more? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
I guess, I mean, like I said, like I explained, there is a lot of room to improve or to expand the 
distribution coverage in North, West, East, or sorry, South, West, East, right, so right now, we 
are at 600. We'll take it to 700, 800 levels in next two years, three years. At the same time, rather 
than increasing the number of distributors, we are also focusing on expansion of number of retail 
touch points. That's also important because the band, we will make our brand strong not with 
the number of distributors, but with the number of retail touch points. So I guess the question 
should be like from current 25,000 retail touch points, what will the number be in the next two 
years, three years. So I can say that this number will be at least 40,000, 45,000 number. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
And so what will be the capex guidance for the next few years? 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So this year, the guidance is INR 60 crores, and we did spend around INR 45 crores so far. So 
second half would be a bit low, although we want to finish, complete that plant as soon as 
possible. So I guess, I mean, INR 30 crores, INR 40 crores is what we should be spending every 
year. This will be towards like some brownfield expansion, some debottlenecking, if we can 
increase the capacity, some value addition within the existing plants and there is a new 
greenfield. So INR 40 crores, INR 50 crores is something what we want to spend every year. 
And if at all, I mean, we decide to go for new greenfield, which we don't see over the next 10, 
15 months that will be over and above this. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question. That is a follow-up question from the line of Jenish Karia from 
Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Jenish Karia: 
Yes. I see that employee expenses and other expenses have gone up on a year-on-year basis and 
sequentially also. So any specific thing that we should be looking at? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Not much to our analysis, except that, I mean, some increments would have been there, but 
nothing much. 
Jenish Karia: 
And sir, earlier we were guiding for EBITDA per kg INR 20 and above by FY '25. So are we in 
maintaining that guidance? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So like I said, I mean, right now, we are at INR 17 a kg on a normalized level. The target is to 
take it beyond INR 18 and see where we land at INR 19 or INR 20, but yes, there is room to 
improve this to INR 20 a kg, given the top brand players are making such numbers. 
Jenish Karia: 
And just one last question, if I may. Last quarter we entered in the PPR segment, so anything 
incremental on that segment that you can share? 
Anubhav Gupta:  
Sorry, your voice was breaking, come again, please? 
Jenish Karia: 
So last quarter, we announced entry into a new product of PPR. So anything incremental on that 
or that you can share? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes. So PPR is a new segment where there is very little competition. It's a niche market. We, 
right now, I mean, we are at a run rate of say, I mean INR 1 crores a month kind of run rate. But 
this can substantially go up because this product is more superior than the existing products what 
are being sold in Indian market today.  
So I guess, I mean, and this is highly profitable product. So it just adds up to our SKU range, 
which our distributors love us for that. So I guess, I mean, this number has good scope to go up. 
But right now, the markets are pretty much like in Jammu in North India, where this market is 
more conducive. So we'll have to make a lot of efforts to promote this product in the other 
markets. So that activity has started slowly gradually we are focusing on this. And just on a 
question on employee costs. So I guess, there's like some marginal increase, like I said, one is 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
because of the average increments. Second, we are also expanding team in our sales and 
production as I mean the growth target, what we have about 20%, 25%. So there is like some 
increase in the sales force and production team as well. 
Jenish Karia: 
And any amount of forex loss or something in other expenses that has been accounted since we 
import a lot of PVC so just asking? 
Anubhav Gupta:  
Nothing. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Aman Agarwal from Equirus. 
Aman Agarwal: 
I just want a clarity with respect to your product mix. So when we say we are currently at 70% 
of value added product, this includes the entire non-agri portion and the PVC portion of the agri 
segment, right? 
Sameer Gupta: 
 
No, Aman, we said that 70% is our target for FY '25. Right now, we are at 50%, 55%. 
Aman Agarwal: 
 
I think you said around 60%, 65% is our VAP which you mentioned earlier, if I'm not wrong… 
Anubhav Gupta: 
What we say Aman is, see, I mean, 50% is agri, 50% is building materials. Now there is like 
15% HDPE contribution, which is value-added product in agri. But then at the same time, 5%, 
10% is like commoditized UPVC piping building material. So net-net, what comes to the value-
added product is 55%. 
Aman Agarwal: 
And when we say we want to raise this to 70%. We mean the 50% non-agri is what you want to 
raise to 70%, right? 
Anubhav Gupta:  
That is right. So that will go to 75%. 
Aman Agarwal: 
75%. Sure. And second question, as this company, we have -- in multiple times maintained our 
stance, like you want to penetrate faster into the Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets. So my question is 
that now with the upcoming value-added product capacity, does this stance still maintained or 
would we be also looking at Tier 1 cities to penetrate more for the value-added products? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
See, these value-added products are not because they're expensive. I mean, it is that they give us 
better margins. But that doesn't mean that they're expensive for the end user. For example, we 
talked about expanding sales in the bath fittings. Now a plastic tap or faucet is priced one-third 
of what you get a brass or stainless steel product. So for us, it's a value-added because we are 
making INR 20 per kg EBITDA. But for end user, it is at one-third price of what he is selling 
from, what he is buying from a Tier 1 brand for an available category. So I don't think this is a 
correct conclusion that the value-added products can only be sold in Tier 1 cities. Right. Water 
storage tanks, for example, it's value-added for us. Now the demand for water storage is more in 
Tier 2, Tier 3 towns. 

 
 
    Apollo Pipes Limited
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thank you all. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. Should you 
need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the company, please feel free 
to contact our team. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
