		
		
	

			
 EGFS+88>57S,73G?S/EQ7GS,@ELS*ESS.75MEGS#OGP9H3BSS$3GR3C3S&D6;3S
0S	S2S "S<D8EF73IA9@E43@5EBS
 %*S'!(,' S
-796S+88>57S SS,3K5:;B=S)3G9S13K3DNS1;:3JS*7QS!7@:;S
 S
PG I L/SE/2022-23/59 
Date: November 18, 2022 
THE GENERAL MANAGER, 
THE GENERAL MANAGER, 
DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATE SERVICES - CRD 
LISTING DEPARTMENT 
BSE LIMITED 
1sr FLOOR, NEW TRADING RING 
ROTUNDA BUILDING, P. J. TOWERS 
DALAL STREET, FORT, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Reg: Scrip Code: BSE-532808; 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD. 
"EXCHANGE PLAZA", PLOT NO. C- 1, 
G- BLOCK, BANDRA- KURLA COMPLEX, 
BANDRA ( E ), 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
NSE - PGIL 
In continuation to our letter dated November 14, 2022 regarding submission of audio recording 
of the call conference held with Investors/ Analyst on November 14, 2022, to discuss Company's 
financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call. 
The aforesaid transcript is also available on the Company's website at 
https://www.pearlglobal.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/PGIL-Q2FY23-Written-Trasncript.pdf 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for Pearl Global Industries Limited 
(Shilpa Budhia) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: ACS-23564 
Encl: as above 
Shilpa 
Budhia
Digitally signed 
by Shilpa Budhia 
Date: 2022.11.18 
11:11:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Pearl Global Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the website of the company on 14th November 2022 will 
prevail. 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PALLAB BANERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
PEARL GLOBAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY GANDHI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - PEARL GLOBAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
of Pearl Global Industries Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the Company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of 
the Company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Pallab Banerjee - Managing Director of Pearl Global Industries Limited. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Hi, good morning, and I welcome everyone to our Q2 & H1 of Financial Year 2023 
Earnings Conference Call. Along with me we have our group CFO, Mr. Sanjay Gandhi and 
SGA our Investor Relations Advisors. I hope all of you have gone through our Investor 
Presentation uploaded on the exchange and our company website. I am happy to state that 
the growth momentum continued for us during the first half year of Financial Year 23 and 
we achieved a path breaking highest ever H1 revenue. Our capacity utilization has 
improved substantially which has increased the overall efficiency of our operations. 
 
On the geographic mix of sales our overseas sales have grown on the back of increase in the 
unit value realizations while the domestic sales that means in India have risen both due to 
the increased volume and increase in the realization that we have done.With the backdrop of 
the macro challenges we have focused on the geographical diversity in our customer base. 
This should help us to maintain our overall business share and operational efficiencies. The 
demand environment in the US continues to be a bit challenging, but with growing 
preference of other geographies where Pearl Global is a supplier and also have a customer 
base, the input prices which have been subsiding quite significantly and the widespread 
geographic presence and the deep entrenched network that we have in our relationships with 
the marquee clientele it should help us in battling these tough situations. 
 
As a strategy we are inputting new customers and market. We have been servicing the 
customers from multiple manufacturing locations and we continue to do that and that is 
definitely a strength that Pearl will be encashing upon. The US market specifically where 
we had a big share has been going up and down so like if you look at the last few months it 
seems to be little bit positive, the market has responded well, but whether it is going to stay 
or the inflation is going to win over that is only time will tell us, but yes for now as the first 
half of the year like we have shown significant growth, the second half of the year, our goal 
would be to maintain the kind of growth that we have had already so that we do not lose 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
this market share and then pick it up as the market again improves so that should be our 
strategy going forward. With that let me hand over to Mr. Sanjay Gandhi, our Group CFO 
who will run us through the financial performance of the company. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you. Good morning everybody and welcome to our Q2 & H1 FY23 earnings 
conference call. Coming to the financial and operational performance of the Company we 
have reported the highest ever H1 performance. On a consolidated basis, H1 FY23 revenue 
increased by 53% Y-on-Y to Rs.1711.4 Crores on account of increase in overseas revenue 
by 30% and India by 60%. On a standalone basis, revenue for H1 FY23 stood at Rs.628.4 
Crores, a growth of 62.7% over H1 FY22. Improved overseas business performance can be 
attributed to improved realisations whereas in India improved performance is a combination 
of increase in number of pieces shipped along with improved realisations. On a 
consolidated basis EBITDA for H1 FY23 stood at 119.6 Crores a growth of 106% while 
margins improved 180 bps year-on-year from 5.2% in H1 FY22 to 7% in H1 FY23. On a 
standalone basis EBITDA for H1 FY23 stood at 38.1 Crores a growth of 109.6% while 
margins improved 140 basis points year-on-year from 4.7% in H1 FY22 to 6.1% in H1 
FY23. Adjusted PBT excluding exceptional items for H1 FY23 on a consolidated basis 
grew 201% from 25.9 Crores in H1 FY22 to 77.8 Crores in H1 FY23. We had an 
exceptional loss of 22.5 Crores in H1 FY23 versus a profit of 6.5 Crores in H1 FY22. On a 
standalone basis adjusted PBT grew 213.5% from 10.1 Crores in H1 FY22 to 31.8 Crores in 
H1 FY23. PAT for H1 FY23 on a consolidated basis stood at 62.3 Crores versus 24.8 
Crores in H1 FY22 whereas on a standalone basis it was 23.6 Crores versus 12 Crores. 
 
Coming to the quarterly performance, our strong financial performance during this quarter 
was yielded by substantial improvement in the India business on account of improved 
product mix, increased contribution from in-house manufacturing and partnership facilities. 
On a consolidated basis total income for Q2 FY23 increased by 26% year-on-year to 
Rs.860.3 Crores. EBITDA margin for Q2 FY23 improved from 5.9% in Q2 FY22 to 6.1% 
in Q2 FY23. For H1 FY23 EBITDA margin improved 180 basis points from 5.2% in H1 
FY22 to 7% in H1 FY23. Margin improvement is on account of improved product mix, 
operating leverage and improved operational efficiency. Adjusting for the exceptional 
income PBT for Q2 FY23 grew by 38.4% to 32.4 Crores versus 23.4 Crores in Q2 FY22. 
We had an exceptional loss of 40 lakh in Q2 FY23 versus a profit of 6.5 Crores in Q2 
FY22. PAT for Q2 FY23 stood at 25.9 Crores versus 25.5 Crores in Q2 FY2022. On a 
standalone basis revenue from Q2 FY23 grew 39% from 216.3 Crores to 300.5 Crores. 
EBITDA grew 75% from 9.4 Crores to 16.4 Crores. EBITDA margin improved 110 bps 
from 4.3% in Q2 FY22 to 5.4% in Q2 FY23. Adjusted PBT for Q2 FY23 stood at 8.1 
Crores versus 4 Crores, a growth of 102% year-on-year. Q2 FY22 had an exceptional gain 
of 6.4 Crores. PAT for Q2 FY23 degrew from 7.6 Crores to 5.6 Crores. The reason for 
degrowth in that PAT for Q2 FY2022 includes the exceptional item of 6.4 Crores. 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Our strong performance is reflected with our strengthening balance sheet. On a consolidated 
basis gross debt as on September 2022 stood at Rs.455 Crores versus 564 Crores as on 
March 2022. Net gearing ratio dropped from 0.69 to 0.4. Return on capital employed 
calculated on TTM basis improved significantly from 12.4% in FY22 to 20.4% in H1 
FY23. Net working capital days reduced significantly to 40 days versus 63 days in FY22. 
Cash and cash equivalent increased significantly from 150 Crores in FY22 to 187 Crores as 
on September 2022. On a standalone basis, gross debt as on September 2022 dropped to 
206 Crores from 260 Crores in March 2022. Net gearing ratio dropped to 0.45 from 0.57 as 
on March 2022. ROCE improved from 10.3% in FY22 to 16.2% in H1 FY23. Net working 
capital days as on September 22 dropped to 35 days from 62 days as on March 2022. Going 
ahead we are confident on the industry growth, and we believe that our company is best 
place to capture the larger pie of this opportunity. Thank you. We shall now open the floor 
for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first question 
from the line of Parth Vasani from K K Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Parth Vasani: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I had couple of questions. First one would be could you 
tell us what is our business mode and what differentiate us from our competitors? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Pearl has been positioned for multiproduct and multicountry manufacturing company, so we 
do various products right from woven tops, knit tops, dresses, bottoms, pants,denims, then 
we have got the outer wear, the active wear so that again brings in quite a wide amount of 
product for our customers. The strategic customers that have been working with us have 
been working in multiple products and they have been also using our multiple countries of 
manufacturing. So during the kind of the recent upheaval that we have had regionally 
whether during the pandemic or during the logistics challenges that we had this diversity of 
our operation phase that is out of Indonesia, Vietnam, Bangladesh and India has been a big 
strong strength that has been well appreciated by our customers and helped us in bringing 
our strategic ability with our customer base  so that is I would say is a differentiator that we 
have. We also work very closely with our strategic customers, having our offices and design 
and product development teams located at the place of the major customer base that we 
have whether it is New York of USA, London in UK, and the cities of Barcelona and La 
Coruna in Spain. We also do have a presence in Hong Kong vis-à-vis our customers from 
there apart from the serviceability that we can do from each of our manufacturing locations 
so that is I would say is if you look at most of our Indian competitors like we have this 
edge. Of course there are some global competitors who have a similar kind of infrastructure, 
the big Taiwanese or big Korean player, so we do have competition from them, but so far 
we have bring in the value addition that those people do not have a presence in the South 
Asia. So we have South East Asia, South Asia both whereas most of the players, the 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
international players have mainly in South East Asia that they have multiple country 
locations are. So this we consider as our strength in front of our customers and the eyes of 
our customers. Does that answer your question? 
Parth Vasani: 
Yes, that was helpful. My second question was despite actually being a seasonally weak 
period we have delivered a highest ever H1 revenues so was that a result of prebooking of 
the orders and are we confident that this revenue trajectory going ahead? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Ya, so as I was mentioning like when we embarked this journey and presenting ourselves as 
a strategic player to our customer base giving them the service across multiple locations and 
the design service or product development service that was well appreciated and we 
definitely want to grow across the season. So while this has been a low season traditionally 
for the India region, but if you look at the markets like US markets and all fall and holiday 
seasons are bigger than the spring, summer, so India was a location especially for the 
fashion product so changing that particular outlook and providing them seasonless kind of 
product across the year so that we can produce for even those seasons, which India 
traditionally has not been doing is their additional advantage which we have seen so this 
definitely we would like to maintain in future. 
Parth Vasani: 
What are the possible headwinds and tailwinds for our business if you can just give? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes, possible headwinds is definitely the global macro factors at this point of time was 
challenging or is challenging I would say, there were definitely inflations across the globe 
which is affecting the customer or the consumer sentiments so that is I would say is a 
biggest challenge at this point of time and coupled by that fact, that in our industry most of 
the retailers had an over inventory situation so although that the inflation is high we are 
already in the second year of inflation if you look at it globally. The first year of inflation 
we had almost everything was moving up the cost of whether it is energy, cost of housing, 
cost of consumer goods various across the spectrum was moving up. The second year of 
this inflation what we are seeing is that certain products like the clothing, like the home 
furnishings, or the product like used cars, like in the recent trend that we are seeing in the 
big markets like US and all has started trending opposite, so they were not growing or not 
having an inflation as per the other items so that definitely would bring unique challenge for 
our industry or our product, where overall their sentiment is still inflationary, but we won’t 
be matching the rate of inflation, our clothing and home furnishings and those kind of goods 
will not be matching the inflationary trend that we see overall. So keeping that in mind we 
are also seeing the tailwinds things like the raw material prices are also falling at this point 
of time with a less demand and other factors that we have seen is the geopolitical situation, 
so which is not changing. Today is 14th I think today the world is not anymore a unipolar 
world, it is a bipolar world you know that now there is US and China both are competing at 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
this point of time for supremacy and if you look at it today I think is the meeting between 
the two leaders for the first time in Indonesia so let us see how that goes. So far the 
sentiment says that this bipolar world is going to continue that means there will be a lot of 
policies and moves against China being the world factory so that means that the other 
producing regions of the world will have something to gain compared to China. So these are 
the couple of tailwinds that we have both in terms of raw material and in geopolitics that 
will continue to push us or be favorable to us so these are I would say the headwinds and 
the tailwinds that we have today. 
Parth Vasani: 
Okay, thank you very much for the detailed answer and that was it from my side. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Congratulations. Good set of numbers in a very tough circumstances and my question is on 
the fact that, so I am going through the consolidated P&L right so what I am seeing here is 
we have not deteriorated in the gross profit margin revenue in fact we have actually 
improved a bit so why the opex expense is so high that our EBITDA is getting impacted? Is 
there anything specific or is there anything one off to this quarter so I just wanted to 
understand that? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Hi, There is no one-off as such we have in the opex in this particular quarter I think this 
quarter is having all operating expenses which are normally supposed to be in Q2 of the last 
financial year when we compare a like-to-like quarter-on-quarter comparison that is why 
you see the EBITDA margin is showing a slight improvement compared to the last year we 
had 5.9% in Q2 FY22 against 6.1% in Q2 FY23. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
OIf like-to-like say the revenue from operation has gone up by 26% Y-o-Y but your other 
expenses is more than 33% if I get a rough estimate of it? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
The other expenses includes the manufacturing cost which we are subcontracting to our 
partnership factory so what happens that as the combination of in-house manufacturing and 
outside manufacturing goes high the other expenses will increase but when you look at as a 
percentage of the sales actually it is in proportion to what it was last quarter as we have 
mentioned that on a standalone basis the partnership factories are contributing 20% to the 
overall revenue as against 9% which was there in the last year so that is really causing that 
other expenses to go high from that point of view. 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Vignesh Iyer: 
You mean to say like Re.1 increase in sale is Re.1 subcontracting expenses gets canceled 
out more or less you want to say right? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Well in some day if the partnership factory’s revenue is increasing there will be increase in 
other expenses there will be less increase in the employee expenses so you will see the other 
expenses will go high because we are doing more of a CNM model where we pay to the 
subcontractors or the partnership factory as the goods gets delivered to us. So there is no 
employee cost which are s incurred by us all the cost which we have incurred is kind of a 
manufacturing cost, the job work cost reflects in the other manufacturing expense. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Ok, So coming to the inventory level with our customers what is the status of it because if I 
am not wrong earlier you had said that they have been cutting down purchases by around 
10% to 30%, but with the onset of winter strong winter if I may say so how is that the 
situation looks for December and January? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
We had booked our spring season of 23 and now currently the booking is on for summer of 
23 and then the next season would be coming is fall of 23. Now spring and summer of 23 
was directly proportional to the sentiments that the western markets had in the spring and 
summer of 22 and the fall 23 bookings or the planning that will be happening over the next 
couple of months would be in proportion to the sentiments that we are having now in the 
market. So if I look at financials of the month of October so yes there is a little bit of 
positive trend as you know in USA which is one of the larger markets the consumer price 
index have come out / increased month-on-month by about 0.4% against the expectation of 
0.6%. So definitely this drop of 0.2% has been celebrated I think you have seen that overall 
in the market. So let us see that might give that indication that how much of interest rate the 
fed would be increasing eventually and when they can be able to control it but it is too early 
to say. What we are seeing is that October more or less most of the retailers whom we are 
working with have been little upbeat compared to the earlier months. It is not a situation 
where we are really overjoying at this point of time. Yes they have lost significantly over 
the last few quarters and months, so yes some of them are coming very aggressively to the 
sourcing side to get the price benefits as the prices have come down, so definitely I would 
say the margin pressure would continue to be there, but in terms of the volume I think 
where they bought significantly down like up to 30%, 30% plus they were buying less I 
think coming fall we expect that it should be a lower number, they might still buy less 
compared to like I would say pre-pandemic or the last year on the surge that we saw in 
2021-22 so compared to that definitely there would be less buy, how much not sure as of 
yet, maybe 10%, 15%, maybe 5% to 10% we do not know as of yet, but yes that is the kind 
of trending that we have seen which will be much more improved compared to the spring, 
summer but yes it will not be as good. Keeping that in mind so that is why like our 
strategies have been to not completely dependent on only one market or one customer so 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
this is the time that we can bring in more customers in our mix, diversify the market like the 
other markets like Japan or UK or Europe to increase our percentage share in those markets 
so those are the strategies that would be countering this trend that is happening in US. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
what is our exposure to Europe as a percentage of total sales? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
It used to be much better like before pandemic it was in the range of if I would say more 
towards 65:35 US and non-US, so during the pandemic time and this strength that US 
market had of online, etc., so it went up, so naturally like the US become much stronger our 
share in US went up to almost like 80% so we are definitely coming back to the trend of 
65:35 that is our wish list. Currently I would say Europe if you are talking specifically of 
could be around 15% but it should go up in the next few seasons when we become much 
more normal and move towards that 65:35 or even 60:40 if I look at the US and non-US. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Even 15% of your exports total exports, right? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes, like if you talk of this last quarter that is the kind of number it should be. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right and coming to the part of your raw material prices from the gross profit margin it 
looks like it is more or less stabilized, so we do not have any inventory right, high cost 
inventory as such less than the book? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
No we don’t  have. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Ok Last question from my side I just want to know if you are going to revise your guidance 
for FY23 that you gave in Q1 which was around sales of 3,200 Crores and margin you said 
it should be around Q1 FY23 which I presume it is 7.5% roughly so is there any change in 
your guidance or it is going to still stick to it? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
The H1 actually have been a very phenomenal exceptional year for us, H2 ideally speaking 
with the like-to-like comparison like previous year should help us in buttressing the same 
kind of EBITDA margin; however, we are watchful of the trend which is emerging because 
of recession or fear or the subdued demand. Overall as we look at a full year basis we 
should improve EBITDA margin compared to what it was there in last year, we should be 
able to get a complete hang of it I think by end of December as to where we should have a 
complete full year picture but definitely there will be improvement compared to last year. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
On the revenue as well as EBITDA right? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discovery 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Hi, sir just wanted to understand with this increasing base of revenue and the operational 
efficiencies kicking in and the utilizations kicking in yet our EBITDA margins are roughly 
still the same and we are not seeing an uptick is this because of the RM pressure and do we 
expect this to the normalize going into FY24? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
The raw material price is fluctuating and in our industry like normally we pass on the raw 
material price difference to the customers so yes so that trend will continue. In terms of the 
efficiencies yes like if we are regularly with this growth and the kind of volume or the kind 
of capacity utilization that we are targeting towards year-on-year definitely the efficiency 
should be stabilizing and improving I would say. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Right now how much is the kind of capacity utilization which we are running at? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
The H1 that we had was definitely 90% plus. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Got it understood so we are like 90% plus in terms of H1 and we expect H2 given we have 
probably got a reasonable amount of visibility in line with H1? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
The kind of the growth that we had in H1 may not be there in H2 because of the market 
how it is nearing, so our focus would be to maintain the market share that we have had, the 
growth might slowdown, the topline might slowdown but whatever we have gained we 
should not be losing out that market share, again that as the market normalizes then we 
should again grow so that is the kind of strategy that we would have. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Roughly 800 Crores of the revenue run rate is something we think we can maintain into H2 
as well? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes, we are hopeful of that as I said for the full year basis we should be showing growth in 
terms of the topline and the bottomline and the improvement in the EBITDA margin as 
well. This is where the situation is looking like Q3 should also show similar kind of a 
number as we achieved last year so roughly around the same 750 to 800 Crores should be 
the quarterly run rate. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
EBITDA I think the last year we did roughly I think if I recall at about 8% EBITDA margin 
so this year we are tracking slightly lower at about 6% so do we expect to close this year 
above 8% so effectively H2 would have reasonably higher EBITDA margins? 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
I think last year EBITDA excluding other income was close to 5% and if we include the 
other income we may be close to the percentage which we just mentioned but when we look 
at EBITDA we are looking at excluding other income so excluding other income last year it 
was around 5% we should see an improvement in this percentage on an overall basis for the 
full year. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Just to understand obviously the EBITDA margins of the company obviously depends a lot 
on to the product mix as well given what our product mix is in terms of if you look at 
FY24-FY25 how high can we go to in terms of EBITDA margins? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So our goal is to reach the double digit EBITDA I think in coming quarters now whether it 
is FY25 or mid of FY25 it is as you rightly said it is a combination of the product mix and 
also the macro factor getting stabilizing and then stabilizing in our favor in that sense so it 
should be, we are targeting towards 10% that is where we are heading. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
This is the last question, If we look at obviously as we have been indicating the overall 
potential of a recession next year in the US and we still feel that we will be able to maintain 
our revenue given some amount of gain in share from other let us say countries and 
companies? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes, that is where all the effort is going towards. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Alright thank you I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ashay Jain from Jain Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashay Jain: 
Hi, I have few questions. Starting with on the margin front so how did you manage to 
deliver such good margins despite an increase in revenue from partnership facilities and will 
margins not affect going forward assuming contribution from partnership facilities 
improved? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
You see the H1 margin improvement has been largely because of the product mix we have 
that is where the USP of Pearls comes into while we are expanding to the partnership 
factory to get maybe at a slightly lower margin at the same time our factories in Vietnam, 
Indonesia are in high end categories outer wear segments where the FOB price which is a 
realization per piece has been increasing at least in some products while it has been 75% to 
80% growth compared to what it was last year. So when you look at a basket of all the 
product put together overseas and India, Bangladesh, Vietnam and Indonesia that give us an 
edge in terms of really balancing our capacity utilization across the group and at the same 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
time meeting the customer requirement also for the different kind of a style and different 
segment they also want to cater to. 
Ashay Jain: 
Secondly, Are we looking to expand in any other geographies? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes, we would be I had mentioned that in some of our earlier calls that we want to bring in 
a complete supply chain solutions to our customers so currently we are present in two of the 
major supply chains of apparels. So we would continue to explore the other geographies 
and as refined as we gain feet like we will definitely expand to the third and the fourth 
supply chain at some point of time. 
Ashay Jain: 
Lastly what are the inefficiencies that we have actually worked upon and parameters we are 
working to improve or sustain our margins going forward? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So At the factory level definitely automations, the man machine ratios, the kind of the 
capacity utilization, those are like very important, simultaneously like what kind of 
rejections, what kind of inventory control that we have tracking it, digitization of our 
factories, so some of those initiatives are fully on in organizations also. We have monitored 
our performance parameters continuously and that has become a rigger in the organization 
which you are saying slowly some input or some of the improvement in the numbers so as 
we gain that strength these numbers would also improve further. On the other front 
definitely the market does demand more recyclable energy, the renewable energy or the 
kind of chemical efficiencies those are also the areas where the company is continuously 
looking into for improvement so that also would benefit us in the coming quarters. So I 
would say these are the two major changes that is going across the organization. 
Ashay Jain: 
Understood that is all from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Akash Mehta from Capaz 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Akash Mehta: 
Good morning Sir, I have two questions on the customers and the capacity utilization, so 
first on the customers who are the new customers that have joined our kitty over the last 
quarter or half year? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
We have a strict policy in terms of inputting our customers so normally the customer has to 
be that means there should be insurance factoring will be available, so we are not bringing 
in any risky customers, we are going for the kinds of customers where we do have the 
insurance or the factoring completely available. 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Akash Mehta: 
Ok and Would there be any inventory pileup on the customers end and how would that 
affect us? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
The kind of customers that we are talking about are the people like who are the major 
retailers across the globe, so as I said like otherwise this insurance, or the risk mitigation is 
not possible. There are customers who have very good names in the market may be like in 
terms of fashion and all but the financials are not okay so naturally those are the customers 
like we are although the opportunity exist, but we are not getting into. At the same time 
there are other big retailers have consistency of performance in the market and being 
transparent those are the ones like where the insurance and the factoring is available. So, 
our growth would be limited to them in terms of how we moved ahead. In terms of these 
customers when they buy so I think you can expect them to be better in terms of their 
inventory management, of course like this particular year has been bad even like the big 
guys like Walmarts and Targets also have created inventory issues in the supply chain. 
Fortunately for us we do have a little bit of pack and hold from one or two of our customers 
but the numbers are not that significant and we do not expect it to continue going forward. 
Akash Mehta: 
On our capacity utilization presently how much you expect the revenue from the partnership 
facility scale up going ahead? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Partnership facilities the whole model of partnership facility for Pearl has been to avoid 
capex so once we see a regular business in terms of once we have grown and added more 
numbers into us so then we can slowly remove that kind of partnership and making to our 
own factory so that should be the strategy that would be going forward and we would 
continue to play like that so the initial growth when we are having definitely it benefits us 
by working with the partnership factory so that before our capex we can be make sure of 
how much of capacity would be utilized. So if we look at it the first half of the quarter and 
the last year like we had a significant growth in our business volume so there the advantage 
of partnership facility will be there. As we go closer to the end of the year,it will be more 
of consolidation mode I do not see any increase in the partnership factory at this point of 
time over the next five to six months to a year, what we have already we will continue to 
utilize that and some of it also we will try to (audio cut) to get the maximum advantage of 
this business. I hope that replies what you are looking. 
Akash Mehta: 
Right, That is helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prachi Sharma an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Prachi Sharma: 
I just have a couple of questions. Firstly being can you throw some light on the growth 
drivers of the business going ahead, what give you the confidence of the strong order book? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Sorry the second part of the question can you repeat. 
Prachi Sharma: 
What give you the confidence of a strong order book? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
As I said like Pearl is very strongly positioned with our strategic customers because we are 
supplying multiple products from multiple locations so that gives us the confidence. Our 
presence in the more matured manufacturing markets like Indonesia, Vietnam and 
Bangladesh which all three of these have significant advantage and maturity compared to 
India so that gives us the second part of the confidence. The kind of strategic relationship 
that we have with our top five or six customers where we work very closely with them in 
terms of their projections and their planning for longer period of time that means more than 
the next few seasons so that gives us the confidence so these are the three factors that 
definitely helps us in terms of our order book. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Alright Sir, My next question is how sustainable are these margins and what has led to 
improvement? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Margins sustainability will depend on two things depending on the raw material prices like 
how jerky how frequently the spikes are how it bottoms out. So if the movement is stable so 
then the forecasting is possible and in that situation normally the customers that we are 
supplying to take the brunt of the increase of raw material prices and then similarly like 
when it decreases they take the advantage of it so that our operating margins or the numbers 
that we frame it is more or less constant and we don’t have to built up inventory to supply 
to them so that is how our manufacturing in this industry operates. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Got it Sir. Just one last question what is the inflationary situation in US and how is it 
affecting our business? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Inflation as I was explaining is still continuing like you said it is continuously raising the 
interest rate and as the Chairman of the Fed also said in his speech that it will continue to do 
so at least three or four times that phrase was used that it will increase further so definitely 
inflation I would not say is under control at this point of time but over the last month 
consumer price index that has come out where it seems that it is slowing down so that 
advantage is being celebrated in the stock market that we have seen in the last couple of 
sessions so let us see like how it goes. What affects is definitely the sentimentality of the 
consumer so that affects us directly and also I mentioned that as these numbers are slowing 
down in US in terms of inflationary numbers the major impact is coming because of things 

 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
like the clothing, there is the housing that has softened the clothing prices like the kind of 
inflation that they had last year has soften down now, even the home furnishings have come 
down, the school expenses and all have also started decreasing so certain areas in US which 
contributes to this inflation is softening out so unfortunately the one that we are in is the 
first one to getting impacted and I think overall the sentiment should improve and that is 
what we are looking for at this point of time. So yes I cannot say that I know everything I 
do not have the crystal ball as yet but the trend that we have seen in this last one month has 
been I would say favorable so let us see that how it continues. The biggest season in retail 
would be this holiday season which will be this month of November and December so how 
it goes will play a big role in terms of the consumer sentiment. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Right Sir, Thank you so much this answers all my questions. I will just get back  
Moderator: 
Thank you, As we have no further questions I would like to hand it over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
However should you need any further clarification or would like to know more about the 
company please feel free to contact our team or SGA, our Investor Relations advisor. Thank 
you once again for taking the time to join us on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Pearl Global Industries Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining and you may now disconnect your lines. 
