 
 
17th November 2022  
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543523 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
SYMBOL: CAMPUS 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Transcript of the Earnings Call  
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Conference Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 11th November 2022 and the same is also 
available on the Company’s website i.e. www.campusactivewear.com  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
For CAMPUS ACTIVEWEAR LIMITED 
 
 
 
Archana Maini  
General Counsel & Company Secretary  
Membership No. A16092 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
ARCHAN
A MAINI
Digitally signed 
by ARCHANA 
MAINI 
Date: 2022.11.17 
20:50:02 +05'30'

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 1 of 28 
Campus Activewear Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Campus 
Activewear Limited Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing * then 0 on your touch tone phone. Before we 
proceed on this call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain 
forward looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with 
other businesses that could cause future results performance or 
achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied 
by such forward looking statements. The Campus Activewear 
management team is represented by Mr. Nikhil Aggarwal, Whole time 
Director and CEO, Mr. Raman Chawla, CFO and Mr. Piyush Singh, Chief 
Strategy Officer. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil 
Aggarwal, Whole time Director and CEO for his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
 Nikhil Aggarwal: 
 Thanks, Kathy. Good evening everyone. Welcome and thanks for 
joining our second quarter of FY23 earnings call today. We appreciate 
and deeply acknowledge your trust in our vision to create India leading 
sports and athleisure footwear brands. Delighted to share that our 
quarterly performance has been broadly in line with our growth 
expectations. Despite inflationary macro, environment and transient 
demand contraction in rural and semi urban areas. There's been a 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 28 
sustained improvement in YoY quarterly financial exhibiting marked 
improvement in our top line and profitable growth across all revenue 
streams compared to Q2 FY22 which had tailwind support of pent up 
demand with markets opening up after second official lockdown in 
India on account of COVID-19 last year.  
Because of seasonality seen across product mix consumption, quarter 
two empirically has been contributing 20% to 22% of our annual net 
revenue.  
During Q2 FY23 we sold more than 5.5 million pairs at an aggregate 
level, thereby clocking net income of INR 334 crores and a YoY growth 
of 22% versus quarter two which was at INR 273 cores. Both trade 
distribution, and direct to consumer channels have delivered profitable 
growth of about 7% and 44% respectively on a YoY basis versus Q2 
FY22. With the sales of 5.5 million pairs in Q2 FY23, we registered YoY 
volumetric growth of 16% in comparison to Q2 FY22. Not only volume 
our quarterly ASP is also grown by 5.3% from INR 577 in Q2 FY22 to INR 
608 in Q2 FY23. Despite a challenging inflationary environment. 
Balance sheet demonstrates the position of strength with robust return 
ratios such as ROCE and ROE of 30.1% and 30%, respectively. We are 
sincerely thankful to our end consumers, our channel partners, all our 
investors and stakeholders and our passionate team which has helped 
us in delivering this performance which you have marked the 
underlying strength and resilience of the brand. As always, we thank 
you for the invaluable support and investment. I will now hand over to 
our Chief Strategy Officer Piyush Singh, for his remarks. Thank you.  
Piyush Singh: 
 Thank you Nikhil and greetings to everyone. Adding on to what Nikhil 
just said. We continue to uphold our paramount focus on sales growth 
in market share enhancement as we have maintained earlier as well. 
Just like FY22, while inflationary environment and supply chain 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 28 
disruptions result in a negative demand impact at an industry level, it 
also opens-up interesting pockets of opportunity from a growth and 
market share enhancement perspective. We witnessed a robust 
growth in Q1 FY23 and tried maintaining similar growth momentum in 
Q2 FY23 as well, while being mindful of raw material inflation and direct 
and indirect impact of currency depreciation on our input cost 
structures in quarter two, while being cognizant of market dynamics. 
We tried offsetting input cost inflation in transit, increase in the request 
with sales-mix led premiumization. Our endeavor is to neutralize this 
downward impact with potential pricing fees and enhanced operating 
leverage in our upcoming quarters in the second-half of the year. At the 
same time, we continue at land investments towards brand building 
D2C network and infrastructure expansion and talent acquisition, all of 
which is expected to generate margin accretive impact in the 
subsequent quarters  
Now adding on to this in all our distribution channels, category cohorts, 
and pricing segments, have demonstrated robust growth both in terms 
of volume and value amidst the challenging operating environment 
impacted by supply chain disruptions and inflationary trends, especially 
in semi urban centers. Basis price segments our sales, in Q2 FY23 has 
exhibited sustained premiumisation viz-a-viz FY22 full year wherein 
sale contribution from semi-premium and premium categories have 
increased from 64% in FY22 full year to 70% in Q2 FY23. Similarly, on a 
category basis, revenue mix across men, women and kids have 
improved from 84:16 in at FY22 full year to 80:20 in Q2 FY23. On a 
trailing 12 month pay sales revenue from operations have increased by 
22% YoY to INR 1,457 crores in TTM H1 FY23 as compared to FY22 full 
year revenue of INR 1,194 crores. Similarly, at TTM H1 FY23 EBITDA 
stood at INR 278 crores as compared to FY22 full year EBITDA at INR 
244 crores demonstrating a 14% YoY growth. At TTMH1FY23 EBITDA 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 28 
margin stood at 19.1% versus 20.4% in FY22, which is kind of transient 
in nature because of these lean first half of the year. Net profit during 
H1 FY23 on a TTM basis stood at INR 140 crores with the PAT margin of 
9.6% as against INR 124 crore in FY22 with the PAT margin of 10.5% 
(prior merger).  
On the supply chain front, we continue to stay cautious on the 
challenging inflationary environment in the near medium term, 
ensuring raw material and semi-finished goods availability above 
anything else. To maximize sales potential in the coming quarters, we 
continue to maintain a close watch on our input costs and are confident 
of restoring that trend line growth rate and margin profile in the near 
to medium term in the balance year to go. I will now hand over to our 
CFO, Mr. Raman Chawla to take you through more details on the 
quarter two and first half FY23 performance.  
Raman Chawla: 
 Thank you so much Piyush, good afternoon, everyone and welcome to 
the Q2 FY23 earnings Call of Campus Activewear Limited during the 
quarter under review campus as a brand demonstrated a lot of 
resilience. Campus delivered profitable top line growth and protected 
bottom line profitability while ensuring requisite investments in future 
capacity and brand building that is essential for sustained growth and 
margin recovery. Revenue from operations increased by 22% YoY to 
INR 334 crores during the quarter with both channels, Trade 
distribution and D2C exhibiting profitable growth and creation in the 
quarter despite industry de-growth in mass and mass premium 
segment across select consumption cohorts across India. EBITDA was 
at about INR 44.2 crores as compared to INR 55 crores in Q2 FY22. 
EBITDA margin stood at 13.3% in Q2 FY23 versus 20.3% in Q2 FY22. Net 
profit during this quarter stood at INR 14.5 crores as compared to INR 
28 crores in Q2 FY22. Our Q2 FY23 sales volume registered a 5.5 million 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 28 
pairs as against 4.7 million pairs in Q2 FY22, thereby generating a 16% 
YoY Volume growth while Q2 FY23 aggregate ASP, stood at INR 608 per 
pair versus INR 577 per pair nearby resulting almost 5% YoY ASP 
growth.  
On the balance sheet side and our net debt has increased marginally, 
from INR 174 crores at FY22 and 204 crores as at September 30th, 2022. 
On account of working capital investment to ensure the optimal season 
preparedness.  Net Debt to EBITDA ratio is constant at 0.7 X in FY22 and 
in TTM H1 FY23, despite the transient investment in the working capital 
to ensure our season readiness. Similarly, our return on capital 
employed has also gone up from 29.7% (pre-merger) in FY 22 to 30.1% 
in TTM H1 FY23 and we managed to deliver a robust return on equity 
ratio of 30% in TTM H1 FY23. With this, I'll conclude and hand it over to 
the operator for questions and answers. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer. Session. The first question is from the line of 
Jignesh Kamani from GMO. Please go ahead.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
 I just want to check on the average inflation so blended inflation in the 
our raw material basket and our ASP is increased by close to 5% YoY so 
price has been very low, you can say maybe around 2%-3%. So to what 
extent additional price hike is needed to cover the inflation.  
Piyush Singh: 
So there are two components to this, which has led to an impact on our 
gross margin in a transient way. The first one is the raw material 
inflation and second there was an increase in minimum wages at one 
of our plants. This was a back-to-back increase in the month of August 
and September 2022, which we are yet to pass. In terms of pricing fees, 
so I'll just break it up for you a while our gross margin has gone down 
by 4.5% points on a QoQ basis. Almost 3.5% to 3.75% is on back of raw 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 28 
material inflation for now and the remaining 1.25% is on the back of 
our increasing conversion cost. Now for in order to offset all this we 
would need a price increase of around ₹100 on our average MRP. So if 
our average MRP currently is around ₹1200 will need to take it up to 
₹1300 in order to offset this entire thing. So this price increase is 
something that traditionally we have always taken in a stronger half of 
the year or third and fourth quarter, which is the second-half of the 
year, and we are very mindful of how the market dynamics are and at 
the opportune time we would try and make this in into our next season 
launch.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
And second question, the demand environment is there in demand 
softness across the metro. I mean Metro Tier 1, Tier 2 obvious thing. 
More weakness in Tier 2 and the economy segment versus a premium 
and the metro.  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Yes. So there has been some softness that is being witnessed in the 
rural and semi urban areas, especially in the states of UP and Bihar and 
we are also witnessing that softness. This is true for the entire footwear 
trade, not only specific to Campus. And while our Western areas of 
Maharashtra and Gujarat. These states have grown remarkably well 
along with even south, but just the North had sort of not grown in-line 
with expectation and that's where the West has rather made-up for the 
lack in the north region.  
Piyush Singh: 
That depends on a portfolio level. All our segments, be it mass, mass 
premium or premium. They have witnessed growth, it's just the 
geographical pockets where we're kind of offset our offline sales with 
the softness across UP and Bihar with more than expected sales in 
Gujarat and Maharashtra. And just to add to it, our distribution channel 
per say despite all the softness is at an industry level, has managed to 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 28 
grow at almost 8%, 7% out of that 8% is driven by ASP growth, by the 
way.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag from CLSA, 
please go ahead.  
Chirag:  
I have two questions. Nikhil can just give us a sense of the distribution 
expansion progress that we have seen in different parts of the country 
and it can break it down more geographically and the second question 
is more related to the online business? My question is, is there any 
lumpiness in revenues that we have because our e-commerce revenues 
have practically grown from about 3% of the overall revenues to about 
30%-35% today? So that means that given that hyper growth phase you 
will obviously have some very high base in the subsequent quarters and 
would that mean that it would be difficult to meet those numbers as 
we go ahead in the next few quarters.  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So in terms of distribution, let me give you a geographical split us so 
our North has contributed about 44% of the revenues, west just 
contributed about 20%, South again has contributed about 90% to 11%. 
Central is 6%. East is about 18 to 19%, so this is well like we said, we’ve 
seen some dip in the north. Thanks, it's largely due to a UP and Bihar 
but that's being made-up by the West.  
Chirag:  
Sorry. What I meant to say was in terms of the progress in reaching out 
to more number of touchpoints, what's in the progress in each of these 
categories? Except north obviously yeah. That is strong, but we. Need 
to increase the touch points in the in the balance part of the country. 
Piyush Singh: 
If you'll recollect that we had a differentiated go to market strategy 
across our various market. So north and east undoubtedly are our core 
markets. .North and eastour approach or endeavor to go deeper into 
the market to gain market share, gain more shelf space and that is the 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 28 
reason why we have kept growth as a paramount agenda, especially in 
our core markets. So, we are not looking at any further counter 
additions Or meaningful counter additions in these markets. By our 
approach in the emerging markets, which is essentially West India and 
parts of MP, Chhattisgarh, AP and Telangana, Our approach is more 
hybrid in nature in terms of adding more counters and distributors. 
Yeah, we have added a meaningful number of distributors over the last 
six months and our distributors count has gone up by 10% and our 
overall counter share has also gone up by around 500 to 600 counters. 
And this is what has led to exceptional performance across especially 
the Western Belt of India that is Gujarat and Maharashtra during these 
challenging times which has led to an overall growth of 22% and 
similarly we continue to stay opportunistic in South India with online 
and our own store network as the beachhead for kind of continuing our 
growth momentum in South. So, if you see our revenue contribution 
profile has changed meaningfully over the last six months. While earlier 
the North and central used to contribute 55% of our overall revenues, 
it has come down to or it has kind of moderated at 50% while still 
generating growth. West India which around six month back used to 
contribute only 14% to 15% has now gone to 20.6%. Similarly south 
which earlier used to contribute 9% has now gone to 12.6% and east 
contributes the rest, which is 18%. So east has kind of stayed static, 
earlierit used to be 19%. Now it's around 17.5% - 18% for us. So which 
means that we are driving more growth from newer territories, 
emerging markets, frontier markets and expanding their footprint. 
Now coming to your question around online. So I'm actually relieved to 
tell you that despite the hypersonic growth that we have seen in this 
channel, we still see a lot of juice left in the channel and on the quarter 
on quarter basis, our growth numbers have been kind of fairly above 
expectations. If you see even in this quarter, we have grown at a click 
of 40%. So far as lumpiness is concerned. FY 22 was one full year for us. 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 28 
Unlike distribution in online, we had a full complete here so it was 
while, holistically spread out, so migrating from quarter two to quarter 
three and this year we have a fair line of sight that we will maintain our 
growth momentum this year as well so far. As little bit of lumpiness 
concern that is a transient INR 20-25 crores of sales, which is which kind 
of sets in either quarter to quarter three depending on the flagship 
platform events across Flipkart and Amazon called Big Billion day sale 
or Great India Sale festival. Last year and this had a certain impact on 
our quarter 2 numbers this year which is transient in nature in the 
sense that last year BBD&GIF were in the first week of October, this 
year they were there in the last week of September. Because of it and 
incremental sales of around INR 25 crores has gotten shifted to Q3 FY23 
in our case because last five days of sales were not considered from a 
delivery standpoint or a revenue recognition standpoint. Now, the 
impact that we have seen this time is, while we had done all the 
previous marketing specifically in this quarter. The goodness of that 
entire marketing would be seen in a quarter three and hence we 
mentioned that our margin compression this time on account of online 
which has not happened on an aggregate level, is only transient in 
nature. So just to summarize, we don't see any lumpiness in moving 
across quarters for the balance of the year, we have a clear line of sight 
in terms of our growth across e-commerce and some of the margin 
goodness, we'll recoup in quarter three because investments were 
done in quarter two in the in the month of September, while majority 
of the goodness has flown in quarter 3 in the month of October.  
Chirag:  
So,  what is the amount of  price hike needed to completely offset the 
marking pressure and that we are almost into the middle of Q3. How 
much of the price increases have you already taken to offset the margin 
pressure?  

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 28 
Piyush Singh:  
We are still monitoring the market because it's not just about courtesy. 
The second-half of the year, which is roughly 55% to 60% of our 
revenues. Once the market takes complete, full throttle pace in terms 
of offtake at the end consumer level. That is the time when we typically 
take a price increase. Even if you say at record, we have essentially 
taken price increase in the month of December, January, but historical 
benchmarks should not be taken as a cast in stone so far as this year is 
concerned. Nevertheless, that said, there are two very important levers 
which leads to margin expansion in the second-half of the year, which 
is enhanced volume as well as some bit of price increase at the same 
time. It's the operating leverage which also starts kicking in into these 
quarters because most of our fixed cost are very much front loaded in 
that sense.  
Chirag:  
And my last question, if I may can you just comment a little bit around 
the long term AMP spend as well as we get into. Newer markets do you 
see there will be a need to try and find some of the AMP spends.  
Piyush Singh:  
Very valid question, you'll remember that six months back we had given 
the guidance that we whatever operating leverage we have generated 
1.5%-2% of that we have reinvested in our AMP spent because our long 
term objective is to strengthen the brand and own customer mindset 
Despite softness in the market and generating 22% revenue growth we 
have sustained on these investments because we know that these 
investments are for the long term and they'll be revenue and margin 
accretive in the subsequent quarters. Not just for this year, but for the 
years to come. So we are still maintaining that trend line of 6%-6.5% of 
the AMP spent. Some of this AMP spend was front ended in the way as 
I mentioned that a bulk of it for this quarter happened in the month of 
September. For the month of September, we have spent roughly 
around INR 30 crore for the quarter. We have spent around 30 crores 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 28 
in AMP spend. Half of which was targeted in the month of September, 
both on the online side and the offline side, but the entire goodness 
would be realized in the subsequent month. So say, for example, 
whatever billboards we had done, whatever print media ads were done 
to or retail meet that we did as part of this spend, their goodness and 
the offtake happened in the second-half of September or last week of 
September, followed by the early weeks of October. Similarly, the 
entire online print that we have done towards preparation of the Great 
India festival Which ran for two months and the big billion day, which 
ran throughout September and October, a majority of its goodness is 
yet to be realized in the month of, or rather gotten realized in the 
month of October. So in that sense, some bit of our advertisements 
spends were front ended in this quarter, while the goodness has kind 
of rolled over to quarter three.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Aliasgar 
Shakir from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
 You did speak about the online growth that we have seen, which has 
been pretty strong despite the competition. If you could just share 
some more color in the last few quarters we have noticed some of the 
players have got reasonable pre funding and is it correct? And there's 
a lot of competition that has started over there in terms of price, late 
competition. I mean, just wanted some color from you in terms of has 
the  competition gone up? Are you seeing any impact because of that 
in your business?  
Piyush Singh:  
See the way we have structured our e-commerce business. It's based 
on very robust fundamentals and not to add more English around this 
the way we have structured the business is across 3 or 4 verticals of 
pure-play marketplace, managed marketplace and our value addition 
and Online to offline pieces. While there are some smaller players we 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 28 
have recently received some bit of equity investment and that's only 
because of the opening up of the sector and the insight that people 
have started getting into the sector once we got listed. And there were 
other players who were already listed in this space that has not really 
caused any dent in our market share or in our position on ecommerce 
site specifically. Rather, over the last six months. We have -accrued 
market share. We have a creatively gained both market share and 
margin share in in our respective P&L and balance sheet over the last 
Six months, and which is reflective of the kind of growth, we have 
demonstrated last quarter. We did 150% growth on a YoY basis. For this 
quarter on a year over year basis we have still maintained that 
momentum even on a large space, We continued at a 40% growth on a 
YoY basis or an aggregate level, the growth is still above 100% on this 
first half of this year vis-a-vis first half of last year and that said we have 
still maintained our ASP growth even in the online channel. So on an 
overall basis, not only we have done revenue growth, but we have also 
done margin accretion in this channel on YoY basis. Despite the 
increasing competition.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it, so this is very interesting. Any reason you see what has helped 
us the? Is it any increase in SKU ,any new launches or any, you said price 
action is not taken so what is led to this?  
Piyush Singh:  
So there are two reasons behind two prominent reasons. One is being 
enhanced brand pull and the way we have designed our customer 
journey. Then the way we handled our customers throughout the 
online and the Omni channel experience and 2nd is we have deepened 
our partnerships with our strategic partnership with the platform, so 
we are not just a seller on the platforms, we have increased our level 
of engagement with these partners. So as you can see that this year 
also we run a very successful 3rd edition of Global Giri 3.0, we launched 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 28 
some top of the line SKUs specifically on Flipkart and Amazon and 
Myntra and Ajios. We had campus crazy and similarly we are starting. 
a newer properties with other fashion verticals and there are multiple 
other strategies and multiple other folks into play right now, which are 
still in the works in which we are not disclosing to the public at large, 
but everything is focused on enhancing our partnership and strategic 
engagement levels with the platform and not just say as a seller out 
there.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understood this is very helpful. Just last question, on your expenses. So 
you did mention that we have front loaded as spends, so the kind of 
increase we saw in this quarter in other expenses, which as you 
mentioned, was predominantly because of the increase in A&D spend 
that we have front loaded. Should we expect Q3 & Q4 now accordingly 
to kind of see relatively much lower increase or there should be some 
kind of adjustment because of this factor.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yes this is correct. We should see some normalization there as most of 
the cost has been front loaded in H1. So for second-half anyways there 
are these other factors at play where we generate a lot of operating 
leverage. Thanks to the cost being front loaded, I think this should bring 
in better profitability and better margin accretion.  
Piyush Singh:  
If you can see on QoQ basis our expenses have increased by roughly 
INR 30 crores, so INR 15 crores increase on back of our enhanced AMP 
spent which goes towards long term brand building and some bit of it 
is front loaded in the month of September. Goodness is flowing in the 
month of October and November in subsequent months around that 
when the season actually kicks in. The other big expenses around retail 
store expansion. So if you recollect last September or retail store 
ground was around 51, out of which 48 stores were 47 were COCO and 
3 were FOFO. now retail store count as 150 at the end of September 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 28 
30th 2022, the entire business has grown at a click of 100% YoY despite 
being the early vintage. Of the stores. Now, most of these stores in the 
initial part of the year was COCOs and hence most of the expense in 
terms of rolling out retail stores is front loaded in that sense. Now, as 
these stores gain more maturity our margin, profile would further 
increase and we will see the normalization of these retail store 
expenses as well.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understood this very helpful just. To clarify the number here. If we have 
about 6% to 6.5% kind of ads spend. And this year it would be 
somewhere approximately between 90-100 crore which would last 
year have been about INR 70 odd crores. So is my understanding 
correct that H1 this year we did about INR 45 crore against probably 
something close to around INR 20 crore odd so we've doubled and now 
the coming quarter, therefore the increase will be much lower against 
INR 40 crore last year. It could be something like approximately INR 40-
45 crore itself. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Yes, your understanding is correct. We have roughly done around INR 
50 crores on a sales of INR 670 crores, so hence the front loading the 
remaining part of the year, which is expected to generate another 55% 
to 60% of our revenues. The balance to go is roughly close to INR 40 to 
45 crores. And hence, this expense would get meaningfully 
normalized.  
Moderator:  
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Akshen Thakkar from 
Fidelity. Please go ahead.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
Just a couple of questions around the demand environment. Could you 
just sort of recap first on what was the growth seen X online? So if 
you're if you take your MBO/EBO channels, what does the growth over 
there? That's question one.  

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 28 
Piyush Singh: 
So I'll give you a break up across all three channels. In MBO. Then for 
the trade distribution network in this quarter on a YoY basis, we have 
grown at a rate of 8%. The entire growth is driven by ASP, which is our 
sales mix, in the ecommerce channel on a YoY basis this quarter versus 
same quarter last year we have grown at a rate of 40% and in our own 
retail network and key accounts we have grown at a rate of 92% YoY.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
So, if I think about sales growth that MBO means MBOs channel, etc. 
are now growing by about 8%-9% percent. Was there like in through 
the quarter slowdown that you saw that was evenly how it was spread 
out. I'm just sort of give me your growth like you said on a full year 
performance and ecommerce has been very credible. So if I had to pick 
a whole, I would say MBOs channel where you've grown a little slow. 
So just wanted to get your perspective on why there was a little bit of 
a slowdown over there. Then how are you thinking about growth in 
that sort of segment for the rest of the year.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
 So certainly, the growth in the MBO has been slower than expected. 
And we understand that because there has been remarkable softness 
in the market, especially in the Hindi speaking belt. You know where 
we sort of dominate the market in a big way. So it. It's impacted the 
MBO growth, which has been more than being made-up by the other 
channel, but going forward as well. We have a very robust plan in place 
where of course, while macros will certainly help, but at the same time 
we have taken a lot of actions within the channel itself in order to make 
sure that every counter the service levels have gone up significantly. 
Along with order fulfillment and coverage of all the all the counters in 
a meaningful way in order to ensure that the growth sort of normalizes 
comebacks to its budgeted levels in the distribution piece.  
Piyush Singh: 
And I think just to add to that even in the trade distribution side, while 
the industry has degrown because of this softness, we have still 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 28 
maintained this growth because of the network diversification that 
we've managed to achieve in terms of our enhanced footprint in 
Western India and parts of southern India. So while there was some bit 
of softness in the Hindi speaking well, especially in the states of UP and 
Bihar, we were largely able to offset it and kind of do some accretive 
sales, especially in the in the states of Gujarat, Maharashtra AP and 
Telangana.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
So this is and not to look for guidance, but just directionally have you 
seen in UP, Bihar demand pick up into October, November. Not really 
looking for a number, just trying to understand directional trends on 
demand.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Personally, directionally you are bang on, because there are three main 
levers which leads to kind of enhanced sales in the second-half of the 
year, especially in the hindi speaking belt. These three levers are the 
festival, the onset of the festival season, second, the onset of winter, 
and 3rd is the onset of marriages and weddings. Yeah, so this time the 
wedding season muhurat starts with 24th of November and it goes till 
20th of December which is the peak of third quarter. And then it we 
restores again in or it kind of come kicks back again in the quarter four. 
Now onset of winter is slightly delayed this time, but we are expecting 
another week or so. The winters would also be added full might. And 
these two factors, along with the festivities around in the in the second 
half of the year as a traditionally led to an enhanced demand and in our 
sales and consumer offtake in the subsequent quarters of the year.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
OK, my second sort of set of questions around pricing strategy so your 
presentation talks about 5% higher ASP growth. Now ecommerce is 
growing faster and that's higher realization business so there is some 
mix impact on channel as well. So for  like to like would seem that your 
realization growth will be low single digits. I don't know if there. Is a 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 28 
mix impact within the shoes that you're selling in MBO, EBO etc or 
that's the headline price increase that you've taken and, in a year, 
where general inflation is high, just love to get your thoughts on the 
reluctance to take maybe another four 5% price hike right now.  
Piyush Singh: 
Interesting question I'll take your last question first in terms of when 
the right time to take a price increase. See, we have seen that a few our 
competitors, took a price increase and then had to do a rollback. We 
are very cognizant of how the market reacts, especially in the mid 
premium segment. So for us, Paramount is to maintain our growth 
trajectory and to keep on gaining more and more shelf space and 
market share because once you have kind of establish yourself in the in 
the network both online and offline, it's easier for you to get the 
margins back so long as you're not doing a discounted sale. What is 
comforting here is if you look at all our channel splits and our growth 
profile, all the channels are growing holistically and not on the back of 
a discounted sale. Which is kind of a triangulated with the help of ASP 
growth that we have demonstrated, the more comforting part is that 
our entire traditional train distribution network has grown purely on 
the back of sales mix and ASP growth in a softer market where volume 
kind of state muted or kind of the volume growth was missing for the 
time being. So far as our overall ASP impact is concerned, you'll be 
surprised that ecommerce channel for now is holding its ASP despite, 
our enhancement, acknowledged women and kids category and the 
entire sales, largely driven by volume growth. For now, the entire ASP 
growth or the premiumization is led by both our trade distribution as 
well as our own retail. So which are very comforting levers for us for 
now, because these levers actually give you that pricing power even in 
a difficult market. Had it been on the back of discounted sales and 
margin loss because of additional discounting, we would have limited 
number of options to take their price increase and I mean just to just 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 28 
to recap that entire thing, but we've mentioned to Jinesh also from 
GMO. The overall price increase that we need to take at an opportune 
time in order to offset this entire transient hit of raw material inflation, 
which is now cooling down, is not more than ₹100. Which I mean, we 
believe we have the pricing power but we are just being mindful of how 
the market behaves, especially in the offline side. So we believe once 
demand offtake starts in the in the peak of winters, we'll get a more 
opportune window to kind of exercise this option.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
OK, right. So then in just the last question from my side, sorry I've asked 
many questions is the last question was in terms of margins trend, now 
we continue to focus on top line growth. Q3 could see some transitory 
impact of inflation as well. We should think about margin 
normalization, by normalization. I'm thinking more like the 20%-21% 
margins that you did last year byQ4 or early next year, would that be 
the right way to think about margin.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
 It's a little premature to comment on that that directionally will be kind 
of rolling over in the next fiscal year to kind of regain our margin profile. 
We believe quarter three would start seeing that normalization impact 
because raw material session started softening a bit and operating 
leverage would start kicking in a meaningful way because quarter three 
is a meaningful quarter for us, by quarter four, I mean, it's a little 
premature. So directionally, yes, we'll see margin reversal happening in 
a meaningful way in the second-half of the year a line of sight still stays 
the same, where we were operating in the in the last fiscal and all our 
endeavors are towards holding the fort on that front. So whatever 
compression we have seen in quarter two, we can with the you can say 
we can kind of comment on that that this is transient in nature and part 
of the goodness would be reflective in the subsequent quarter, which 
is quarter three and at the same time we had been mindful of our 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 28 
operating leverage and working towards all the normalization efforts 
that we can take internally to kind of offset this impact.  
Moderator:  
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead.  
Akhil Parekh: 
 My first question is on EBOs. I think you mentioned that we have 
expanded our EBO reach from 50 to 150 odd stores in the last one year. 
So what kind of geography is we are looking at for EBO expansion and 
how different is a product portfolio in EBO channel versus MBO and 
online channel?  
Piyush Singh: 
So EBO footprint is largely driven with the fact that the rollout is 
happening for premiumization of a distribution network which you will 
witness in a quarter 2 numbers as well, as I mentioned already, 
whatever growth we have generated in quarter two in a trade 
distribution network. Is largely on the backs of ASP premiumisation, 
which again has happened because of a EBO rollout strategy, so these 
EBOs are getting rolled out into the markets where we already have a 
meaningful brand presence and brand re recollection. So, from an 
overall projection perspective, we are kind of evenly distributed on a 
pan India level now, so our 150 stores are largely present across, say, 
25 - 30 stores are based out of Delhi NCR. Another 20-22 stores are 
based out of UP; 10 stores are based out of Bihar. Gujarat has almost 
30 stores. Now Maharashtra has another 20-25. Stores and we are 
increasing our footprint very rapidly in in the states of AP, Telangana, 
MP, Jharkhand, West Bengal is another state that we have added in 
Karnataka to get back. As on date, our store count is 180 and by the 
end of this calendar year we expect the store count to reach 200. In 
terms of product profile. The product profile is highly premium in our 
stores and that has led to higher ASP realization in our stores. Are 
source is actually keep so long as men footwear is concerned, which is 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 28 
80% of portfolio our stores essentially start at a price point of INR 1,500 
MRP and goes as high as INR 3,500 MRP, so the product profile is very, 
very unique so far as our stores are concerned, but that product you'll 
find also find on e-commerce, we try and maintain price parity across 
all our channels in order to offer an Omni channel experience to our 
customers.  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
I would just like to add that the number of stores are marginally higher 
in terms of FOFO counts. Franchisee Owned Franchise Operated there 
than COCOs so the focus is now on increasing our franchising on stores 
going forward.  
Moderator:  
We move to the next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankit Kedia: 
 Sir two questions from my side one, could you just quantify the volume 
decline you are seeing in UP, Bihar and the time the volume growth you 
are seeing in Western South market just to get a color on how intense 
the pressure, we are seeing in those markets. Second question is 
regarding the ASP. Could you share the difference in ASP between 
online and trade distribution now and while I understand that the trade 
distribution demand is weak so price increase could be difficult, but 
what is stopping you to take the price increase in the online market 
given that you know the product is very premium, you don't sell it 
offline, so there it could be more easy for you to take a price increase 
on immediate basis.  
Piyush Singh: 
I will take your second question 1st and then I'll address your question 
around volume decline and volume enhancement. So far as our 
portfolio strategy is concerned, we don't do a vertical split in terms of 
segregation or portfolio across distribution online and our own retail. 
We rather do a horizontal seasons plate so at any given point in time 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 28 
all our products would be available across all channels. So, taking up a 
price increase only across one channel and not across the other channel 
is actually not very customer experience friendly that we have seen 
what we have done instead is we have taken selective price increases 
in terms of new exclusive launches especially during the month of 
September when we did that exclusive Global Giri campaign and the 
launch of our casual ranges. So while the volume is still nascent. The 
response was very encouraging, even on a higher priced product 
portfolio. The entire portfolio was priced at INR 1,999 and above that 
was exclusively available on the D2C network and the sell through were 
very, very encouraging from that aspect. While it's just a small step in 
that direction we are meaningfully working in this regard, where 
exclusivity special drops in collaborations become a meaningful part of 
our volume contribution and hence it kind of gives us a hedge against 
any kind of inflationary impact in the traditional network. Now so far 
as your other question is concerned, around the volume decline the 
volume decline in in UP and Bihar was close to 7% during the first half 
of the year, which kind of got offset by the states by Gujarat, 
Maharashtra and AP, Telangana we had the 8%-8.5% of volume 
increase was seen on a on a slightly smaller base. So, from the volume 
offset, was there, your last question was around the ASP differential, 
so the ASP differential is roughly to the tune of 15% between our trade 
distribution and up online panel, and it stays as such and it was roughly 
the same even at the end of FY22.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh from Marcellus. 
Go ahead with your question please.  
Harsh: 
 So my first question was around inventory. So while our top line for 
the last three four quarters is largely this on similar trends, however, 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 28 
our inventory from Q4 to Q2 has increased from 350 crore to 500 crore, 
and there's quite a bit of a meaningful jump. So what explains this?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So this is largely in line with what we had planned because this is all 
front end inventory. We build up the inventory for the season during 
the second-half of the year as it contributes to about 55% to 60% of the 
overall revenue This is the normal trend that we that we see every year 
in terms of Inventory buildup, mostly during quarter 2.  
Harsh: 
OK, and this regarding this category of sport shoes, especially from the 
price range from INR 500 to 2,000 and so now we are growing at a very 
healthy rate. However, at what rate is this category itself growing in 
India at the Pan India Basis?  
Piyush Singh:  
So the category itself is growing at a rate of around 15% to 18%. I mean 
by barring these a couple of hiccups around demand, softness and all 
on a holistic level at a CAGR basis. We can easily assume that the overall 
category, including unorganized and organised players is growing 
somewhere between 15% to 18% as of now. And the industry side is 
close to INR 12,500 crores.  
Moderator:  
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Rama Krishnan from 
Equity Intelligence Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Rama Krishnan: 
 So could you give me a break up of sneakers and chapals so we have 
an average realization of around ₹600. And I think earlier one of the 
answer you said that ₹1200 is the price and you have to take a price 
increase of 100 rupees for the margin correction and the second thing 
is this on the e-commerce, what is the return? Because the other guys 
were talking about 20% return. So what kind of return and break up of 
your online through, and the e-commerce sell?  

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 28 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So in terms of see you're looking at the MRP. Our ASP are X factory in 
nature or neutralization. So that's approximately 50% in the case of 
trade distribution and slightly more in the case of the other channels. 
So that's why our ASP stand at about INR 600 odd level versus the MRP 
of INR 1,200. So, in order to offset the inflationary impact, we need to 
take an MRP increase of ₹100 at ₹1200, which would translate to 
roughly ₹50 on The X Factory levels in terms of our ASP increase.  
Piyush Singh: 
If I may give you an illustration very quickly so on an average level. As 
Nikhil mentioned MRP is ₹1,200 are caused by marking multiplier on a 
blended level is somewhere close to 4 to 4.2 X. So that means the cost 
of manufacturing that shoe which I select an average of ₹1,200 is close 
to ₹300. Now, because of this raw material inflation and increase in 
minimum wages across our plants on a on in back-to-back months and 
cost of processing has gone up by almost ₹5. And our raw material 
inflation has led to an increase in raw material costs by another ₹20, 
which means my cost has gone up from INR 300 to 325. If I need to 
maintain the same margin profile, I need to increase my MRP from INR 
1,200 to 1,300 rupees. So that whatever realization I get, which is 
incremental realization of ₹50, I'll be able to offset not only the 
increased input and conversion cost, but I'll be able to maintain my 
material margins at an additional INR 25 bucks. That's how the 
illustration closes.  
Rama Krishnan: 
I asked for the breakup of basically sneakers and chapals, and as well 
as their return on ecommerce.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
 90% of our portfolio is sneaker and sport shoes only 10% is open 
footwear which is not only flip flop. We don't know very basic white 
chapals we start with the flip flops. Slip ons, which are more premium 
in nature, starting at INR 499-599 which is all premium range.  

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 28 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jasdeep Waliya from a 
clockwise capital. Please go ahead.  
Jasdeep Waliya: 
 So I went to your show room. I think in the beginning of September it 
was not during the big online sales events. And I checked the prices of 
your premium products which are at around ₹2,000 now I checked the 
price on Amazon as well. All of them are available on Amazon at around 
30% to 40% discount. Now my first question is, what's your strategy on 
pricing in offline and online channels on a long-term basis. And if this is 
the kind of discount which is going to continue on e-commerce, then it 
doesn't make sense for consumers to buy offline. Hence the 
investments that you are making in your offline channel, whereas 
whether it's on expanding distribution or your EBO there could be use 
suboptimal returns in future.  
Piyush Singh: 
See, the thing is what, how we are actually segregating the portfolio. 
As I've already mentioned, we don't do a vertical split because that is 
suboptimal in nature so far as ad-spends are concerned. So what we 
have done is we have picked our own retail and our trade distribution 
on the on the back of freshness. Now this change is something that we 
have incorporated over the last one year. There are so whatever shoes 
you must have seen over there must be part of the phased-out 
portfolio that we kind of take out from our stores. Because September 
is the month when we do an autumn winter launch in in stores and 
across our trade distribution. So how we try and maintain this is 
whenever we launch a new season. The launch is also not knee jerk and 
the phasing out is also not kee jerk. You have to kind of pays out the 
inventory that residual inventory which is lying there at the stores. And 
make it available online and elsewhere at a slightly higher discount. The 
discounts that are not at all funded by us, these are transient and 
funded by the platforms only during the event. So what we do is once 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 28 
we launch a certain product specifically if we are doing a spring summer 
launch in autumn winter launch. What we ensure is during the next 
three to four months, which is the kind of the freshness phase of the 
product. We maintain price parity across channels, so whatever fresh 
launches we do in the month of September, you will see that whether 
you go and find that product online or you find that product in the store 
or through our trade distribution. The maximum discount cap is 10% 
and that to kicks in after the second month of the launch in the initial 
months, there is absolutely no discount and we only trend on freshness 
and this is the kind of a discipline that we are trying to implement 
across all our channels. While we I mean we are mindful that it's only 
the first year and there is some residual inventory, residual season 
styles which are still hot selling across all channels, so this will take 
some time for kind of a portfolio segregation perspective on a 
horizontal split level. Otherwise, the strategy is very, very clear or 
across all channels during the current season and season minus one we 
are trending on freshness and for legacy seasons and for SMU 
manufacturing in special collapse we are kind of doing that value 
proposition in in collaboration with the with the platforms, which might 
lead to submit up discounting for few days. I would not put a number 
around this, despite whatever portfolio discount you have seen on an 
anecdotal basis, are overall aggregate discount on our e-commerce 
channel has stayed within the realms of 17%-18%. And has never 
crossed the threshold of 20% so far.  
Jasdeep Waliya: 
So basically that means that there will be exclusivity of SKUs available 
offline and online only during the launch phase. After that, broadly 
when the SKU get around.  
Piyush Singh: 
We fresh portfolio every six months, so in every refresh we introduce 
150 to 200 new designs. So whatever is the current season offering, you 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 28 
will hardly find that on discount. And within six months we kind of 
refresh because for running the stores, be it MBO stores or beat our 
own stores, you need that freshness. Because freshness is the only 
hook which kind of attracts the customer in.  
Moderator:  
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Darshit Shah from 
Helios Capital. Please go ahead.  
Darshit Shah: 
Just wanted to understand what will be our margin looking like for FY23 
because if we see our margin is actually increase lets say from FY19 
when we submit increasing our share of D2C pie in our revenues which 
were incrementally higher in terms of mass? But if I see the margin like 
Q1 and Q2 and these are kind of margins where we may not actually 
reach 20% for FY23. So you think that will be at least 18% margins by 
FY23. Is there something that you can ride for?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Sorry, your voice is a kind of getting phased out in between. So while 
we can hear that you have requested for some margin outlook for the 
balance of the year, we couldn't really understand the balance of your 
question.  
Darshit Shah: 
Yeah, so I'm just talking out from outlook for margins at FY23 because 
if I see the margins have increased every year it will increase in Share 
of D2C, which is incrementally higher margins. What kind of margin are 
looking for FY23 because D2C growth has not slowed down the growth 
in online and it was 44% account is now 155 stores, what kind of margin 
are you looking at for?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
I mean we are not giving any specific guidance around our margin 
profile. All we can say is directionally we are heading towards the best 
part of our year in the which is the second-half of the year so far as 
volume delivery, top line growth as well as margin enhancement is 
concerned. Right now, we are looking at an opportune time to kind of 

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 28 
offset the raw material inflation that we have seen in order to 
normalize as a legacy margin structure of FY22. And we are confident 
that with the right steps in place we should be able to do it in the 
balance of the year.  
Darshit Shah: 
So have you taken any pricing increase in Q3?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Not yet we have. I mean five months until they’re on a on a year to go 
basis. So we'll look at the opportune time, because for us, the 
paramount thing is to ensure that we continue our growth momentum, 
we keep on gaining more and more market share.  
Darshit Shah:  
Because the marriage season starts on the 24th of November and goes 
on till 20th of December. There's a very big season, at least in the North, 
so any price increase would have actually helped you to increase 
margins in Q3 cuts half of the quarter is already done for year, right?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Yeah, see like Piyush mentioned earlier, a couple of competitors tried 
doing that in the season and they had to reverse their decision so it has 
to be a very well thought through strategy and see there are multiple 
other variables, then multiple other levers available at play for us to not 
just ensure growth but also to recoup margin, so I mean by directionally 
these are the levers like tested season, onset of marriage, then onset 
of winter. But there is no hard correlation between when we should 
take a price increase viz-a-viz the onset of these levers. So as we 
mentioned, we are very watchful of the market dynamics. And the kind 
of demand profile that we are seeing all across the country and specific 
cohorts in core markets we'll do the same at an opportune time.  
Moderator:  
Thank you ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint we take the 
last question from the line of Harsha from Incred capital. Please go 
ahead.  

                                                                                                Campus Activewear Limited 
Nov 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 28 
Harsha: 
What is the proportion of discounted states for us in second quarter 
and how has it trended compared to historical level.  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So a discounted sales have not exactly gone up versus last year. We can 
come back to you with exact numbers. But you can very well triangulate 
this from the fact that despite a tough quarter for the industry, we have 
still managed to grow our ASP by 5%, which is actually a full year 
trendline for this kind of ASP growth. And margin contraction 
essentially led by the raw material increase in the conversion cost 
increase. It's not so much better that discounts.  
Harsha: 
OK, and this is just one clarification. What he said is that the INR 20-25 
crore ecommerce sales right? So on a like to like basis that should have 
been recorded in Q2 right? If we compare it with last year, which will 
flow for us in Q3. Is that right Sir?  
Piyush Singh:  
So that sales last year was part of our quarter three numbers any which 
way is because the major festivals the Flag Ship Festival started on 30th 
of September and went to the balance of October. This year they 
started on 23rd of September and kind of follow through in the month 
of October. So, the first flagship event, happened in the first week itself 
and a majority of its sales got rolled over a while on a BAU level this is 
a normal phenomenon across quarters, but what we are mentioning 
here is the incremental sales that has that happen once a year 
depending on when the event happens.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's 
Campus Activewear Q2 & H1FY23 con call on behalf of Campus 
Activewear limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and in case of any further queries, please reach out to 
campus activist, Investor Relations team at ird@campusshoes.com. 
You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.   
