Varroc Engineering Limited 
Regd. & Corp. Office 
 
 
L-4, MIDC, Industrial Area 
Waluj, Aurangabad 431 
136, Maharashtra, India 
Tel   + 91 240 6653700 
Fax   + 91 240 2564540 
email: varroc.info@varroc.com 
www.varroc.com 
CIN: L28920MH1988PLC047335 
 
VARROC/SE/INT/2022-23/93 
 
 
 
 
November 18, 2022 
 
To, 
  
The Manager- Listing 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051. 
NSE Symbol: VARROC 
  
The Manager – Listing 
The Corporate Relation 
Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001. 
BSE Security Code: 541578  
[Debt: 973454 & 973455] 
Sub:  Transcript of Investor / Conference Call pertaining to Unaudited 
Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find Transcript of Investors / Conference Call held on Monday, November 14, 
2022, in respect of the Un-audited Financial Results for the quarter and half year 
ended on September 30, 2022.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Varroc Engineering Limited 
                       
 
 
 
Ajay Sharma 
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary  
Encl: a/a  
 
Ajay Kumar 
Sharma
Digitally signed by Ajay 
Kumar Sharma 
Date: 2022.11.18 15:03:09 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
“Varroc Engineering Limited 2QFY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
November 14, 2022 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARANG JAIN – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, VARROC ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. ARJUN JAIN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR, 
VARROC ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. K. MAHENDRA KUMAR - Group CFO, VARROC 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. BIKASH DUGAR - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
VARROC ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN KOKANE – ANALYST, AMBIT CAPITAL 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Varroc Engineering Limited 2QFY23 
Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Kokane from Ambit Capital. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Karan Kokane: 
Thanks. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you to the Varroc Engineering 2QFY23 Results 
Conference Call. From the management, we have today Mr. Tarang Jain – Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Arjun Jain – Whole Time Director, Mr. Mahendra Kumar – CFO, and 
Mr. Bikash Dugar – Head, Investor Relations. I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Bikash Dugar. 
Thanks, and over to you. 
Bikash Dugar: 
Thank you. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us for the quarter end 30th September 
2022 earnings call for Varroc Engineering. Please note that the results presentation and press 
release have been uploaded on the website and also in the stock exchange. 
Before we begin the call, please note that some of the matters we will discuss on this call, 
including business outlook are forward-looking. These are subject to known and unknown risks, 
the risks and uncertainties are included, but not limited to what we have mentioned in our 
prospects filed with SEBI and subsequent annual reports, which are available in our website. 
With that said, I now hand over the call to our Chairman, Mr. Tarang Jain to begin the 
proceedings. 
Tarang Jain: 
Thank you, Bikash, and thank you, Team Ambit for hosting the call, and good evening to 
everyone. Before talking about the operational performance of 2QFY23, I would like to again 
inform that we have completed the divestment of our four-wheeler lighting business in Europe 
and the Americas on the 6th of October 2022. As communicated earlier, this has resulted in an 
impairment due to the lower equity value we received. In our consolidated books, we have 
booked a loss of Rs. 5,709 million against the net assets of the VLS business, which we have 
divested. With the transaction now behind us, team in Varroc can now totally focus on the 
continued operations to strengthen its balance sheet and invest in identified focus areas to drive 
future profitable growth. 
Talking about the operational performance. In India, automotive production for all the segments 
in Q2 FY '23 rose on a year to year-on-year basis as well as on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The 
main reasons are due to the lower base of last year and the early festive season. On a year-on-
year basis, 2-wheeler production grew by 7.7%, 3-wheelers by 24.3%, passenger vehicles by 
38.1% and commercial vehicles by 36.2%. 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
In terms of our operations, I am happy to inform you that we grew the revenue from continued 
operations by 21.2% to Rs. 18,399 million on a year-on-year basis. This is the highest ever 
revenue generated by entities in the continued operations in any quarter. We improved our 
profitability on a sequential basis with improvement in the EBITDA margin by 100 basis points. 
This is the second consecutive quarter when the EBITDA margin has expanded and it came in 
at 9.2%. The operational PBT before JV profit for continued operations has also improved 
sequentially by more than 294% in the quarter and it is Rs. 545 million. The reported PBT of 
Rs. 307 million was impacted negatively by net mark-to-market FOREX impact of Rs. 242 
million, mainly on intercompany loans. We continue to have strong order wins towards new 
business in H1 of FY '23 across business units, enabling our future growth. 
During H1 FY '23, lifetime revenue from new order wins is Rs. 25,476 million. Out of this, 
business wins from 5 prominent EV customers is Rs. 8,676 million. Profitable business wins, 
improving of the contribution margin, focusing on PBT instead of EBITDA margin, sweating of 
assets, inventory reduction, commercialization of our R&D efforts, control on costs, growing 
free cash flow, debt reduction and prudent capital allocation remains a focus of the company. 
I am now handing over the call to MK, our group CFO, who will walk you through the 
presentation, which is already uploaded in our website and in the Stock Exchange also. 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Thank you, Tarang. Good evening, everybody. I think the presentation is already uploaded in 
the website. Let me start with the highlights. The last quarter, Q2 was an important quarter for 
us where we completed this transaction. Of course, we explained the highlights of the transaction 
in our previous call. But I'd still remind you all that we completed this on 6th October and some 
of the other highlights have already been explained by our Chairman, but just to highlight once 
again, the growth was pretty strong last quarter at 21.2% on a year-over-year basis. And 
sequentially also, I think we grew by close to 12%. And this quarter had the highest ever revenue 
for continued operations in Q2. 
In terms of the new orders won also, it was pretty good. We had new orders total in H1 adding 
up to about 25.5 billion including about 8.7 billion coming from 5 EV customers, including 2 
prominent EV customers and 3 new players also. The EBITDA margin also continues to 
improve. It reached 9.2% last quarter. Again, it was a good improvement from last year same 
quarter and also quarter-over-quarter. So, with the completion of the transaction, we now have 
a cleaner balance sheet where we remove debt and debt-like items adding up to close to 34 billion 
which included about 26 billion of debt items and about 8 billion of debt-like items. So, that was 
a major cleanup, which our balance sheet had undergone. And of course, we also had to pick up 
the impairment impact because of that. Now with all these changes with improved profitability, 
we are now in a better position to service and reduce the debt levels going forward. 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Going to the next slide, in terms of the overall industry trends, Q2 again, has been pretty good 
for the entire industry. Both 2-wheeler and passenger vehicles registered significant growth. 
Two-wheeler of course, grew by close to 8%, but passenger vehicles grew by almost 38% year-
over-year. Quarter-over-quarter sequential basis also the 2-wheeler market grew by about 17%, 
and passenger vehicles grew by 14%. Of course, there are some positives and negatives here 
when it comes to the industry trends. The semiconductor constraint seems to be easing now, so 
that can help the industry in terms of volumes going forward. At the same time, we also need to 
see how the overall demand scenario pans out. We see some kind of softening of demand at the 
low end of the spectrum. So, we need to see how these things pan out in the coming quarters. 
Now in the next slide, of course, we expand the overall structure of Varroc now, after the 
divestment. As again, we explained in the previous presentations also. Now basically comprises 
2 geographical segments, India and rest of the world. This business is, of course, all of you can 
actually go through and understand. 
And then coming to the next slide where we presented the consolidated financials of continued 
operations. You may notice that the EBITDA margin improved to 9.2% from 8.2% in previous 
quarter and also in Q2 of last year. And then in terms of the overall PBT margin, it is close to 
about 3% now during Q2 of FY '23. Of course, we also had to put this FOREX loss, which is 
what our Chairman was also explained in his speech. So, with all this, the reported PBT stood at 
about Rs. 31 crores or 307 million. 
One important point to be noted here is the tax, you might have noticed a negative PAT here, 
but this is because of a couple of reasons. One is the notional exchange losses, which we had to 
pick up in Q2 and also in Q1 are not actually tax deductible. So, because of that, there will be 
higher tax incident plus whatever deferred tax assets we had earlier on a similar item at global 
level also had to be reversed because the transaction values changed subsequently. So, because 
of that, you'll see a negative PAT. But in terms of PBT, it was at about Rs. 31 crores. 
Now in terms of the split between India operations and overseas operations, you might notice in 
the next slide that it now adds up to about 9.8% of adjusted EBITDA margin in Q2 this is for 
India operations compared to 8.9% sequentially last quarter. In terms of overseas also, the 
adjusted EBITDA margin works out to about 3%. Of course, it was higher in Q1 at about 4.5%. 
The impact of inflation in the overseas markets, particularly in the European markets had some 
impact here. We are hoping that going forward, it should look better. So, with all this, the overall 
continued operations reported 9.2% of adjusted EBITDA margin. 
Now one important question that we all have is, okay, what does this do to the debt position and 
the overall leverage? As you might notice in the next slide, the net debt is about Rs. 1300 crores 
or INR 13 billion, which is what we indicated in the last call also. Now the consolidated equity 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
stands at about Rs. 900 crores or Rs. 899 crores to be precise with an annualized adjusted 
EBITDA of about Rs. 672 crores, the ratios are now looking far more comfortable. he net debt 
to equity works out to about 1.45 after the divestment. As on 30th September, it was 1.75 because 
the transaction was closed only on 6th October, it still carries the debt which we subsequently 
repaid. So, that's why from 1.75 it came down to 1.45 after the repayment of about 33 million in 
the overseas operations. 
So, the net debt to equity now stands at 1.45 on a consolidated basis. Net debt to EBITDA is 
also close to 2x now or we can say 1.9x, just below 2, let us say about 1.9. This is on the 
consolidated basis. Even on a standalone basis also if we see, post divestment, it now stands at 
1.7 for VEL standalone. So, that's also a comfortable ratio. We will try to improve this as we 
move forward. 
So, on the right side, on the extreme right, you might notice the 31st March scenario, which have 
both continued and discontinued operations. You might notice the kind of debt we had at the 
time of close to INR 26.5 billion. Now this is without even considering the debt-like items. If 
you include that also, you can understand that what happened during this Q2 divestment was a 
significant relief in terms of the overall divestment of the overall debt burden. And in terms of 
the serviceability also, I think it's significantly improved. 
Going to the next slide in terms of the overall revenue breakdown. Of course, these details. I 
think they more or less remain the same from the earlier trends, except that in terms of the 
product segments, 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler now add up to about 68%. Four-wheeler expanded 
to close to 28% and others at about 4%. 
And geographical spread, if you see close to 20% of the revenue comes from outside. This is 
including the overseas continued operations plus exports from India. And in terms of customer 
concentration, you can see that Bajaj accounts for about 39% of the overall revenue and others 
about 61% or 62%. 
Going to the next slide, which is about the new lifetime orders, which we won in H1. This is 
how the split is. The lifetime revenue from customers; if you really see the customer 
concentration part, the orders won from Bajaj adds up to only 18%. The remaining orders from 
other customers add up to about 82%. And other interesting point here is the new orders from 
EV segment constitute about 34% of the total. So, that is also a strong positive thing which we 
are looking at. And then in terms of the 2-wheeler and 4-wheeler, it is now a split like 44% and 
56%, 56% in 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler and 44% from others. 
Of course, on the next slide, we have given these EV opportunities, the portfolio of products 
which we have, which I think we shared in the previous presentations also. Same is the case with 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
the next slide where we talk about what it means to FY '25 revenue in terms of 2-wheeler and 3-
wheeler products. 
So, finally, coming to the future focus areas of Varroc, this one gives a good picture of what we 
are planning to attempt in future. These are the 5 parameters, which we will be continuously 
monitoring. We will definitely focus a lot on revenue growth, which would be supported by 
volume growth as well as in any kind of pricing. And that will be followed by strong contribution 
margin improvements. That's what we are focusing on. This will enable us to strengthen the 
business, make the business more robust. This should all translate into a good PBT growth. Here 
again, we need to have a tighter control in fixed costs, so that the improvement in contribution 
margin translates into PBT growth. 
Now obviously, this PBT growth should convert into FCF conversion also, which is going to be 
a focus area for us. Now once we complete all this, we generate cash, which can be used to 
reduce the debt levels going forward. And once we actually bring down debt to reasonable levels, 
we can then think of where to invest. But going forward, our capital deployment will be based 
on some prudent principles so that this deployment again generates revenue growth and the cycle 
continues. So, that's going to be a focus area for us going forward. 
So, with that, I'll bring this presentation to an end, of course, we have other slides are about the 
CSR initiatives and all which we have taken up recently. So, with this, I hand it over to you. We 
can take up any questions which the investors may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the first question from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citibank. Please go 
ahead 
Arvind Sharma: 
Sir, my question is on this tax issue that you spoke about, will they continue over the second half 
as well? And if not, then what's the expected tax rate, if yes, then how much more of these 
additional taxes could the company be paying? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
No, these are not like additional taxes or something, like what I explained, these were the 
deferred tax asset kind of things which we accumulated earlier as an asset thinking that there 
will be a good consideration and good profit on sale of divestment, which did not happen, so we 
had to reversed it. So, that's one. Second thing was there was these exchange losses which we 
had booked. So, that reduced the profits but reduced the reported profits earlier. But the tax 
calcullation doesn't recognize this. So, we still have to pay tax on that. So, there's no additional 
tax or anything here. And going forward, we won't be having significant intercompany loans to 
these overseas entities. So, we don't expect this kind of impact going forward. 
Arvind Sharma: 
So, going forward, taxation should be done at the corporate tax rate, right? 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Correct. Going forward, it should normalize. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Sure. My second question would be on the margins. I'm including both of them. So, first, on the 
overseas operations we see the margins have gone down from 4.5% to 3%. Could you please 
explain the reasons behind that? For the new operations, since you cited, there are some issues 
in terms of demand going ahead? If you could elucidate upon that and the possible impact on 
margins, we could see in India operation, which have been fairly strong at 9.8%. But going 
forward, what kind of an impact could directionally we see on these margins if the demand is 
soft? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Sorry, your question is about the overseas operations? 
Arvind Sharma: 
Both. First overseas operations, the reason behind the 150-bps quarter-on-quarter decline. And 
for the India operations, the impact of a softer demand. 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. So, as far as the overseas operations are concerned, I think I explained in my presentation 
also, there was this high inflationary scenario in the overseas markets, particularly in Europe. 
So, that had some impact on the profitability. So, we should see how it behaves going forward. 
As far as India operations are concerned, of course, we don't want to give any guidance here, but 
our effort is always to improve margins from where we are. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Alright, sir. So, this 9.8% margin, of course, you won't give guidance, but you don't see too 
many headwinds to this number? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. I mean we still need to see how Q3 pans out. We are in the middle of Q3. So, we should 
see how the demand scenario behaves in the coming 1.5 months or 2 months. So, based on that 
only, we can see how that's going to have an impact. But as it stands now, we don't see any kind 
of thing to worry about. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Sure, sir. And sir, just one final, not a question but just an observation. There has been a fair bit 
of restructuring in the way you report numbers. So, is this the way that we'll be reporting here 
on? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes, we split it between India operations and overseas operations. Yes, that's how we are going 
to report in future also. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Sure, sir. Because as per your 1Q FY '23 numbers and your operations were 12.7 billion, but 
now we see 14.1 billion. So, I mean there has been some regrouping, but this is how you'll report 
hereon, right? 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Mahendra Kumar: 
See, the major difference is the VLS lighting business in India was not reported as part of India 
business earlier because this geographic segmentation is something which we bringing in only 
now. Yes, going forward, this is how it will be. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Congrats for the decent set of the number in tough time. Sir, my question is related to the 
overseas operations. So, what is your road map to improve your revenue and the margin for the 
overseas operation for the next 2 years? And what sort of the target do you have in your mind? 
Tarang Jain : 
So, see, basically, what has happened is that the business, which is in Europe today, other than 
our forging business units, which we continue to improve operationally. We have a 2-wheeler 
lighting business. 2-wheeler lighting business we've had for the last 10 years and this business 
has got plants in Italy, Romania and in Vietnam. So, overall, I think this business is quite a steady 
business, it has a revenue annually at probably between 45 million Euros to 50 million Euros a 
year for a steady business. And this is something we have to see because we have the confidence 
of all the customers in the 2-wheeler business, whether it's in Southeast Asia or in Europe. So, 
going forward, I see in the next couple of years, we see a good traction in our Vietnam business 
in Southeast Asia because that's where we see where the Asian markets, I see more of a better 
growth potential as compared to Europe. So, Europe, we'll have to see how it pans out. The 
country, there are these headwinds because of the war, the Ukraine war. So, we have to really 
see what really happens in the coming months, but then the war is on, we cannot really predict 
how the volumes will pan out for us at least in the coming year. But I think that so also let's say, 
if the war is on in Europe, we still expect to grow in a smaller way, probably anywhere between 
probably 3% to 5% is what we're looking at. But when it comes to our Vietnam facility, that's 
where our focus is going to be a little bit more on our 2-wheeler lighting business. And that's 
where we are now active at the moment working on growth opportunities over there also with 
the Japanese OEMs. And that's where we are looking that probably we are having growth 
between 5% to 10% growth in the Southeast Asian market as we go along. So, overall our 2-
wheeler lighting business is something where we feel more confidence in Southeast Asia rather 
than Europe. And when it comes to our new business of electronics, which is in Romania. This 
business, of course, at the moment, we have a revenue of about close to 25 million Euros a year. 
Here, we are supplying the electronic assemblies to Plastic Omnium for the lighting business. 
Here is where we are now looking at future growth, I cannot say at the moment, we're looking 
at a strategy for growth. But yes, this is also a business we want to grow this thing going forward. 
So, at the moment, I think we'll probably be clearer in the next quarter. You know that about we 
are building on a strategy now of how we want to grow our European business, both on a 2-
wheeler lighting and the electronics side. But yes, there will be a growth. How much growth, 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
I'm not very clear at the moment. This is something we'll be more clear within the next one 
quarter. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And for FY '23, it will be tough to make a margin of 5% kind of the numbers from the overseas 
business because there will be continued pressure because of this RM and the wage inflation? 
Tarang Jain: 
So, I think that we will definitely make a margin. We'll definitely make an EBITDA margin, it's 
very difficult to really predict how this inflation pans out going forward. It's really uncertain, but 
we are confident that we'll make a positive EBITDA for sure in this business. 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes, that's clear. Our efforts will continue, but it's difficult to predict the macroeconomic 
scenario. So, let's leave it at that. 
Abhishek Jain: 
But sir, we are seeing the impact of the RM inflation in the bottomline, but not in the topline, 
even the topline has gone down in this quarter despite the capacity additions in the electronics 
business in Romania and plus that some ramp up in the other 2-wheelers business. So, what is 
the reason that we are not able to do topline growth? 
Tarang Jain: 
See topline also, to an extent, does get impacted because what we are servicing in the 2-wheeler 
is also on the premium side and the and also the entry level. So, there is some impact which has 
come in. And also, we have to remember that the month of August normally is a holiday in Italy. 
And normally, we don't have more than one week of sales. So, both our forging plant as well as 
our lighting plant in Italy, both have been impacted by lower sales in August. And therefore, 
overall, the sales has been impacted for the quarter. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And sir, in India business, we have seen a basic growth in your electronics business because you 
have started supply the motor and controller DC-DC converter to the Bajaj Chaser. So, just 
wanted to know how much content per vehicle? And are we also looking to supply to other 2-
wheelers brands? 
Tarang Jain: 
Yes, we do, I mean. And in fact, we're increasing our volumes with Bajaj Auto on the motor, 
motor control and other products for the EV, so those volumes are going up on a consistent basis. 
And also at the same time, yes, like we mentioned that even for the EV powertrain, we are in 
discussion with other customers. And we are hoping that we are going to be winning some 
businesses also where it comes to the EV powertrain and, of course, also the other products 
around the EVs, whether it's lighting, switches or plastics or other products. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, what kind of the growth we are looking from the electronics business for FY '23? 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Mahendra Kumar: 
So, I think we are growing with the market. And today, I think we are one of the early starters 
and I think that we have efforts, we have a focus approach to EV now, we have sales on EV side 
and therefore we will see a good momentum and good percentage of EVs growing quarter-on-
quarter. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir my other question is from the lighting business so how the current contribution in a lighting 
business from two-wheeler versus four-wheeler side? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
We do not comment on individual sub segment level data. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And sir you want many new business in the four-wheeler lighting side, so can you throw some 
light over there, what is the content per vehicle there and who are the key customers and what 
can be the opportunity size? 
Tarang Jain: 
See I cannot mentioned about the content per vehicle for lighting, but today our major customers 
today are Mahindra, Volkswagen and Renault Nissan and we also supply something to Tata 
Motors and we are now looking at driving sales with another couple of customers as we move 
forward and we are quite confident that we will grow our over four-wheeler lighting business in 
a very positive manner going forward.  
Abhishek Jain: 
And what is the current revenue from the four-wheeler lighting business? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Again, we do not disclose that sub segment information.  
Abhishek Jain: 
And my last question is related with your outlook for the polymer and the metallic business what 
sort of the roadmap you have to improve these business? 
Tarang Jain: 
So, the polymer business we are both on the two-wheeler side and the four-wheeler side. I think 
in two-wheeler side we have got substantial good market share across all customers in India on 
a two-wheeler side most customers I would say and that is something probably we have a range 
of products we are looking at probably at cross selling also the products other than Bajaj to cross 
sell with other customer that is something which already are in process and we continue to grow 
on that side, but I think more our major focus is going to be on the four-wheeler plastics and that 
is why we will see that we focus little bit better on the four-wheeler side or plastic and we grow 
that business on a Pan India basis as we move forward that is the focus area where it comes to 
metallic side we see anywhere growth year-on-year for a next few years for what is the 
investments we have already made, we are seeing a good growth going forward in metallics, but 
we are like I have said in the earlier calls we are being very cautious because most of our 
metallics business is all ICE engine related so like we do transmission part and we do engine 
valves. So, here we are very particular that we have to look at ROCE being over 20, over 22 and 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
unless ROCE are there in this any new business wins we are not really willing to invest further 
on the metallic side, but here also the metallic side our focus would be a little bit more on the 
export where we see better contributions towards the margins.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vinay Jain from Karma Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vinay Jain: 
So, wanted to ask question on the India business so if you I look at other than electrical and 
electronic business all the other business segments has actually if I look at on a sequential basis 
the growth is lower than the industry growth with which we have seen be it two-wheeler, four-
wheeler or three-wheeler, any specific reason for that because again for us there would be a 
component of maybe partial price increase as well coming through in the current quarter? 
Tarang Jain: 
See what I see is that we have grown both in our electrical electronics business and the polymer 
business. So, both I think sequentially the revenues have gone up if you really go to the details 
yes metallics on a metallic side yes we have not really grown on a metallic side and because 
metallic side also does a significant amount of exports which has been impacted because of the 
situation in Europe.  
Vinay Jain: 
Lightening business if you could comment so because on a consolidated basis the lightening 
business is also down around 5% sequentially, so is it largely attributed to the overseas business? 
Tarang Jain: 
I think we are doing fairly well I think on the growth in India on four-wheeler lighting business 
I think that is a business a customers coming to grow over there. So, I do not think we have 
anything to do with these local domestic markets there I think we are continuing to grow in this 
lighting business even in the last quarter.  
Vinay Jain: 
So, again on the overseas part also on the way we are reporting it now sequentially the revenues 
have come off around 50 odd crores and the margins also off, so what are we guiding for on the 
overseas business or  India business from a medium-term perspective, so are we still track on 
achieving that 8% to 10% margin over the next say three to four quarters? 
Tarang Jain: 
See we are definitely going to be striving for that. See the issue in Europe is the Ukraine war 
and inflation that is the biggest issue here that is why it is very difficult to kind of predict what 
is going to happen on the margins, it is not that easy and that is what the early participant also 
asked the same question. So, definitely it is very difficult to give guidance in Europe on the 
margins and also the volumes I would say considering the situation in Europe at the moment.  
Vinay Jain: 
And how is the ramp up for the Romania facility coming up so it is that also getting delayed 
because of the situation which is happening in Europe? 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Tarang Jain: 
At the moment what is happening we already have a set business where we are supplying from 
a SMT lines to plastic omnium for the lighting PCB that business is going on presently the 
volumes are okay fair, but yes one is impacted by inflation in that business also, but like I said 
earlier we are now strategizing with some other customers and trying to focus on more business 
wins going forward. So, we are looking at growth also in the electronics business going forward, 
but presently we are in the stable situation at the moment, but the revenues we are doing at 
present. So, it take some more for growth to take place on the Romania electronic side, but we 
are definitely working towards winning some new businesses over there. The overall revenue of 
overseas business is just about 10% of the total.  
Vinay Jain: 
But in terms of profitability is it still loss making or is it in the black? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
I think we already explained it earlier in the presentation so it is not loss making, it is making 
profits. At EBITDA level we showed 3% EBITDA in here.  
Vinay Jain: 
So, over the years we have accumulated losses with respect to the VLS business and also we 
have taken an impairment charge on the asset side, so do we expect any benefits to accrue on 
the actual tax to be paid in future years or you are expecting a normalized tax rate going ahead? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
No as of now we are not expecting any benefits to come from there that is the reason we reverse 
the accumulated deferred tax as such going forward it should be the normal tax rate.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question is from the line of Rishi Vora from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Rishi Vora: 
First question you did eluded to the fact that you want to improve the contribution margin of the 
business now if I just specifically talk about the polymer business that business even if I look at 
before 2019-20 have been doing let us say high single digit EBITDA margins with a ROCE of 
less than mid too high single digit, going forward what are the key initiatives which you will be 
taking in order to improve the profitability of the business and the ROCE of the business? 
Tarang Jain: 
So, today we have already like you said we have made a lot of investments in the past and today 
we are still not at full capacity utilization. So, therefore I feel there is scope with whatever the 
capacities we have today to improve to load more business over here and we are growing there 
as such and also whatever for the investments we are making we are looking at a consent 
approach I mean we are going to be very careful when it comes to capital intensity that something 
we are going to be extremely careful going forward. Other than that, already we have been 
working a lot and we are very focused on basically operational efficiencies, how to drive for 
OEs control, your variable cost and also better sourcing with the growth we are taking place, 
how to do better sourcing from the market. So, definitely we want to drive our contribution 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
margin up as our CFO has mentioned in his presentation. So, the focus is on improving this 
contribution margins to better control on a manufacturing plants mainly a lot on the variable cost 
and including also the material cost and I think that somewhere where we are actually getting 
good traction there also we are also working on trying to recover wherever the material increase 
are taking place, the kind of recovery from the customer on a regular basis so there is we are 
actually pushing the customers to compensate us for whatever the material cost increases 
including the electronics, price increases which takes place. So, we are trying to get a better 
recovery from customers also which was not that strong probably pre COVID, but that s is 
something we have taken it in a much stronger way.  
Bikash Dugar: 
And moreover, it is last four, five years the business mix for the India operation is drastically 
changing. Now we have growth coming from the electrical business then you have four-wheeler 
polymer business and aftermarket. So, that mix has the better profitability in the industries as 
compared to the other businesses and this is what will drive the business margins going ahead. 
Internally a lot of work is being done to control cost and increase the efficiencies.  
Rishi Vora: 
And what will be the capacity utilization in your polymer business is it currently? 
Tarang Jain: 
I think depending we have got a total of about 13 plants. It could be anyway depending on the 
plants; it would be probably anywhere between 55% to 75% it depends on which plant.  
Rishi Vora: 
And sir going forward as you have also several EV orders for EV components obviously the 
margin profile of those components would be very different ROCE the asset terms would be 
different, how will your margin profile in ROCE seems to, is the components in the higher 
margin equivalent or lower margin front your current business and my sense is asset terms are 
much higher than the current business line, so will it be margin dilutive but ROCE accretive or 
we have got margin also? 
Tarang Jain: 
Definitely see electronics EV components definitely helping us drive better ROCE and better 
margins going forward and that is what and this is a future electronics and the EV part is the 
future along with the four-wheeler business what we do and this is something where I mean there 
is a very good focus so you are right I mean yes may be pre COVID we did not see that kind of 
ROCE, but I think going forward we are moving towards the target of at least 22 ROCE and also 
better double digit margins that is something we would have focus on.  
Rishi Vora: 
And sir last question what would be CAPEX guidance for this year? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
See for the remaining 6 months it could be somewhere between 100 to 150 crores.  

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next question we have the next question from the line of Basudeb 
Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
I have few questions one just in the last question you said second half CAPEX plan is 125 crore 
how much was the CAPEX in first half? 
Bikash Dugar: 
In India operation it was around 70 crore odd only. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And consol? 
Bikash Dugar: 
Consol I think it will be less than 100 crores.  
Mahendra Kumar: 
Consol anywhere it is not the right way to compare now because it had discontinued operations 
also.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, the SEBI format reported consol number included this quarterly profit? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Correct. 
Basudev Banerjee: 
So, overall, for the full year you are expecting around 250 crore? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes I think the right way to see it just let us look forward I think that is the right way to actually 
think about it. So, going forward it will be 100 to 150 crores in H2.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Just trying to see that now in today’s presentation this 1,300 crore of net debt which was expected 
to be net cash a few months back and your trajectory of per annum free cash flow just trying to 
understand how much time will it take that to net cash levels at this level of margins or you are 
already at record revenues, so what kind of sustainable CAPEX to produce that you will be 
looking forward to? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
So, like what I have mentioned you know our current EBITDA margins on the current run rate 
in terms of revenue so you can compute it. As far as CAPEX is concerned I mentioned 100 to 
150 crores next 6 months after that also it could be in the range of maybe 200 crores to 250 
crores the following year. So, we have very tight control on CAPEX going forward so based on 
that we can work out we do not want any guidance here, but we are very focused on containing 
our CAPEX, improving profitability and also improving the free cash flow situation overall.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And then the debt also? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes all that will flow into debt reduction.  

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sir like in this quarter interest outgo which was 49 odd crore now after the debt reduction with 
on this level of debt what will be the sustainable interest outgo? 
Mahendra Kumar: 
Like what I mentioned you know the net debt levels and you know the average rates right now. 
So, I think when compute as we continue to generate that will come down, but based on the 
current levels we can compute the interest burden for the remaining 6 months.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, including discontinued business where overall working capital to sales used to be almost 
zero or negative and now under this new business do you see any chances of work cap to sales 
structurally changing and because why I am asking is already generating free cash flow and 
reducing debt is of paramount importance in case working capital reverses structurally how one 
should look at it? 
Tarang Jain: 
I think we will continue to have good control on the working capital going forward. We do not 
want to give any kind of indications or estimates now, but that certainly one of the focus areas 
in order to generate good free cash flow we need to have working capital also under tight control 
we are focusing on that.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
In the earlier part when we said three weeks of manufacturing holidays in August or European 
operations, so what kind of such holidays one should expect in the Christmas month? 
Bikash Dugar: 
Once again another 15 days of holidays generally within Europe. 
Tarang Jain: 
Normally December in India is also one of the weaker months and when it comes to Europe 
obviously 10 to 15 days there is no working days practically. So, obviously month of December 
you do see an impact.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, broadly holidays from a QoQ perspective will broadly remain similar so no incremental 
benefit or damage because of holidays on revenues? 
Tarang Jain: 
Yes there is no incremental damage it is a way it has been in the past years. I am not talking 
about the COVID years, but generally.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And last question sir like we were discussing earlier that suppose the fire accident the new 
facility of four-wheeler lighting will come up somewhere end of CY22, what is the progress 
with respect to that and how you are improving the utilization of Chennai facility as some key 
OEMs are plan to get added, so what is the status there? 
Tarang Jain: 
So, basically when it comes to a new facility in Pune I do not think we mentioned that we are 
going to be ready in 22 I mean we are going to be looking at SOP somewhere around April 23 
that is what we are looking at I mean the plant is moving in a very fast pace. So, I think we 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
should do SOP I think it will gain some more benefits on single piece and yes we are looking at 
of course more business in Pune. When it comes to Chennai Renault Nissan is a main customer 
we have there today other than Daimler where we are exporting for bus lighting, but Renault 
Nissan recently also we won another very big business of about 70 crores of business annually 
a year in this last quarter and I think Chennai plant is playing along well. I would say we are 
growing a revenues also in Chennai and going forward we are in touch with also another large 
customers and we are hoping that we see some good traction with this other customer also 
moving forward in Chennai.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand it over to the management for closing comments.  
Tarang Jain: 
So, thank you and thanks again for joining, listening and asking questions. We continue to pursue 
excellence in our day-to-day life for creating value for all you stakeholders. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may disconnect your lines  
