 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
Regd. Office : Fortis Hospital, Sector 62, Phase – VIII, Mohali – 160062 
Tel : 0172-5096001, Fax : 0172-5096221, CIN : L85110PB1996PLC045933 
Fortis Healthcare Limited  
Tower-A, Unitech Business Park, Block-F, 
South City 1, Sector – 41, Gurgaon, 
Haryana – 122 001 (India) 
Tel  
 
: 0124 492 1033 
Fax 
 
: 0124 492 1041 
Emergency 
: 105010 
Email 
 
: secretarial@fortishealthcare.com 
Website 
: www.fortishealthcare.com 
 
November 18, 2022 
FHL/SEC/2022-23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.         
Scrip Symbol: FORTIS 
    BSE Limited 
    Scrip Code:532843 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors / Analysts’ meet under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Madam / Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the investors / analysts meet held on November 
14, 2022 to discuss the Company’s un-audited financial results for the quarter and period ended 
September 30, 2022. Further, the said transcript is also available on the website of the Company i.e. 
https://www.fortishealthcare.com/investors. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Murlee Manohar Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. F9598  
 
Encl: a/a 
 
MURLEE 
MANOHAR 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
MURLEE MANOHAR 
JAIN 
Date: 2022.11.18 
16:02:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Fortis Healthcare Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ASHUTOSH RAGHUVANSHI – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – FORTIS 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MR. ANAND K –CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SRL 
LIMITED 
 
MR. MANGESH SHIRODKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, SRL LIMITED 
 
MR. ANURAG KALRA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT – 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – FORTIS HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV CHUGH – FORTIS HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY '23 Post-results Conference Call of 
Fortis Healthcare Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anurag Kalra, Senior Vice 
President, Investor Relations, at Fortis Healthcare Limited. Thank you. And over to you, Mr. 
Kalra. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you, Inba. A very good afternoon and good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank 
you for taking the time to be with us on our quarter 2 FY '23 earnings call. The call is being led 
by our MD and CEO, Dr. Ashutosh Raghuvanshi. With him, we have our Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Vivek Goyal; from SRL, Mr. Anand, who is the CEO there; and Mangesh 
Shirodkar, the CFO of SRL. Along with me, I also have Gaurav.  
I hope all of you have got a chance to go through the results deck and the press release that we 
had circulated on Friday evening. We will begin with some opening comments by Dr. 
Raghuvanshi, following which Anand will take you through certain key highlights of the 
diagnostics business. And then we can open the floor for questions and answers.  
I now hand over to Dr. Raghuvanshi. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Thank you, Anurag. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on 
our Q2 financial year '23 earnings call. I hope all of you have had a great time with your family 
and friends during the festival season. I would like to straightaway talk on the performance of 
company for the quarter. And then Anand will take you through the highlights for the diagnostic 
business.  
We have witnessed a strong set of earnings for the quarter, our consolidated revenues have 
increased 10% versus Q2 of financial year '22 to INR 1,607 crores. I'm very pleased with the 
way our hospital business has performed. Our hospital business revenues have grown 18% 
versus Q2 of financial year '22 and 9% versus Q1 of financial year '23. Our diagnostic business, 
on the other hand, witnessed a revenue decline versus Q2 of financial year '22, which was 
primarily on account of the significantly lower COVID contribution. However, it is pertinent to 
note that compared to the trailing quarter, the business witnessed a 6% revenue growth reflecting 
early but encouraging signs of pickup post the COVID impact seen previously. Just to recall, the 
diagnostics business had an approximately 22% revenue contribution from COVID and COVID 
allied tests in Q2 of financial year '22, which stood at a near 5% in Q2 of financial year '23. If 
we adjust the COVID revenues on a like-to-like basis, the diagnostic business revenues actually 
grew 5.3% versus Q2 of financial year '22.  
On the profitability metrics, our hospital business EBITDA stands at INR 246 crores, an increase 
of 30% and reflecting margins of 18.9% versus 17.2% in Q2 of financial year '22 and 17.4% in 
the Q1 of financial year '23.  

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
The improvement in margins has been led by a healthy performance of all the key hospital 
operating metrics, which I shall speak of in a while. On the diagnostics segment, commensurate 
with the decline in COVID and COVID allied revenues, EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 
73 crores versus INR 103 crores in Q2 of financial year '22. However, EBITDA was higher 
versus INR 64 crores in the trailing quarter. This reflects margins basis gross revenue at 20.7% 
for the quarter versus 25.7% in Q2 of financial year '22 and better than margins of 19.3% in Q1 
of financial year '23.  
Combining both the hospitals and the diagnostics business, our consolidated EBITDA for the 
quarter was INR 319 crores compared to INR 292 crores in Q2 of financial year '22 and INR 
272 crores in Q1 of financial year '23. Consolidated EBITDA margin was at 19.8% versus 20% 
in Q2 of financial year '22 and better than 18.2% in Q1 of financial year '23.  
To highlight, the contributions of hospital EBITDA increased to 77% in Q2 of financial year '23 
versus 65% in Q2 of financial year '22. This significant -- the momentum in our hospital business 
earnings, enabling us to maintain our consolidated margins, despite the impacts in diagnostic 
business as a result of lower COVID volumes.  
At the PAT level, we reported a profit after tax, prior to exceptional items of INR 167 crores 
compared to INR 130 crores in Q2 of financial year '22. This is a 28% growth versus the 
corresponding quarter and 24% growth versus Q1 of financial year '23. I would like to mention 
there was an exceptional gain of INR 51.6 crores which pertains to reversal of impairments in 
one of our associate companies.  
Let me also briefly touch on the consolidated H1 financial year '23 financial numbers of the 
company. For H1, our consolidated revenue stood at INR 3,095 crores, a growth of 8% over the 
corresponding previous period. EBITDA for the quarter was INR 590 crores versus INR 575 
crores for H1 of financial year '22, translating into a margin of 19.1% versus 20% in the 
corresponding previous period. PAT excluding exceptional items for the period stood at INR 
301 crore versus INR 255 crore for the H1 of financial year '22, at a growth of 18%.  
On the qualitative aspect of the hospital business, we have made significant progress on all 
fronts. With the strong demand for elective procedures, our surgical revenue contribution to 
overall revenue was at 59% compared to 56% in Q2 of financial year '22, led by a better 
speciality mix and robust traction in our international patient revenue.  
Our hospital business witnessed an occupancy of 70% versus 65% in Q2 of financial year '22 
and 64% in Q1 of financial year '23, while ARPOB grew 5% to INR 1.97 crores from INR 1.87 
crores in Q2 financial year '22. ARPOB was similar to Q1 of financial year '23. If you would 
recall, we had indicated that our aim is to reach 70% by the end of this fiscal. However, given 
the strong traction, we were able to achieve this rather quickly. I would tend to be cautiously 
optimistic in Q3, which is generally a festive season across North India and hence occupancy 
may see some seasonal impacts in Q3.  

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
On the international patient business, we continued to witness strong traction. International 
patient revenue were at INR 109 crores, a growth of 164% over the corresponding quarter and 
23% over the trailing quarter. International patient revenue during Q2 of financial year '23 
contributed 8.4% to total hospital revenues versus 3.8% in Q2 of financial year '22.  
It is also important to highlight that some of our key underperforming facilities have witnessed 
higher revenues and better profitability versus both the trailing and corresponding quarters. On 
our brownfield expansion plans, which we have been discussing with you, our expansion plans 
are well on track and we are adding capacities across all our major facilities like FMRI and 
Mulund, BG Road, Shalimar Bagh, Noida and Anandapur.  
Currently our teams have been working tirelessly on several digital transformation projects such 
as implementation of electronic medical records, ERP implementation and improving patient 
experience through website and apps. We are quite excited with the EMR project specifically, 
as it would further strengthen our core belief of, Care For Good, for all our patients, enabling 
quicker access to health care records and faster diagnosis and treatment.  
During the quarter, we commissioned several medical programs and further strengthened 
medical infrastructure at various facilities. These include launch of a state-of-art lung transplant 
clinic and pulmonary medicine unit at Fortis Jaipur, bone marrow transplant unit at Fortis Mohali 
and Fortis Faridabad, a new Linac at Fortis Mulund and also robot at Fortis BG Road, a neuro 
navigation system at Fortis Amritsar and a new Cath lab at Fortis Mohali.  
Commensurate with our medical program expansion, we continue to attract high-quality clinical 
talent. We have onboarded clinicians in the speciality of cardiac, oncology, neurosciences and 
gastroenterology during this quarter.  
On the diagnostics side, though the business was impacted due to decline in COVID volumes, 
adjusting for the COVID revenues, non-COVID revenues have grown 5.3% versus Q2 of 
financial year '22 and 5.6% versus quarter 1 of financial year '23. Additionally, if we look at H1 
financial year '23, non-COVID revenues grew by 15.5% versus the corresponding previous 
period.  
On SRL, our focus is on strengthening the business' growth drivers by expanding our geographic 
footprint and channel network with further additions of stat labs and customer touch points. 
Anand will take you through more of the details in a short while. 
On the balance sheet, we remained quite healthy with a net debt-to-EBITDA of 0.44x versus 
0.74x for Q2 financial year '22. Our net debt stands at INR 565 crores as of September 30, 2020 
and our debt-equity mix allows us the flexibility to leverage our balance sheet to further our 
growth objectives.  
With that, I would like to end my comments, reiterating to all of you that we remain steadfastly 
committed towards our growth path in order to further our operational performance and create 
longer-term value for all the shareholders. Thank you. 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
And with this, I would like to hand over to Anand for his comments on the diagnostics business. 
Anand K.: 
Thank you, Dr. Raghuvanshi. A very good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you for 
joining us today. On behalf of SRL Diagnostics, I warmly welcome you all for our Q2 FY '23 
Results Conference Call. I hope all of you and your families are safe and in good health. 
During the quarter, we reported a revenue of INR 351 crores, with 95% of our revenues coming 
from non-COVID testing. Our EBITDA stands at INR 73 crores with a margin of 21% for Q2 
FY '23. We conducted 10 million tests in the quarter and serviced over 4.3 million patients. 
While COVID-related testing and volumes have slumped as predicted, we are witnessing an 
uptick in non-COVID volumes across our network.  
SRL's B2C-B2B revenue mix stands at 55 to 45, consistent with our Q1 ratio. Our non-COVID 
revenue growth stands at 5% in Q2 FY '23 versus Q2 of FY '22 and at 6% versus the trailing 
quarter Q1 FY '23. Non-COVID revenue grew by 16%, approximately, in H1 FY '23 compared 
to H1 of FY '22.  
In a post-pandemic setting, we are witnessing a heightened wellness consciousness amongst 
customers and this reflects in our preventive portfolio, which has grown 21% in terms of revenue 
over Q2 of FY '22. Keeping in line with our network expansion strategy, we have added 207 
new customer touch points in Q2 of FY '23. And our customer touch point-per-lab ratio now 
stands at 18.6 compared to 12.1 in the corresponding Q2 FY 2022.  
Our new customer experience initiatives, including WhatsApp chatbots and live phlebotomist 
tracking feature, have received a good response from our patients we service through our home 
collection network. On the people front, we completed more than 1,300 man days of training in 
Q2 FY '23.  
In the last few years, SRL has progressed to bring many tailor-made competency enhancement 
programs. Training, learning and development continues to be one of our priority areas. Over 
the years, we have built strong learning and development functions at SRL, where we manage 
more than 90% learning interventions internally.  
We use technology for learning enforcement as well as talent assessment through learning 
management systems and assessment tools. We are working relentlessly on building the 
organization as a great place to work and we have significantly progressed on our overall NPS 
score and going ahead strong on being the preferred employer in the diagnostic industry.  
Our state-of-the-art reference laboratory at SRL Mumbai has been reaccredited by College of 
American Pathologists USA. This is a testament to our continued focus and commitment to next-
generation diagnostic services. We will continue to focus on expanding our network in priority 
and expansion cities and focus on continuously improving our customer experience across all 
our network. 
Our NPS score for patients remained consistent at 78. On the scientific side, we will continue 
our concerted efforts in the chronic diseases category; lifestyle diseases; preventive health care 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
category; and our specialized portfolio that comprises autoimmune diseases, transplant 
technologies, infectious diseases and oncology. Our genomics portfolio revenue grew by 27% 
in Q2 FY '23 compared to Q2 '22. Our sustained focus on genomics and next-generation 
diagnostics, along with our work in digital technology, will help us differentiate ourselves and 
also enable us to reach maturity. Thank you very much for your attention. I would like to now 
hand over the call to Mr. Anurag Kalra, head of our investor relations. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you, Anand. Ladies and gentlemen, we shall now open the floor for question-and-
answers. Inba, please moderate that. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Nuvama. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Just on the hospital business. I still see that 20% of revenue come from CGHS, government, 
PSUs and ECHS, so I assume the bed contribution will be even higher than this. So now that 
you have a good 70% type occupancy going forward, do you see this number coming down quite 
a bit and what we should expect in the coming years. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes, I will take this question. Vivek this side. So you are absolutely right. There is opportunity 
here to change the payer mix in our favor in some of our hospitals where the potency level is 
quite high, but it will be very selective. It will not be like across the board. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure, but your TPA plus, I think, cash is around 70%, 72%-odd, so should we expect it should 
remain at these levels going forward? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
So the payer will go for TPA care and the international business. And the other business will 
scheme business will come down. 
Kunal Randeria: 
And one just quick one on diagnostics: The 5% non-COVID year-on-year growth is slightly 
lower than what some of the players have reported. So just wondering and especially since 
you've added a lot of touch points in the last few quarters. So just wondering the kind of growth 
momentum that you expect, especially considering the kind of competition that you are seeing 
in this industry. 
Anand K. 
So thank you. This is Anand here. Usually the Q2 is the best quarter for the year for diagnostics. 
And what we see here is primarily because last year, because of COVID, we see a lot of testing 
happening, especially around hospitals. So what we calculate as COVID and COVID allied tests 
is just a few tests related to COVID, but as you know, during the second quarter of last year, 
there's a lot of hospitalization that happened. 
And the testing momentum also increased at that time, so maybe it will not be the right 
comparison between Q2 and Q2 of this year in terms of non-COVID as well, but at the same 
time, we internally for us we also have a situation where we had Himachal Pradesh PPP project 
which we were running last year. We've been running it for the last eight years, so we have the 
contract ended this year, so it was part of Q2, but Q2 of last year, but it's not part of Q2 of this 
year. So that has also contributed to it. If you adjust for that, our growth will be close to about 
9%. 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take a next question from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Dr. Raghuvanshi, on the hospital network expansion, we've talked about 300- to 400-bed per-
annum addition over the next two to four years. Now two things, one is, a, this entire expansion 
is going to be brownfield or are we looking at is there any element of greenfields in this 
expansion? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
This entire expansion is brownfield. It is within the given hospitals, but at some places we have 
to construct a fresh tower. And in certain places, we already have the civil construction done and 
only the interior work needs to be done. So it's a mix of both, but essentially this is all in the 
category of brownfield. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And this will typically, what, a 50 lakh, 60 lakh per bed sort of expansion cost for further 
expansion? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So on a blended basis, the entire thing would come to about 80 lakhs per bed. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Despite it being like a brownfield sort of expansion. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. But because you see, we will also be enhancing and upgrading equipment and larger 
diagnostic equipment, then imaging equipment will also be enhanced along with it because, as 
the capacity of these hospitals will increase, we will need a lot of other medical equipment as 
well. So compared to kind of a greenfield which would easily be about 1.5 crores, this is 
definitely much less than that. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And in terms of the expansion that we're undertaking, is it fair to assume that bulk of it will be 
coming in what you call Tier 1 town and metros? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes, but majority of this is in NCR and in Bangalore and Mumbai and in Kolkata. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And if I just push that: On the operating facilities which are there that we have right now, beyond 
this expansion that we will undertake over the next three, four years or adopt, how much more 
can we add from a brownfield capacities on our existing network? I mean, if you were to 
hypothetically just stretch it out maximum, how much more can we do on the existing facilities 
in general? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
So other than the planned 1,300 beds which we have given a kind of time lines for, another 700 
beds more could be added further. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
So approximately about 2,000 beds on the current network. And thereon, our expansion would 
be largely has to be on newer assets, whether we buy something out or we do some greenfield. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
That's correct. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And sir, in the metrics that we've discussed, on the hospital-wide improvement, if you can 
probably just shed some light on which have been the more notable movements in this quarter. 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
There has been some movement in the lower-tier hospitals, lower-profitability hospitals, which 
have reduced in this quarter. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So there is improvement, overall improvement, as you have seen, overall improvement, in 
the profitability of all the hospitals. And the hospital from the lower table has moved to the upper 
table. Anurag will -- able to explain... 
Anurag Kalra: 
Yes. So Nitin, just to give you some examples. In the highest bracket, we've added BG Road, 
which was one level lower. We've added Anandapur, which was one level lower. Mohali 
continues to be in the higher bracket. In the next category, we've added a few more hospitals, 
like Faridabad and Ludhiana. So those are the ones that have been doing well, but overall, if you 
were to just look at it in a synopsis basis when you look at FY '22, the topmost bracket added 
some about 700-odd beds. Today, the topmost brackets have about 1,170-odd beds. So that gives 
you a very good indication of how we are moving up level to level. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And Anurag, of the hospitals which are there in the lower two tiers, any sort of outlook on that? 
There's another 1,000 beds which are there in that less than 10%, 15% bracket; and specifically 
700-odd beds in the less than 10% bracket. How are we looking at these assets? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So if I can answer this question. So there are a couple of hospitals which are already showing 
very good sign of improvement. We have discussed in every call like, FEHI and Jaipur are in 
this category, which are definitely showing very good sign of improvement. And we have 
planned how to improve it further. Maybe some more investment may be required. Maybe, some 
more speciality, we may be able to add to these hospitals. 
And those type of plan are work in progress. And with that, these hospitals we may reach to 
15%-plus EBITDA margin category, but that will take some time. And the other hospital in this 
chain are two in yes, Chennai, which we have one is a sort of new hospital. And the ramp-up is 
taking some time, but the team is working very hard to improve that ramp-up there. And other 
is Malar, where the progress is improving but at a slow pace. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And sir, I mean, it's fair to expect that, of the six hospital which are there in this 10 lower than 
15% bracket, all goes to plan. Or we should have probably this number should halve as we go 
forward in the coming quarters. More than it should be probably 2 or 3 hospitals which probably 
more than 2 or 3 hospitals going forward?. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Not coming quarter but yes. Maybe, in the medium term, we can sort them with a 1 year to 1.5 
years time. We can expect that or at least that we have a plan to move to above 15%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just first, on the guidance for occupancy. Dr. Raghuvanshi, you said that we have touched 70% 
and we would like to progress toward 75%, so despite some seasonal Q3 may be slower, but just 
what are the drivers of this, Dr. Raghuvanshi, in terms of is it that you are seeing more and more 
speciality? Is it international patients? Is it market share gains? If you could help us understand. 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
And NCR, clearly at least one of the key reasons for you. There is quite a lot of supply also 
coming, so how do you kind of embed that into your outlook as well? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. Shyam, as I have said many times before that as far as the additional capacity which is 
coming across in the region and NCR, that will get very easily absorbed. And that is not of 
concern because there is a little bit of demand-supply gap in this season. It's of a huge internal. 
So the main driver for us will be volumes coming because of the addition of clinical talents. As 
I mentioned, we have added quite a bit of talent in last quarter, and as they start getting stabilized, 
that would be one of the drivers. 
And international definitely have been showing continuous improvement. It has come to a good 
level now. It is in absolute terms, it is a little better than pre-COVID levels, but since our 
domestic numbers have grown, so as a percentage of overall revenue, it is still at about 8.5%. So 
that is likely to go about 10%, 12% as well. So that will be another driver for growth as well. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
That's helpful, Dr. Raghuvanshi. So the second thing I saw was your speciality mix. Surgical 
revenues have grown 24%, just calculating it from your pie charts, but something like oncology 
has grown like 50%. So what are we doing here? Maybe there's a base effect. I don't know, but 
I'm just saying -- which are the speciality mix that you think you will continue to see further 
traction? 
Moderator: 
Sir, it looks like the management's line is disconnected. Ladies and gentlemen, we request you 
to please remain connected while we join them back. Please do not disconnect your lines. We'll 
call the management right away. Mr. Srinivasan, I think you will have to repeat your question. 
[Technical Difficulty] 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
My second question was just on the speciality mix. So if I were to just do simple math on using 
numbers of the speciality mix, onco revenues have grown 50% roughly. And when I look at 
overall growth, it's 18%, so I just want to understand how we are achieving this. And it can this 
kind of sustain the kind of growth we are seeing in some of the higher-growing specialities? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So onco growth specifically. As we had stated about two years back, that onco is a area 
where we are focusing. And we had acquired some talent. Plus, we had created some facilities. 
Like, for example, in BG Road, we did not have oncology earlier. We added there two years 
back and many other infrastructure things we have done in the oncology segment, so we expect 
that oncology will continue to show higher growth for at least another one year or so. And that 
would be sort of then stabilized to a much, yes, more regular rate of growth. Other than that, the 
other core specialities which we have been focusing on, those also have grown significantly, but 
oncology definitely will remain a focus area. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes. Just the third question is on margins. You used to call out the losses at Arcot Road, so can 
you quantify that? And just to Mr. Vivek's question on slower progress in terms of ramp-up, if 
you could clarify that also, please, in terms of how long we think a breakeven at Arcot Road 
could happen? 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. If I can take this question, Shyam. I mean Arcot Road's performance actually has not 
improved, if we compare with the last quarter. So it is incurring EBITDA negative of around 
INR 8 crores per quarter, and that is continuing. And that is primarily contributed because we 
are not able to ramp-up the facility, the occupancy there. And main reason, we have discussed 
earlier also. There is some construction work going on, some bridges going, just in front of the 
hospital which is upsetting the patient flow. And that is the main reason. And then I think we 
are also building the clinical talent there. We are also spending some money on the advertisement 
and other things. Just to highlight this, this facility is very good facility, state of the art. And all 
other parameters, it is very good, but I think, just because of the this obstruction, I think the 
patient flow is affected our team is working. And with regard to your second question by when 
we expect it to be EBITDA positive -- at least not bleeding, at least, for us, we are expecting in 
next six-months time, it will be in this range. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
In 12 months, you're saying, Mr. Vivek? 
Vivek Goyal: 
 
Six months, Shyam. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Six months. Okay. Last question is on SRL, Mr. Anand, just one on you talked about 9% when 
we, growth for non-COVID if we exclude the government contracts. So if you could also help 
us understand the split between volume and price for that, sir? Thank you. 
Anand K: 
Thank you, Shyam. So in terms of contribution, if you see, it was about 4% of our revenue in 
Q2 of FY '22, the HP PPP contract. And largely it was more of a, since it was a government 
contract, the volumes were quite high. And ARPT was quite low. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
No, sir. My question was different. I was saying, excluding that, you talked about your growth 
in non-COVID for Q2 this quarter versus last year was 9%, so I'm looking for the split of that 
into volume and price? 
Anand K: 
It's about, just a second. Let me look at it. So our ARPT has grown by about 8% on the H1, but 
it's a sort of a mix of volume and ARPT growth, which a larger contributor on the ARPT side. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
So Anand, safe to assume some low single-digit volume growth, right? So when can this kind 
of improve, right? And I don't think it's only for you, right? Everybody else is struggling for 
volume growth, would that be competition, especially in semi-specialized tests driving this? Or 
you think patient footfalls into even your B2C have been slower than usual? 
Anand K: 
So in our case, as I told you, it is primarily because of the HP PPP which was very high in 
volume. So with that, the volume was very high, but the ARPT was really low. So that is why 
we are seeing the growth here as higher ARPT and lower volume growth. But as if you're see, 
separately, if you you're seeing, we are seeing good growth on the B2C segment as well. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Anand, sorry to persist, but I'm completely removing HP PPP product in both your Q2 last year 
and Q2 this year, okay? Let's assume, I'm not even talking about that business at all. And you 
then look at the non, whatever, right, just the business which is non that, and you said it's 9% 
growth. So that is what I was trying to dissect. I'm not even looking at this project, this 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
government project. And there, when I, when you do the math, you suggested about low single-
digit volume growth for that business, so, and my question is simple, right? What is, why is that 
growth slower? And it's not only for you, right? Everybody seems to be facing this issue, so 
that's where the question is coming from more? 
Anand K: 
So I think it is more to do with the higher revenues during the Q2 of FY '22 driven by COVID. 
Even though we calculate only COVID and COVID allied tests, only four tests of COVID is 
considered as COVID allied tests, but as you know, during last Q2, there were a lot of drive into 
hospitals. And a lot of testing happened on multiple parameters, not just IL-6, D-dimer, CRP, 
those kind of COVID allied tests. A lot of other tests also happened, so that has boosted the 
volume during that time in a much bigger way. So I think it's too early for us to really look at 
any trends on this at this point of time. I think we'll have to allow another one or two quarters to 
settle on how exactly this growth is turning out to be. 
Moderator: 
 
Our next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from Elara Capital. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sorry if this may be a repeat question, but I'm just going through your hospital margin metric. 
So if I look at the category of EBITDA margin for your hospital which falls in the 10% to 20% 
bracket, I mean, and occupancy has surged to around 70%, 72%, but I mean it's still remain in 
this margin bracket itself, so apart from occupancy, we wanted to know. What will be the other 
factors which you guys are working upon to improve the margin in these hospital beds? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So it is a good question. So apart from the occupancy, we are very well working in 
improving our payer mix, which I have covered in my earlier comments, where we are trying to 
reduce the scheme business to the extent possible and increase the share of TPA, cash and 
international business which are high-margin business for us. Secondly, we are also trying to 
improve the speciality mix also in our favor by adding more speciality by investing in 
infrastructure, in the form of equipment and things like that. So those are the state ones. And 
thirdly, we are also working on the margins. So we do come out with some margins and cost-
optimizing things where we can maximize the productivity and things like that. So all those 
things will lead to this improvement in the margins. 
Moderator: 
 
Our next question is from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Dr. Raghuvanshi, my question is regarding our brand that is our parent's strength. That is IHH 
worldwide. They are into personalized care ranging from primary to ordinary and even some 
ancillary offerings. So how in India we compare ourselves with the par treatment to our patients. 
And is there any scope to add more to our offerings and profiles? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So Sanjay, we are getting a lot of support, and we are using our, a lot of synergies with 
IHH, especially regarding the quality. So we participate in that global quality program. Quality 
benchmarks and metrics are followed on regular monthly basis across the entire IHH network, 
so the best practices of, on clinical quality and other innovative initiatives is shared across the 
network, including with Fortis, so that is one big advantage. Another thing which I had briefly 
mentioned during my statement is about the electronic medical record which we are working 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
along with the IHH folks to implement across our Fortis network, which will help us to improve 
the speed with which we can deliver discharges and medical records to our patients. And also it 
will help during the treatment and diagnostic post the fact. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So sir, over and above these digital, that EMR what we are talking, do we have any surgical side 
or any other in-patient care which we can offer and which we are right now not offering in India 
and have a scope to expand that in India? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
So generally we have all these areas being offered in India as well. So there are no specific 
surgical facilities, but however, in oncology, especially on the CAR T cell therapy and proton 
therapy, we are coordinating with them so that, some of our patients who may be wanting for 
proton therapy, we can refer them to Singapore for doing that. So that kind of collaborations are 
also in place. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Sir, my last question was regarding this EMR, what you mentioned, so is there any regulatory 
binding and regulatory rules which we need to understand on this EMR? Is that EMR only for 
our hospitals, our records? Or even we come to share with a patient also? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So the EMRs, of course, are patients' property. The record, medical record, of an individual 
patient is something which is patient's property. However, we manage it, so there is the national 
guidelines which are there. And there are certain requirements for keeping it interoperable so 
that it can be transported from one provider to the other. So it is absolutely compliant to the 
guidelines which have been issued, yes. 
Moderator: 
 
Our next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investments. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sorry. I joined a little later, so this question, if you just answered, can you repeat, please? Sir, 
like in diagnostics, we have some government business, so do we have any kind of such 
obligation in our hospital business where we have to provide them at concessional rate and 
which, over a period, we may reduce so it can help us to improve the profitability? 
Vivek Goyal: 
No. Except, in FEHI, we have 25 beds dedicated for EWS. I don't know, I don't think there is 
any of this facility where, no. Apart from FEHI, we don't have any obligation at any of our 
facilities to take government business, government patient provide free service or concession-
grade service. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And second question, sir, on these hub-and-spoke several-tier institution. I mean companies are 
going in hub and spoke more, say, for Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. So do we have any kind of such 
aspiration, or is that clearly a profitable business or make a business case? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So we have stayed away from that because there are challenges in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities on 
the operations side. Typically these markets are very price sensitive and clinical talent doesn't 
come by so easily over there, so we have not selectively gone for that, but however, if there is 
in future something which is very synergistic to our larger cluster in a metro city, we will 
consider that on case-to-case basis, but not on a standalone basis, we are not looking at that. 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
And last question, on diagnostics side, sir. How do we really plan to ramp up our facilities as 
well as, I mean, our geographic diversification? 
Anand K: 
So we are actually adding, as you know, we are probably having the best equitable distribution 
of our business across all geographies, but we continue to add, expand our network through our 
focus city expansion plan as well as adding more collection centers. So we have added, even in 
this quarter, we have added up to 207 customer touch points. So similar, that is a way we are 
expanding in hub-and-spoke model, where we are adding more reference, adding kind of more 
regional reference laboratories and then stat labs to complement that as well as collection centers 
to expand it further. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And sir, recently there is an interview of our parent company where they have suggested that 
they may change the Fortis name to Parkway because of the kind of, I mean, obligation. I mean 
this brand belongs to the erstwhile promoter. So will it have any kind of, I mean, what are we 
doing to promote this new brand or, if at all, that will really can have a kind of a, say, 
cannibalization or... 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So we had earlier also made it, an announcement that we will consider changing the name 
to Parkway. So that definitely remains something which we are continuing to evaluate. You are 
right that brand change always carries a certain amount of risk and expense as well, but there are 
certain constraints around the brand which is owned by the ex-promoters. But since the area, 
there are still some clarifications we need to seek from a legal point of view, so this is some time 
away, but this is definitely our preference, to consider a change in brand, after careful evaluation. 
But this valuation is to be done further to decide finally as to how to go about it and when to 
time it. So certainly, the moment those clarities emerge, we will make the proper announcement. 
Moderator: 
 
We'll take our next question from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from WhiteOak Capital. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So I'm not sure if you already answered, but you were explaining the downstream, a potential 
immediately of 1,300 beds. Have you been searching a patient like Bangalore, Mumbai and 
Calcutta, but is there a more granular breakup that you have given, like what would be the capex 
slated in the next few years and which cluster the beds will be? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So as mentioned earlier, so this bed extension is on our existing hospital only and all are in 
metro. So major expansion is happening in the NCR region, yes, but followed by Bombay and 
Calcutta and Bangalore also. Bangalore... 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Can you give numbers also, sir, if possible? Like how many beds in NCR? How many in 
Bombay? And how many in Calcutta? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So 50% of the bed expansion is coming in the NCR region. And Bangalore, we are 
expanding around 200 beds, and Calcutta around another 200 beds. And Mumbai, we have 
already completed the construction. We are waiting for the OC. We have partly operationalized 
the beds. So total expansion of 110 beds. out of that, 45 has already been operationalized. And 
Kolkata, I've already calls, yes. These are the places where we are doing the major expansion. 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
And the 50%, the bigger expansion in NCR, what is the time line for commissioning on those 
beds? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Well, look, these include expanding the capacity in three of our major big hospital in NCR, 
which include FMRI, Shalimar Bagh and Noida. So there we are expanding bed capacity by 
almost 170 to 200 beds in each location, plus there is a 60 bed expansion which is underway in 
Faridabad, yes. So Faridabad expansion is underway, it's may be completed in a year time. 
However, the other three expansion, we have submitted the drawing to the authorities. For one 
hospital in Noida, we have already got all the approval and construction work will be started 
post this NGT inspection has removed. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So probably like the bigger one will be in NCR, where probably commissioning is probably like 
18 to 24 months away, is that a fair assumption... 
Management: 
 
Yes, that's correct, absolutely. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Sir, second question is in terms of the regulatory from the Supreme court order and other things. 
Can you just clarify like what all you're allowed to do? Like name change, as per the interview 
in the media, understanding, name change, you're allowed. Capital structure and shareholding 
change in the listed entity, is that allowed? What is allowed and what is not allowed? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So as we are still evaluating the legal position, and our lawyers are working on that. Some 
of the areas are very clear that there is no restriction, like brand, as you mentioned, but as far as 
the other areas are concerned, those, still some clarity has standby. Regarding open offer, of 
course, it is a matter which IHH needs to clarify with the authorities. And then based on that, 
they will be making the necessary steps what they need to take. As far as Fortis is concerned, 
we definitely don't have much effect of this on our operations. The only areas which we are to 
wait for is the clarity on the RHT transaction we'll, about the court will take a decision. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
No. What I meant was, let's say for example, if you want to buy an asset, M&A, and issue your 
shares as currency, will that be allowed, or that also will not be allowed? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
So share as currency is, we don't think, is allowed at the moment, but we do have capacity to 
look at some other smaller acquisitions which we will evaluate. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So change in capital structure and shareholding is not allowed. And the last question is on this, 
I mean the EBITDA margin profile based on number of beds. So there are five hospitals, with 
716 beds, which are less than 10% EBITDA. One obviously is the Arcot Road, which are the 
other assets? Because they will have been operational for a while. So is there a structural issue 
that these hospitals, can you identify some of these hospitals? And what is the issue with these 
hospitals that they are less than 10% EBITDA? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So out of these five, six hospital, Arcot Road and I have explained in detail what is the 
problem there some sign of improvement, but at the same time, the progress is slightly slow 
because the fix, they are required some long-term fix in the form of infrastructure improvement 
and things like that, getting the Fire NOC. All those things are required, which is likely time 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
consuming, something is in our hands which we are trying to complete and something we have 
told get it done through the government agencies. 
As regards Jaipur and FEHI's, both are progressing quite well in terms of occupancy as well as 
in the -- and margins. And in both the hospital, we also feel that there is an opportunity to add 
further state facilities. So that is something which we are in the, on the exploration stage, and 
once we complete it, I think that will give a further boost to the margin expansion of both these 
hospitals. 
The large hospital in this category is the Vashi hospital, a sizable hospital in this category, which 
is, again, having its own challenge because of a specific area where there will be some hospital 
being operated, and there are infrastructure related issue also and it is a government hospital and 
we are operating it. So that hospital is also slightly slow in improving the progress. So I think... 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So it will have been operational for a while. So you are saying we don't have the full stack of 
specialities. That is the reason why it has been slower... 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. For example, Onco is not there in Jaipur, and it is at a very good location, there is a bed 
capacity available to expand. So those type of things, we are exploring. 
Moderator: 
 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. 
Amit Khetan: 
So your press release mentioned, talked about portfolio rationalization and inorganic expansion 
going to be drivers of operational performance. Could you elaborate a little bit on both these 
aspects, especially in light of the supreme court judgment? Are we ready to press ahead on both 
these levers? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So we are moving ahead on both these levers. Brownfield expansion, anyway, the capex 
requirement is quite less. And as you have seen, the cash flow generation from the business is 
quite handsome to take care of this brownfield expansion of its own, and as mentioned in Dr. 
Raghuvanshi's speech also, the leverage ratio is quite comfortable. Our debt level, net debt level, 
is INR 500 crores-plus level. It is less than half of the one-year EBITDA, so that gives us 
confidence that we can very well fund it by a little bit leveraging our balance sheet, so we are 
actively pursuing the acquisition opportunity which makes sense for our overall growth strategy. 
Amit Khetan: 
 
So should we expect some kind of strategic action over the next six to 12 months? 
Vivek Goyal: 
I mean these deals are very difficult to predict, but yes, our aspiration will be to close that in 
during this period. 
Amit Khetan: 
 
And this holds true for both, for portfolio rationalization as well. 
Vivek Goyal: 
 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the floor back to the 
management for closing comments. 

 
 
 
  
 
       
                     Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you, Inba. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us on the call today. 
Gaurav and myself are available, in case you have any further clarification or queries, please 
feel free to reach out to us or e-mail us. Thank you very much. And have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Fortis Healthcare, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
