Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
 
 
5th Floor, Sunteck Centre, 37-40 Subhash Road, Vile Parle (East), Mumbai 400057. Tel: +91 22 4287 7800 Fax: +91 22 4287 7890  
Website: www.sunteckindia.com CIN: L32100MH1981PLC025346    Email Id: cosec@sunteckindia.com 
 
 
Date: 18th November, 2022 
 
SRL/SE/58/22-23                                                                              
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Symbol: SUNTECK 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 512179 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call on Q2 FY23 results and Business Updates 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in furtherance to our letter dated 11th 
November, 2022, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on Q2 FY 
23 results and Business Updates. The said transcript is also being uploaded on the 
website of the Company. This can be accessed at the link below: 
 
https://www.sunteckindia.com/pdf/investor-relations/financial/2023/Q2/Conference-
Call-Transcript.pdf 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
 
 
Rachana Hingarajia 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
 
RACHANA 
VIPUL 
HINGARAJIA
Digitally signed by RACHANA VIPUL HINGARAJIA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=72ec7dfb9fea1a0574f002f49a00ed75cab0
b73f25e381f3c8a70aa591994365, 
postalCode=400092, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=84fb0343f899d281c42150f1017373b
4b0caa31f43f0cc1dbcd4cd0b2db5a0bc, 
cn=RACHANA VIPUL HINGARAJIA, l=MUMBAI, 
pseudonym=163add931b4e4df5a3d914ba52cde24
6, email=RACS26@GMAIL.COM 
Date: 2022.11.18 15:59:53 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Sunteck Realty Limited H1 FY23 & Q2 FY-23 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMAL KHETAN – CHAIRMAN & MD, SUNTECK 
REALTY LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT CHAUBEY – CFO, SUNTECK REALTY 
LIMITED 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Sunteck Realty’s Earnings Conference Call for 
H1 FY23 and Q2 FY23. We have with us today, Mr. Kamal Khetan – the Chairman and 
Managing Director of the company and Mr. Prashant Chaubey – the Chief Financial Officer. 
Please note this call will be for 45 minutes and for the duration of the conference call, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. This conference is being recorded and the 
transcript for the same maybe put up on the website of the company. After the management’s 
discussion, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. There is a Q&A session. We 
request to restrict questions to two per participant. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note this conference is being recorded. 
Before I hand the conference over to the management, I would like to remind you that certain 
statements made during the course of this call may not be based on historical information or 
facts and maybe forward-looking statements including those related to general business 
statements, plans and strategy of the company, its future financial condition and growth 
prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on the expectations and projections and 
may involve the number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, 
opportunities and growth potential to differ materially from those suggested by such statements.  
Now I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Khetan – the Chairman and Managing 
Director of the company. Thank you and over to you, sir!  
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you for joining Sunteck Realty second quarter and first half earning call for Financial 
Year 2023. Hope each one of you and your family are safe and healthy. 
In the first half of 2023, we have achieved a strong growth in both presales and collections. This 
continued strong operational performances has enabled us to generate close to Rs. 225 crores of 
operating cash flow surplus which further makes the balance sheet more stronger taking the 
negligible net debt equity ratio from 0.18 to 0.15. On a cumulative basis since financial year ‘21, 
we have generated close to Rs. 750 crores of operating cash flow surplus. I'm happy to inform 
that all our existing growth engines namely Sunteck City at ODC Goregaon West, Sunteck 
World at Naigaon and Sunteck Beach Residences at Vasai West are throwing positive cash flows 
on a sustained basis. Now on the execution front construction is in full swing at all our ongoing 
projects.  
In the second quarter, we have leveraged one of our core strength of business development by 
acquiring approximately 7.25 acres of land parcel in the posh location at Beverly Park Mira 
Road in western suburbs of MMR. We intend to develop this close to 2.5 million sq ft of 
luxurious residences along with premium retail in this location. Now since past 2.5 years we 
have acquired approximately 25.5 million sq ft across micro-market of MMR and this is our 
company's best ever performance. Our endeavor is to maintain this momentum going forward.  

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
I'm very proud of the team that we have built at Sunteck in the last 15 years and we are laser 
focused on strengthening it further. I will now handover the call to our CFO Mr. Prashant 
Chaubey for his comments. Thereafter I will be happy to answer your questions if any. Over to 
you Prashant.  
Prashant Chaubey: 
Thank you Sir, Good evening, everyone and thank you once again for joining us today and taking 
out your valuable time for this conference call. The financial and operational numbers have 
already been published on the stock exchanges. I believe all of you must have gone through the 
same.  
Now I would like to highlight the key financial and business performance numbers. Our pre 
sales grew by 24% year-on-year in Quarter 2 FY23 to Rs. 337 compared to Rs. 272 in Quarter. 
2 of FY22, collections grew by 60% year-on-year to Rs. 331 crores in Quarter 2 FY23 compared 
to Rs. 207 crores in Quarter 2 FY22. For the first half similarly, the presales grew by 49% and 
the collections grew by 63%. With respect to the financial highlights, we have reported a 
consolidated revenue of 224 crores in the first half of FY23 and our operating cash flows surplus 
stands at Rs. 225 crores for H1 FY23. We can now open the forum for questions from the 
participants. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press * and 1 on the touchtone telephone if you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while 
asking the questions. Ladies and Gentlemen we request you to limit your questions to 2 per 
participants. If you have more questions please join the queue of fresh. We will wait for moment 
while the queue assembles. We have a first question from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay 
with ICICI Securities, please go ahead. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Good evening everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. I've got a couple of questions I'll ask 
them together. Firstly, can you just tell us about what is the approval status of the upcoming 
project especially Borivali and Kalyan and the new Mira Road project we have acquired if you 
could should give us some contours on when we could see the launches over there. Secondly, 
the more longer-term strategy question. In your slide, I am referring the slide I think #28 or #29 
of your presentation. You have given a proposed launch pipeline of 7.5 million sq ft over the 
next 18 months and I think which is worth well over 6,000 crores, the potential sale value of that 
inventory. Plus, I think we have over 2,000 crores of one unsold inventory across our ongoing 
projects. That gives us over (+8,000) crores of inventory to sell. Considering that where do you 
see the company's overall annual sales bookings growing in the next 2 to 3 years and the visibility 
for this year for the 1,800 crores sales credits. That's it from my side, thank you. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Good evening Adhidev Thanks for asking this question. So, approval of obviously various 
projects. We have all acquired this project recently in last 1-1.5 year. The three projects which 
you namely said Borivali, Shahad in Kalyan and the third one I think Mira Road which we 
recently acquired just few months back. Obviously, we are aggressively, our liasioning team is 
working towards getting the approval along with the landlords because in all of these three 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
projects getting approval is the responsibility as per the agreement is landlord's responsibility. 
These are all three JDA projects. However, our team is putting the best effort in partnership with 
our landlords to get these approvals ASAP. Although whatever targets we have set for this year 
we are quite confident that we will achieve our presales targets and going forward in future years 
obviously with the new launches and all this coming up, I think we will be taking the sales, 
exponential growth you will see in the sales. That's what we have been seeing quarter-over-
quarter if you look at it. Coming to the what you have mentioned in the presentation, the 7.5 
million sq ft of launches I think Prashant maybe pitching in. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Thank you sir. So, Hi Adhidev, Prashant this side. As you have seen in the presentation the 
presales target for the company for FY23 is 1,800 crores. The overall target of the company right 
now is to double our presales every 2 to 2.5 years. If you consider that by FY24 we want to reach 
the presales of close to 2,500 crores, that is the target for the company. Now in order to achieve 
that target in the next 18 months, we are looking at these launches, so Kalyan and Vasind we are 
looking at 2 million sq ft of launches. We are looking at in Borivali around 5 lakh sq ft of 
launches, in Mira Road again 5 lakh sq ft of launches and Vasai, Naigaon and ODC Goregaon 
West, these are projects which are already running which are already the existing growth 
engines. In these projects you will keep on seeing new launches happening on a yearly or a 1.5 
year basis. That's why this gives us the confidence that we can launch around 7.5 lakh sq ft by 
the end of FY24. That should help us or enable us so to speak to achieve the target of 2,500 
crores of presales that we have in our goal. That is how this number has come Adhidev. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
So, just one last follow up that this Goregaon ODC or other Naigaon, can we expect to see new 
phases being launched in second half of this year considering that the other projects may take 
some time to get launched? 
Kamal Khetan: 
No. We are pushing simultaneously everything Adhidev. ODC we are launching, we are recently 
planning to launch in fact in couple of weeks not even months, in maybe one or two weeks you 
will see. The higher floors of Fourth Avenue what we have past launched, so the new inventory 
will come in the market for both the towers and then again, we'll do something a new tower 
launch in Vasai. So, Prashant already tried telling you that, again those existing projects from 
where we are already getting the sustenance sales there, you'll see new towers or new floors or 
new inventory coming up in the same project. Those launches will continue to happen for sure 
in the next 6 months. We are very confident at least out of these three projects which you are 
seeing Borivali, Shahad and the Mira Road at least one new project also we are planning to 
launch in next 4 to 5 months. We are pretty much there what we expect our targets to achieve. 
We are pretty much confident about achieving these targets because of all of those projects.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay:    Okay Sir, Thank You and All the Best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank You, We have next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth with Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Hi, Firstly, on launches I will just ask it other way round. Your FY23 presales target is around 
1,800 crores and we have achieved one third of that probably in first half because obviously, we 
would need launches to come up. In terms of your expectations how much launches we would 
need in terms of GDP potential to achieve that presales target? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, Pritesh, very frankly even if we don't do any new launch out of these three, we are pretty 
much there for 1,800 crores looking at our existing portfolio itself. If you see if we do some new 
launches of higher floors of Fourth Avenue in ODC, existing project of Sunteck City and some 
new towers in Vasai West, the SBR project, Sunteck Beach Residences at Vasai and again the 
Naigaon One World whereas 4 to 5 towers which are to be launched the new towers and plus 
there are 4 to 5 towers which we are coming up in the Sunteck Maxxworld as well ,so those two 
launches plus one or two of our commercial projects which are already in construction in full 
swing, Sunteck Crest then Sunteck Pinnacle and then the Sunteck Icon and Sunteck BKC51, out 
of these four projects even if we launch, relaunch one more project once again I think we'll be 
pretty much achieving 1,800 or maybe more than 1,800 crores of the presales for this financial 
year at FY23.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Secondly obviously we don't track it on quarter-on-quarter basis but the P&L revenue decline, 
so where did we have a lower recognition this quarter in terms of any particular projects you 
want to highlight?  
Prashant Chaubey: 
Hi Prashant this side So, Pritesh as I have elaborated in the opening remarks also that the 
company follows project completion method of accounting. So, because of that currently if you 
see, currently the majority of the revenue is coming from Sunteck City and Sunteck WestWorld 
in Naigaon. These are the only two projects which are currently coming into the revenue side 
which you would see of 81 crores for the quarter. Now what is happening is on the expenses 
side, all your revenue expenditure which you incur like sales marketing or brokerage, those 
cannot be deferred. Those have to be amortized immediately in the quarter in which you incur 
them. So, what happens your expenses are for projects whose revenue is not coming, there 
expenses are also getting booked into the P&L. However, revenue is only getting booked in the 
P&L of the projects which are completed. Because of this misnomer you are seeing the EBITDA 
margin to be slightly lower and the PAT also coming significantly lower.  
Kamal Khetan: 
That is only because of the expenditures which are taken ahead of even the booking of the 
revenue of the other project, so due to the consolidation.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Fair enough in terms of margin I understand. But just wanted to understand on why there was a 
lower revenue recognition, so understood that part that Sunteck City in Naigaon had 
comparatively slower sales in this quarter that might have led to this lower recognition. Is it fair 
to assume? 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Just to give you one more data point, if you look at our operating cash flow surplus, so for the 
first half that has come at 225 crores. Now this number is coming in the cash flow statement but 
it is not coming into the P&L. It is not getting amortized as of now. What this shows that going 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
forward in the coming 18 months, you will see our P&L also performing in line with the cash 
flow statement and as more and more projects get launched and executed this anomaly will get 
corrected. It's only a matter of 18 months Pritesh that you have to take it that you have to live 
with. After that things will be much more stable.  
Pritesh Sheth:                        Sure I’ll have couple of more question I’ll join queue again. 
Moderator: 
Thank You, We have next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. First one, if you can give us the breakup of sales between 
ODC and Vasai for the quarter.  
Prashant Chaubey: 
Rahul, I'll give you the number in terms of the breakup of sales Rahul from 4th  Avenue we have 
done close to 200 crores and the balance from SBR we have done close to 75 crores in the current 
quarter. If we look at the first half, in the first half we have done, from Sunteck City we have 
done close to 230 crores and from the Sunteck Beach Residences in Vasai we have done close 
to 300 crores. That's the number for the quarter as well as first half. I will be sharing this excel 
sheet also with you. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay Thanks a lot and second one I think uber luxury projects coming in the market and taking 
off well. So, I just want to know what's your sales strategy, are you planning to look at or relook 
at your sales strategy in BKC? That is still not done. It's not taking up that well as of now. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Rahul, Kamal Khetan here appreciate your question. We are definitely Rahul looking at our sales 
strategy at BKC we are looking and we are quite optimistic. Let's hope the coming quarters, you 
will see some numbers coming there as well.  
Rahul Jain:                            Okay Sir, Thanks 
Kamal Khetan:                      Thank You, Rahul. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to participants to ask the questions. Please press * and 1 to ask the 
question on your touchtone phone now. We have a next question from the line of Parvez Qazi 
with Edelweiss Securities.  
Parvez Qazi: 
Hi Kamal Sir, Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. First question from my side is 
would be great if we can get an update on the construction status for the various commercial 
projects that we have in BKC, ODC and Andheri. The second question for Prashant, what would 
be our unsold inventory currently in ODC, Naigaon and Vasai?  
Kamal Khetan: 
So Parvez Kamal here construction status of our four commercial projects which are ongoing, 
four commercial projects so Sunteck Crest I can say it's almost more than 90% complete. I think 
we will be looking to give the possessions, get the occupation certificate in this quarter or maybe 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
early next quarter and we are looking to book that into the balance sheet means book a revenue, 
take the revenue into the balance sheet P&L. Second is the project obviously at ODC Pinnacle, 
Sunteck Pinnacle where we already sold the lower floors to DMart. Other sales are going as we 
are talking in sustenance mode. We are planning to launch in a big way although in this next 1 
or 1.5-months even that inventory. That we are expecting to complete the project in the next 
financial year FY24. Coming to the BKC51, Sunteck BKC51 at BKC and Sunteck Icon on the 
junction of BKC. Both the projects are again almost more than 80%-85% complete. All the slabs 
are totally RCC structure is fully complete, the facade and the MEP work is going on. Even that 
we are looking to complete the project and get the occupation certificate in next quarter itself. 
Three out of at least four commercial projects we are hopeful to get the occupation certificate in 
this financial year of FY23. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Parvez, Coming to your second question. In terms of sales inventory in Naigaon, in Naigaon we 
have close to around 375 crores worth of inventory which is pending to be sold from the existing 
launches and this does not factor in receivables just to clarify and in ODC we have close to 
around 675 crores of inventory pending to be sold. That's the situation and again I'm clarifying 
this does not include receivables. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
What would be this number for Vasai?  
Prashant Chaubey: 
In Vasai, right now we have launched, whatever we have launched we have already sold. I can 
give you a broad number of what our intention is of launching. If I keep that in mind, I have 
close to around 850 crores worth of inventory which is pending to be sold from my target 
launches which is not currently launched. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
When can we see these launches in Vasai?  
Prashant Chaubey: 
In 1 month. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Great. That’s it from my side and all the best for Future. 
Moderator: 
Thank You, We have next question from the line of Abhinav Sinha with Jefferies. Please go 
ahead.  
Abhinav Sinha: 
So, I have couple of question so one on the project have you seen any impact of the rising 
mortgage rates on demand? I mean is demand holding up well for the affordable segment, there's 
some impact there right now? That’s first and secondly also if you can talk a bit about pricing 
of the various segments and projects?  
Kamal Khetan: 
So Abhinav, regarding the sales there is a good demand momentum. We all know that there is 
sales, residential demand has been quite robust in last 2 years and we see that continue. We see 
the momentum is strong even now across all the segment whether it is affordable, whether it's 
in mid-income as well as the luxury segment. We are not worried about any sales demand means 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
we feel that residential sales demand will continue to remain very strong. Your next question 
Abhinav was? 
Abhinav Sinha: 
It was on pricing but before that can you give me an idea about what percentage of your 
customers take a home loan?  
Kamal Khetan: 
I can tell you approximately off-hand right now. So, obviously when it comes to luxury, super 
luxury which is the product which is above 30-40 crores, there I feel only one-third or less than 
25% of the customer takes loans, what we have seen in the past, what we have experienced and 
in the mid-income segment I can say this goes up till let's say 35%-40% or 50% which goes up. 
When it comes to affordable, it goes to even 65%-70% of the customers, they take loans. I think 
that is what we are seeing in the three segments. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay that’s very helpful sir. My second question was on pricing, if you can talk a bit about that. 
Have you taken up your price in this quarter etc.?  
Kamal Khetan: 
Pricing very frankly if you ask me this quarter obviously, we have not raised much pricing. But 
if I talk to you about pricing in last 1-1.5 years, across all the projects maybe even an affordable 
or mid-income or luxury segment, uber luxury segment, the pricing has gone up. We have taken 
the pricing up by at least let's say 10% to 15% the prices have gone up. 
Abhinav Sinha:                     Thanks for that I will join queue again. 
Kamal Kheatn:                      Thanks Abhinav. 
Moderator: 
Thank You, We have next question from the line of Abhishek Lodhiya with Yes Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Lodhiya: 
Good evening Sir. My question is about the Pen-Khopoli project which we have acquired. So, 
did we start selling over there or what is the status of that project exactly? The plotted 
development? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Abhishek, that project is obviously the land parcel of the Pen-Khopoli what you are talking for 
which we have to do a plotted development mainly and maybe some construction of villas and 
row houses and all those things. That's now at a very initial stage I would say. I cannot comment 
when and what about specially if you ask me specifically about this project, we are not very 
optimistic that when in next one or two quarters we are not looking at doing anything on that.  
Abhishek Lodhiya: 
Okay Sir, Secondly on you have given some color on the commissioning of our commercial 
asset. Have you taken a call on whether we are selling it or leasing it out?  
Kamal Khetan: 
Abhishek, when it comes to Sunteck Crest we have already taken call and we are selling it. So, 
there we have sold quite a good inventory. You must have seen in the pre-sales of last two-three 
quarters. When it comes to Sunteck Pinnacle the second project, there also we have already 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
decided and we have taken a sale model because there we have already sold area worth almost 
100 crores to DMart and then further inventory we are selling slowly on a sustenance  basis and 
right now I told in my call just two questions before, two or three questions before that we will 
be launching it in a proper manner in 1-1.5 months even the further inventory of higher flows in 
Sunteck Pinnacle and that we will be selling it very aggressively. Now coming to the other two 
project which is commercial project Sunteck BKC51 and Sunteck Icon, Sunteck BKC51 we are 
already in talks I can say to lease out the entire building to one of the good corporate and in 
terms of Sunteck Icon very frankly we have not yet decided what we should be doing whether 
we should lease out or whether we should be selling but whatever gets the best value for the 
company we'll take that call because neither we are worried about sales due to any cash flows 
because cash flows are very strong, we don't mind leasing it also. We'll try to maximize the 
value. So, we are just holding on our decision for Sunteck Icon I think that too because the 
building will be ready in next 3 to 4 months with occupation certificate. Before that we'll 
obviously take a call what to do with that. 
Abhishek Lodhiya:               Sure Sir Thank You. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi Shares. 
Please go ahead. 
Prem Khurana: 
First one was I mean if you could share your thoughts on the competition? Why I asked this is 
eventually when I look at residential real estate demand specially in MMR, it's been fairly strong 
for last 2 years now. Would this make some of these people who were earlier in the business but 
then went away because the markets were not doing good. Do you see them to come back or do 
you get to feel as there will be new entrants now; some of these large corporates because of the 
fact when I look at in terms of regulations, its eventually seems that even the loopholes which 
used to be there earlier have been taken away which is where it becomes sense for some of these 
larger corporates to kind of come and participate in the real estate industry now? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Prem, good question. I think we are all seeing a very strong consolidation in the industry so I 
don’t think there is a so due to that consolidation I think we did one of the best acquisitions in 
last 2-2.5 years and which has been I think best ever done by the company. So, I don't see any 
worrying factor about the competition. Competition if it is healthy and which is only good 
corporates are coming, it is only good for I believe for the Sunteck and everybody. I am not 
worried about it and there are n number of players which are compared to one or two players 
entering is always good, new players. I think lot many has vanished away from that system 
which is much better and I think we are very pretty much confident with our strong balance sheet 
and a strong execution track record; we're not worried about any competition coming. 
Prem Khurana: 
Why I want to understand was eventually and what I have been made to understand is or what I 
have learnt over the years is essentially the market or rather the cycle tends to go bad not because 
by demand goes down substantially but essentially because of the fact that you get to have 
oversupply situation and there'll be someone who would give in and would start cutting prices 
and which comes to impact the demand because as an end user if I'm buying a property and I get 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
November 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
to read in the media that the price is supposed to go down; there could be a situation wherein  I 
defer my purchase. I want to understand competition more from that side, wherein do you get to 
feed and there will be more launches and there could be an oversupply situation or you don't get 
to see that situation at least in the immediate future? That will be all from my side. Thank you.  
Kamal Khetan: 
Prem, I can only say that obviously there may be a situation, maybe after 2 years, maybe after 3 
years, maybe after 4 years at one point of time there may be oversupply or something but I don't 
think Prem we should be worried about that. In Sunteck has grown in last 15 years with most of 
the headwinds in the industry. We have grown the company when most of the companies have 
not been able to survive or could even manage to stay in these tough times with the headwinds 
in the sector. We have grown ourselves in this segment, in this sector with the headwinds. I am 
pretty confident that going forward if anything, any such situation comes your company is strong 
enough to take that as a competition or anything as a challenge. 
Prem Khurana: 
Thank you and all the very best to you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would like to turn the conference 
back over to the Chairman and Managing Director Mr. Khetan for closing remarks. Over to you 
sir.  
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you all for taking out the time from your busy schedule today. In case if any of your 
queries have been left unanswered, you can get in touch with me or my team. We look forward 
to your continued support. Thank you once again for joining us today and please be safe. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Sunteck Realty that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may disconnect your lines.  
