4___WA BAG 
An ISO 9001 Company 
November 18, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Bandra Kuria Complex, 
Dalai Street, 
Bandra (C), Mumbai — 400 051 
Mumbai — 400 001 
NSE Symbol: WABAG 
BSE_Scrip Code: 533269 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q2 FY23 Financial Results as per SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
on Q2 FY23 Financial Results held on Monday, November 14, 2022. 
The Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q2 FY23 Financial Results is also available on 
the Company's website. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
Skandaprasad Seetharaman 
Chief Financial Officer 
Sustainable solutions, for a better life 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
CIN : L45205TN1995PLC030231 
CWA BAG  "WABAG HOUSE" 
No.17, 200 Feet Thoraipakkam Pallavaram Main Road, 
Sunnambu Kolathur, Chennai - 600 117, India. 
Board : +91-44-6123 2323 
Fax 
: +91-44-6123 2324 
Email : wabag@wabag.in  
Web 
: www.wabag.com  
SKANDAPRASA
D 
SEETHARAMAN
Digitally signed by SKANDAPRASAD 
SEETHARAMAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=ac9f70db7a076fa13e431f1b3682
3174d9efb9ea2c647a00e0590d65f9552673, 
postalCode=600028, st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=7bf6b2afb3425d91a080330dbd
ab6e71e3de4cf53f7a7444529acd568ba389a9, 
cn=SKANDAPRASAD SEETHARAMAN 
Date: 2022.11.18 21:00:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“VA Tech WABAG Limited H1 & Q2 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT MR. RAJIV MITTAL -- CMD AND GROUP CEO, VA 
TECH WABAG LIMITED 
MR. SKANDAPRASAD SEETHARAMAN -- CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Good evening, and welcome, everyone, to this Earnings Call Post-Announcement of H1 and Q2 
FY '23 Results of VA Tech WABAG Limited. On this call today from the management team, 
we have Mr. Rajiv Mittal – CMD and Group CEO; and Mr. Seetharaman – Chief Financial 
Officer. 
Kindly note, during this call, the company may make certain forward-looking statements 
concerning the business prospects and profitability, which may be subject to risks and 
uncertainties and the actual results could materially differ from those in such forward-looking 
statements. 
The conference call will be archived, and a transcript will be made available on the company's 
website. The company's results update presentation has been uploaded on the website and Stock 
Exchange, which provide an overview about core offerings and analysis of the results for the 
period. We trust that you have an opportunity to look through the same. We will start with the 
opening remarks from the management, post which we will have an open interactive Q&A 
session. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mittal to take you all through the key business highlights. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to this earnings call for the quarter 
and half year ending FY '23. Along with me in this call is Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman, our 
Chief Financial Officer. We continue to build on growth from the previous quarter, delivering 
another quarter of strong results with profitable growth. WABAG has been on a transformation 
path with a clear business strategy, and this has been reaping the results as planned. 
As a group, our strategy of focusing on international geographies, industrial projects, advanced 
technology plants and EP, (Engineering Procurement) business with a continued focus on service 
business, which is O&M, has helped in both execution excellence and improved operating 
margins. 
We are a true Indian multinational player with about half of our revenues consistently flowing 
from international geographies and projects over the last few years, which has helped in margin 
improvement, export incentives, foreign exchange realization and gains. Due to our promise of 
staying an advanced technology business leader, our order intake focus has been on plants in 
desalination, recycle and reuse and effluent treatment segment. This segment of international 
presence and technology focus directly reflects on the consistent growth in our core operating 
margins. 
WABAG's business team of being clean and green is reflected in every aspect of our business. 
On municipal waste water front, our Tertiary treatment plants manufacture clean water from 
wastewater, which is used for non-potable purpose, thereby releasing the water for potable use. 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
With the plants of over 2,500 million liters per day capacity that we have built across the globe, 
we are ensuring global water security converting waste to wealth. 
As a pioneer of a circular economy approach, we have built plants, which ensure that the 
wastewater is converted into resource and all the elements of wastewater is made usable. Water 
is treated to meet discharge norms or for further use for potable or non-potable use. Sludge is 
converted to manure, thereby reducing environmental risk from landfills. Biogas from sewage 
is used to produce green energy, which powers the treatment plant, making them power neutral. 
WABAG's leadership in green energy production from biogas has been well recognized in the 
sector. We have built biogas plants in our sewage treatment plants over the last 2 decades, which 
produces over 35 MW of renewable and green energy per day, thereby reducing the greenhouse 
gas effects. Presently, we are pursuing some projects for converting biogas to CNG also.  
On Wastewater treatment plants, we have built and maintained across the world treating over 
27,000 million liters per day of municipal and industrial wastewater to meet the environment 
discharge norms and thereby contributing to saving the environment and the water bodies from 
pollution. 
On the desalination front, our plants with installed capacity of over 1,200 million liters per day 
across the world, have been ensuring desalinated water for both drinking water as well as for 
industrial use. We are among the few recognized top global desalination companies in the world 
with the capabilities, references and technology to build large-scale desalination plants. 
On the industrial wastewater front, WABAG's leadership in oil and gas segment is well known. 
We have treated most of the complex effluents and secured orders across the globe against the 
stiffest of international competition based on our technological superiority as in providing world-
class solutions at competitive prices. 
Our industrial treatment plants for steel and power plants, food and beverage industry ensures 
process effluent water gets treated for reuse and thereby providing water reliability and security 
to the industry. Specifically, our zero liquid discharge plant, which is current focus for industries 
has ensured circular economy approach in the industrial water and wastewater treatment as well. 
On the drinking water front, over the past 25 years, WABAG has built drinking water treatment 
plants of over 26,000 million liters per day, ensuring pure, safe drinking water to millions.  
Having taken you through our business stream, let me briefly mention a few key business 
updates… 
Starting with the India cluster, which comprises Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia, India 
cluster has been the backbone of the group with the Indian government's various initiatives in 
the water sector like Namami Gange, Har Nal Se Jal, Swachh Bharat, AMRUT, India cluster is 
poised to keep growing and contributing to WABAG's group significantly. 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
Ordering activities have picked up in the cluster with us receiving 53 million liters per day 
desalination order from Reliance Industries in quarter 1 of this year, and we are also well placed 
on a few key desalination orders in the region, which are expected to materialize within this 
fiscal. 
The resumption of Sibur has added further impetus to the cluster with the progress of the project 
moving swiftly. The 53 MLD Reliance desalination project is also underway and in construction 
and procurement stage. Our current projects in the cluster span across wastewater treatment, 
recycle and reuse and desalination. Projects in the cluster has been generally progressing well. 
Next, let's move to the Middle East and Africa cluster…. 
MEA cluster has been our growth driver since last few years for the group. The Marafiq sewage 
treatment plant in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Doha South STP being constructed for 
ASHGAL, Qatar are currently in the final stages and expected to be completed this fiscal. Our 
50 MLD Zarat desalination plant in Tunisia, being built for SONEDE funded by KfW Germany 
is also progressing well and heading towards mechanical completion by end of this fiscal. At our 
300 MLD independent sewage treatment plant at new Jeddah Airport in Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, which is being built with the state-of-the-art NEREDA technology, all supplies have 
been completed and construction is near completion. Our 50 MLD desalination order in Senegal, 
funded by JICA, Japan which we received this year has started moving on the engineering front 
and also the procurement activities have started. On the ordering front, we are placed well on 
some of the bids which we have submitted in the region and expected to receive the results over 
the next few quarters. 
Next to the Europe cluster…. 
Europe cluster continues to remain our technology hub, incubating new patents and proprietary 
technologies, which helps us with the early mover advantage in the developing economies, 
which is our focus market. The significant business of Europe is based out of Middle East and 
North Africa, and our exposure to projects in European geographies is very limited. 
On the capital projects front….  
On NMCG, National Mission for Clean Ganga HAM projects…  
Our 187 MLD, KMDA, STP projects being built in Arupara, Bally and Baranagar have achieved 
75% completion and project is progressing well and is on track. Our STP HAM project being 
built for BUIDCO, Bihar at Digha and Kankarbagh where we announced the effective date last 
quarter has progressed 15% as on date. On the 40 MLD, Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam, Tertiary 
treatment, reverse osmosis, recycle and reuse projects, the project activities have commenced 
and we have progressed 10% on the project activities.  

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
On our service business….  
We have always maintained our strategy to grow the O&M business, and this is evident from 
the order book of over Rs. 3,300 crore of Indian rupee coming from service business as of H1 
this year, which constitutes 36% of our order book. Large DBO, HAM and One City One 
Operator projects are enabling this growth in the backlog, and we expect to witness the growth 
in revenue of service business in the next few years as the EPC portion of a DBO and HAM 
projects get completed and the long-term O&M revenues start flowing. With a consistent high 
quality order book of over Rs. 10,000 crore and a strong order pipeline visibility, we are 
confident of continuing to generate value for our stakeholders in our growth story in the years 
to come. 
I would like to express my sincere thanks to our direct and indirect employees and all the 
stakeholders for their continued support. Now we can move into the financial highlights, and I 
would request my colleague, Skanda to take you through the same. Over to you, Skanda. 
Skandaprasad. S: 
Thank you, Mr. Mittal. Good evening, friends. Trust you had an opportunity to look at the results 
update presentation as circulated and uploaded on our website and stock exchanges. 
Let me take you through the key financial highlights for the quarter and half year ended 30th 
September 2022. Before I start for the benefit of new investors and other stakeholders, I would 
like to briefly take you through our core offerings as WABAG.  
 
WABAG is a pure-play Indian technology multinational.  
 
WABAG is present in India for over 25 years and globally for over 98 years.  
 
We have presence in over 25 countries across the world and focus on technology-
driven projects contributing to water security and sustainability across the globe for 
municipal and industrial customers. 
 
WABAG has competencies to deliver projects across the value chain starting from 
drinking water to desalination to water recycle and reuse to effluent treatment plants 
for industries as well.  
 
We operate across all business models: EP, engineering procurement; EPC, 
engineering, procurement and construction, DBO, design, build, operate; O&M, 
operation maintenance or service business, HAM, hybrid annuity model and BOOT, 
build, own, operate, transfer. All of these are done, keeping in mind our asset-light 
approach. 
 
We focus on projects with adequate payment securities through letters of credit or 
projects funded by multilateral agencies and federal governments.  
 
By nature, our business contributes to a cleaner and greener world.  
 
Our plants across the world are well recognized and awarded in various global forums. 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Our results update presentation has further detailed information about our business, journey and 
contribution to the water sector. I would urge all stakeholders to find some time to go through 
the same. 
Now moving on to the financial updates….  
Our consolidated revenues for H1 FY 22-23 stood at Rs. 1,382 crore and on a stand-alone basis, 
revenue from operations stood at Rs. 1,058 crore.  
Our consolidated revenues for quarter 2 FY 22-23 stood at Rs. 750 crore, which was up by 10% 
year-over-year. On a stand-alone basis, revenue from operations was Rs. 573 crore for the 
quarter, up by 14% year-over-year.  
The consolidated EBITDA for H1 stood at Rs. 126 crore, up by 30% year-over-year and the 
stand-alone EBITDA for H1 stood at Rs. 107 crore, up by 52% year-over-year. 
The consolidated EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 74 crore, which was also up by 30% year-
over-year, and the standalone EBITDA for the period stood at Rs. 61 crore, up by 37% year-
over-year.  
As Mr. Mittal mentioned, we have delivered another quarter and half year of profitable growth, 
which is our PAT growing faster than the rate at which top line grows. 
The profit after tax attributable to owners stood at Rs. 77 crores on a consolidated basis for the 
half year, up by 85% year-over-year. On a standalone basis, the profit after tax for the first half 
stood at Rs. 60 crores, up by 99% year-over-year.  
For the quarter, the profit after tax attributable to owners stood at Rs. 47 crores on a consolidated 
basis, up by about 78% year-over-year. And for the quarter, on a stand-alone basis, the profit 
after tax stood at Rs. 34 crores, up by about 74% year-over-year. 
Now a look at our key business metrics for the quarter….  
 
Core EBITDA stood at 12.7%, double-digit EBITDA margins as we retain our focus 
on technology, EP and international projects 
 
Core PAT at 8.3% driven by operating margin improvement and control over finance 
costs through efficient banking lines management, both on volume and cost front.  
 
Core return on capital employed that is ROCE at 23.1% in line with our asset-light 
model and technology-focused approach. 
 
Working capital on an absolute basis year-over-year for the first half reduced by 14%, 
and the core working capital days stood at 81 days, driven by focus of the management 
on working capital and cash management.  

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Gross debt stood at Rs. 377 crore on a consolidated basis, a reduction of 22% year-
over-year for the first half.  
 
Improved performance on cash flows year-over-year with net debt at Rs. 75 crore 
reducing by 68% year-over-year, and we are well on track to continue remaining net 
cash positive by the end of the year. 
In line with our business strategy to remain an international group, 49% of our revenues were 
delivered from rest of the world and 51% was from India. Our order backlog stands at about Rs. 
10,300 crore with almost half of it coming from overseas geographies and projects. The quality 
of the order book is also enhanced with the majority mix of multilateral and federal government 
projects, industrial jobs backed by adequate payment securities, largely in the desalination and 
wastewater treatment space including recycled reuse and effluent treatment plants. 
The consistent level of order book over Rs. 10,000 crore in the past few quarters gives us a very 
good confidence about revenue visibility. We also take this opportunity to express our heartfelt 
thanks to the bankers, investors, fellow WABAGites and all other stakeholders for the continued 
support extended to us. 
With this, we now open the floor for interactive Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take the first question from 
the line of Mr. Siddharth Gupta, Voyager Capital. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Gupta: 
I'm Siddharth Gupta from Voyager Capital. Sir, I have a couple of questions for the management. 
The first thing I noticed fall in promoter holding from the previous quarter from 21.7% to 
19.13%. Has there been a reason for this particular decrease in the promoter shareholding? And 
secondly, just we have been getting back on track in terms of our growth and with our company's 
performance over the past few quarters. But this hasn't highly reflected well on the stock price. 
So, is the management considering maybe a buyback or any other form of rewarding its 
shareholders given that we're trading at historically low PEs? 
Skandaprasad. S: 
Siddharth, on your first question relating to the promoter shareholding, we have also made this 
public announcement to the stock exchanges, which we are required to do under the LODR. This 
is not any sale of shares by any of the promoters. There was 1 promoter who had superannuated 
and requested for declassification from promoter category to public category, and this was done. 
And hence, this percentage is reflecting lower. We want to again confirm there is no sale of any 
shares by any promoter. 
Number 2, on the stock price front, of course, you know, we, as management, we can control 
the delivery of results. You have seen us over the last few years, especially over the last few 
quarters, delivering good results both on operating margin. Last 2 years have been net cash 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
positive. We have generated operating cash and we are also hoping that going forward, the 
market price will also be reflective of it.  
Any actions in terms of buyback or any other front is purely the prerogative of the Board. At this 
moment, we have nothing of that sort to disclose. But we are hopeful and we expect that with a 
strong set of numbers that we have delivered consistently and also in this quarter, the market 
will recognize and re-rate us to the right valuation. 
Siddharth Gupta: 
So, if I could just have 1 more question. The projects that are being run in Agra and Ghaziabad, 
are we putting in bids for other cities as well to have similar projects in place? Or are those the 
only 2 projects that we are running at this point of time or considering running at this point of 
time? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Siddharth, being a leader in this water space, we were the first one to introduce this concept 
based on our Istanbul City model where we were the one who were running the whole of 
Istanbul. And this was accepted by the government. And as a pilot project, they introduced 4 
such cities and we were lucky to win 2, and we are operating that for the last couple of years. 
Based on the success of this model, I'm sure other states are also looking at this model. But you 
should also recognize there are cities like Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai, though it has not been 
classified as One City One Operator, but a substantial part of that water infrastructure is managed 
by us. Going forward, we believe that more states and cities will adopt this model, which will 
benefit both the state government as well as large companies like us because then it is a 
performance contract, and they can get 1 contractor to perform the complete city’s operation and 
maintenance. 
Siddharth Gupta: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for the answer. And just a parting suggestion on my front that I 
completely agree with what you're saying, that One Operator, One City model makes sense and 
if the management could make pitches to state governments to possibly induce such more pilot 
projects, not necessarily if they go to us or not, but as it might benefit us, it's something that we 
should pitch to the state government. Thank you for your time, sir, and congratulations on the 
great results. I hope to see markets reward you just as well. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
I congratulate the management team for ticking all the boxes on the operational front. Right now, 
my current worry, if at all, it can be called that, is with the world slowing down. Do you expect 
the order flow to come down? And on top of that, in the first 6 months, you haven't got substantial 
order, say, if you're talking of, say, Rs. 3,300 crore or Rs. 3,500 crore with turnover of this 
company. Can we expect to have an order book of say around Rs. 4,000 crore for this year? 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes. I think we have said in our speech that we have already received close to Rs. 1,500 crore 
already. We are already on that. And the second half is always a better half because some of the 
decisions do get postponed, but still to use the budgetary allocation, you can see the speed up in 
activities in the third and fourth quarter in placement of orders. So, we are very bullish that it's 
going to be a great order book by end of this year. And as I said, we have a very, very strong 
order pipeline for the next 2 quarters. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
But can we reach a fresh order of, say, Rs. 4,000 crore for this financial year? Is it possible? 
You’re looking at that kind of number. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
More to say Kaushik, because as I said, we can even surprise the market. But let's wait for it. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And once again, congratulations on the operational front with your EBITDA. Core EBITDA 
having gone up. It's wonderful for the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And I think amazing performance, especially on the margin front as well. A couple of questions. 
One is on the margins, obviously, they have improved, but how do you see the margin guidance 
going forward? Is there any scope for further improvement? And how would you look at that? 
Secondly, for FY '24, '25, what would be your revenue growth guidance or target, if you can talk 
a bit about that? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think since the COVID times, we don't give guidance. But I think you have seen us enough 
that on an average, we grow at about 10%, 15% year-on-year, and you have seen even in last 
few quarters, that trend is continuing. Now COVID is behind us, life is back to pre-COVID level. 
So, there is an enhancement of the execution, activities, supply chain has improved. So, 
definitely, you will see activities getting picked up and we will continue to grow in the coming 
quarters. 
Regarding you’re saying, what is '24, '25, it's too far to say. But I'm sure you have enough data 
with the kind of order backlog we have and the contract execution period we have, we can easily 
calculate that how much it should be a run rate to meet the contractual expectation of our client. 
So, just in short, we have good days coming ahead of us. Things are looking good. Change of 
strategy to move to EP player from an EPC player to focus on advanced technology, which is 
proprietary in nature, international geographies, industrial plants. These have already started 
giving results, as you can see from the last few quarters. And going forward, our order book is 
consisting of all this, which my colleague Skanda mentioned. So, you can expect the operating 
margins continuing to grow as we go forward. 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it, sir. And you mentioned on municipal, the share of central government is increasing. So, 
for the order intake of this first half to Rs. 724 crore. What is the mix between central government 
or between central government and local or state municipalities, if you can give some kind of a 
break up? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Generally, we don't take any state municipal jobs unless they are multilaterally funded. As I said, 
a lot of projects are World Bank, JICA Japan, KfW, ADB funded. These are the projects which 
are on our books, and this is the orders which we have got other than the Reliance project, the 
desalination project, which we brought, which is funded by Reliance themselves. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rishikesh Oza from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, my first question is the other income looks high for the last 2 quarters actually. So, is there 
any one-off here? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No one-off. There's nothing extraordinary. Otherwise, we would have declared it. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
So, we can expect this to be a sustainable run rate? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It should be. I don't see anything because the projects are under execution, and they are 
sustainable margin projects. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, my next question is regarding the EBITDA margin. If you could please guide on the 
EBITDA margins for second half of FY '23 and going ahead in FY '24? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, guidance is a couple of years back we have stopped giving guidance because the markets 
have been so uncertain. And because of COVID, we didn't know what is going ahead. Once 
things stabilizes which looks like we are in that phase, I think from next year, we can start giving 
guidance. But today, we are not giving any guidance. But I'm sure you all have seen enough that 
you can put your best judgment. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Okay. No problem, sir. And sir my third, if you could indicate what kind of order inflows are 
we going to do for this year? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Just now I told one of our friends that we have a very strong order pipeline for next 2 quarters. 
And if there are no delays in the decision, we expect all this to be converted and we should be 
having a pretty good order intake this year, which should surprise all of us. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Nikhil Abhyankar from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir, in your earlier remarks, you mentioned about the ZLD product. So, I just wanted to know 
about what our capabilities are? How much water recovery we take it? What is the kind of 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
CAPEX required to set up, say, 100,000 liters per day of plant? And what kind of margins are 
we expected to make on these products? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Nikhil, very good and apt question in today's environment. See, generally, the world is moving 
over to zero liquid discharge. It serves multiple purposes. One, you know globally, the discharge 
of any waste outside the battery limits of the plant is well monitored. And there are very steep 
penalties going up to imprisonment and shutting down the plant. When you are in zero discharge, 
you get rid of that risk that you are not discharging anything. So, you have no fear of being 
pulled up for discharging noncompliance based and being penalized or being asked to shut down 
your plant. That's number 1 advantage. 
Number 2, you have a reliable source of water because then your plant becomes water neutral, 
you don't take any water from outside, you don't discharge any water. So, internal recirculation 
brings in a huge amount of reliability of operating the plants. We have all heard that during a 
drought, the municipal authorities cut down first on industrial water supply to give it to the 
domestic users. That risk you're eliminating when you have an internal recycle, which is a great 
economic benefit to the industries. 
Thirdly, the prices of this water, which is being supplied by various local bodies are continuously 
going up. That way also, you can control your OPEX of your plant by doing an internal recycle. 
Coming to the cost of zero liquid discharge, see, the initial setup cost is always going to be 
higher. The best option is to discharge up. We don't need to invest anything. But that’s not 
applicable relevant at this stage when the authorities have tightened the discharge monitoring 
and control and with consequences also if you don't follow that. Hence, the cost has to be looked 
at a life cycle cost rather than the initial CAPEX cost. 
Third, you asked what is our capability. As I mentioned, there is nobody bigger than us in terms 
of recycle and reuse. With the kind of plants, we have built both for local bodies as well as for 
industries, we're one of the leaders, not only in India, but globally, having a capacity of 2,500 
million liters per day of recycled plant capacity, what we have built till date. So, I think capacity 
cost and what is the application, I think I've answered all your questions. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir, just a final question on that. Do we have any order yet for ZLD? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes. We are just completing NMDC plant. We have many orders, but the one which we are just 
completing the plant is going for commissioning is at NMDC for their iron ore plant. And this 
Russian project, the Sibur project, oil and gas is also ZLD. So, at the moment, 2 large projects, 
1 is under execution, other is under commissioning. 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir, now to the second question. Sir, a lot of investment announcements are being done in 
semiconductors and hydrogen domestically. So, are we seeing any inquiries for the same in this 
sector? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, we are. In fact, we are bidding for a few projects, but it has to be seen like solar was 20 
years back. Economically, it’s still not very attractive though the governments are giving soft 
loans and some money for setting up a pilot project. But a full-scale commercial exploitation of 
this technology will need at least 5 to 10 years. 
And this is something we are very much on track. As you know, whether we produce hydrogen 
or we enable production of hydrogen, we are always going to be part of this cycle because no 
hydrogen can be produced without water and we produce pure water. We have already 
demonstrated a few plants, even 1 in Qatar, where our pure water is used for producing hydrogen 
or for a semiconductor industry, which is a pure water because you have to have a pure water so 
that scaling of these conductors does not take place or it is reduced. Hence WABAG comes into 
play either to produce hydrogen or to supply clean water for production of hydrogen. So, we will 
be in this game. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. And sir, just a final question, if I may. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Nikhil, may we request you to return to the question queue, sir, as we have 
several participants waiting for their turn. We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Manoj 
Dua from Geometric. Please go ahead, sir. 
Manoj Dua: 
Our company gets Rs. 5,000 crore of order hypothetically, what are the limiting factor for 
WABAG to execute much higher order, the kind of orders we’ve earned? Is this working capital 
or what? I'm just thinking the tailwinds are too huge. What are the limiting factor, which will 
stop our company, okay, that much order we can take per year? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, one thing if you know this company, when 25 years back we started, we started as a startup 
with only 6 people. And we had a fantastic order book at that stage for 6 people company with 
Reliance Jamnagar greenfield plant biggest order in the water sector at that time was awarded, 
Haldia Petrochemicals, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, which they gave us the orders. 
So, this company is not new to the situation that we have a huge order backlog, and it has 
demonstrated over years and years that we are very fast to ramp up our capabilities and capacity. 
This will not be the first year where we'll have a Rs. 5,000 crore order. If you see in our history, 
there are years in the past where we have had Rs. 5,000 crore of order, and we have successfully 
executed that. 
Manoj Dua: 
What is normally project life cycle of these kind of orders? Any ballpark? 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Rajiv Mittal: 
On paper, it's 2 to 2.5 years. On reality, it's 2.5 to 3 years. 
Manoj Dua: 
The last question is, how is the status of how the government receivables are having these days 
and cities are paying on time, much better than earlier or worse than earlier? How is the situation 
these days? 
Skandaprasad. S: 
Mr. Manoj, you would have seen our opening speech as well. More than 90%, 95%, I would say, 
of our order book is either funded by multi-laterals, funded by Central Government or backed 
by payment securities. And also, we are participating in HAM projects where it is World Bank 
funded and NMCG, National Mission for Clean Ganga is directly funding the relevant authority. 
So, we do not today face any issues. And this was the primary reason why we went for such 
projects, why we chose the strategy of going only for payment security-backed projects so that 
we don't have delays in receivables. There is no question of whether we will recover. It is only 
that we focus on our execution and delivery. And we have seen consistently our receivable days 
has been coming down over a period of time. Our cash flows have improved, and this is why 
over the last 2 to 3 years, we have been able to have positive cash flows, net cash positive, 
positive operational cash flows. So, whether it is government receivables, or industrial 
receivables, the rate of turnover is much, much better, and our selection of projects has directly 
impacted the performance here in terms of this becoming better than before. 
Manoj Dua: 
So, our intention to do industrial and outside India orders is basically for the margin thing, not 
for the receivables thing. Am I right? 
Skandaprasad. S: 
There are 3 factors here. Number 1, when you go international, you get export incentives and 
you get various other benefits of performing these projects. And also these projects in a way 
help us bring foreign exchange back to the country. So, this brings foreign exchange back to the 
country and also give gains. 
Number 2, when we go for technology projects, industrial projects, international projects, these 
are shorter term than the EPC projects because these are usually E&P. When there is E&P, which 
is our core and not including construction, our margins are much better. Our turnaround is much 
better. Our collection profiles are much better. 
And number 3, when we go more international, when we go more industrial, we are able to 
actually exploit our technology better. We bring value to the table of customers and we are able 
to bring our technology superiority to the front. So, our strategy of going international, going EP 
and going industrial will be there going forward for the purpose of all these fronts of margin 
growth, cash growth and better receivables turnover. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Shirom Kapur from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please 
go ahead. 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Shirom Kapur: 
I just want to see, looking at your trend going back a few years, we're seeing your rest of the 
world revenue contribution declining, while the India revenue contribution has been rising 
though your rest of the world margins tend to be higher than the India margins. So, are we going 
to continue to see this? I know your focus is on international expansion. So, are we going to see 
this trend reverse and again, see an increasing share of rest of the world contributing to your 
revenues? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think you have to just see that our international revenues have not come down, but the Indian 
revenues have gone up. This is directly an impact from the Indian government's initiatives of 
focusing on water, the initiatives like Namami Gange, in initiatives like Har Nal Se Jal, Swachh 
Bharat, AMRUT. These have all opened up a huge opportunity in the Indian water sector. And 
we have been part of it. And why not? We are a leader in the country, and we are taking our 
share. As Skanda said, after it goes through our scanning of the various criteria, if it fits in, we 
go for it, and we pick up projects. 
So, our strategy also is very clear that we want to continue to be equally in rest of the world and 
in India. So, this will continue, our focus will continue equally for Indian projects and for the 
rest of the world projects. So, I don't think you have to worry about where the margins are higher 
or lower because generally in international geographies, we have been doing mainly EP, that has 
been our strategy, which when we did about a couple of years back, we've made our strategy 
document. We said, even in India, we'll focus on mainly EP. So, you will see gradually that 
margins are going up in India also. As a result, you're seeing the overall operating margins have 
gone up and the cash flows have improved. So, we will continue in the future also equally 
focusing on international geographies as well as rest of the world. 
Shirom Kapur: 
That's very helpful. And my next question would be on between municipal and industrial. Could 
you kind of give an idea of where the margin is and where the realizations tend to be higher, 
one, municipal versus industrial? And also, within your EP and O&M, from my understanding, 
EP tends to be a higher margin business. Am I correct? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Let me answer your second question first, and then we'll go to industrial versus municipal. See, 
both are high-margin projects. Because in our EP business, we don't have to see the construction. 
Generally, we have told you before the construction is mostly pass through in our books. So, 
basically, it gives us a top line, but not adequately giving us the bottom line because it's mainly 
pass through. We don't have a big margin on the construction portion. So, as we are reducing fee 
from our business, our overall margin is expected to die. So, both EP and O&M will be almost 
of a similar margin going forward. 
Regarding industrial and municipal, generally, industrials will have a better margin. But mainly, 
the most important thing of doing an industrial job, it is timely completion and a great cash flow 
compared to municipal. So, industry gives us a technological leadership because they recognize 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
the good life cycle cost, and that allows us to use some of our proprietary technology. And that's 
the reason we want to focus on industrial projects. 
So, even the municipal projects, as we said, we have no exposure to state government and this 
we said a couple of years back, we don't want any exposure to state government. If they are 
funded multilaterally, then only we'll go for municipal projects. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Aruna Chakraborty, Investor. Please go ahead. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
I've got 2, 3 questions, like every time we claim that we are a technology-driven company. But 
the EBITDA percentage is just like another manufacturing unit. Any manufacturing in that we 
either have got some technology. We have got our own special technology for the water. But 
EBITDA percentage-wise, it is not coming as it comes for a technology player. And the 
composition of the cost also, like our cost of materials is 80%. But normally, the technology-
based company is not 80% labor cost or the employee cost goes much higher. First question is 
this. 
Secondly, market is going gung ho about that the EBITDA percentage has gone up. But it has 
not gone up that much because sequentially, it has gone up by 0.6%, 600-650 basis points. Now 
any specific reason for that because material costs came down drastically according to my 
limited knowledge. So, for the material costs, I thought it would have come down, but it didn't 
come very much. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
So, you have 2 questions. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
Another one. The employee cost overseas jobs. The employee cost percentage is always double 
of Indians, but Indian employees give a higher turnover as compared to the overseas because 
overseas turnover is around 1/3 of our total turnover. For last 2 quarters, it has come 1/3 of the 
total turnover for that quarter but in 3 quarters, is there any specific reason for that? Or any 1 or 
2 highly paid and employee salaries being debited overseas. That's why these reforms come or 
any specific reason behind this? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think you’ve already asked 3 questions. Let me answer before I forget your questions. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
I'll remind you. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Okay. I think the first thing you talked about technology versus margin. See, we have always 
been a technology player. We demonstrate that. We bring in so many technologies into the water 
sector that we have been rewarded, appreciated, recognized for our technology leadership in this 
water sector. Now it does not meet your expectation of margin, very true because we are not in 
a technology where there is only you play with other technologies. Unfortunately, fortunately, 
we are in the water sector, which is a very critical sector and it's all tendered business, huge 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
scale, even if you are using your technology, you still have to be a lowest bidder. And there is 
always a cost which is involved in developing and maintaining the trademarks, patents and all 
that. 
But saying that, you have seen over the last few years and quarters, continuous improvement is 
there in the technology. The main reason, as we said, we remain as a technology player, but our 
top line, we are systematically planned way reducing it. As a result, our construction portion is 
coming down. And hence, you can see there is an improvement in margin. As we go along as 
we said profitable growth, our margin growth will be far better than the top line growth. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
Yes, but that will take how long? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It's still in our life span, don't worry. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
That's a good answer. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
You and I will still be on the call, don't worry. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
The main technology, which has been given that is you. You are the main technology, behind 
the whole company. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No. I have almost 2,000 colleagues. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
Anyway, I have got regard for you. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Second thing you are saying our margins, though everybody is gung ho about it, our margins 
have not that gone up. I think you should see this is an EPC contract with almost 3 years life 
cycle of a project. Overnight, we cannot and we will not be able to do because even if there is 
an improvement in the project, so see the direction rather than looks for a destination in a hurry. 
This is going to take time. It will be stepped improvement and it's better to have a step 
improvement rather than having peaks and troughs. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
No, that I agree, yes. But only thing is what I could have made out that is it's basically in this 
quarter, we got the economies of scale. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I don't think, throughout this company, we always had economy of scale. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
No, no, since the turnover went up pretty high. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It gone 10%, 14%. The quantum jump was not there, it’s 10% to 12% of turnover went up, not 
much. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
No. 10%, but that won't go straight to the profit. 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I hope you are right. There is a direct cost subject to the profit. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
Yes, the fixed cost portion. So, that is a good thing. So, we have to keep on increasing the 
turnover.  
Rajiv Mittal: 
And we will not do it at the expense of margins, which I clearly explained our construction will 
come down. If you tell me improve the speed of execution, I fully agree. But our focus is not on 
top line, our focus is on getting to the bottom line. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
No. I am not. Yes, whatever contract you have got for that execution, if it is a little faster, at least 
it should be on positive side every quarter henceforth. So, that we keep on getting the benefit of 
that scale. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Okay. First, we will do, you said the commodity prices have substantially reduced, not at all my 
friend. The Rs. 35 to Rs. 40 kilo a steel went up to Rs. 60, Rs. 65, now it is Rs. 58.50. So, yes, 
10%, it has come down. But don't forget, it went up 50% and came down Rs. 10, okay? 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
It didn’t come down after imposing the export duty also? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No, not at all. You can see, go through the website of SAIL or RINL or anybody and see what 
is the price of steel, not gone off, cement has not gone off.  
Aruna Chakraborty: 
No, I believe you, sir. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Molybdenum, nickel nothing. So, we have not used this as an excuse for our margins because 
for us, that's the business we run. It's our job to manage this. Some of it we manage by negotiating 
contracts with escalation formula based on commodity index that is perfectly managed by 
optimizing the engineering and optimizing our procurement. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
I believe it. I believe you on all this. And sir, the employee cost 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Last question you had was on employee cost. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
Overseas employee cost. Per capita employee revenue is much, much less than our Indian guy. 
That's a fantastic thing, but Indian guys are doing really good. But what are they doing? Because 
you see, in this quarter, we paid almost Rs. 23 crore for Rs. 177 crore turnover. There's an 
incremental revenue consolidated and the standalone. We paid Rs. 23 crore for Rs. 177 crore 
and in India, we paid Rs. 42 crore for Rs. 572 crore. So, per capita output, so that's why I asked 
you if any 1 or 2 people, those were top-level guy, are they being overseas so that that cost 
doesn't come to India and it has been debited from overseas jobs. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
We don't shift cost. We are not in a business of shifting costs from India to overseas or overseas 
to India. It's very simple. See the guys what they earn in Europe or in any Western world, any 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
time between 5 to 7x of a guy who earns in India, almost doing a similar job. So, hence, if you 
see this company since we have taken over our erstwhile parent in 2007, continuously, we have 
reduced the overseas cost and increased in growing geographies like Egypt, Turkey and India. 
So, these are making us very competitive. But the overseas cost will remain like if we are doing 
a business in Switzerland, we do not send Indians to Switzerland and execute the project. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
No. In that case, tenders should have been quoted like that. But it doesn't permit. I'm sure you 
know much better than me about the tendering processes there. So, is there being paid more, so 
the tender should support that tender enterprise. I don't know. I don't know much about that. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Operating margins in Switzerland are at a level of 40%, whereas we do it in India 20%. So, 
operating margins are 40%. But then there is a higher cost of running the organization. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
Because our operating margins, the EBITDA overseas business is bringing down overall 
EBITDA. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It's been always like that and it will remain like that. The only thing which we have done, which 
you have probably noticed, and you will continue to notice going forward that less and less 
would be done from Europe and more and more will be done from developing geographies. 
Aruna Chakraborty: 
Developing geographies. I just wanted to know these things. And the final one, my dearest one. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Very soon coming up, very soon coming up. Just have a few more months’ patience. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sriharsha KJ from Gardner. Please go ahead. 
Sriharsha KJ: 
I would like to know about the update on the Chennai desalination order since you were one of 
the 4 bidders who are shortlisted for that project? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Good. I think that was also a question from the last person who was asking question. See, the 
point here is it's been going on for almost 1.5 years. Prequalifications were over, technical bids 
were submitted, the revaluations are completed. Now we are waiting for the price bids to be 
opened, which I believe any time, very soon within this month, the price bid will be open, and 
the government will announce the preferred bidder. After that, it's all about approvals and 
negotiating the contracts with the preferred bidder. So, it should happen within a quarter or so. 
Sriharsha KJ: 
 Other than this project, is there any other project in India, which is coming up for the 
desalination project? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Many, many, many projects. I think, as I said, the future is belonging to desalination because 
this is 1 manufactured water, as I call it, it's not a God given water. We don't depend on rains for 
this. We have a large, long, long coastline and we are blessed with long coastline in our country. 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
So, anywhere in the coast, we can put in a desalination plant and manufacture this water. And 
your company WABAG is very much capable of doing it. We have a demonstrated track record. 
We have technologies. We have experienced. We have references. So, we will be a candidate 
for all desalination plants, especially medium to large desalination plants, we will be doing. And 
you will see that going forward, there will be a few projects if we are lucky within this fiscal, 
we can announce that. And we are also classified as one of the top 10 desalination companies 
globally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Omkar: 
I just wanted to update, as you said the price bids are yet to come for that 400 MLD JICA order. 
But I just gone through one of the articles where we have seen early January next year, the work 
of that product may start. So, it will still take a couple of months or order may get declared end 
of this calendar year? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No. As I said, the price bids will be opened maybe this month, if everything goes well and we 
get all the approvals to do that. But after that, there's a long process because it's a multi-laterally 
funded project. One is the state government approval, then it has to go to the funding agency, 
JICA, Tokyo to get the approval, then they have to negotiate the contract with us and sign the 
contracts. Definitely, it's the next 2, 3 months process. 
Omkar: 
It is a multilateral JICA funded. So, it will take time. Sir, I just wanted to quick update, nothing 
else. Really appreciate your feedback. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Shah: 
One thing I wanted to know that the margins in the O&M business are higher compared to the 
normal margins? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes. It's always as a service business, it is always higher. It's more on the expertise, the process 
expertise, the technology expertise you have where you can add value to your clients, and then 
you can share those savings which you can bring to the plant. So, naturally, the service business 
margins will remain attractive and also the risk will remain lower. 
Manish Shah: 
It is now at 33% of our total order book, right, approximately. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Don't know the numbers. Maybe Skanda can tell you that?  
Skandaprasad. S: 
Yes, out of our order book, almost 36% is O&M today which is comprising of O&M from our 
design, build, operate projects, from our HAM projects, from our One City One Operator 
projects. All of this ranging anywhere between 7, 10 to even 15 years and as mentioned during 

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
my opening speech that these revenues will unwind over the next couple of years when the EPC 
gets completed and the projects move into the on O&M phase. 
Manish Shah: 
Sir, another thing was that the raw material prices have started coming down recently. So, in this 
quarter season, the margins are already, have gone up. So, I think the benefit of raw material 
prices should start coming in from now onwards? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Let's keep our fingers crossed. Why not? Let's see what this new quarter brings it to us. 
Manish Shah: 
But at least these kind of margins are sustainable, right? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes. 
Manish Shah: 
And sir, 1 last question about the order intake, in the half year, it is Rs. 1,500 crore, in this 
quarter, sir? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, I think it's not in our hand as we discussed. Once the order gets done, we are already Rs. 
3,000 crore, Rs. 4,000 crore. So, it all depends because we are in the project business, which is 
a lumpy business, it doesn't matter this quarter or next quarter. As long as we are on track and 
on an annual basis, at least we can pull up our books. It doesn't matter which quarter because 
business will remain a lumpy business. 
Manish Shah: 
So, you're confident that actually in this fiscal year, you should get that Rs. 4,000 crore order 
book at least? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
You are putting words in my mouth. I will not disagree with you. That's all I can say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, please. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you for a good discussion. A few words before we close, just to summarize what we 
discussed and because a number of questions came up again and again.  
 
We want to just tell you we delivered another quarter of profitable growth.  
 
Our order book stays above Rs. 10,000 crore.  
 
Our order pipeline looks strong with desalination, water reuse and wastewater 
treatment orders.  
 
Our business strategy is to focus on international, EP and technology projects has 
helped margin grow and keeps us on track to remain cash positive by end of the year. 
 
For the period, our core operating margins are at 12.7%. Core PAT is at 8.3%, 
signifying healthy and consistent improvement in profitability.  

 
VA Tech WABAG Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Our focus on debt reduction has ensured gross debt reduction by 22% and net debt by 
68% on Y-o-Y basis in H1.  
 
Our business is clean and green, ensuring water security and sustainability through 
water recycle, reuse, desalination and renewable energy production from biogas.  
 
The future looks bright for the water sector and WABAG is well placed to be a key 
global player in contributing to world's water sustainability and security. 
Thank you, everyone, once again for your participation in our H1 Q2 FY '23 earnings call. We 
have uploaded the analyst presentation in our website. In case you have any further queries, you 
may get back to Stellar IR Advisors, our investor relation advisor based in Mumbai, or feel free 
to get in touch with us directly. Thank you very much. Enjoy your evening. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of VA Tech WABAG, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
