E:KRBL/BIBHU /STK_EX_2223/ 63 
19 November 2022 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 
530813 
Dear Sir/Ma.dam, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: KRBL 
Series: Eq. 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, 14 November 2022, on 
the Unaudited Financial Results of KRBL Limited for the Second Quarter (Q2) and Half 
Year ended 30 September 2022. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, 14 
November 2022, at 04.00 P.M. onwards, on the Unaudited Financial Results of KRBL Limited for 
the Second Quarter (Q2) and Half Year ended 30 September 2022. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For KRBL Limited 
Jyoti Verma 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As Above. 
Corporate Office: C-32, 5th & 6th Floor, Sector-62, l\oida-201 301, Gautambudh Nagar (U.P.) !NOIA. 
Regd. Office : 5190. Lahori Gate, Delhi - 110 006, INDIA. Tel.: +91-1 1- 23968328. Fax : +91-11-23968327, CIN No. LO I I I IDLl 993PLCOS2845 
Tel. : +91-120-4060300, Fax : +91-120-2673498. E-mail : mails@krblindia.com. Visit us at : www.krblrice.com 
WORLD'S LARGEST RICE MILLERS & BASMATI RICE EXPORTERS 

Page 1 of 15
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KRBL Limited 
Q2 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 14, 2022 
 
Management: Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal – Chairman and Managing Director 
Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta – Joint Managing Director 
Mr. Ayush Gupta – Head, Domestic Division 
Mr. Ashish Jain – Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KRBL Limited Q2 
FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. 
Thank you, and over to you, Siddharth. 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you, Rochelle. Welcome to KRBL Limited's Q2 and H1 FY'23 
Earnings Conference Call for analysts and investors. I'm pleased to 
introduce to you senior members of the management team on today's call. 
We have with us Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal, Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Ayush Gupta, Head, 
Domestic Division; and Mr. Ashish Jain, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
We propose to begin with updates from Mr. Mittal with views on the industry, 
the business and broad strategy. We shall then have Mr. Ayush Gupta, who 
will take us through the perspectives on domestic business. Thereafter, we 
shall have the financial overview presented by Mr. Ashish Jain. After the 
opening remarks from the management, the forum would be opened for 
interactive question-and-answer session. 
 
A cautionary note that some of the statements made on today's call could 
be forward-looking in nature and actual results could vary from these 
statements. A detailed intimation in this regard is available in KRBL's 
investor presentation, which is available on the stock exchange websites. 
 
I would now like to invite our Chairman, Mr. Mittal, to share his views. Over 
to you. Over to you, Anil ji. 

Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Good afternoon, investors. I would like to brief you on the production and 
consumption of Indian rice crop this year since there have been many 
changes due to deficient monsoons. However, as we've all witnessed, there 
were rains in the month of September and October, which slightly damaged 
basmati rice crop, but benefited non-basmati rice crop. When compared with 
the production of Kharif season 2021, which was 112 million metric tons, the 
production this year is lower by 6% at 105 million metric tons, out of which 
basmati is around 7.5 million metric tons. 
 
In the last 10 years, India's rice production has grown at a CAGR of 2.4% 
per annum, whereas India's rice consumption has grown at a CAGR of 0.9% 
per annum. The production yield has grown much higher than the domestic 
consumption which has helped India to become the larger rice exporter in 
the world. Last year, India exported around 21.21 million tons of rice, out of 
which Basmati exports were 3.95 million tons. The government of India on 
8th September 2022 imposed an export duty of 20% on non-basmati rice, 
exempting non-basmati parboiled rice and all varieties of basmati rice. 
These measures were taken since the government buffer stock was 
depleting and the government had to fulfill their obligation of free distribution 
of wheat and rice to the under-privileged, whereas 100% broken rice was 
completely banned for exports. There is a huge demand for broken rice for 
manufacturing ethanol other than feed and poultry industry. Hence, this 
decision of the government was a positive move to control inflation in the 
country. We would like to add that broken rice was primarily exported to 
China to the tune of 1.5 million metric tons. 
 
This year, in the first half, India has exported around 2.2 million tonnes of 
basmati rice as compared to 1.95 million tonnes exported during the same 
period last year, showing an increase of 11% in volume terms, whereas the 
exports grew by almost 46% in value terms, amounting to INR17,896 crore 
as compared to INR12,295 crore last year. To further add, India exported 
around 60% of the total basmati rice to 4 countries such as Iran, 600,000 
tonnes; Saudi, 407,000 tonnes; Iraq, 130,000 tonnes, UAE, 175,000 tonnes, 
confirming that majority of basmati export is to Middle East, including Persian 
Gulf. 
 
Moving to the current basmati scenario, the crop was expected to be higher 
by around 15% to 16% over last year. With the delayed monsoon in the 
month of October, that basmati crops got slightly damaged, not only in yield 
but also the grain got damaged by additional 2% in some parts of the basmati 
growing areas. The overall crop, now after mapping and cross-field surveys, 
should be either higher by 5% to 7% or maybe equal to last year. The prices 
of new crop paddy have opened up slightly higher than expected levels. But 
still, the current crop prices, depending upon the varieties, are lower by 12% 
to 15% than the basmati rice price prevailing during April - August 2022. 
 
Presently the demand is subdued and the buyer from Middle East, Far East, 
Europe and U.S.A. are working the market and are expected to start buying 
around first week or middle of December. But this buying trend has no 
importance to KRBL since we market mostly 1 to 2 year branded aged rice 
and the orders for which are received regularly on a monthly basis. We 
believe that prices will remain stable for at least 1 month till the time the 
correct assessment of the damage due to the late monsoon is clear. 
 
Moreover, the mapping figures are also not correct, hence the trade up until 
now is in dilemma as to which way the paddy prices will move in next 45 
days. The rice prices are directly correlated to the paddy prices, hence, we 
at KRBL are going to purchase good quantities at the prevailing prices. 

Page 3 of 15 
 
 
 
There were rumors that basmati prices will take a jump due to floods 
reported in Sindh area of Pakistan. No doubt the basmati and non-basmati 
crop in Sindh area got badly damaged to the tune of 70%, but the production 
of basmati rice in Sindh area is very minimal compared to Punjab region of 
Pakistan, which is witnessing a good harvest. 
 
Moreover, Sindh area grows a duplicate basmati rice which is used for 
mixing with their traditional varieties. Therefore, the effect of Pakistan flood 
on pricing will have no effect on international prices of basmati rice. The two 
irritants in exports were the ocean freight rates and the availability of 
containers - both the issues have been resolved. The freight rates have 
come down to 1/3, and they will further come down by another 10% to 15% 
compared with their peak about 9 to 12 months back. Still, the freight rates 
for USA and Australia have not come down compared with other 
destinations which are also expected to reduce in the coming months. The 
availability of container are in abundance and supplies are going to further 
increase since China is manufacturing around 30,000 containers per day 
against orders from various shipping lines world over. 
 
KRBL is going to have enormous advantage with the imposition of GST on 
unbranded prepackaged rice. This has broad parity between private label 
and established brands. With the imposition of 5% GST, the demand for 
KRBL brands have improved significantly which would be witnessed in the 
third quarter, the details will be shared by Ayush, who heads the domestic 
department. KRBL has shown a robust performance in the second quarter 
of FY 2023. The total revenue of the company grew by 26.5% year-over- 
year and 8.12% quarter-over-quarter, whereas the export business grew by 
106.05% year-over-year and 21.6% quarter-over-quarter. Besides, EBIDTA 
margins improved to 22.79% compared to 19.27% last year. The PAT was 
at 15.91% compared to 12.89% last year, giving an EPS of INR9.05. 
 
The company is growing in the export market but has made a remarkable 
progress in Saudi Arabia with the new distributor. And those sales pertaining 
to modern trade is really showing a good progress, and we are happy with 
the performance. We have nearly captured back our lost market share, and 
it seems that the customer was waiting for the India Gate products to come 
back in the market. We have still to finalize the HoReCa segment for which 
our efforts are ongoing, and we expect that during Quarter 4 we will be able 
to finalize it. I have tried to convey most of the events, and if something is 
left, it could be discussed during the question-answer session. Thank you 
once again. Thanks. 
 
Ayush Gupta: 
Thank you, sir, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm delighted to 
share that the domestic business recorded yet again a strong quarter 
performance, with revenue growing by 18% year-over-year. We have 
delivered best ever H1 performance, wherein revenue increased by 36%. 
Growth has been equally contributed by the general trade and modern trade 
e-com channels. It is notable that within the general trade channels, bulk 
pack segment has led the growth. The decision to charge 5% GST on 
prepackaged food nullifies the advantage local players had over established 
brands. We have been looking forward to this for the last 5 years. This 
decision will formalize the sector and lead to healthy competition. 
 
I will now share a progress update on our 3-pronged strategy that I've been 
talking about in our previous calls. On the distribution front, we are diligently 
expanding our direct distributor network to town Class 1, town Class 2 and 
rural markets of India. We have effectively appointed 167 new distributors in 
this financial year so far, and we are on track with our target to expand our 

Page 4 of 15 
 
 
 
distribution reach to 250 new towns by the end of this financial year. Our 
numeric distribution percentages had already increased by 370 basis points 
in quarter 2, but we'll be seeing the true results of this in the subsequent 
quarters. 
 
In the past year, our secondary sales coverage stood at 31%, which means 
the percentage of distributor sales being captured by our field sales team. In 
the first half of this financial year, we have been able to expand our 
secondary coverage to 38%, a growth of 700 basis points. This is in line with 
our strategy to drive the category through robust active retailing. Increase in 
secondary sales coverage has resulted in higher throughput at retail outlets, 
improved relationships with trade and better saliency of the brand. We will 
continue to drive this feature and are targeting to reach 60% secondary sales 
coverage by financial year 2025. 
 
On the third strategy, on augmented product portfolio, while the non-basmati 
initiatives remain under the work, I'm happy to share that Unity brand has 
grown by over 40% in this financial year and is on track to reach the 
INR1,000 crore mark by the end of financial year 2025. We have developed 
a strong pipeline of new product introductions which span across the value- 
added rice segment as well as the health segment. We will see us launching 
few of these products in the next 2 quarters. 
 
As the competitive scenario in our category becomes more dynamic, we are 
strategically taking on the role of category captaincy. As a category captain, 
our approach will be to focus on the long-term evolution of the category. We 
are continuously deepening our understanding of the shopper behavior and 
reviewing the category for variable insights. For the first time, we are taking 
a regional approach to marketing. We have divided the country into 3 market 
types based on basmati penetration, KRBL market share and other 
quantitative factors. 
 
Firstly, there are states where the focus is to drive consumption from 
unbranded segment to packaged segment. Secondly, there are states where 
we need to drive category penetration and frequency of consumption. And 
thirdly, states where we have to take disruptive market share gains. We have 
devised a specific marketing mix for each of these market types, and you 
will see communication emerging from this approach launched in the market 
in the next few weeks. 
 
The category captaincy mindset will ensure that we are not just fighting the 
short-term market share battles, but investing appropriately in building this 
category for the long-term gains. During times of inflation in FMCG industry, 
we see consumers down-trading or downsizing. In rice, we typically witness 
a downgrade into unbranded loose rice segment during such times. 
 
To navigate this challenge, we have beefed up our assortment with a clear 
price laddering strategy to arise this so that the consumer has an offering 
within our portfolio even during inflationary scenarios. While the basmati 
penetration in India is at 42%, the packaged penetration hovers around 20%. 
We are constantly reminded of the immense headroom for growth in the 
segment of this business. 
 
With that, I come to the end of my remarks, and I will now hand it over to 
Ashish, who will take us through the financial performance. 
 
Ashish Jain: 
Thank you, Ayush. I will now take you through the performance for the 
quarter ended September 30, 2022. All figures mentioned by me would refer 

Page 5 of 15 
 
 
 
to the consolidated financials of KRBL Limited. Total income for the quarter 
stood at INR 1,340 crore, marking a growth of 26.5% over the corresponding 
quarter last year. Gross profit of the company increased by almost 50% and 
EBITDA and PAT increased by almost 50% and 56.4%, respectively. 
 
The company recorded several highest-ever metrics, too. For example, the 
company recorded highest total income, highest EBITDA, highest PBT, 
highest PAT, highest total comprehensive income and highest quarterly 
earnings per share in the quarter. Revenue from operations grew by 25.2%, 
led by export sales which grew by 105% to INR 592 crore. Domestic sales, 
excluding power, were at INR 696 crore or lower by 5%, but this is on 
account of higher bulk rice sale in the corresponding quarter last year. 
Excluding bulk rice, referring to branded sales, branded sales grew by 18%, 
as mentioned by Ayush. 
 
Basmati rice sales realization increased by 42% over Q2 FY'22. Higher 
realization was recorded both in domestic and export segments. Gross 
margin improved to 34.5%, an improvement of 535 basis points over 
corresponding quarter. This was led by both improvement in sales mix as 
well as higher realization. EBITDA margin for the quarter was at 22.8% as 
against 19.3% on account of better gross margin, partially offset by following 
increases over corresponding quarter. Freight expenses increased by INR 
28 crore, advertising expenses by INR 11 crore, other selling and distribution 
expenses by INR 4 crore besides increasing some other provisions. Freight 
expenses increased during the quarter, though the latter is largely recovered 
from the customers. 
 
KRBL's finance costs declined to INR 1.5 crore as against INR1.7 crore in 
the corresponding quarter. This is happening as our reliance and borrowing 
continues to reduce. The company's PBT margin also improved to 21.3% as 
against 17.3%, while PAT margin improved to 15.9% as against 12.9%. 
 
Now I'll just summarize the H1 performance. For first half of this year, total 
income was at INR 2,579 crore, marking a growth of 23.4% as against H1 of 
last year. Gross profit increased by almost 37%, while EBITDA and PAT 
increased by 33% and 36.3%, respectively. Revenue from operations grew 
by 23.1%, led by both export and domestic sales, with Y-on-Y growth of 36% 
and 16%, respectively. 
 
Cash generated from operations before tax is INR 169 crore higher than H1 
of current year as against H1 of last year. I will now share some data with 
respect to inventory. Total inventory as of September 30, 2022, was at INR 
2,054 crore, comprising INR 160 crore of paddy as against INR 177 crore in 
September 2021, while rice inventory was at INR 1,751 crore as against INR 
1,700 crore at the same period last year. In volume terms, paddy stocks were 
at approximately 50,000 tonnes and rice at approximately 313,000 tonnes. 
These numbers were slightly higher at 62,000 tonnes and 365,000 tonnes, 
respectively, in September 2021. 
 
Inventory, as you know, is lower primarily to lower paddy purchase since last 
time. The cash position of the company continues to be healthy. The total 
cash and bank balance, including investments, was at almost INR 1,600 
crore, up 74% over the same period last year. 
 
With that, I come to the end of my prepared remarks. I would now like to 
hand over to the moderator for opening the Q&A session. I would just like to 
mention that as the ED matter sub-judice, we will not be in a position to 
respond to queries on this matter. So over to the moderator now. 

Page 6 of 15 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I have a few questions. In the half year, 20-plus percent top line growth that 
we see, what will be the volume growth in this? 
 
Ashish Jain: 
Overall volume, you're talking about half year? 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, half year because both quarter 2 and half year is about 25% and 23% 
top line growth, so. 
 
Ashish Jain: 
Sure. So, half year basmati rice volume growth is at around 6%. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. What explains the improvement in margins that we see in the first half 
now? 
 
Ashish Jain: 
So, I think the improvement in margin is explained by 2 factors. One is there 
is improvement in product mix, which is higher share of higher realization 
SKUs and also the general increase in rice prices that we've seen over the 
last, I would say, now 3 quarters. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Looking at the current scenario, do we see the H1 performance 
sustaining in H2? 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
Yes, definitely, our third quarter and fourth quarter is going to reflect H1 
performance. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And my last question is, sir, I see the export business in the first half at about, 
let's say, INR1,077 crore. Looks a lot of improvement versus the last year's 
number, because last year full year number was about INR1,500 crore, 
INR1,600 crore, my guess. So now what is the progress on the Saudi and 
the Iran business for us to better understand this export business of 
INR1,077 crore that I see in the first half. 
 
Anil Mittal: 
As I conveyed in my opening remarks, we are doing very well in Saudi. It 
seems that people have been waiting for more than two years for India Gate 
to arrive in the market. The demand has been very good but the product was 
not available in the market. So, the order flow is very impressive currently and 
our performance in the Saudi market has started looking up which is being 
reflected in our export data. As regards Iraq, we are not able to get a good 
distributor, but we have exported a small quantity. It's a negligible quantity. But 
we expect that we will get a good distributor. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
The question was Saudi and Iran, not Iraq. 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Yes, I'm talking of both here. Problem with both the countries is same. There 
are local traders who have captured the local markets. Like in Japan, they are 
into multi-faceted businesses, say, construction, automobiles and agriculture. 
Under agriculture, they trade in rice, particularly basmati rice.  
 
So, competition is very tough especially when you have to fight with a local 
person. Under such circumstances, we still manage to be the market leaders in 
Saudi Arabia as far as the product and the pricing are concerned. However, 
we still have to capture the quantum business of Saudi Arabia which will be 
possible once we finalize on our HORECA distributor. 

Page 7 of 15 
 
 
 
As far as Iraq is concerned, the margin of profits are very less. We have met 
a few prospective people for our distributorship. It will be difficult to take an 
immediate decision, but I hope that we would be able to have a hold on the 
Iraqi market by the fourth quarter, i.e. Jan-March’23. However, considering 
that the profit margins are so low, we are a bit disturbed and are wondering 
whether we have to even work on those margins are not.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Sir, so I could understand, so the Saudi and the Iran business, which 
was, let's say, at the peak about INR1,100 crore and which fell down to 
INR300 crore until last year, now where are we on those 2 businesses after 
what I see exports improving, too? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Let me correct you. It was only one country. INR1,100 crore pertained to only 
Saudi  Arabia. We were never active in Iraq because of payment problems. 
There were payment problems. The problems are of course not comparable to 
those in Yemen or Sudan, but still the environment is not very conducive. And 
most of the business and the financial transactions are routed via Dubai. It is 
not a direct business and we have not been very active there since beginning,  
As regards the INR 1100 crore business of Saudi, I am quite positive that we 
will be able to do at least INR 550 – 600 crore this year, and another  INR 500 
crore in HORECA business once the distributor is finalized.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So, in this INR1,077 crore, we already had INR250 crore-type 
business in Saudi in the half year? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Should be. I don't have the correct number, but should be. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investment Pvt. 
Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes, congratulations for good results. We've been hearing some positive 
news about the 3 new variety, which is 1185/86 and 47. Can you just 
highlight the productivity in these? And the price which could be different 
than the existing varieties. And third is, how much time the export market will 
take up to accept these varieties? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
These varieties were given to us by Pusa Institute for our feedback after testing 
them at our laboratory. We found them excellent and given our positive 
feedback about two years ago. The grain quality, texture, cooking results and 
everything were good. Based on that, we were given some seed quantities 
only this year for test sowing. So, this year we have distributed them for seed 
multiplication and hence we will be able to have a large scale commercial 
production only next year.  However, whatever little quantities that are coming 
in the market of these 3 - 4 varieties are pest resistant.   We are very happy 
that there are very minimal pesticide residues in these varieties, and they will 
meet the stringent pesticide residue norms of countries such as Europe, 
America, etc.  Besides, there is no compromise on the production yield, price 
levels, grain quality, etc. The beauty is that their pesticide residue levels are 
very less.  
 
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. And just in terms of productivity given the same acreage of 
plantations, do you expect the increase in productivity due to these new 
varieties? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
No. There is no increment in productivity because the scientists have worked 
primarily on pesticide-free or pest-resistant quality. 

Page 8 of 15 
 
 
 
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. My second question is on the procurement strategy. You touched 
upon it on pricing remain the same, your procurement will be higher. But can 
you just highlight how do you see the procurement strategy for this year? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
According to the data available with us, the prices are about 12% to 15% lower 
as compared to last year. However, there is a little dilemma. Actually, the crop 
size is 15% higher than the last year. So, it was initially thought that the prices 
will remain quite low since the crop size is 15% higher. However, due to heavy 
rains, there has been a crop damage to some extent, the quantum of which we 
are not able to guess right now. No one knows whether the crop damage is 
5% or 10% or 15%. The entire trade is keeping its fingers crossed. We still 
believe that the quantities would be more than last year, and the prices would 
remain firm at the opening price levels. Under this scenario, we are definitely 
going to buy 20 – 25% more over last year.  
 
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. And my last question is on the regional rice. Based on your 
experience, you've been working on it for some bit of time. So what is the 
progress out there? And what is the consumer impact you're getting on the 
regional rice? 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
Originally, we have planned for 3 varieties, one was gobindobhog, other was 
kolam and third was sona masoori. We have already started marketing sona 
masoori and kolam rice. And this calendar year, we'll be doing around INR 
20 crore, INR 25 crore of these 2 varieties, which is basically we are doing 
the test marketing. And next calendar year, we are expecting a turnover of 
around INR 60 crore to INR70 crore. But everything is in progress in Gujarat. 
Our plant has started. We have started installing plant and machinery. And 
by March '23, we think the Gujarat plant will be operational. And Gangavati, 
Karnataka, we have already purchased land. And it will take by March '24, it 
will be complete. 
 
Till the time the plants will come, but our marketing will continue. What I told 
you exactly when the plants will come, our turnover would be around INR 
400 crore to INR 500 crore. But in next 2 to 3 years, we will deal with the 
private millers or buying rice and marketing in our brand. By the time the 
plant comes in, we'll do a turnover of around 100 plus. So we are on track. 
Just for gobindobhog, it will take some more time. Otherwise, for both the 
varieties of kolam and sona masoori, we are on track. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Continuing on the previous participant has asked all my questions relating 
to that itself, continuing on that. Currently, we see the rice market at around 
100 million metric tons, out of which 7 million metric tons approximately 
basmati. So that is the addressable market that the company was working 
with until now. So with these 3 varieties of rice, what will our addressable 
market expand to? 
 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. Nitin, I think what you are asking is that with the 3 varieties that Anoop 
ji has mentioned, what is the market size that we see? Is that your question? 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes. Total market. 

Page 9 of 15 
 
 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
You were talking of the regional rice, we are looking at the top line of 
minimum INR 500 crore. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes, so these 3 varieties, out of the whole rice bucket, how much would it 
be in India? 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
Nitin, you see these 3 varieties, it's a very, very big market, maybe in millions, 
but I am talking of a very aged and value-added products which is being sold 
to the consumer at around INR 80 to INR 100 a kilo. It is a 1-year, 1.5-year 
aged rice and marketed in 1 kilo pack or a 5-kilo pack. So the market for that 
is quite limited, and I'm looking to capture to that market around 20% of this 
market. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood, sir. So you won't be looking at the extensive reach of the whole 
market as such, you are saying, to convert it from non-branded to branded? 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
Yes, that's right, Nitin, you're right. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care Portfolio 
Managers Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
Sir, you mentioned about freight costs reducing by 1/3 compared to the peak. 
But can you give us a guidance about what it had been sequentially? For 
example, what was in September quarter and what you are seeing now? 
Other expenses, it's not drastically changed. 
 
Anil Mittal: 
September to now, it has not drastically come down. It started coming down 
from the month of April only. Let me give you an example. For Saudi Arabia 
Dammam, the container freight rate was $2,200. And, it has been reducing 
at the rate of US$ 100 every month. Today, we are paying only $800. Earlier, 
we used to pay just  $300. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And you still expect further reduction from this $800? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Yes. I feel it will come down to $300 to $400. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, you mentioned about this export duty, this 20% on the rice 
other than the basmati and the parboiled exemption. So has there been any 
impact on the price of the basmati rice? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
There was never any restriction on Basmati. It has always been open and 
the Government never touched basmati rice at all. And neither it is in the 
procurement program of the government. It has always remained a free 
trade as far as Basmati is concerned. But, yes, as regards non-basmati, the 
prices are reduced to that extent so that the price of the duty-paid rice 
remains the same as that of the original price without payment of duty. So 
rice prices have come down by 20%. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
No, my question is, was there any indirect impact because of this export duty 
on our basmati rice prices? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
No, not at all.  There is no impact – direct or indirect, on Basmati prices. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, you mentioned that your inventory, you plan to increase 
that 20%, 25% compared to last year. And considering the cash that we have 
of around INR1,500 crore, INR 1,600 crore, so do you believe we'll run into 
borrowing to reach that inventory level? Or we'll still go debt free, which had 
been for last 2, 3 years? 

Page 10 of 15
 
 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
Yes, you see we are very comfortable as far as debt is concerned. But this 
year, since paddy, what Anil just said, 10%, 15% lesser, that is lesser of the 
closing price. If we look at the opening price of last year, we are higher by 
10%, 15%. That is my cost of paddy this year compared to last year would 
be higher by 15% to 20%. And number two, I'll be buying more quantity by 
not even 25%, it can go up to 30%, 35% more buying, because our demand 
in Saudi Arabia has gone up, our demand in domestic market and 
requirement of the branded rice has gone up. So because whatever paddy 
we buy today, we have to take it in mind for the next 2 years. So looking at 
our demand, we will be buying 30% to 35% extra. That means 15% prices 
more, 30%, paddy is more. So we'll be taking around INR1,000 crore, 
INR1,500 crore from the bank this year. And naturally, our ROCE will 
become better. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
Yes, that was my question. So there will be borrowing because of that higher 
inventory. 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
Naturally. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
And sir, HoReCa growth segment, any idea how did it grow in last quarter? 
Overall what is the contribution of sales. 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
We got a big benefit in HoReCa due to the abolition of 5% GST on a pack 
above 25 kg. Now our every pack which is of HoReCA is 30 kilos which is 
out of GST ambit. Number two, we are doing all our 30 kg sales in India Gate 
or Unity or our registered brands. Previous year, we used to pay 5% GST 
and our competitors were not paying any tax because they were not 
branding under their registered brand. So that was a big benefit, and we are 
getting this benefit in third quarter. You will see in quarter 3 our HoReCa 
sales, especially in the domestic market, will take a jump. And I should not 
say, but it will take a jump of nearly 50% more in quarter 3, what I am 
expecting. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And last, this EBITDA margin of 20% to 23% that we have achieved 
in this quarter, would you believe that we should consider this as a one-off? 
And historically, 19%, 20% or 18%, 20% should be considered? 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
I tell you, frankly, our EBITDA, in general, in the normal term is ranging from 
16% to 19%. But 22%, it has come because of inventory gains. And KRBL, 
we carry too much of old stocks. So, there's always an inventory gain. So, 
19% to 23% is the range what KRBL is working. If we have an inventory 
gain, it can go to 22%, 23%, otherwise 19% is always there. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anand Venugopal from BMSPL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Anand Venugopal: 
So, I have just a question, like could you help me understand what is the 
current state of basmati rice industry? And how are prices of basmati rice 
holding up? And what is the outlook for business? And what is the outlook 
for basmati rice prices going into 2023? And lastly, what are the demand and 
supply factors that are leading to this outlook? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Let me tell you, whether it is domestic or exports, basmati consumption 
has been increasing every year by 6% to 7%. This is the normal trend.  
However, there is a huge potential for domestic market to grow, because  
the current consumption level  of basmati rice in domestic market is just 3% 
as compared to non-basmati rice. 

Page 11 of 15
 
 
 
We consume around 95 million tonnes of non-basmati rice annually, 
whereas basmati rice consumption is just 2.5 million tonnes. So, as you can 
well imagine, there is a very big scope of growth for basmati trade as far as 
domestic market is concerned. 
 
Now, talking about the industry, I must say the industry is indeed doing 
exceedingly well.  New plants are coming up and new markets are opening. 
Saudi Arabia used to import only 700,000 tonnes. I can’t understand what 
magic has happened in the last 2 – 3 years, their market size has grown to 
one million tonne plus. Same is the picture everywhere.  Iran has always 
been a big buyer. Day by day, the demand of Iran is increasing. Let me tell 
you, if Iran doesn't have a payment problem or U.S. sanctions problem, Iran 
can import from India around 1.6 – 1.7 million tonnes. Their own production 
is depleting day by day because of urbanization & higher cost. Same is the 
case with Iraq. Iraq used to produce a lot of rice earlier, but their production is 
coming down day by day. Thus, they are becoming more dependent on 
basmati rice. Similarly, America used to be a market of 60,000 - 70,000 
tonnes. In just 6 months this year, they have imported 100,000 tonnes. It 
was a surprising news, and 100,000 tonnes is a very big quantity indeed. 
 
The only drawback or setback to Indian Basmati is the European countries. 
And I believe that with the scientific research and the new type of pest-
resistant varieties, we will have a good going in the European markets as 
well from next year onwards. So, rice industry is doing good, new plants are 
coming, plants are going for expansion and the industry has made money 
last year and it's running very well. 
 
Anand Venugopal: 
Okay. Just in regards to prices, how is it going to go into 2023? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
It is too early to talk about prices.  Just imagine, if somebody asks what would  
be the dollar price after 2 months, can anyone answer with certainty?  We 
expect price to go up. But we do not know whether they will rise or not. We 
don’t work on speculation in KRBL. Our margins are good. I think Anoop 
wants to give reply to this. Okay. 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
But he's right. We cannot say, but our expectation is looking at the crop and 
the demand. And the carryforward stock in the industry was practically zero 
this year. So, everyone is taking rice, and we expect the prices to be higher. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from  the line of  Mohit  Khanna from  Banyan  Capital 
Advisors Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
Sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers here. I have one question, that 
if your cost of paddy this year, cost of procurement of paddy this year is 
higher by 15%, 20%, how do you decide or come up with the selling price 2 
years out after maturing it? So is it something that we have to deal with that 
type of pricing? Or is there any pricing mechanism in between? 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
You see, definitely, when today, I am buying paddy which is higher by 10% 
to 15% higher to the opening price of last year. If you look at the closing 
price, I am still lower by 10% to 15%. So, our pricing after 2 years is 
comfortable. I mean, after 2 years, my certain SKUs, even if I don't change 
my prices, my EBITDA is very good, there is no problem. But looking at the 
market, we can see after 2 years, even we have to increase 5%, 7% or 10%. 
But the question is there is even where we have to decrease the rice, looking 
at the present scenario. So we are comfortable as far as pricing is concerned 
because of our brand. It is fully shielded by our brand. Mr. Mittal will tell you. 

Page 12 of 15
 
 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Yes, whenever we go to the ministry,  we  always compare  basmati rice with 
whiskey and wines. Basmati is the only grain in the world where the older it 
is, the better. And, we have been working on this basis only, whether it is GI 
or it is pricing. But we found out that  it is not commercially viable to age the 
rice for more than 2 years, because cost, interest and so many things are 
involved. That is why we have kept it at 2 years. 
 
Last year we fell short by just few hundred tonnes of 2-year old stocks. We 
went to the market and were willing to pay even Rs.50 / kg extra for a 2-year 
old Basmati rice. Much to our astonishment, not a single kilo was available. 
I can confidently say, that in the whole of India nobody other than KRBL is 
having 2-year old Basmati stocks as of today. This is where our advantage 
comes into play. We stand a cut above others clearly in terms of pricing & 
quality.  
 
Anoop Gupta: 
And I would like to add one thing in the last 30 years of KRBL history, KRBL 
has never done inventory devaluation. It is always lower than the market 
price, and that is the reason why we carry aged rice. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care Portfolio 
Managers Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
You mentioned that you plan to procure 30%, 35% more quantity. But 
production is concerned, you mentioned either it will be likely to be the same 
as last year or it will be 5% to 7% higher. So how do we believe that we'll be 
able to procure such a higher quantity? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
We have 40 years’ experience of buying & milling Basmati paddy, and we 
understand the pulse of the market. Every year we have to assess which 
way the market would go, whether the prices will go up or down or would 
remain the same. We follow our instincts.  
 
There are 3, 4 advantages with KRBL. Our carrying cost is lower compared 
to the industry. We always make cash payment to the farmer and others, 
and thus we get 3% to 4% cheaper paddy from the market compared to 
many. I will not say we are the only ones who work like this, but our payment 
to the farmer is so excellent that we always get a cheaper paddy. Thirdly is 
the brand, the premium on the brands. 
 
Given these 3 points, we cannot afford at any cost to remain without the raw 
material.  We cannot go to the market after 6 or 7 months in search of the right 
quality of paddy or rice. As I said earlier, we fell short by a very small quantity last 
year and we couldn’t get any quantities even when we were ready to pay extra. 
So, this year, we have decided to buy more quantities, looking to the price 
levels, inflation and all other costs. I was thinking of 25%, but Anoop said 
that we are going to buy 35% higher volumes over last year. 
 
Amit Doshi: 
And sir, in this Europe market that the new variety with less residue of 
pesticide, what kind of market it would be like, for example, Saudi today is 
around INR1,000 crore plus so in future whatever 3-year, 5-year once this 
commercialization gets, what could be the size of Europe market which you 
believe? 

Page 13 of 15
 
 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Total European Market for Indian basmati rice is 400,000 tonnes or so.  
98% of this volume is in the form of brown rice because there is no duty on 
brown rice. And white rice has a duty of EURO 160  - 170  per tonne, which 
makes is commercially unviable for White rice to be exported to Europe. 
However, some brands like India Gate are being exported, but the quantities 
are very small. However, there is a good news. Out of the 400,000 plus 
market, 150,000 tonnes are being purchased by U.K. alone, and balance 
250,000 tonnes by other EU countries.  
 
There has been a very big pressure on both the governments to come on a 
free trade arrangement with each other. They want their whiskeys and wines 
to come without duty into India. And India wants it agriculture produce to go 
without duty over there. But since India is at a bigger loss, they are more 
interested and they are finding the mechanism where both countries are on 
a win-win situation. 
 
If that happens, let me tell you, that 150,000 tonne market will straightaway 
come to India and it would be white rice. It will be like other Middle East 
countries. Otherwise, the total market is 400,000 tonnes, and out of which 
250,000 tonnes are to other European countries, 150,000 is U.K. Whether it 
is white rice or whether it is brown rice, it has to be pesticide-compliant. 
Therefore, I think it will take 3 years. Next year, we will be able to do some 
quantities, maybe 100,000-  120,000. The next year, it will be 250,000 or 
300,000. And in three years, about 70% of our entire basmati production 
would be pesticide-free. 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
What is today share? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Today share in Europe is very little, may be 100,000.MT. And out of that,        
75% is to U.K. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Manish Bhandari from Vallum Capital 
Advisors Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Bhandari: 
Two questions. One, your observation related to the demand in U.S., which 
has surprised you as well as demand in Saudi Arabia. So, there is some 
inventory hoarding which is happening in any of these countries? Or the 
natural consumption has gone up? So one, I wanted to know from you on 
this. 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Manish, as far as Saudi is concerned, it is not that this year they have 
imported 1 million. Actually, if you look at the figures for last 4, 5 years, they 
used to import  600,000 tonnes 5 years back. . It increased to 700,000 
tonnes, and then to 780,000 tonnes and this year it has been 1 million 
tonnes. They always stock big quantities. It is not something they have 
started doing today. They have been following this practice of stocking huge 
quantities for past more than 20 years. May be they are having a stock of 
50,000 tonnes but it cannot be a stocking base of 1 million tonnes. It could 
be 40,000 -  50,000 tonnes. They might have purchased more rice this year, 
but I think for this year also, they are going to buy not less than 900,000 to 1 
million tonnes. 

Page 14 of 15
 
 
 
Manish Bhandari: 
Okay. And my second question was related to your guidance in Saudi. So, 
FY'24 can be some INR600 crore plus number for Saudi exports of KRBL, 
which may include HoReCa or may not include HoReCa? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
No, we are looking at the INR1,000 crore market by FY'24. 
 
Manish Bhandari: 
Which includes HoReCa segment for Saudi. 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Which includes HoReCa, definitely, which includes HoReCa. 
 
Manish Bhandari: 
Okay. And my last question is related to this pesticide-free Europe, which 
may be something what you have to export to Europe. So, you would do the 
same thing in India also, pesticide-free? 
 
Anil Mittal: 
No. Today, whatever we are able to buy pesticide-free, it is totally for exports 
because domestic market doesn't have those type of restrictions and bar. . 
Please understand that what is being stated by various governments is that 
the pesticide levels are on the basis of what is being followed in Japan. You 
will be surprised to know that the pesticide residue levels being followed by 
Japan are much higher than the norms fixed by Indian Government. This is 
nothing but a non-tariff barrier, and we have to fight it out. But, our scientists 
are intelligent and capable. They have already come out with a solution, and 
they have already come out with such a quality of seeds which are pest 
resistant and virtually no pesticides will be required to cultivate them.  
 
 
Manish Bhandari: 
Sure. And sir, last, maybe one more question related to long back, you had 
a vision of having a portion of turnover in a non-rice and non-Basmati. So 
where are we? Is there any thoughts on that? 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
Yes, we are working, but we will be on a value-added product where the 
margins and EBITDA is more than 40%, 50%. But we are looking at rice bran 
oil, which will take some time, but we are looking at it. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Aggarwal from Leeway 
Investments Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Sir, I have two questions. One is last year, at the same time, you were talking 
about buying a food company. But after that, there has been no discussion 
on that. And the other question is, sir, some e-commerce companies are 
launching their private labels. So will it affect our market share, especially if 
the market has their own brand? So in future is this a competition for us? 
 
Ashish Jain: 
So Amit, your voice was not very clear. So, I'll just confirm what you were 
asking. I think your first question was around what is the update on 
acquisition? And I think your second question was that the impact of private 
label launches in India on the domestic front. 
 
Amit Aggarwal: 
I feel like that some market has their own brand, like BB Royal. 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
Yes, let me answer the first question. The second will be answered by 
Ayush. We are still looking at any food company. We are open to it. You see, 
there are a lot of consultants come to our office and discuss. We are open 
to it. If any opportunity comes, cash is already there in the balance sheet. 
We don't have any issues. 
 
Amit Aggarwal: 
But sir, last year, you said that you were almost buying some company by 
December 2021. 

Page 15 of 15
 
 
 
Anoop Gupta: 
No, no, that was I mean, it never happened. It never materialized. We were 
looking at it. We were hopeful we'll get by December, but it never 
materialized. 
 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Private label about e-commerce companies. 
 
Ayush Gupta: 
Yes. On the private label e-com side of the business, I believe there aren’t 
many e-commerce players right now doing private labeling, especially in the 
basmati rice segment, barring Big Basket, which is doing that. But even in 
Big Basket, we enjoy close to 45% category share. So, the private label 
scope is very limited at the moment, and it is mainly due to their margin 
expansion strategy. So on private label, they are able to garner a better 
margin compared to national brands. So, from that perspective, they have 
that in the portfolio. And private labeling is also more pertinent in the regional 
rice category rather than basmati rice. So, in the overall e-commerce space, 
it's a very small play at the moment, done by one player from a strategic 
perspective, as I said. 
 
Amit Aggarwal: 
But in future, that can be a big risk to our brands because e-commerce is 
taking more and more share, more business-like of the whole market. 
 
Ayush Gupta: 
We see e-commerce to be a very consumer-focused channel. So, consumer 
demand and brand strength continue to be the prominent drivers to sale. So 
private label player does not stand to gain a lot of penetration or market 
share from an e-commerce perspective because the consumers are more 
brand-conscious and less price conscious, I would say. 
 
Moderator: 
We take that as the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
 
Anil Mittal: 
Thank you. We are thankful to all the investors for their patient hearing, and 
there were insights for us also to learn from their questions, and I hope we 
will try to further provide and give them better results for all times to come, I 
can promise that also. And we are trying our level best to make you happy 
and to show that we are the real big rice company with a tradition of doing 
business. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, members of the management team. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of KRBL Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
