  
 
22nd November, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: 532934 
Symbol: PPAP 
  
Subject: Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 
2022 
Dear Sir,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 enclosing herewith transcript of earnings 
conference call held on Wednesday 16th November 2022 to discuss financial results for the 
quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2022. 
 The 
transcripts 
are 
also 
available 
on 
Company's 
website 
at: 
https://www.ppapco.in/assets/pdf/quarterly_reports/PPAP_Automotive_Q2FY23_Transcript.p
df 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
 
Pankhuri Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
PANKHURI 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by PANKHURI AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=66d500a5c14a6b7ea42c258
6df4d52d6e6b09f8d63d67226645d3090e
6f2a6d9, postalCode=201001, st=UTTAR 
PRADESH, 
serialNumber=3c5cb42087c3255c3ff07a4
e4fc771f8f08c0796ee464df8b34d770d69
4aa473, cn=PANKHURI AGARWAL 
Date: 2022.11.22 16:38:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
“PPAP Automotive Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 16, 2022 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all 
information should be verified with the company by the reader 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
      
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PPAP AUTOMOTIVE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – PPAP 
AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR – PPAP 
AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED 
 
 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
PPAP Automotive Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain, MD and CEO of PPAP Automotive 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Steven. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our quarter 2 financial year 
'23 earnings call. I am joined by my colleague, Mr. Sachin Jain, who is the CFO for the company; 
and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. I hope everyone has had a chance to through our 
investor presentation, which includes the strategy for making the company and its subsidiaries 
stronger, resulting in higher growth going forward, along with the financial performance for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022.  
The global economy is still witnessing multiple headwinds such as elevated crude oil prices, 
inflationary pressures on the raw material front, higher interest rates etcetera. Despite such 
challenging macroeconomic scenario, the Indian economy is resilient and growing steadily. The 
automobile industry recorded healthy sales in financial year 2023 so far. The Passenger Vehicle 
segment reported a sales growth of 37% on a year-on-year basis from 17.5 lakh vehicles to 24.07 
lakh vehicles between April to October 2022.  
The industry has witnessed a strong festive season. However, longer waiting period for cars and 
semiconductor issues still prevail in the sector. The demand for vehicles will continue to gain 
momentum and will lead to industry growth in the second half of the financial year as well. The 
Indian auto component industry is in a sweet spot and will grow on account of the increase in 
vehicle production and exports. There has been a significant thrust by the government in terms 
of battery swapping policy, PLI scheme and promoting semiconductor manufacturing in Asia.  
The adoption of EV is proven to be a catalyst for the automotive industry growth, both in two-
wheelers segments and passenger vehicles. I'm delighted to share that all our products are engine 
agnostic, which enables PPAP to cater to all the OEMs and all of their models. Apart from the 
routine products, we are also taking up special projects for electric vehicles and are doing 
development on the charger side for these OEMs.  
Now let me throw some light on our businesses. PPAP was established in 1978 for 
manufacturing customer made extrusion products. Today, the company, along with its 
subsidiaries and joint venture companies delivers value-added products to various customers in 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
automotive and ancillary industries. The company's core confidence is in developing plastic and 
rubber-based extrusion systems as well as plastic injection molding systems for various 
industries.  
The company also focuses on developing high-precision injection tooling. The company started 
its journey of achieving global-level excellence in 1985 with the start of the automotive business. 
Over the years, the company strives to delight with customers in the automotive industry as well 
as in the industrial products industry. PPAP growth is poised to establish itself as a leading 
product solutions company in the area of its core competence.  
We are also a solution provider of designing and manufacturing of plastic injection mold. These 
mold cater to the requirements of various industries such as automotive, white goods, medical, 
electrical and related industries. This business has a huge potential of growth because every 
company is now facing global logistics challenges and everybody is focusing on derisking their 
operations and adopting China One Plus policy.  
The company has also started industrial product division, which is an extension of the core 
competence of plastic and rubber processing to neighboring industries other than automotive. 
We are developing application engineering products for various industries. With the advent of 
electrification of the industry, PPAP has established itself as one of the leading manufacturers 
of lithium ion-based battery packs solution provider for mobility, two-wheeler and three-wheeler 
and storage applications.  
We have also set our foothold in the aftermarket business with development and sales of spare 
parts and accessories business. The business is done in 100% owned subsidiary of Elpis 
Componencs. The focus is on developing a pan-India distribution network with both offline and 
online models. 
We have received a robust traction for our products and our endeavor is to achieve 10% of total 
revenue going forward from this business segment. We already have a network of 100-plus 
dealer distributors, which are being spread out all throughout the length and the breadth of the 
country. The group has started its journey for achieving ESG standards with the objective of 
running the operations sustainably and responsibly. Through the company CSR initiatives, there 
is a constant focus on enriching people banks in areas of environment, education and health. The 
group supports various biodiversity parts by planting and sustaining native trees to improve the 
environmental conditions. 
Now let me throw some light on the financial performance and key developments for quarter 2 
and half year of financial year '23. For the standalone PPAP, our revenue grew by 19.6% from 
INR 103.8 crores to INR 124 crores on a year-on-year basis. The company clocked a sales 
growth of 31.8% in the first six months of financial year '23 as compared to the same period last 
year. EBITDA grew by 6.3% from INR 11.7 crores to INR 12.5 crores in the quarter. Similarly, 
it witnessed a sharp uptick from INR 15.2 crores to INR 25 crores resulted in a growth of 63.7% 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
in the first half. EBITDA margins improved from 8.4% to 10.4% in the first half of this financial 
year.  
PAT stood at INR 5.3 crores in the first half against a loss of INR 0.7 crores in the previous year 
first half. 90% of our revenue is derived from part sales and the balance is drive from tools and 
others. Maruti Suzuki continues to be the largest customer of PPAP. During this period, we've 
been awarded by excellence and best quality by one of our customers Asahi India private limited. 
Our capacity utilization for the quarter under review stood at 80%. This capacity utilization has 
seen an improvement trend quarter-on-quarter basis, and we aim to achieve higher operational 
efficiencies with this utilization getting improved.  
The Board of Directors has announced a dividend of INR 1 per share that is 10% of the face 
value of INR 10 to all the shareholders during the Board meeting held for quarter 2 results. For 
the consolidated PPAP, our aftermarket business is now profitable and continuously adding 
value to the top line and the bottom line.  
For consolidated results, we recorded a revenue growth of 36.3% from INR 184.7 crores in the 
first half of last year compared to INR 251 crores in the first half of this year. EBITDA has 
increased from INR 13.4 crores in the first half last year to INR 21.4 crores in first half of this 
year.  
Just to give you an overall summary, the five business segments noted above and explained 
about will act as growth levers for the company. The semiconductor issue has been easing out 
now and will take some more time to be completely normal. Going forward, the macroeconomic 
factors will be favorable, coupled with the industry growth, that will enable us to take the best 
sreide forward in capturing the market and catering to new models of all the OEMs.  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your kind listening. We will be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. Over to you Stephen. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Akash Mehta from Capaz Investments.  
Akash Mehta: 
I mainly have two questions. The first one on the EV business. So what is the current order book 
for our EV business? And what is our progress with major OEMs in the two-wheeler segment? 
Abhishek Jain: 
 
Sorry, could you repeat the second question, please? 
Akash Mehta: 
So what is the progress that we made towards tie-up major OEMs in the two-wheeler segment? 
That would be the second one. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, Akash. For the EV business, apart from focusing on the plastic parts for our basic 
focus for EV business is, first, we want to extend our product range, which is existing products 
to all the EV makers. So passenger vehicle side, we already are doing business with Tata Motors 
and MG for their electric vehicles. And these products are our plastic extrusion system and some 
of injection-molding products. For EV, we've also done one project for developing the charger 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
body for Tata Motors. Apart from this, now we are focusing on developing special part for EV 
makers. So soon, we will be starting our business with Okinawa.  
Moderator: 
Mr. Mehta, sir, may we request to keep the phone a little away from your mouth so we can hear 
your breathing sound. 
Abhishek Jain: 
For the second focus on EV, we are developing the lithium-ion battery packs for two-wheeler 
and three-wheeler segments. So in this segment, as you know, that now government has 
introduced new rules and regulations out of which, Phase I is going to start implement, rolling 
out from December '22 onwards. So currently, we are developing products according to those 
regulations and getting them certified from iCAT so that we can be ready for all these according 
to the new regulations. Currently, we are doing business with one customer on the three-wheeler 
side. And we are doing business with three customers on the two-wheeler side, which we are 
making lithium-ion battery packs. 
Akash Mehta: 
 
And what would be the current order book for the overall EV business? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Current order book, very difficult to say right now because this market is still going under 
transformation. So I think next quarter, we'll be having a much more better visibility. 
Akash Mehta: 
And if I may just ask one last one. What is the percentage share of the revenue that we derive 
from the core passenger vehicle vertical? And what would be that for the other vertical? 
Sachin Jain: 
 
Passenger vehicle contribute around 90% of our total revenue. 
Akash Mehta: 
 
90%. Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Anupama Bhoota from Arihant Capital. 
Anupama Bhoota: 
Just wanted to understand if you can give us business breakup for aftermarket and other 
businesses. 
Sachin Jain: 
On the consolidated basis in this quarter, so the automotive contribute around 92%. And 
aftermarket is 3%. And the rest 5% is our business in commercial tool room industrial product 
and the batteries 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Biraj Shah from Shah Investments. 
Biraj Shah: 
So I have a couple of questions. The consolidated inventory has jumped from INR 56 crores in 
March 22 to INR 78 crores in September ’22, can you explain the reason for the same? 
Sachin Jain: 
Basically, the inventory is -- there are two reasons for increasing the inventories the material the 
material because the EV division is under, we can see that the development phase, so we have 
bought some material in advance requirement on the customer demand. So that's why the 
inventory has gone up in that unit. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Further in PPAP also case as we know, we are also in the commercial cooling business and the 
maturation period is quite high and we also need to buy that tool for our customer also. So we 
develop the tool for the customer also and that's the timing of sales depend on the SOP of the 
particular model. So that why inventory has gone up if you compare with the March timing. 
Biraj Shah: 
And sir, could you throw some light on any new product that has been developed by the company 
in the automotive segment? 
Abhishek Jain: 
New products is Toyota hyryder, which has been launched or Maruti, Vitara, Brezza is there, 
new Alto, which has been launched. We are supplying parts for that vote. And MG, we are 
already supplying for all the models. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghvendra Goyal from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Raghvendra Goyal: 
So, I just want to ask on the lithium-ion battery pack. So, are we importing cells from outside 
the market in India and just assembling and providing to the OEMs or we have manufacturing 
them in-house? 
Abhishek Jain: 
No, this is lithium-ion battery pack business, which we are in. So lithium-ion battery is not 
available in India right now. So we have to import it from outside. And then we are doing the 
design and validation part of the battery back and manufacturing it according to the customer 
specification. 
Raghvendra Goyal: 
Okay. So basically, we are just importing and providing under our brand name, the quality 
testing only if I get it right. 
Abhishek Jain: 
The complete designing of the pacific is being done by us for our customer. It is not just we are 
buying and selling it in the market, but we designed it along with our customers. 
Raghvendra Goyal: 
Second would be with respect to targeted products like motor controllers. So will you be looking 
for any partners for developing these products or we have the capability of manufacturing the 
same within the requirement of our customers? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Currently, we are focusing primarily on lithium-ion battery packs because this is our huge 
opportunity in front of us. We intend to develop all the other parts as well. But right now, our 
primary priority is to become a leader for lithium-ion battery packs in the country. So we want 
to establish ourselves as one of the top players of this industry and give good quality and reliable 
product to the customer. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Jain from Globe Capital. 
Anuj Jain: 
I just want to understand results from on the consolidated basis side because on the consolidated 
basis, our operating margin has gone down on Y-on-Y and month-on-month basis also and 
there's just the share of the JV profit of JV that has -- that loss has increased to 2.5 crores. Could 
you please just explain this portion? 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
 
Sorry, what is your question Mr. Jain? 
Anuj Jain: 
I want to understand results on the consolidated basis because on the consolidated basis, our 
margins have gone down and this share of the profit of JV, the loss has been increased Y-on-Y 
and quarter-on-quarter. We have posted some minus INR 2.5 crores figures. So I just want to 
understand on the consolidated basis, if I look at it. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. So consolidation is basically happening of three companies in PPAP. One is our 
aftermarket subsidiary, Elpis component, which is already positive contribution. Second is PPAP 
Technology Limited, which is the lithium-ion battery pack company. This company is still not 
positive, but negative 4% issues are there. This is primarily because of the market changing and 
the regulation is coming about, and we expect that from next quarter onwards, January onwards 
when the regulations are in place, things will get much better. 
Third, consolidation, which happenes is of our joint venture company, which is PTI, it is a 50-
50 joint venture between PPAP and Tokai Kogyo. This company established in 2012 for rubber 
products. Now issue with this company is we've done all the tread wear analysis. And in last one 
year, the rubber prices have unexpectedly gone up. And because of that, this company has come 
in loss. So as countermeasures, we are discussing with our customers now to give us price 
increase. We've already had several meetings with them. 85% of the sales of this company is for 
Maruti. And the rest is for Honda, Toyota, Isuzu, et cetera. So we are discussing with Maruti 
about price increase. 
We represented to them, we've had a couple of meetings about establishing what the gain and 
everything is. So now I think sooner than later, we should be getting this price increase. As soon 
as this price increase comes, this company should again become in green. Apart from this, there 
are other two focuses, which we are doing to make this company more profitable. One is 
improving our internal material yield ratio. And second is we are doing alternate development 
of material sources. So both -- all these three counter measures put together, they will make sure 
that this company remains in green going forward. 
All these actions are already initiated. It is just a matter of time now but once these actions get 
implemented and then we'll start seeing effects coming in on the balance sheet side. But now I 
think are 100% here, our action plan to make this company profitable is also quite clear. We see 
the direction. The only thing is the timing of implementation, which is pending now. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anirudh Singhi from Dalal & Broacha. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
So my question is regarding the lithium-ion business. So who are customers right now? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So we have two customers for 3-wheeler business and three customers for the 2-wheeler 
business. And a couple of customers for the solar side as well. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Okay. And what revenue are we doing right now? What is the potential at capacity? 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Total potential at capacity would be about INR 80 crores to INR 100 crores. We have three lines 
set up already. Two for making cylindrical cell assembly and one for prismatic cells. Right now, 
we are doing a revenue of INR 3 crores in this quarter, but things should start improving from 
next quarter onwards when this new regulation starts coming in, and we are giving iCAT-
certified products to the customer. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
So did any of our products face any issues in terms of fire? 
Abhishek Jain: 
No, not really. Our complete processes has enough checkpoints from incoming quality to in-
process quality check to final testing of products. We're doing a lot of testing before we sell this 
product to the customer. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Okay. And could you give us some sense of the pricing per megawatt hour? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Pricing in what sense? 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Pricing versus direct imports. 
Abhishek Jain: 
No, I didn't understand your question. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
I as an OEM, if I were to buy from PPAP versus importing directly from China Korea. 
Abhishek Jain: 
No, I think our customers, they're not really comparing our cost to such systems of importing 
from China or somewhere because if they want to take benefit under the same scheme, then they 
have to localize this product. So the costing and everything, of course, the cell costing is 
transparent. So people have idea about it. But they don't compare generally the cost of the 
complete battery pack imported or broken. And it's not that they have an option of buying 
imported battery pack. If they do that, then they won't get sales subsidy. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Okay. So what -- so would it be about $100 per megawatt pricing? 
Abhishek Jain: 
I'm sorry, I don't have that data point right now with me. So we can get back to you on that. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Okay. So just for example, for this quarter, it's INR 3 crore of revenue, what was the volume in 
terms of megawatt-hour? 
Abhishek Jain: 
I'm sorry, I don't have that data as well. We will get back to you on that specific point. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Sure. And apart from the current clients, what are the other clients that we're looking at? 
Abhishek Jain: 
We are developing five more products for our customers, which should come into mass 
production for next year onwards, next quarter actually. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Shah from Sreenath Securities. 
Anuj Shah: 
So now that we have reached 80% capacity utilization level, what is the peak utilization we 
should expect in this financial year? 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Sachin Jain: 
On the full-year basis, we are expecting to achieve around 80% capacity utilization as we are 
expecting a demand in H2 in that as well capacity utilization of 72% in first quarter. So full-year 
basis, we are expecting somewhere between 80% to 85%. 
Anuj Shah: 
And sir, what is our current debt-to-equity ratio? And what will it be by the end of FY '23? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sorry, can you repeat? 
Anuj Shah: 
Debt equity ratio, Current debt-equity ratio at the end of the year 
Sachin Jain: 
So the current debt-equity ratio on the stand-alone basis is 0.38 and end of the year, we are 
expecting somewhere around 0.35. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prachi Sharma from ACE Capital. 
Prachi Sharma 
I just have a very small question. What is the per-car contribution from Maruti and others? If 
you could just give me the data. 
Abhishek Jain: 
First, our contribution for Maruti, it ranges from INR 2,500 to INR 3,000. For Honda, it is INR 
6,000 to INR 7,000. Similarly for MG also, there are models which we've gone up to INR 6,500. 
And currently, Tata is about INR 1,400. Next year, this INR 1,400 will go up to INR 3,000 per 
vehicle. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI Securities. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Just wanted to get a sense what is the production schedule you're getting from Maruti per se for 
November, December and going forward. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Maruti still continues to be strong. We do not have any revision or something from them. 
Demand is quite strong for them. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Are producing at the rate of... Line specific numbers or... So they have been produced at the rate 
of 1.7 lakh per month. So do you see an uptick from here on or the steady-state number which 
will be retained for the rest of the year? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, in October, they did about 1.65 lakhs. November, we are planning, including SMG is 1.72 
lakh. And INR 1.72 lakh, I think includes the vehicles which we are producing in Toyota plant 
as well. So just one for maximum for this year, any monthly volume which we got from Maruti 
was about 1.94 lakhs per month. But I think they had a hard time in achieving that volume. I 
think somewhere between 1.7 to 1.8  per month. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Onto a path of profitability, you've been guiding that you'll be reaching with the OEMs. So this 
was a time when you used to go of double-digit return ratios, healthy margin profiles. So now 
going forward, how do you see -- so next year, 24, we have a double-digit return ratios, 14%, 
15% EBITDA margin profile or you feel that, that is not the case anymore with PPAP 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Automotive because our performance of the profitability continues to be and it's been quite some 
time that has not improved. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. We understand that it's taking time for us to come back to higher profit levels than compared 
to the previous level. But we understand what all others problems behind it, and we are taking 
countermeasures and actions to overcome all those. Our basic problem has been that this 
unprecedented rise of commodity prices caught us unguarded. That was the major problem for 
us. But on a stand-alone basis, we are seeing softening of all these prices happening. 
So profitability is going to rise as a result of that. On a consolidated basis, our main problem 
was this joint venture company getting into a loss situation. As I explained to the previous 
speaker, there are three areas which we identified very clearly now. And all three areas, we are 
taking strong actions. So I personally believe that it is just a matter of time. Maybe by next 
quarter onwards, we should start getting better results because the effect of all these actions, 
which we have taken over the last six months, they are going to start giving us results.  
On the margin side 21% and all what we achieved, I think that is a little difficult to achieve. If 
we were on a smaller scale something, maybe that would have been possible. But as we are 
growing the business, at least in the short term, 21% looks quite difficult, but we are quite 
comfortable in maintaining margins of about 14% to 15% going forward. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So sir, for the next of the full fiscal year in FY '24, can we expect PPAP Automotive to clock 
15% EBITDA margin? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Financial year ‘24, we should start seeing this kind of performance coming through 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So you said that you start seeing for next quarter, is that right? Or even if it takes six more months 
to witness the issue. 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. It will take at least one or two quarters to take the company shift aas mentioned that we will 
start seeing the effect of the actions which we are taking. So it is not that the next quarter itself, 
we will be able to achieve 14% kind of thing. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So directionally will move to that range. So we'll have... 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. It will move to that direction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay, individual Investor. 
Akshay: 
Okay. I have a few questions. One is regarding the lithium ion battery business. So we have a 
few customers already, but are we also reaching out to the bigger automotive players on that? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Currently, we are trying to reach out, but they already have their supply chain systems already 
full. So it is going to be a slow process in getting hold of the big players. Most of them have 
their own R&D in-house and they set up this facility in-house by themselves. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Akshay: 
All right. And the second, that you just talked about you have a talk with Maruti and other players 
for the increase in price. But if I'm not mistaken, I'm just hearing this from the last three quarters. 
So what is the issue in that? They are not willing to raise the price? 
Abhishek Jain: 
They require a lot of documents and proof and all that. So it took a lot of time to have all the 
documents or everything organized according to how they require, what they required. All that 
information comparation took a lot of time. Now, all that thing as clear completely. Now they 
are just waiting for their approval to happen from top management, which will get implemented. 
We are strongly pursuing them now. 
Akshay: 
So even if the approval happens, so we started talking from last three quarters. So will there be 
like a one-time compensation for that or they will start raising the price for maybe... 
 Sachin Jain: 
Yes, we are with customers about the one-time compensation from April onwards 
Akshay: 
Alright. Okay. Just a last question on that. I was just going through the balance sheet, and I saw 
one of the borrowing to buy one of the assets. I cannot pinpoint right now, but can you just 
elaborate on that? What is the asset that we bought it from the borrowing? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Borrowing for buying asset? 
Akshay: 
One of the assets I see we have done a borrowing for this quarter. 
Abhishek Jain: 
I don't understand what assets are you saying, what is that asset? 
Akshay: 
Okay. I'll do one thing. I can pitch it with you on the offline. I think I can take a screenshot and 
you can reply. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anika Kothari from Kothari Securities. 
Anika Kothari 
Just one question. I wanted to know how are things going on with respect to the semiconductor 
chip supply? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Things are getting better. It's not 100% resolved and it's not as bad as what it was last year. Still 
a few of our customers like MG Motors and Volkswagen, they are finding it difficult to achieve 
that production volume just because of semiconductor issues. Even our other customers, they 
are unable to make high-end vehicles because of this issue. So it's not completely overlay, but 
availability is getting eased out. And maybe by next quarter, things should stabilize down... 
Moderator: 
Ms. Kotari, you have any other questions? 
Anika Kothari: 
And wanted to ask one more thing. How long do you think it's going to take for this to get back 
to normalcy? 
Abhishek Jain: 
The semiconductor problem? 
Anika Kothari: 
Yes. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Our original expectation was, I think by quarter 1 of next year. So let's hope that happens. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain: for 
closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, Steven. I thank everyone for taking time out of their busy schedules to attend the 
conference call today. Please feel free to approach us with any questions that you may have. We 
be more than happy to show you around the facilities that have been created to service the 
customer. Last but not the least, I thank SGA Advisor for organizing this call and my team for a 
PPAP for supporting this call. Thank you very much, everyone. Have a good evening. Thank 
you all. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PPAP Automotive Limited, that concludes this conference. 
We thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
