 
 
 
 
 
 
November 19, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Company Symbol : ICIL 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code No:  521016 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call held on November 15, 2022 for Q2 & H1 FY23 
Results 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated November 15, 2022 regarding audio recording of the 
Investors’ Conference Call and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Investors’ Conference Call 
held on Tuesday, November 15, 2022 at 12.30 p.m. (IST) for Q2 & H1 FY23 Results. 
 
The transcript is also available on Company’s website at 
https://www.indocount.com/images/investor/Transcript-of-Q2-FY23-Investors%E2%80%99-
Conference-Call-held-on-November-15-2022.pdf  
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you,                                                                                                                                                                         
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Amruta Avasare 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 18844 
 
Encl.: A/a                                                                                                                                                                                 
AMRUTA 
NIHAR 
AVASARE
Digitally signed 
by AMRUTA 
NIHAR AVASARE 
Date: 2022.11.19 
17:46:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Indo Count Industries Limited 
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
DISCLAIMER: E&OE - THIS TRANSCRIPT IS EDITED FOR FACTUAL ERRORS. IN CASE OF DISCREPANCY, THE 
AUDIO RECORDINGS UPLOADED ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE ON 15th  NOVEMBER, 2022 WILL PREVAIL. FURTHER, NO 
UNPUBLISHED PRICE SENSITIVE INFORMATION WAS SHARED/DISCUSSED IN THE CALL. 
 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
MR. K.R. LALPURIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – INDO COUNT INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. K. MURALIDHARAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – INDO COUNT 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call of Indo Count Industries Limited. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult 
to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions, after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. K.R. Lalpuria, Executive Director and CEO of Indo 
Count Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
K.R Lalpuria: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all of you to the Indo Count 
Industries Q2 and H1 FY 23 Earnings Call. I extend greetings to all of you for the 
festive season and the New Year ahead. I have with me Mr. Muralidharan, our CFO; 
and Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations advisor. Happy to connect with 
you all once again to discuss the Q2 and H1 FY 23 performance. Let me start with the 
industry and business scenario during Q2 and H1 FY 23. 
                                            Global businesses have been impacted by inflation and higher interest rates. Our 
industry has been impacted by these challenges in addition to the problem of over 
investment in inventory by big box retailers. Consumers continue to focus more on 
purchase of essential products rather than discretionary purchases and this has caused 
challenges in offtake for our industry. We believe that this should continue for a couple 
of quarters.  
                                           Talking about our key markets                                                
                                           The upcoming holiday season demand is expected to be highly promotion driven. 
Currently, combination of lower consumer spends and easing logistical challenges left 
retailers with inventories that are higher than usual. However, we believe the holiday 
sales may help them get back to regular inventory levels.  
                                           Domestic scenario.  
On the domestic front, Indian economy continues to do well. The retail sector is in the 
growth mode. With the new cotton crop season coming in, we believe that India will 
be at par with other countries for cotton prices scenario.  

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Apart from that, India's efforts on the various treaty and FTA agreements, introduction 
of PLI 2 scheme and the continuation of RoSCTL will help us further to move ahead 
and be a key supplier to the global textile market. In view of the China-plus-1 strategy, 
we believe the Indian textile industry's long-term growth prospects remain unchanged. 
We believe the medium-term recovery of demand will be largely aided by the 
downward trend in pricing for the new cotton season, the resolution of supply chain 
concerns and the actions taken by the individual governments to combat inflation. 
Overall, we continue to be positive on our prospects given that we have sufficient 
capacity with our acquisition and could see better ordering patterns from the big box 
retailers in FY 24.  
We believe that as we increase our utilization levels to meet this anticipated demand 
rise, it would lead to operating leverage benefits.  
Coming to our performance and recent updates  
During the quarter, we have achieved a volume of 20.6 million meters. We have 
witnessed good traction in the domestic market for our brands, Boutique Living and 
Layers. Our e-commerce business is on a growth path and by FY '23 we are targeting 
this to contribute 10% plus of the top line. During the quarter, we have witnessed 
volatility in cotton prices. However, as a strategy, we would invest into our supply 
chain so that we are cost effective and we can service our customer better. 
Key developments 
We are committed towards investing for the growth continuously.  
GHCL acquisition: Our acquisition of the home textile business of GHCL Limited was 
completed on 2nd of April 2022. As we speak, we are intertwining the two 
manufacturing units to scale up our efficiencies and deliver a better business. We have 
gained a new set of customers via this acquisition. We will be able to offer a large 
bouquet of offerings, including a range of products from GHCL's kitty to our existing 
customers. Besides we also aim to target our existing range of products to GHCL's 
existing clientele. With this cross-selling opportunity, we will be able to realize 
synergies from this acquisition. 
Amalgamation of PSML: We have completed all the necessary steps towards the 
amalgamation of our subsidiary, Pranavaditya Spinning Mills Ltd., with the company. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
I'm also happy to update you that we are on track both in terms of timeline and cost 
with respect to our capex project which entail incremental home textile capacity from 
90 million to 108 million meters. This will operationalize by H2 FY '23.  
Cut/sew facilities and additional Top of the Bed capacity, the work is in progress and 
this will also complete by H2 FY '23. 
Enhancement of spinning capacity to 68,000 spindles with a capex of INR 270 crores 
is on track and this also will complete by H2 FY '23.  
Now some updates on the B2C and D2C segment We are advancing towards D2C 
and B2C segments through high quality product offerings across varied price points. 
Our e-commerce business is on a growth trajectory mode. We are promoting B2C and 
D2C strategies with the addition of UK distribution channel. During the quarter, we 
have launched health and wellness global brand GAIAM in US during the market week 
in September. The GAIAM home collection will feature an extensive range of bedding 
and bath solutions that will help consumers restore, relax and enjoy a better night's 
sleep. It will be available in stores and online in the US, Canada and Mexico markets 
with retail partners in spring 2023.  
All the efforts which I spoke about are focused on diversification and providing 
products with better value addition.  
ESG initiatives. We continue to remain an ESG focused organization with well-
defined principle, road map and targets. 
During the quarter, the company has achieved higher score for Higg Index FEM; 
Facility Environmental Module. The Higg Index delivers a holistic overview that 
empowers us to make meaningful improvements that protect the well-being of our 
factory workers, local communities and the environment.  
Awards and Recognition.  
I'm happy to share that Indo Count has been awarded winner in ‘Within the Fence’ 
category in CII's National Award for Excellence in Water Management. 
Apart from that, our Chairman Shri Anil Kumar Jain, has been awarded with Industrial 
Excellence Award by The Textile Association of India. This award recognizes his 
contribution towards promoting Indian textile globally and achieving industrial 
excellence in this sector.  

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Also Shri Anil Kumar Jain has been conferred with the Mahatma award for Lifetime 
Achievement in Corporate Social Responsibility, Sustainability and Social Impact. 
This is for the impact made on society through the works of Indo Count Foundation, 
which is our CSR arm.  
Now let me share with you our consolidated financial performance. 
Kindly note that Q2 FY22 financial includes RoSCTL benefits of INR 49.99 crores 
referred to a INR50 crores for the period of January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021. We 
will compare our performance therefore excluding this one off. Also note actual H1 
FY '22 figure does not include Bhilad Unit figures.  
Total income is INR 849 crores in Q2 FY 23 versus INR 767 crores in Q2 FY 22. Total 
income is INR 1,571 crores in H1 FY 23 versus INR 1,476 crores in H1 FY 22. So the 
income has increased on a Y-o-Y basis.  
EBITDA, INR 120 crores in Q2 FY 23 versus INR 139 crores in Q2 FY 22. EBITDA, 
INR 261 crores in H1 FY23 versus INR 267 crores in H1 FY22. EBITDA margin stood 
at 14.1% in Q2 FY23 versus 18.2% in Q2 FY22.EBITDA margin stood at 16.6% in 
H1 FY23 versus 18.1% in H1 FY22.  
PAT, INR 67 crores in Q2 FY '23 versus INR 85 crores in Q2 FY '22. PAT, INR 144 
crores in H1 FY23 versus INR 202 crores in H1 FY22.  
EPS, we reported an EPS of INR 3.38 in Q2 FY23. We reported an EPS of INR 7.29 
in H1 FY '23. 
Net debt during the quarter stood at INR 762 crores versus INR 906 crores in March 
22. Net debt-to-equity ratio stands at 0.47x as of 30th September '22 from 0.57x in 
March '22.  
Now this is all from my side. I now leave the floor open for the question and answers. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Bharat Chhoda from ICCI Securities Limited. 
Bharat Chhoda: 
I had a few queries on our numbers. Like current quarter we have a gross margin close 
to 51% and just wanted to know if we had any benefit of a low cost inventory from 
March 2022 over here. And also is our low cost inventory completely exhausted or 
some is still available with us? 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
K.R Lalpuria: 
Thanks, Bharat, for the question. If you look at the Q1, it was a one off because the 
quarter was covered in the season like say during December, January and February so 
it was at a competitive price. And as the price went up, we have a first-in first-out 
methodology to capture our cost. And during the quarter the price at which we 
considered our raw material cost was higher than the Q1 so there has been an impact 
on the gross margin due to this. 
And secondly, as we move forward till the end of this year because we are carrying 
high cost cotton in the Q3 as well, but the season have already started, the cotton prices 
have come down and even though it is volatile, we see that the crop size is good. So 
we expect that the price should moderate as compared to last year and it will provide 
us an opportunity for us to reduce our raw material prices going forward. 
Bharat Chhoda: 
And sir, our average realization has actually increased from INR 355 to INR 395. So 
what is the reason for this higher realization? And also with cotton prices now 
declining, would the average realization trend downwards from the next two quarters? 
Would this understanding be correct? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
No. You see the product mix keeps on a little bit changing you see as the season 
changes and of course our focus is entirely on to how we can promote further value-
added products. As we all have been saying about how we are focusing upon fashion 
bedding, utility, institutional bedding; how we are focusing on different strategies to 
promote licensed branded goods; how we are promoting B2C and D2C brands; how 
we are playing on the domestic front towards promoting our brands; how we are 
promoting the utilization of capacities going forward and building synergies on to 
operational efficiencies. 
And that's the reason you see that slowly we are trying to see how we can gain a better 
margin profile for the product which we sell and getting away from the commodity 
sale. So this is what the strategy which we have been building for the last three, four 
years, which is paying good dividends to us. So that's why you see we will see to it 
how we can improvise our margins. But as we all know that last year there were various 
impacts on too many things like say the raw material, the logistic cost, the recessionary 
trend, the inflation and the retailers having higher inventory margins. So even though 
those all impacted, but our efforts will be to see how we can sustain or improvise on 
our margin profile going forward. 
Bharat Chhoda: 
So sir, would it be fair to take this kind of a realization or should we take it trending 
lower? That is some clarity on that if you can provide because product mix would 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
obviously add to it if you're having a superior product mix, but because of cotton prices 
coming down, the entire thing probably would go down. Is it possible the realization? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
I think the cotton prices are relevant to bringing about our overall competitiveness into 
how we promote our goods overseas. And so definitely as how we are positioned into 
the mid to high segment, our endeavour is always to try and see how we can sell better 
end goods and to see how we can realize much better value for our goods that we sell. 
So these are the efforts, which I mentioned before, will help us in order to sustain to 
some level. But as we all know, there are various impacts on the global trade and this 
we all need to wait and watch and see how it stands out going forward on the margin 
side. 
Bharat Chhoda:  
And sir, could you just share GHCL volumes for either Q3 or H1 FY '23, if possible? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
So as I mentioned, you see GHCL and Kolhapur we have to take as one unit because 
you see that the whole reason we have acquired this asset to see how we can synergize 
and intertwine both the capacities to see how we can service our customer much better. 
And that's the whole reason for bringing in this addition of assets to see that not only 
our capacity build-up is there to be market ready, but also to serve the customer better 
with both cross-selling our product basket as well as you know improvising upon what 
GHCL margin profile was there going forward. So like it will be false on my part to 
provide you numbers differentiating between these two. You have to consider it as one. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Kapil Jagasia from Edelweiss Broking. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Good numbers in a difficult environment. Sir, my first question is on the demand 
outlook. Like we already are into mid-November so any improvement seen here on the 
demand environment in US or Europe markets? And also what would be our order 
book position as on today? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
See, first of all, you see the demand is still subdued. We are all expecting that once the 
holiday season ends, how the retailers have fared on to their sales. That will be the 
basis of informing you how the demand has improved or whether it is the same because 
the inflation is still continued in the US. It only moderated to some extent. But the 
geopolitical concerns or the high inflationary environment and our increase in input 
costs, all are impacting the overall sluggish demand off-take. 
So we believe that you see post the holiday season at least this would improve the 
inventory levels with the retailers at regular levels of inventory they would – the 
inventory levels would normalize I would say if the holiday sales are good. So let us 
wait and watch till the holiday season ends. This time it has delayed a little bit because 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
of the shrinking of wallet size and the inflation. So we'll be better able to tell you about 
how the demand improves in our next con call. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
And sir, like what would be the order book like for us? Has that stayed the same as 
compared to last year or like just a ballpark number would be fine? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
See, I had mentioned earlier on my con call that the first two quarters are on similar 
lines and the trend hasn't improved in Q3 and going forward Q4; we'll be able to better 
tell you in our next con call because we will witness the holiday season sales. So I 
think more or less it will be on similar lines as what we did last year. Even if we sustain 
those, at least we'll protect our market share and we'll service our customers much 
better and we'll work hand-in-hand with the customers to see how they can over tide 
this difficult situation. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Sir, my next question is the partnership in GAIAM. So like this partner -- this GAIAM, 
the offerings are at the premium end or it's a value offering? Some like colour on this 
like it would be fashion bedding or how it would be? The realization per meter would 
be how much from this end? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
So it's a very good, strong health and wellness brand in the US for the past 25 years 
and doing pretty well on that front. And they have selected us because we are in the 
comfort area where we can provide product innovations to meet out the expectations 
of the consumer, to have a better sleep. So they have similar offerings so they tied up 
with us and this strategy will help us promote value-added products.  
And the collection will feature both in the bedding and bath areas, which will help the 
consumers of currently GAIAM brand to have new product I would say and help them 
restore, relax and enjoy a better night's sleep. So it will be a value-added product and 
also it will be in the fashion bedding area and other areas which we are trying to 
promote. So overall the brand strategy, which will help us -- this license brand will 
help us improve upon our brand offerings to the retailers.  
Kapil Jagasia: 
And sir, in your presentation you have also mentioned there have been some brand 
additions. So like they would be into which geography, I guess into US geography 
only? And like how much revenue contribution would be expected from these brands, 
say, in the next five years? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
So we have been making all-round efforts to promote our brand strategies as we 
mentioned like this is important to us and we have earlier mentioned that overall on 
FY '22 revenue, we have locked up sales of almost 10% towards licensed brands and 
our own brands. So only if you look at the FY23 situation, because of the inflationary 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
trends and the situation out there, which is due to the geopolitical concern, there has 
been a slow off-take on the branded good side and on the high price goods.  
So currently the sales are a little bit muted at the moment on the licensed brand and 
brands, but I think it should improve because the online sales are also improving. And 
post the holiday season as the inventory levels trickle down, we feel that this will be 
having much more prominence into the US sales when we promote licensed brands 
and our brands. So definitely we hope to improve our numbers in FY24 on the branded 
sales side. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
And sir, just last question from my side. Like the other expenses are up by 14% this 
quarter so like any reason specific to this? What would be the like breakup in this? And 
I guess that would be all from my side. 
K.R Lalpuria: 
See, the other expenses are because you see first of all, if you compare on a H1 to H1, 
they are because of the Bhilad Unit’s getting unabsorbed. And secondly, we also have 
promoted some goods in Q2 to see how we can act upon and help the customers to 
liquidate some part of their inventories. So those are the strategies which we are 
adopting to see how we can protect our market shares and move forward and help the 
customers also protect their own market share. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Abhineet Anand from Emkay Global. 
Abhineet Anand: 
First of all, just wanted on GHCL side in the balance sheet, what is the fixed asset and 
working capital that has been added, sir? 
K. Muralidharan: 
Abhineet, about INR 340 crores have been added in the fixed assets. These are 
reflected in the property and equipment. 
Abhineet Anand: 
And on working capital side? 
K. Muralidharan: 
Working capital side we added about INR 300 crores roughly in terms of inventory 
and receivables. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Second, from the global retailers, how are the inventory levels? Are they still high, sir, 
or there has been some -- for the last say six to nine months, how has been the trend? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
The trend continues because you see earlier the transit time taken for the ships to reach 
there was almost 45, 50 days and now it has reduced to 30 days so quicker receipt of 
goods. And secondly, the sluggish off-take also not on the regular like usual terms 
because of the sluggish off-take, the inventory levels are still there. But because they 
haven't ordered large quantities on the replenishment side, the inventory levels 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
definitely have come down what it was in Q1 and we hope that the holiday season will 
definitely help them improve upon these inventory levels once they are able to sell 
more products during the holiday season on a promotional basis. 
Abhineet Anand: 
And one of the things that otexa data suggested that for this current year is CY '22 first 
nine months, India seems to be having lost lot of share on the cotton side if we see it 
from 67% now it's 50%. So just wanted your thoughts that what is happening there. 
Can you just throw some light on that, sir? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
See, we all know that the cotton rates have skyrocketed in India almost to INR1 lakh 
a candy. So the raw material cost went up and so the prices. And once the retail prices 
were jacked up by the retailers, they did not have the similar upticks what they 
expected. So that's the reason you see because of the higher prices, they lost some sales 
and because of the inventory too, they have lost from sales. Now this I think should 
improve post this holiday season as what we all expect to be. Till now the demand is 
subdued, but we hope if there is a good holiday season, this should improve going 
forward. 
Abhineet Anand: 
So the data says that Pakistan numbers will improve so does Pakistan have enough 
cotton for their own exports or do they buy from outside? How is it, sir? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
So because of the product mix, we were expensive from Indian cost standpoint and 
Pakistan is at the low end. So the product categories moved towards the lower end and 
that's why Pakistan got a traction and India's exports suffered because of higher price 
offering. And some of the product mix also got interchanged to synthetic like blending 
with viscose, tencel and polyester. So overall, you see that India lost some of the 
market share to Pakistan because of the price competitiveness. 
But I think going forward as the cotton prices improve, India should gain a traction 
because India is very well positioned and the reliability and credibility of Indian supply 
chain they have all witnessed. And India is very versatile into their product offerings 
and can offer all different kinds of products, both the coarser varieties as well as the 
finer varieties. So the reliance on Indian supply chain is more than what Pakistan can 
offer, but only because of the lower price good positioning of Pakistan helped them 
gain some market share from India during this period. 
Abhineet Anand: 
And lastly on GHCL, what are the steps that the company is taking to maybe bring its 
margins, which used to be I think last year was lower, to the levels where Indo Count 
numbers are and how will it play over let's say in 12, 18 months? 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
K.R Lalpuria: 
So we are consistently engaged with our customers and they feel confident once we 
have come into picture and they are very happy to deal with us and we are making 
strategies to see how we can offer Indo Count's product because GHCL was just selling 
sheets and was not in fashion, utility and institutional bedding. So we are trying to 
increase our product basket to the customers which we acquired and also we are 
working on how we can have operational leverage by better utilizing the capacities 
going forward. 
And we are intertwining to see how we can build synergies within the two units and 
see where we can save money and make a better margin profile for the sales with 
GHCL in the post half. So all kinds of strategies are being implemented to see how we 
can improve. And this is a long-term strategy wherein we have acquired this unit and 
the assets are very good and the customer base is good, the product profile what they 
were selling is very good. So we are quite confident that with our overall strategy we 
will be able to see when the market revives, we should be able to improvise on our 
margin base. 
Abhineet Anand: 
And sir, the last one I think you talked about something on other expense. One, 
obviously Bhilad Unit getting added and something other than that in terms of 
customer. I didn't understand, if you can slightly elaborate on that? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
You see because of the recessionary trend and the inventory levels, the brands and the 
retailers are in a promotional mode. So we also need to see that how we can help them 
by hand-holding in this promotional activity. So to some of the customers, we have 
offered some promotional support to see how they can fare much better in their 
marketplace and do much better. So that's what I mentioned. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Aman Madrecha from 
Augmenta Research Private Limited. 
Aman Madrecha: 
Can you please highlight on like how are we looking at volumes given the current 
scenario? Because as we are in the process of increasing the capacity from 90 million 
meters to 108 million meters so can we say that the volumes would be higher or the 
same as last year? Like can you please throw some light on this? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
See, the volumes may be similar to what we performed in the first two quarters to some 
level depending upon how the holiday season pans out. But the capacity additions are 
all long-term strategies, because we see a lot of things getting promoted out of India, 
the China-Plus-One strategy, the FTAs, India's position on to the cotton side of the 
supply chain, India being considered as a highly growing country where everybody 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
would like to participate in their growth and with all the kind of relationship which we 
are developing currently with different countries and trade blocks. 
I think these are all strategies towards getting much more market share in the future 
where China is retreating to some extent due to their higher cost as well as their focus 
on the domestic market. So I think the capacity expansions are all towards bringing 
about medium and long-term strategies. Just because of the geopolitical concerns, this 
year was a difficult year for everybody. The cotton prices went up, the logistic cost 
went up, the recessionary trend impacted the retailers with carrying higher inventory, 
the wallet sizes shrunk because of the inflation, our input cost went up. So all these 
factors came within a year. So we should not get perturbed about this thing. 
I think India is very well positioned on the textile front as a supplier and we should see 
good capacity utilization in the coming years. So we are quite confident that such 
strategies where we have invested into our capacity building both with from 90 million 
to 108 million meters in our existing plants and through our acquisition will help us to 
deliver our long-term strategies. 
Aman Madrecha: 
And sir, can you please also throw some light on how has been the logistical or the 
container issue in the US geography? Like has that eased or is it the same as previously 
faced? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
 
I didn't get your question. 
K. Muralidharan: 
Logistic issues whether it has been rectified now. So I think by and large the logistic 
issue, issue of container availability have all now eased a bit actually. So going forward 
at least for the moment, there is no concern as far as the availability of containers is 
concerned for exports. 
K.R Lalpuria: 
No. But one more thing I will add here is that China -- Chinese economy is slow at the 
moment. Once it gets up, maybe the logistic cost side may go up to certain extent. So 
we are all waiting and watching to see how it pans out in the medium-term. But 
currently yes, to what Mr. Muralidharan added you see there is some easing out on the 
availability of container as well as on the cost front. 
Moderator: 
We have lost the line for the current participant. We'll move on to the next question 
that is from the line of Aman Sonthalia from AK Securities. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
The reason for the boom in the home textile was work from home culture related to 
pandemic. So now the pandemic is over so whether... 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Sonthalia, there's disturbance from your line. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, the reason for the boom in the home textile was -- one of the major reason was due 
to this pandemic work from home culture. So now the work from home culture I think 
it has come down a bit so whether we will get that business going forward? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
Yes. Home has become the center stage during pandemic, but we all feel that there has 
been a structural shift how you look up at your home now. And everybody is upgrading 
and decorating their homes to see how they can live much better life and lifestyle. So 
it has become the center stage of our life and lifestyle. Secondly, you see the wellness 
factors like it's better sleep so our product is connected to the wellness factor. 
So this will definitely do well in the coming year what has been anticipated in all the 
discussions going on and we see an uptick into areas wherein fashion bedding, utility, 
institutional also moving up as you see people spending more money on traveling and 
luxury and etcetera. So we feel that this is bound to stay and India also as a country is 
very well positioned on this product as you can see from the market share it has in the 
US. And unfortunately, we were not at level playing field in Europe and UK where we 
were paying 9.6% duty as compared to Bangladesh and Pakistan paying no duty.  
So once the FTA is signed, that market also will open up which is an equivalent like 
on value and volume terms to what the US is. So definitely these are the opportunities, 
which will open up further for the home products to do much better. So we are quite 
hopeful and this we are just discussing all the time about the US, Europe and UK. 
There are other countries which are developed globally like say Japan, South Africa, 
like say Australia, Middle East and Latin America. So the consumption is there and 
definitely as these markets open up with equivalent duties or certain trade agreements 
with India, definitely these products will do extremely well and the consumption will 
move up and we'll get more opportunities to export. So we are quite confident about 
the product line which we are into. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, one question that the logistic cost has come down, cotton prices has come down. 
So whether we will able to better our margin in the next two quarters? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
So it has just started, the season has just started, but even though the season has started, 
you can see the volatility. The cotton prices have come to INR 64,000 a candy and 
again going back to INR 70,000 a candy. So we have to wait and watch for the arrivals. 
The arrivals are currently they should have been in the range of 1 lakh bales and above, 
but they are at a 65,000 bales level. So once the arrivals improve, definitely we'll see 
that the prices moderate and that's when we will get a chance to buy cotton at a better 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
rate rather than today because today we are carrying some inventories till December 
with our old prices. So definitely post Q4 we may like get an advantage there, but let's 
see how it pans out. We can never say about how the speculation and the commodity 
behaves because certain other countries like Pakistan and USA had a bad crop. So let's 
see how it pans out. But definitely the cotton situation has improved because of the 
higher cultivation of cotton and a higher crop this year. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And sir, one last question. Whether we see at least the same volume in the next two 
quarters, which we have seen in the last quarter? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
Yes. We are working towards it. It should be on similar lines as what the last two 
quarters are on the volume side. We are quite hopeful that they should be on similar 
lines. We are working towards it. And as I mentioned earlier, we are all waiting to see 
the next four weeks how the Black Friday and the holiday season sales are. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Surana from Asian Market Securities. The 
next question is from the line of Sajal Gupta from FE Securities. 
Sajal Gupta: 
Congratulations to report such good set of numbers in prime times. My question to you 
and the management is that on a macro level like what is happening in Pakistan 
economy right now, wouldn't the buyers there who were sourcing from Pakistan 
looking at India as a sourcing country? And plus today, FTA has opened up in 
Australia, have you started making any headway on that side? So if I look at this way 
things, you have more buyers coming to yourself. If I'm correct in next two years to 
three years, don't you see that whatever capacity you have built up, you should be able 
to utilize that capacity in next three years to four years' time or two years to three years' 
time? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
So thanks, Sajal, for the very good question. And certainly you see there are challenges 
in the Pakistan economy. Pakistan is also a strong contender on the textile front with 
both raw material and a good setup. Unfortunately, they had their own problems on the 
flooding side as well as you see on the power side, on the gas side to be precise and so 
the supply chain has been disrupted. And secondly, you see Pakistan is at the lower 
end of the market segment and India is positioned on to the mid to high segment. So 
they were able to do much better in EU, UK and other lower segment of the 
marketplace where India is not much present. So if you look at the reason why they 
could garner 4% additional market share in the US was the reason because they 
competed with India at the lower front and to some extent the market share moved 
from the mid segment to the lower segment because of the high cotton prices and the 
price rise.  

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
But you see that the confidence level of the buyers and the brands and the retailers are 
now post the China Plus One strategy is very clear that they want security of the supply 
chain apart from the cost factor of the supply chain. So here India stands out much 
better because India has got a very versatile fiber manufacturing, they have got a good 
setup of manufacturing setup in the complete value chain, they have got a traditional 
labor pool which understand textile and currently the government is also focusing on 
textiles through various measures by hand-holding the sector and the industry. So I 
think this will help us to gain confidence in the global market as compared to what 
Pakistan is doing going forward.  
So definitely this is a positivity for the Indian companies to gain much more market 
share. And because of the FTA also, as I mentioned earlier, we are not on a level 
playing field in EU and UK, where we are paying 9.6% duty and India, and Pakistan 
is paying no duty. So once that FTA is signed also, India will gain advantage into these 
markets where it can grow its own market share from 4% to say at least 20%. So this 
is the future what it seems to be going forward as compared to what Pakistan's industry 
is doing vis-a-vis Indian textile sector.  
Secondly, on the Australian front, we have signed an agreement with them. The nitty-
gritties and the finer things are being discussed and settled between the two ministries 
and because they have a new government, it is taking a little bit of time. But it should 
happen by during the first quarter of next year so that's what we anticipate. But having 
said that, you see the confidence level of the brands and retailers out there is very 
update on how they can improve upon their buying and sourcing from India much 
more. So we are seeing a good traction of customers from Australia currently, which 
are demanding our Indian products. So definitely we feel that once this is put on to 
work the whole agreement and we get that advantage of duty, definitely our market 
share will improve with Australia. We are very much confident about that.  
And secondly, also I would like to add you see that the Australian market per capita 
consumption on the home textile is also very high as similar to what UK and other 
countries is. So that will provide us enough opportunity to offer them a complete basket 
of products. So I think the lifestyle over there is of a developed nation so this will 
provide us an opportunity where we are positioned. So I think definitely it will improve 
our numbers going forward on how we trade with Australia. So these are both positives 
going forward.  
Lastly, you see, as I mentioned, we have built on all these capacities for long term. 
And when we had 90 million meters and we were at 75 million meters, we already 
consumed almost 85% of our capacity. So we needed to add on to our capacity from 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
90 million meters to 108 million meters in order to cater to our customer demand. And 
you have seen that in FY '20 and FY '21, we had a very good growth of say 26% and 
17% in two years. So we felt that there is a need of capacity expansion at the current 
where we exhausted our both land and building area. So we needed for the future when 
the FTAs are getting signed and how India improvise its position with different 
countries like Australia, GCC countries, Canada, EU, UK and once those things 
happen, we should be market ready. And this opportunity of GHCL came to us so we 
grabbed this opportunity to add on this capacity. There is a complete synergy.  
So all these capacities we are quite confident that in the next three years, four years, it 
will give us a definitely good advantage to be market-ready. And as we are a customer-
centric company and we are a focused company on the bed linen side of the business 
with strong financial fundamentals, I think all these factors will help us to see how we 
can get more market share in new markets as well as the existing markets and service 
our customers much better. And everybody is looking at India because India is well 
positioned in textile. And so definitely we are quite confident that in the next three 
years, four years we will play a good role into supplying bed linen to major customers 
worldwide. 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. I agree with you. Sir, the opportunity size is so big right now for you in the coming 
three years so don't you see that the next three years if not three years, four years you 
should be able to utilize the capacity to the fullest and move forward from there? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
Absolutely, you are absolutely right and that's the long-term strategy where we are 
building upon. And you see, I forgot to mention about Indian market also which is also 
growing, domestic market is also growing. Whatever our fashion bedding where China 
is playing a dominant role in utility, fashion and institutional bedding as I have been 
saying for all these three years, four years, we'll be able to gain much more market 
share from them as what we did on the sheet side of the business. So definitely home 
textile is where India will do very well as compared to other countries. And as always 
I had mentioned that both Bangladesh and Vietnam are focusing on the apparel side of 
the business not on the textile side of the business. They are short of raw material and 
they are basically on labor arbitrage. Pakistan has got a saturated and limited supply 
chain of raw material. So India stands out. Basically India is exporting cotton, yarn and 
gray fabric and all that, which can be value-added to see that how we can convert them 
into apparel and textiles like home textiles, etcetera and increase our market share 
going forward. So definitely all these capacities we are quite confident to consume 
going forward in the next three years, four years. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line from Amit Kumar from Determined Investments. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Amit Kumar: 
 
My question has been asked and answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhineet Anand from Emkay Global Financial 
Services Limited. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Sir, from your vast experience on the sector, can you throw some light in the whole 
chain of the textile part? Spinning, let's assume lot of spinners are making loss and all 
last quarter and probably their margins have now come up to a break-even point. So is 
it fair to understand that for spinning, you start breaking even then after three months, 
six months, the HT part of the business starts doing better? Is there any cycle like that? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
See, I know my business and I'm a focused person on my business home textile so I 
cannot comment on a spinning standalone business. However, you see every business 
will do well in the value chain because you see India stands out to meeting the 
expectation level of the global textile trade in all contexts. Because the production has 
been discontinued in developed nations in both spinning, weaving, dyeing, finishing; 
India has got a good advantageous situation where it should excel in all these fields. 
So definitely all the textile companies and the sector overall will play an important role 
into contributing to the Indian GDP going forward.  
And as we all dream about our $5 trillion, $6 trillion economy in this decade, definitely 
every company has to play an important role in the supply chain. And companies which 
have established competitiveness, established technology and invested into it and are 
focused, definitely they will do well. There are short-term hiccups wherein they deviate 
from their strategy and policy so then sometimes it is painful. But if they have a 
consistent approach towards the supply chain and the value chain and respect that, I 
think Indian textile sector should do extremely well. 
Abhineet Anand: 
And just one small data point. This expansion that we are doing, what is the debt cost 
 
 
 
for that? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
We have already mentioned in our Investor deck like INR 200 crores, which we were 
investing in three areas. That is spinning, modernizing our spinning and addition of 
spinning at the Gokul Shirgaon unit, which we have completed. Secondly is expansion 
from 90 million meters to 108 million meters at our Kohlapur unit, which is in progress 
and we should complete it by say Q4. Then we are adding up a new facility on the 
cut/sew side of fashion bedding in order to service our fashion bedding and utility 
bedding segment wherein the capex is on track and we should complete this by Q4. 
The other area where we are investing is 68,000 new spindles at Pranavaditya Spinning 
which we merged with Indo Count just recently. So the addition will be completed by 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
again Q4 FY '23, which is an investment of almost INR 270 crores in which INR 160 
crores is from debt and INR 110 crores from internal accrual. So this is how the status 
on the capex and the investment on this looks like. 
K. Muralidharan: 
I'll just correct it, it's INR 175 crores debt and INR 95 crores internal accruals. 
Abhineet Anand: 
I also meant that this INR 175 crores comes at what interest cost? I'm assuming that 
there must be state incentive and all. So my question was more related to that. About 
4% post the benefits can be assumed on that INR 175 crores? 
K. Muralidharan: 
No, there are no interest subvention benefits here. This is a term loan so there is no 
subsidy on the interest. 
K.R Lalpuria: 
 
This should be the last question I think. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we have one more question in the queue. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be taking the 
last question that is from the line of Vivek from Noak Tech Llp. 
Vivek: 
Sir, I just missed your guidance on the margin in the coming quarters like in the next 
two quarters of this fiscal. 
K.R Lalpuria: 
You see, it's quite volatile to give purely a margin guidance. But you see definitely the 
Q3 will be, may be on similar lines what we reported for Q2 and maybe we'll see an 
uptick on the Q4 side. So we'll refrain from providing a margin guidance at this 
moment because we need to also watch the holiday sales as well as our cotton prices 
how they pan out. 
Vivek: 
So sir, with the holiday sales you will be getting the top line. So is it possible that we 
get the bottom line also with the good holiday season? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
So we are confident. With all the strategies which I spoke about, we are confident of 
having sustained some of the margins which we have developed in our business. So 
definitely you can look at improving the margin in Q4 onwards. 
Vivek: 
So the improved margin from Q4 onwards and if the season does not become that good 
as you're anticipating so the next leg of good margins will be from Q1 FY '24? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
Yes, that's how you can calculate. But as I mentioned, you should wait for some time 
and we will provide you in our next con call once the holiday season we get some 
traction to see how it liquidates both the inventory levels and how the replenishment 
business kick starts. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Vivek:  
 
So will there be any revision on capex if the things don't turn good like there's a  
 
 
 
possibility? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
 
No. They are all on track. 
Vivek:  
 
There will be no revision of capex. Okay? 
K.R Lalpuria: 
See, the business is there. There is no structural shift as far as the customer demand is 
concerned. This is a momentary thing which has impacted due to inflation and we have 
to see both medium term and long term how it stands out. We all know during this year 
what are the reasons for the subdued demand and the subdued results. So those are 
very apparent. So I think once they get over, I think things should improvise because 
there are no structural shift into the consumption. 
Vivek:  
 
So sir, what are the changes you are seeing in the structural demand? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Vivek, sir, that was the last question we could take. Thank you. 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing comments. 
K.R Lalpuria: 
Thank you. Looking beyond the short-term challenges, we remain optimistic about the 
textile industry landscape. As the overall business environment has started to improve 
and moderating input cost and improving consumer sentiment as well, we at Indo 
Count Industries are well positioned and market ready for the upcoming quarters. With 
this, I would like to thank everyone for joining on the call. I hope we have been able 
to address all your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with me or 
Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations advisor. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Indo Count Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
