<lff' l{t  ;:ft cft  II 
q·IJi1&4  m  
Punjab & Sind Bank 
lJri18  fmr lfu' 
'11. !.in. (" W-lfilT iii! '3lllfill I A Govt. of India Undertaking) 
Ji.cJ>T. I J Kffl au fct+fJ11 
"-mR mar' ifcp t;l\£-<1, LM N.
21, 
 
	' 

 
-110008 
H.O. Account & Audit Department 
"SHARES CELL" Bank House, 1st Floor 
21, Rajendra Place, New Delhi-110008 
Phone: 011-25782926, 25812922, Email: complianceofficer@psb.co.in 
O /Ref. No. PSH/HO/Shares Cell/ 90 /2022-23 
To, 
H SE Limited, 
Der,artment of Corporate Services, 
25t 1 floor, Phirozc Jccjccbhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001. 
SCRIP ID : PSH 
SCRIP CODE : 533295 
Dear Sir, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C - 1, Block - G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
SYMBOL: PSH 
SERIES: EQ 
Reg: Transcript of Meeting with Anal ysts/ Investors held on 15.11.2022 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBl (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Meeting with Analysts / Investors held on 
15.11.2022 
The transcript of the Meeting with Analysts / Investors is uploaded on Bank's website and the 
same can be accessed through below link: 
https://punjabandsindbank.co. in/system/uploads/docurnent/7803_2022112218270453713 .pdf 
This-is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
Sakct Mehrotra 
Company Secretary 
saket
Digitally signed by 
saket 
Date: 2022.11.22 
18:35:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Punjab & Sind Bank's Meeting with Analysts and Investors” 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Shri Swarup Kumar Saha, Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer 
Shri Kollegal V Raghavendra, Executive Director 
Dr Ram Jass Yadav, Executive Director 
Ms Mahima Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 

Page 2 of 26 
Mahima Agarwal: Good afternoon all. Myself, Mahima Agarwal, CFO of Punjab & 
Sind Bank, I welcome all the analysts present today on behalf of Punjab & Sind 
Bank.  
On the dias, we have our M.D. and CEO Sir – Sh. Swarup Kumar Saha; ED sir – Sh. 
K V Raghavendra; ED – Dr. Ram Jass Yadav alongwith our GMs. 
Our M.D. and CEO sir will give a Brief Presentation followed by the Questions & 
Answers. Now, I will request M.D. and CEO sir to please carry forward. 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Good afternoon everybody. On behalf on Punjab & Sind 
Bank, we welcome you all to this Analyst Meet on the Q2 and the Half Yearly 
Performance of the Bank and it's a pleasure for me to be standing here in front of 
you in Mumbai and discuss with you the state of affairs of the bank and how we are 
taking it forward. 
It's also a pleasure for me personally to be talking to you amidst one of the stalwarts 
of the industry. Sir, Narendar ji, thank you for coming. And I am happy to connect 
with many other people around the industry. 
I know you all are having the results with you. So, I will not delve too much into the 
individual parameters. I'll just go through them in brief and I will leave the questions 
to you and we'll try to answer the questions as much as possible. 
In the opening remarks wkhat I would like to tell you is that the bank is the smallest 
public sector bank and it had its share of challenges in the past. During the period of 
March '18 to March '22, the bank was in a consolidation phase. There were a lot of 
issues on asset quality, on capital adequacy and on the profitability of the bank. So, 
thanks to the government who had also infused substantial capital in 2021 and 2022 
and with the entire team PSB getting into the consolidation phase, the bank was able 
to make a great turnaround last year with a record profit for the bank of Rs.1039 
crore. 
Having said that, we are moving into a phase of '22-23 and we have two quarters of 
consistent performance in terms of efficiency parameters. If you have noticed, our 
balance sheet is also now incrementally showing some traction on the top line. The 
top line has grown by around Rs.6000 crore in last two quarters, while in the last four 
years from '18 to '22, if anybody has analyzed our balance sheet, you will find that 
the business top line growth was around Rs.1000 crore. 

 
 
Page 3 of 26 
So, we are now well capitalized to take on quality credit growth and based on the 
capital that we are now having, we have done certain performance matrix. The 
important point here is that we were able to show consistent net profit growth both on 
YoY and QoQ basis. Our PCR has increased to 89.10% and we were able to provide 
additional provisions in our balance sheet of Q2 of Rs.210 crore against another 
Rs.142 crore we have done in Q1. So, that is the strength we are building on. 
On the asset quality front, you will find significant improvement when our gross NPAs 
come down to 9.67% from 14%-plus a year ago. On the net NPA, we are at 2.24%. 
So, we intend to work on the asset quality also in a strong way. 
I'll just give a backdrop about our credit growth, which I'm very sure will be main area 
of discussion during the Q&A session, so far has been 9.12%. We started the year in 
March '22 with a 3.80% credit growth. We increased it to 7.06%. Now, we are at 
9.12%. Our deposit has seen 3.27% growth. 
Our main strength is now moving into the RAM segment. We are growing at 16%-
plus in our RAM segment. These are some of the numbers in the individual 
segments. The ROA is at 0.84. 
In the sequential improvement also, there are certain green shoes that are coming 
for the bank. Our operating profit as sequential has improved by 26%. The fee 
income, again, an important parameter for us is at 13.33%.  
Our strength is that we like to rebalance our portfolio. Why we are not growing in the 
past four years was that we were rebalancing our portfolio in between the corporate 
and the RAM. The corporate was dominant with 55% plus and RAM was 45%. We're 
trying to reverse that trend, and we are nearly at 52:48 ratio with a bias towards 
RAM. So, that's what we intend to bring. 
In the retail segment, we are working on bringing in new and new products. The 
bank has now diversified its products. We have brought in on the liability side and 
also on the asset side. On the on the retail side, we have brought in a new product 
on the pre-approved personal loan which is driving my personal loan segment of 
100% growth, and that is a data analytical based offering and we will be bringing that 
again to the digital platform in three clicks very shortly, the UATs have been done. 
The gold loans also is showing some traction. The core housing loan has touched 
double-digit so far. So, we'll be focusing on housing loan, vehicle and the personal 
loan segment.  So, in retail and RAM in overall, we expect to grow at 20%, 22%, and 
our corporate segment we would like to improve to 7% to 8%. The important point in 

 
 
Page 4 of 26 
terms of our asset portfolio is that the AAA rated has improved from 6.85% to 
13.23% on Y-o-Y basis and that is giving us encouraging signs that we can have the 
cushion to expand our corporate credit book on the top-rated accounts. Government 
guaranteed accounts are at 37.23% and BBB and above is 46.22%. We are having 
around 83% of our accounts in that category. On the treasury front, we are 
consistently bringing down our duration portfolio.  
The important point here is that we are moving in such a direction that our net 
interest income has a good YoY growth. We are unable to take strong cuts in the 
interest rates considering the size of our Bank. The competition that is happening in 
the industry, particularly also in the PSU segments. So, we are judiciously working 
on that so our NIM, overall going forward, does not get too much of impact on that. 
At current September '22 level, we are at a NIM of 3.06%. We are conscious of that. 
We expect that the NIM should be around 2.92% to 2.95% going forward for the 
bank. 
The provision coverage ratio, we have been able to increase. In spite of additional 
provision of Rs.210 crore for the quarter, our net profit was Rs.278 crore. We 
showed a YoY growth of 27% and a sequential growth of 35%. So, that is where we 
stand and improving our bottom line. If we had not provided that Rs.210 crore extra, 
our net profit percentage would have grown up much higher.  
One of the key numbers is on our cost-to-income ratio. Here again, we'd like to tell 
you that with 65.57% in Sep ’21 to 65.30% in Sep ‘22, our bank is an outlier in the 
cost-to-income ratio. We are aware of that and we are addressing the issue. 
In spite of the muted return from our investment portfolio due to the market 
dynamics, we have been able to bring down the cost-to-income ratio by 27 bps YoY 
and substantially on a QoQ basis. 
So, that gives us encouragement that we can do better and we are working on 
various third-party products. I like to tell you here at this point, that the bank is 
diversifying into various third-party products to diversify its fee income opportunities. 
We are going into a co-branding credit card business with one of the largest credit 
card issuing institutions. We are opening up for wealth management, health 
standalone business and we are opening up our third-party life insurance for a third 
partner. So, these all opportunities will give us good traction. 
On the reduction of the cost, I have said in my various interactions with others that 
we're focusing to a large extent on augmenting our salary account base. Two of the 

 
 
Page 5 of 26 
success stories that has happened for the bank, which I'm happy to share with you, 
is that we have been able to mobilize 10,000-plus salary accounts of Municipal 
Corporation of Chandigarh and another 14,000 salary accounts of Nagar Nigam of 
Lucknow. Overall around 25,000 accounts we have been able to mobilize, which 
gives us the encouragement going forward in this segment. Though a small size 
bank with limited presence in pan India, geographically skewed presence, we have 
the skill or ability to penetrate deep into the salary account base of government 
employees. So, that is an area which we are working on. In fact, if you see our CASA 
percentage on a YoY basis, has moved from 30% to 33%. So, that is the area which 
we are working on. So, cost-to-income ratio will be a factor of both cost and income. 
Our priority will be to increase our income to reduce the cost-income ratio. 
Gross NPA, as I already covered, is significantly coming down at 9.6% at this point 
of time. We expect that going forward we shall bring it below 9%. We have seven 
accounts amounting to Rs.1590 crore which are under consideration for NARCL. We 
expect some resolutions to happen and we have certain NCLT accounts for which 
resolution will happen. 
In the small value accounts, we have opened up non- discriminatory scheme which 
will give the lot of traction in the small value accounts particularly up to Rs.1 crore. 
So, overall we have done a recovery of around Rs.700 crore plus in half year. We 
are very hopeful that with some big resolutions happening and with some small value 
account settlements happening, we can bring the recovery upgradation figure to 
beyond Rs.2000 crore in the current year. Our PCR, we have discussed is at 
89.16%. Credit cost remains less and our slippage ratio is also very less. 
Fresh slippages sequentially increased by Rs.56 crore from Rs.321 crore to Rs.377 
crore primarily in the agriculture sector and one mid corporate type of an account in 
which we have already provided 50%. It is around Rs.70-72 crore of advances, 
which we have already accounted 50%. What I'm happy to share with you is that out 
of that Rs.56 crore, we have already recovered Rs.52 crore in the month of October 
itself and the overall recovery for the month of October has crossed Rs.200 crore 
already. So, we are focusing on this area very strongly. 
On the SMA book of above Rs.5 crore, we have SMA 2 of Rs.288 crore, but this 
figure has also come down to Rs.210 crore approximately in October 31st, and SMA 
1 of Rs.542 crore has also come down to around Rs.340 crore in October. So, 
though overall it is only 0.74% and 0.39%, but we are strongly monitoring this and 

 
 
Page 6 of 26 
we will be improving our collection efficiency. We will be involving our call centers in 
future and the expansion of the scope of the call center is under progress. We're also 
going into expanding our BC network. We didn't have the corporate BC model in the 
bank. Our total BC network is 327, which we intend to increase to 2000 plus by 
March '23 and maybe it's 8000 plus in March '24. So, that will improve my collection 
efficiency also. 
Capital, as you all are aware that we supported by the government with substantial 
capital, and our capital adequacy at this point of time is, we are well capitalized at 
15.68%, much above the regulatory requirement. 
We're focusing on digital transactions also. A lot of innovations we are bringing in on 
the digital side. We were late starter there also. We have a PSB UNiC app. We are 
upgrading that by bringing a lot of value added services. The Google Rating which 
was at 2.6 in June had improved to a maximum of 4.4 in two months due to various 
upgrading of the overall onboarding. Now through that, we'll be introducing Online 
Savings Account, Online Wealth Management Products, Credit Card Products.  
A lot of questions come here regarding the plan for the future? We are still a 
northern-based bank and the pan India presence is limited. So, what we have 
decided is that now we'll be expanding on a pan India basis and in the first phase we 
will be opening 25-odd branches primarily in the other segments of the country. We 
have already opened two in Rajasthan and one in eastern region. We have lined up 
for another 25 in total for this year, and 25 for the next year. 
One of the success stories was also that first time the bank got into this EASE 
Agenda. As you all are aware that the public sector banks are under reforms agenda 
called EASE and for last year Punjab & Sind Bank was awarded into two categories, 
the Top Improvers Award - First Runner Up and Synergistic Collaborations. So, two 
awards we got for that. Way forward, we'll discuss these in Q&A. 
The final slide is on the on the guidance, we still maintain a guidance of deposit 
growth of 12%, advances growth between 10% and 15%, gross NPA, earlier we had 
given a guidance of below 10%, we intend to give a guidance of below 9% now, net 
NPA we will keep in line with the earlier guidance of less than 2%, PCR more than 
89, inch it to 90%, recovery and upgradation more than Rs.2000 crore. NIM today at 
3.06, but as you are all aware that the deposit rates are increasing, so we will have 
to understand how it pans out. So, conservatively, we have kept a guidance of 2.9% 

 
 
Page 7 of 26 
but we will do much better than 2.9%, we are very hopeful on that area. Credit cost 
of course will be less and the slippage ratio will be less than 1.5. 
So, on the whole, what we would like to tell you at the end of it is that the bank has 
made a turnaround last year, the bank is into a transformational journey from now 
onwards. So, from a turnaround to a transformation, that is what we are looking at, 
and for that the entire team of Punjab & Sind Bank is now very agile. We want to 
make this the most efficient bank in the country, agile bank in the country, and a lot 
of capacity building will happen, the system processes are being strengthened. On 
the credit underwriting also, we have now segregated the sourcing and sanctioning. 
Now the entire stuff is being done at the back offices. On the sanction part only 
limited amount is given to the branch level. Our underwriting system, what we call a 
loan origination system (LOS) has been further strengthened. We have created good 
risk appetites for the bank. Our risk management practices have improved. So, all in 
all, this is a time for a quality growth for the bank with a focus primarily to improve 
the bottom line and the efficiency parameters. Thank you very much. Now, I'm ready 
to have your questions please. 
 
Participant: As we were discussing even every time on online interaction after your 
last results, I would repeat in the physical form, compliments to you for the fantastic 
progress which the bank has made on all the fronts. Some of my observations or 
questions are, number one, recently, we read that IL&FS payments have started 
coming in to the banks. So what is our number there and when do we expect some 
of these payments coming in? How much do we expect before 31st March 2023, 
because this was not considered earlier? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: I think the exact numbers, my GM, Recovery will tell you. We 
have already started getting the recovery in those. The first part we got was around 
Rs.62 crore, another Rs.105 crore is coming in by 30th November. 
 
Participant: This will be directly added back to the bottom line or provision reversal? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes. 
 
Participant: So you have made these targets or the objective after considering this? 

 
 
Page 8 of 26 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes. 
 
Participant: Secondly, sir in the NARCL of Rs.1590 crore, how much we expect to 
go before 31st March, and what is the NPA numbers there, what kind of recovery 
percentage wise we are looking at from those seven accounts or are all the seven 
going now in this current financial year only? 
 
Management: The total under consideration in seven accounts is Rs.1590 crore. 
That we have already told. This includes the two accounts of SREI also of overall 
Rs.1200 crore approximately. We expect one or two resolutions happening in the 
next quarter also. News on this respect is already there in the public domain. So, 
Rs.1,590 crore is the total amount. 
 
Participant: So, about half of that will be in this financial -? 
 
Management: We cannot say half of it. We feel that in the first two accounts, the 
amount is very less around Rs.150 crore. So, we expect Rs.150 crore resolution in 
this current quarter, and in the next quarter with SREI something may happen. 
 
Participant: But out of these two, one is happening at a very good realization value. 
So, approximately, we can consider 30% in the initial thing? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: That is how we may look into it. 
 
Participant: Sir, now, coming to the credit growth. This is absolutely a very, very 
prudent measure which you are taking and sir was also telling that the muscles 
which had become weak, now have been brought into a reasonable level and now 
we are strengthening those muscles and once it happens then we can go with the 
full throttle. Having said that I still feel that we have come to a stage now, looking at 
your performance, your capital adequacy ratio and your CD ratio, that the process 
can be speeded up even during the current year, because 15% on a low base. I think 
will be just appropriate, not beyond like doing something extraordinary. That is 
something on which we can look at. 

 
 
Page 9 of 26 
Swarup Kumar Saha: I think you asked the same question at our concall also. Let 
us all appreciate our banks size and appetite also, okay. We are a bank which has 
not been able to grow for a significant period of time. Suddenly, to put the 
accelerator pedal and it goes into an accident mode, that should not happen. So, 
what we need to do is to calibrate our approach to that level and we are seeing the 
system at 18% to 19% credit growth. We don't know how it will pan out in the next 
two, three quarters. Whether this is a sustainable growth, because much of this 
growth we are also getting because of working capital requirements, certain festive 
season also has credit spurt, and of course, coming out of COVID situation. That will 
also help to this entire credit growth. So, on a bank of our size with an approximate 
advance of Rs.74000 crore, we really cannot move very strongly immediately on the 
credit growth competition that is happening. So, what we feel is that once we have 
come out of a bad phase, it is first important to have a sustainable phase interim 
before we actually press the accelerator pedal and move a bit fast. While the credit 
growth is at 18%, my RAM segment is more or less in tune with that. My retail is at 
19%, agriculture at 12%, MSME 17%. So, in that segment, it is all okay. Now coming 
to your basic question why corporate credit may not be growing? As I told you, we 
need to calibrate our approach. The market is very dynamic, the competition is very 
tough, both on the quantum of loan that people are bargaining for and the rate of 
interest that they are bargaining for. I have to have a judicial approach in both of 
them. So, I have to protect my NIMs, I have to protect my NIIs. I'll be in the business 
of corporate credit, but not at the cost of my efficiency. So, if you have seen our 
balance sheet over the last three quarters, we have incrementally moved from a 
negative zone in the corporate to at least a positive zone in September '22 with a 2% 
growth. Which is not significant, but for a bank which has not grown for four years, it 
is significant. So, what I'm trying to tell here is that we will take a calibrated approach 
on this and as we build our inherent strengths, we build our inherent capacities to 
lend with good risk management practices in place. I think we'll be poised maybe 
also to come in line with the other banks. 
 
Participant: Are you looking for some decentralization because in light of the recent 
problems most of the things have been centralized. Even from the credit point of 
view even some of the scheme for liability side also. So, are we now looking so that 
the local offices become very competitive, is there any such plan or something? 

 
 
Page 10 of 26 
Swarup Kumar Saha: You are talking of delivery services? 
 
Participant: Yes. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: We have now segregated both sourcing and sanctioning. 
Sourcing is done at the branch level. Sanction is done at the back office. Technically, 
we call those units as Cen-MARG in our bank. So, we have created Cen-MARG in 
every zone, 25 Cen-MARGs we are having. Branches are having limited powers, up 
to 10 lakhs. Those mortgage backed loans, also irrespective of the amount, goes to 
Cen-MARG. So, the small value and low risk categories have been left to the 
branches. Branches have been primarily told to source credit proposals and give it to 
the back end for the sanctions. It all goes through the loan origination system and we 
have strengthened that. So, we have two large corporate branches, where proposals 
are dealt directly at the head office level. We are now going to open four mid-
corporate branches pan India, where we don't have large corporate branches, that 
announcement we will be making very soon. So, two large corporate and four mid-
corporate branches. Their powers are being redefined internally and the credit 
delivery will slowly pick up pace also. 
 
Participant: Last one on this round is on treasury. Now, the interest rate and I think 
the inflation also is a little bit coming to a reasonable level and not that alarming as 
per the RBI governor statement also. So, how are we placed, I mean, are we looking 
at rather some gains instead of having the mark-to-markets because we were 
expecting another 50 to 60 basis points further increase after the Fed increase there, 
but I think may or may not come. So, how are we exercising those information, I 
mean, putting it into the use, some information on that? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: In Q1 we had a depreciation hit of Rs.109 crore. In Q2, we 
had an incremental of Rs.9 crore. So, we are immune to that minor fluctuation. Now, 
the CPI numbers that have come yesterday and the global numbers and the tone of 
the global numbers also is very important. So, we feel that maybe overall the 
regulator here will also take cognizance of the positive developments that are 
happening. Maybe the cycle is peaking to a level, we will have some proportion of 
hike maybe in the next level also. But I personally feel that that a below 6% CPI is 

 
 
Page 11 of 26 
very, very possible. In that scenario, which is being built up for the future, we are 
now in a position to get back some of the MTMs. Let us all pray that these things 
happen and the entire banking industry is benefited for that. 
 
K K Gupta: I am K K Gupta from Resurgent India. We will complement you in 
respect of your Net Profit growth and asset quality which has improved a lot and the 
Net NPA has come down to 2.24%. My point is during this financial year i.e. 
September ’22 to September ’21 your growth in deposit is only 3.27%, where your 
business growth is about 7.06%. When we are talking about the market cap, it is 
around Rs.13000 crore and we are talking about the deposit or credit, other issues. 
how do you feel that during this financial year, whether you market cap will go up? 
Another important aspect is what the business growth will be there? I think for the 
NPA level and Profit level your bank had done a wonderful job. What is your feeling 
for the next year, how much growth you're projecting? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: See, first of all, we are a part of a system and we are not 
immune to the things that happen in the system. The system is growing credit at 
18% and the deposit is growing at 9%, there is a gap there itself. If I cull out in my 
bank, 9% credit growth, 3% growth in the deposit. So, there is a difference. So, what 
we have done is that now, we are also now in the domain of getting good deposit 
products per se in the bank. So, not only in terms of interest rates, but also in terms 
of new types of products of the bank. First coming to fixed deposits side. Now, we 
have got a very good product of 601 days. We are providing a very competitive rate 
of interest on the fixed deposits. So, that will give us traction on the fixed deposit and 
mobilize retail term deposits for the bank. What we are focusing on primarily is, 
because we are having a low CASA ratio also, that we need to improve salary 
account base further. So, that's why I narrated two stories of Chandigarh and 
Lucknow wherein we have been able to generate a mass 25,000 salary accounts. 
Now, this we tend to take it forward. So, our primary focus would be to have low cost 
liability products in the bank and if I can improve my digital innovations, if I can 
improve my third-party bouquet of products and gives me more opportunity to cross-
sell, I think that ratio will improve. In fact, if you see our YoY ratio of CASA, it has 
improved from 30% to 33% and that is a significant jump in terms of ratio of 3% for a 
bank of our size. We like to take that forward from 33.5% to 35% in March '23 and 

 
 
Page 12 of 26 
maybe 36%, 37%. We'll see how it pans out in March '24 and touch 40% maybe in a 
three year horizon. So, that is one side of the story. On overall business growth, we 
are hopeful that our 15% credit growth will happen and a deposit growth of 11% to 
12% we like to achieve. So, overall we would like to have 12%, 13% of our business 
growth. So, on a credit side, suppose you ask me at this point of time, what would be 
my calibrated approach, we may do around 11% to 12% in December and then the 
last busiest quarter to 15% plus in the March quarter. Similarly, for the deposit side. 
So, that is what we are at this point of time looking into in terms of the overall growth 
story of the bank. Going forward, yes, once we stabilize in the market in the way that 
we should be placed in the market, I think with the strong capital that we already 
have, we can really move very qualitatively. One more thing, which I think I just 
missed saying about this is that any business growth will depend on technological 
upgradation also, and our bank also has been a bit laggard in terms of my finacle 
systems. So, we are now moving to that category, 7 to 10, and that should be done 
by June '23. The process has started, it's a very long process internally. So, by June 
'23, I will have that robust platform also with me, which will give me more teeth to 
acquire customers, to go more strong. Once my fundamental systems are very 
strong, I can proactively move to a better situation. So, we'll wait for that. So, '23-24 
will be a better year for us. 
 
K K Gupta: We compliment you for diversifying for having the non-fund based 
income. I think you are taking steps, whether you're talking about the insurance or 
talking about the co-branding of the credit card or something different. I also find that 
in the market your housing loan interest or vehicle loan interest is at a lower level. 
So, how you maintain all such things sir because of the size of your bank, you are 
competing with the State Bank of India or other banks, I think it is very competitive. 
So, what is the reason for that? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: I gain somewhere, I lose somewhere, it's a give and take 
matter I'm not competing on the corporate side. If somebody asked me you take 
Rs.1000 crore at 6.25, it is difficult for me. So, I compensate there. If I get a much 
better return at 8% plus, and if I can build my portfolio and get the turnover on the 
volume in that portfolio, I think I'll be in a better position to compete. That's why we 
are sacrificing there and trying to build our portfolio there. 

 
 
Page 13 of 26 
Participant: Very important decision because I find from Chandigarh because 
maximum housing loan Punjab & Sind had done it. So, that means your rate of 
interest, other things are very competitive. Talking about the other banks, even State 
Bank, HDFC and other things, I think you rate is very competitive. Just I want to find 
out what was the reason for that as your cost of deposit is very less for that or you 
CASA is very high? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: So, those dynamics will be there for any organization. Those 
figures are there. My cost of deposits is 4% plus, my cost of funds is 3.62%. So, 
those dynamics are there but ultimately somewhere you have to penetrate. So, that 
is what we say the calibrated approach is very important. How we do a calibrated 
approach in my lending practices. So, I will try to get penetration in my high CIBIL 
score rated and give them concessions more, so they are onboarded in my bank, 
and I do more and more cross-selling. My PAPL story is panning out very well. My 
(PAPL) Pre-Approved Personal Loan category product, we didn't have. We have a 
small customer base, we don't have a big customer base but we didn't offer them 
that earlier. Already, we are at Rs.150 crore in that category. And that is a data 
analytical based, historic transaction based product. So, the chances of delinquency 
will be very less. This new innovation is very important nowadays. So, that is where 
we like to more get into.  
 
Participant: Credit cost for the first half is 0.1% and you are anticipating for the full 
year closer to around 1% odd. So, it implies that in the second half, you're 
anticipating higher amount of slippages coming in? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Not really. So, we have given a conservative estimate. One 
of the mid-corporate type accounts, the Rs.70-75 crore category, is actually NPA in 
the books, but technically due to the court intervention, we are unable to classify that 
account as NPA. So, may be that may add up to the volume and maybe certain 
stress in the MSMEs. We are confident that our slippages would remain below Q2 
level but we’ll see how it pans out because certain dynamics we cannot be very sure 
of all the factors that come into play while determining my credit costs. So, we have 
given that conservative guidance, but we will do much better than that. 
 

 
 
Page 14 of 26 
Participant: And sir, your deposit growth, if I just look at it, the first half is at 3% and 
you are anticipating closer to around 12% odd growth. So if I just look at the industry, 
even the industry is at 10%, PSU banks are also 10%. You are lacking there as 
compared to PSU banks as well. So what are the missing product gaps or services, 
which is not there currently? You want to fill up the gap? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: That is what I was explaining, this entire deliberation is that. 
We were hard up of our products in our bank and both on the asset side and on the 
liability side. The bank was very much focused on its recovery and balance sheet 
requirements and the capital constraints that we had. So, innovation in product 
development also didn’t happen. So now that we are developing these products, we 
have created a new type of current account, the flexi current account, which we say, 
that product was not there. We have created the current account with POS terminal 
product, a combo which was not there. We have very good salary account which is 
enabling me to mobilize the salary accounts, salary plus we call it, with a very 
attractive insurance cover and that we are marketing very strongly. If you see my 
CASA growth, 12-13% growth is there, my savings growth is 14%. So, overall, it may 
be stiff, but we have kept that guidance. We feel that to achieve the overall 
objectives of the bank, we will try to mobilize as much as deposits as possible. 
 
Participant: Sir, on the advances side, you are expecting 15% growth. What will 
drive this growth because on the corporate side, I guess PSU banks are still not 
growing aggressively? So one thing I want to understand whether PSU banks are 
participating in the current corporate rally, demand that is coming in or it is coming at 
a very low margins and still you want to choose not to grow in that segment? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes, I also covered this in my earlier deliberation. My 50% 
credit growth will come primarily from the RAM segment which we expect between 
20% and 22%. We are 16% now because we are in co-lending mode. We are also 
upgrading our infrastructure for pool purchase in Q4 may be. So, all the usual drive 
and my PAPL product is there. So we will be augmenting our RAM segment growth 
quite strongly. We will do our corporate growth. As you rightly said, the competition is 
very tough there and for me as a bank, keeping in view my size, CASA ratio, cost of 
deposit, I need to be judicious in balancing my portfolio. So I have kept conservative 

 
 
Page 15 of 26 
guidance of corporate credit of about 7 to 8% and the RAM segment around 21-22% 
maybe to overall balance of 15%. In the RAM segment, it will be driven by housing, 
gold loan, personal loan, vehicle loan. 
 
Participant: Sir, any rough estimate as to what could be the return ratios in terms of 
ROA and ROE for the current fiscal, realistically which you might achieve, any rough 
estimate? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: We are at 0.84 now andwe are looking into profitability 
around Rs.1100 crore for the current year. So, we will improve it and bring it close to 
0.90 as much as possible. That is what we will endeavor to do it. 
 
Participant: And one last thing, want to understand, what has operationally 
changed in terms of functioning of the bank, in the last 3 to 4 years, in terms of 
improving your performance at the ground level for PSUs in general and more 
particular about your bank. Anything that has changed? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: See, on the ground level, as I told you earlier that the bank 
was going through a rough patch as any PSU was doing earlier. We were also not 
immune to the ecosystem. So, we also had our rough batches and the bank was 
primarily into just consolidation. We were just trying to take measures to preserve 
our capital. So the capital infusion is minimum from the Government perspective. So, 
that was the basic endeavor and we were focused on recoveries primarily on the old 
toxic assets that we had. Now, that situation has grossly changed for the better and 
we are now in a business environment. We are now focusing primarily to improve 
our business to grow qualitatively, to grow efficiently. So, the entire system has now 
been calibrated towards that objective. The team is now much more motivated. 
When your organization is down in terms of your profitability, the morale also gets hit 
to a large extent. We are all human beings and we are not immune to such behavior 
but however with the change that has happened, we are now finding that we are 
much more agile, trying to talk business, trying to connect with customers. One 
strength that I have in my organization, I can share with you is that we have a very 
good loyal customer base. Some of our customers in spite of so much of competition 
and availability of organizations where they can shift, we are still having good base 

 
 
Page 16 of 26 
of royal customers who are banking with us for 50-60 years, four generations and 
whenever I have done town hall meetings, customer meets, I found that as a great 
encouraging sign. We just have to keep that, encash on that. Number two, our 
average age of 75% of my employees is below 40 years of age. So, though the bank 
is very old and 114 years old, but age of my employees are young. So I can really 
take them on board and that is what is happening now on the ground. They are 
getting back the confidence that this bank can also be a part of the overall growth 
story of the country. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: At the outset, compliments to you for excellent benchmarks. 
In fact you have achieved the highest benchmarks in key ratios like ROE, I think 
20.88%. I think this is the best among all PSU and private sector, I don’t think 
anybody has higher. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Thank you. I will let the CFO look into that. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Second thing is on price-to-book ratio, which is evaluation for 
banking, I think you are the highest in PSUs? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: May not be the highest, but very close to that. I can tell you 
that. I monitor that myself also. I know that. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Even bigger than big brothers, SBI and PNB. So this is really 
wonderful. A few things, in fact you answered most of the relevant issues. A few 
important things after looking at your presentation, one thing left out on one key ratio. 
That is the third one we see besides ROE and price-to-book i.e. the operating profit 
ratio. When we saw, first is the delight and we see NIA growth, operating profit, half 
yearly also is low, quarter is so bad. So we wonder without operating profit, 
something is there. So, here, we would like to know from you what you are doing to 
improve you operating profit ratio in line with your other ratios where you are 
benchmarking against excellence. Operating ratio growth normally should be over 
15% in such type of an environment? 
 

 
 
Page 17 of 26 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Correct, absolutely. I think you have hit the nail correctly and 
what I would like to tell you is that is my operating profit, though low still has grown 
sequentially by 26% on a Q-on-Q basis, number one. Number two, my half yearly 
operating profit is on negative territory because of the impact of the investment book 
income that we get normally on the trading side. That is what has made me negative, 
but what I like to tell you is that, in spite of having that challenge of not getting that 
return on my trading book, my operating profit has sequentially improved by 26%. 
The base is less, I agree with you, but that is just that means I have now been able 
to recoup that loss in that income category by some other income. That is my core 
income is growing at 18% Y-o-Y and that is where I am focusing. I should not be 
over independent on my investment book. So, that is one part of the answer. The 
second part is what is going forward. That is more important for me to answer. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Normalized operating profit growth. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes, that is I think the outlook what I am looking into. See, 
ultimately operating profit would be a component of my income and my recoveries & 
all that. So, all that will be all collate into and somehow it will result into an operating 
profit for me. So, as I was mentioning, my income primarily from the growth story 
was not happening. Last year we had Rs.1300 crore of operating and Rs.1000 crore 
of net profit. This year, we are having in quarter Rs.318 crore of operating and 
Rs.278 crore of net profit. I need to improve this. So, last year, we had Rs.1,300 
crore overall operating and I am expecting Rs.1,400 crore to Rs.1,500 crore on 
operating profit of the current year and from where will I get this. As I was saying I 
will try to grow more on my high yielding assets, I will try to increase my other 
incomes, focus on recovery and TWO accounts, focus on Bancassurance business 
which the bank had, but it has not been able to extract the total potential out of it. So, 
that is one part I would like to highlight that my gross income from my basic business 
of credit. That is why we are trying to augment our credit growth story. What 
Ajmera’s point is also correlated here is if I cannot augment my credit growth, my 
other ratios also may get impacted in the future. Today, we are all okay, but we need 
to prepare ourselves for the future and again we cannot really go whole hog 
immediately. So, again a calibrated effort, so this cycle is we like to tell before all our 
stakeholders is that we have learnt what has happened in the past. We are going to 

 
 
Page 18 of 26 
position ourselves very strongly this current year and once my infrastructure is in 
place, my technology platform is in place, my capacity building is created, my skill 
steps are improved, my systems are improved, I can really take, may be a big leap 
forward in the next year going forward. So, my income, primarily we will try to get 
from the business side and from my other fee income on my commissions and non-
fund business also. Non-fund business is another territory where we need to work. 
My Forex business is very limited. There is nothing, it is very paltry. So, now if you 
have seen in the newspapers we have gone into a recruitment drive for Forex 
officers at higher scales. So, the specialized positions we required to be also put in 
place, we are getting into data analytics, we are going to go and recruit people on 
the data analytics part, treasury part, Forex part, on the CXO also. We have 
appointed a CRO on a contract basis. The other CXOs which are important also will 
be taken on contract basis. We are searching market for that. So, this period is for 
establishing those processes and we are not in a short term quick wins and the 
solutions, we are not in that run. We are trying to stabilize and maybe we take much 
more better qualitative approach to our growth story from the next year onwards and 
we will see how the ecosystem also pans out. It is very dynamic. Today, we are 
18%-19% credit growth, maybe it is a short term and may not be sustainable in the 
long future. It will say that this may peter down over year-on-year basis, so again we 
have to recalibrate again there. So, we will see how it goes, so it will help us in both 
ways, study the market, prepare ourselves internally and grow for it. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Sir, few important points, in fact in the last couple of years in 
this pandemic, we had very good online meets and online interactions. We were 
talking about technology, we had also talked about technology apps, at that time you 
have been talking about development. As of now would like to know what is the 
stage of app and the number of downloads and the number of business done? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: We have been talking on that and any more question here on 
this? 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Yes, few, this is one of it, other I will just raise the point, so we 
can discuss. Gold loans is a very good opportunity in this area, which is worth 
thousands of crore, or in fact tens of thousands of crore and the number we saw 

 
 
Page 19 of 26 
from the PPT, I think this is about 600 and it is a very high NIM product. So whether 
we can go and grab market share at earlier stages, there is huge competition in that 
everybody wants to get into it? Second thing is we talked about what we were 
lacking, in fact P&S Bank was always known for most loyal customer base and you 
talked about the flexi current. Do we have a flexi savings account which goes into FD 
directly, in fact most of the private sector banks, ICICI, Axis are good? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: We didn’t have the current, so we went into the current. 
Savings we already have. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Another thing, which stands out in P&S bank and your PPT, 
ROE, price-to-book fine, but we have among the lowest, if I am not mistaken it is 
Rs.7? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes, you are right. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Possibly in the next two years, just accrual of profits, it will 
cross 10. So, is it going to stand that way? I believe corrective course of action has 
to be done? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Let us answer one by one. You have put in lot of things in the 
basket. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Yes, and also the payout, definitely everybody looks for 
dividend and the government looks for more dividend as it has been helping you and 
other investors also and all PSU banks are going to give good apparently interim 
dividends and finals also. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Let us calibrate our answers a bit. On the digital site, first of 
all, we have a digital app called what we technically call PSB UnIC internally. This 
was launched in Q3 of last year and any new technological advances are teething in, 
so the bank took its time to stabilize that app itself. My rating in the Playstore 
suffered significantly due to that. The users were not using it because of the teething 
issue who would use the app which does not work properly. So, the first primary task 

 
 
Page 20 of 26 
for me was to get things stabilized. We worked relentlessly on it, so that at least 
whatever services we are providing at this point of time, let it be much more 
smoothened and do it efficiently. That is how my Google Playstore rating went from 
2.6 to 4.4, so we got good feedbacks on that. There are still a lot of things to be 
done. That is hitherto my technological platform also. So, now we have got to a place 
where we can now move very strongly. In terms of downloads, you also asked I 
think. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: Downloads and size of business done through, percentage of 
business does through? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Percentage of business is not too insignificant for me to tell 
you, but first of all I want to market this mobile app to my customers. So, we have 
taken a call internally that we have in our customer base, non-BSBD customers of 58 
lakhs, in overall customer base of nearly 1.40 crore. So, we have want 25% of them, 
at least for the current year to have that app itself. So, that marketing has now 
started and we are progressing, working on that and with the improvement in the 
rating, it is easier for us to tell people also to download. So, by March 23, we feel that 
we can reach 8 to 10 lakhs of downloads for the current year and with the valuated 
services that we will be providing with online account opening, video KYC, wealth 
management, credit card, health insurance, as we imbibe more on services, the 
digital traction will start happening. That is one. The second question was on the 
gold loan, we have seen our traction 92% growth in the gold loan and Southern base 
bank has territorial advantage as far as gold loan is concerned and we are not in the 
Southern part of the country in a big way. In spite of that, with the low base only we 
are growing at around 90% gold loan and we feel that as you rightly said there is a 
lot of potential, my returns are better here, so we will take this forward and try to 
bring in new products like we have brought it in the personal loan preapproved, we 
would like to bring in certain preapproved gold loan category also going forward. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: We have to build systems because in gold loan safe custody 
is important. 
 

 
 
Page 21 of 26 
Swarup Kumar Saha: That is what I am saying. We can all talk of big numbers. We 
can all talk of my competition with the industry, but ultimately as you rightly said, my 
inherent strengths also need to be put in place. So, whatever we do, whatever we go 
big, we first have to have systems in place. Now, it is the time for that, we are 
building those systems and growing. So, as we build up more and more systems, we 
will be improving our portfolio on that part. Your nest question was on payout, so  
last year we gave the dividends significantly to the government also, our public 
shareholding is only about 1%, so we are working on that, how we can bring a bit 
more visibility in that 1%. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: The IPO came at a very high price and then public, this is 
because of government infusion bailouts. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes, that is the story. You already know that. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: The book value was very high, it was more than 30-40%. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Now, the good part was that in the last week in fact, I touched 
my 52 week high. Now the figure is not big, but at least for the bank which is 
growing, ROE made the difference, it touched 19.95. So now it is hovering around 
18.60. So it is good that these things are happening and once the overall bank's 
growth story unfolds and we go into profitable growth trajectory, these are all subsets 
of this performance and I think we can tap market with some capital and try to dilute 
some portion of the government holding. So, if these all things happen and with 
traction happening in the bank, we can take the bank forward and all the numbers 
will fall into place. As I told you in the initial also, top line is important for us, but I 
think our important focus in this entire growth story will be on our efficiency 
parameters which we have also highlighted a few of them. So, that is what we will be 
working. 
 
Manoj Anilchandani: A few years back, when the consolidation happened, the big 
mergers, BOB, PNB, etc., This our small bank was left out apparently for certain 
reason and there were 4 or 5 other banks and among all those banks, this one has a 
highest government holding. So as of now what is the, like our thought process, you 

 
 
Page 22 of 26 
have achieved through lot of efforts and may be environment has now helped in the 
last few months to have excellent parameters, benchmarks, but would that thought 
process in the bank and outside be a standalone bank, as of now you have excellent 
numbers, but consolidation or divestment. It becomes a easiest candidate at a time 
also, there was a thought process, but as you said 98% it becomes much easier than 
any other thing and you have much better numbers than the other banks under 
divestment. They don’t have such attractive numbers, but there are many willing 
bidders across the globe because of the huge customer base and huge opportunity it 
provides. So, which way would we go, divestment or second phase of consolidation 
or standalone for whatever reason or any other option? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: See, the answers are not with me, first of all. This question is 
supposed not to be answered by me. It is not in our hands, why X bank is merged 
and Y bank has not been merged is not proper for me to get into this part. What I can 
tell you for my side is that we have been left alone in that process and we should feel 
that we have good reasons to be left alone. That is all and we try to encash that 
situation and we prove our worth and we are trying to do that exactly and if you find 
in many of the banks which have been left are somehow coming back into the story. 
So, it is not proper for me to. 
 
Sushil Choksey: Congratulation to the dais for stabilizing the bank and performing 
well. The cumulative experience between Sh Raghavendra ji and yourself, between 
PNB, BOI and Bank of Baroda stands tall. You have covered most of the topic on 
operational parameters, technology, enablers to be put in place. The biggest enabler 
which every bank, whether it is State Bank of India or Punjab & Sind or HDFC needs 
is human resource. What are we doing that whatever you speak today on this dais 
can be transformed in the vision of the bank over a period of 3 years. May be in your 
tenure the next tenure and the tenure after that and that is the necessity more than 
any other question need to be answered because that is what I see lacking among 
the five banks which are left out. I am being direct and candid because I compare all 
the banks? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Thanks for the question, in fact. Every bank has its own 
strengths and weaknesses. We should also appreciate that. A bank of our size also, 

 
 
Page 23 of 26 
has its key strengths also. Big banks also went through rough patches very badly in 
their growth story over the last 4-5 years. Now they are recouped with the practices 
that they have brought themselves, they have also done lot of improvements. We 
also as a bank need to address this core issue very strongly. Two of the important 
issues today, in any growth story will be infrastructure and the human resources. 
Infrastructure we are addressing, as I already told you about the migration etc. On 
the human resources, we are now going to engage more qualitative people within 
the bank. We are taking lateral, contract or in-house. The in-house training 
processes are getting magnified through our training colleges and training through 
other big institutions. We have taken that big on the agenda. In fact we are going 
through the process of first of all training because we are primarily going in the RAM 
segment. We need to be careful on the future bubbling in the RAM segment also. 
So, we need to understand that part. We are training our people how to do MSME 
and retail loans also on the current context and how to use the various sources 
information that we have on due diligence through our processes. We are also trying 
to bring capacity building in our corporate trading approaches because with the 
passage of time and with various balance sheet re-management exercise that we 
were doing, we have somewhere lost the bus in terms of our capacity building. For 
capacity building, this needs to be improved. Reskilling is required, upskilling is 
required. The digital culture has to be put into place in the entire organization and 
there is no quick wit on the human resources front. Any human resources reskilling 
and bringing it upgraded to a level which is compatible to the ecosystem, it is the 
time we have to give, we cannot really just push things along. The good part as I told 
you, the bank is by heart young in terms of my employees and the buy-in of the 
employees in this entire growth story will be easier for us and once that buy-in is 
done I think the results will automatically come. 
 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, a question added to this, as the top 5, 10, 20 banks have 
leapfrogged with lot of technology mistakes and good products both and today a 
stage is come where most of the products are matured where banking solutions are 
concerned. Now, you have moved where your technologies from 7 to 10. The tested 
products which are in the market whether it is for auto loan, RAM or credit or 
everything is concerned, is already in place. So when you leapfrog from nothing to 
everything possible overnight, your human resource connect to this technology 

 
 
Page 24 of 26 
products needs a faster pace of training. So will you train the top 1000, 5000 or the 
entire bank and what kind of budget you have for technology and human resource 
which may be the primary growth drivers of this bank? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: I think I can separately give you the figures exactly. I will give 
you separately. I don’t have the figure with me now, but the exact point that you 
raised on the reskilling of our employees on the Finacle approach that is very 
important. We learn from our earlier banks various experiences and we are now 
trying to get into that mode and we have created the policy and going to the 
authorities for the proper training program. How many members we will train and the 
trainer will train the others, so we will go into that, but the objective over would be to 
train as much as possible. That is why we are taking so much time also. We started 
this project in May 22 and we intend to finish it by June and significant part of 3 to 4 
months in between is exactly earmarked for this process. 
 
Sushil Choksey: So, the teething portion would be complete within June and not 
after that? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes, within June. 
 
Sushil Choksey: 
Because the gentleman on the dais would know in the previous 
banks what has happened, so that depreciation was again in other bank? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes, and being a smaller sized bank, the churning of training 
will also be faster, so we have kept a three-month churning for that and that is 
included in this process and it will shortly get rolled out from next quarter onwards. 
 
Sushil Choksey: Sir, one point which I took as a highlight of today's event that you 
have a dedicated customer base which has stuck to you for 4 generations. Now, how 
many products, because you want to build wealth management, you have started 
retail products, you are talking about gold loans, approved loan segment, you are 
talking about salary segment accounts being taken from government entities and 
non-government also possibly and you are sitting in Delhi so public sector, private 

 
 
Page 25 of 26 
sector both can be tapped. How many products would you target to reach out, like 
HDFC has ambitioned to be 7 like Wells Fargo, will you target 2, will you target 5? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: We are at 1.2 around, frankly speaking we are at that level 
and many public sector banks are at that level. Our target is immediately to go to at 
least 3 in a 2-year horizon. So, 2-year horizon we are moving on a product per 
customer to 3 and then we will take it forward as we learn from our past experiences. 
So, that is why this entire bouquet of products is very important for us and we didn’t 
have that. We only had deposit taking and giving advances. We didn’t have the 
entire set to cross sell and once I put this practices on the field, the product per 
customer will get greatly influenced by that and I would like to target myself on a 
March 24 pattern, I will talk to target 3, I think it is 1.3 may be at this point in time. 
 
Sushil Choksey: Congratulations and all the best to the entire team and 
management of PSB. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Thank you. 
 
Vikas Sharma: Sir, I am Vikas Sharma from Infomerics Ratings. Sir, talking about 
credit growth, so which are the key sectors you are focusing in terms of credit 
growth, so the credit uptake will enhance and we can support the corporate rally for 
the demand? 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Overall, of course I have given the mixture in the RAM and 
corporate and within the corporate, I think we will go into the good quality HAM 
projects and the renewables and investment credit also. We have been looking into 
that also and infrastructure and health also. 
 
Participant: Sir, I think a few months back, I had discussed this with you also when 
you came in this that ours is a public sector bank where the government of India is 
holding almost 98-98.5%, but still our bank's LCs are not being accepted to be 
discounted by the foreign banks. In fact we had got a credit limit sanctioned also, 
non-fund base for Rs.75 crore, but the party did not avail because there was no point 
for him if the LCs are not accepted for onward discounting or for trade finance and 

 
 
Page 26 of 26 
other things. So has it been taken up with some of them or is it a very expensive 
exercise to get it approved or are we doing anything in that direction, sir? 
 
Dr Ram Jass Yadav: It is a very relevant question. So being a small at times it is 
hard to recognise but going forward we are going to have certain kind of business 
with other part of the world and soon we will be able to provide.  
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Can you share which are the particular banks. 
 
Participant: I shared four banks in Dubai. So like in that case, our scope for the non-
fund-based facility increases which will help in getting secured good corporate 
accounts. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Correct. 
 
Dr Ram Jass Yadav: After taking this kind of feedback when we have started to 
made in even within country arrangement Bank of Baroda, PNB which has the large 
business in the market. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: All this will fall into place once the perception of the bank also 
improve while we take this on a standalone basis to address the issue, but ultimately 
it is a perception. 
 
Vikas Sharma: But if you can talk to one to one with them then what are we and 
how we are, our LCs can be honored, fully guaranteed. 
 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes, that is what I am going to tell that. Thank you very much 
for your patient hearing and spending your valuable time here. We like to have these 
introductions going forward much more proactively done and we hope that we will be 
able to deliver on what we have discussed today. Thank you very much. Thank you 
all. 
