 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
 
The General Manager,
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001 
The Manager,
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 519602
Scrip Code: KELLTONTEC
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2/H1 – FY 23 Earnings Call held on November 15, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of Q2/ H1 – FY 23 Earnings Call held on Tuesday, November 15, 2022 
at 05:00 hrs (IST). 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the transcript is also available on the website of the Company at the following link: 
 
https://d3tj4wnms16o5e.cloudfront.net/s3fs-public/Investor%20Call%20Transcript%20-%20Q2FY23.pdf  
 
 
This is for your information and record 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Niranjan Chintam 
Managing Director 
DIN- 01658591 
Date: November 21, 2022 
Place: Hyderabad 
 
 
NIRANJAN REDDY 
CHINTAM
Digitally signed by NIRANJAN 
REDDY CHINTAM 
Date: 2022.11.21 12:12:16 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript of Q2/H1 – FY 23 
Earnings Call held on 
November 15, 2022 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd 
Earnings Conference Call 
Nov 15, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Kellton Tech  
Solutions Q2 and FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all  
participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 
0 on your touch-tone phone. I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
company's earnings call for the second quarter of the financial year 2023. Before 
we begin. I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature, 
and such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which 
could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are 
based on the management's beliefs as well as assumptions made from 
information currently available to the management. The audience is cautioned 
not to place any undue alliance on these forward-looking statements in making 
any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to 
educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and a 
financial quarter under review. Now I would like to introduce you to the 
management team participating with us in the earnings call today. We have with 
us Mr. Niranjan Chintam, Chairman and Whole Time Director, Mr. Karanjit Singh, 
Chief Executive Officer, India, and Mr. Srinivas Potluri, Chief Executive Officer, US. 
I now have the conference over to Mr. Niranjan Chintam.  Thank you, and over to 
you, sir.  
Niranjan Chintam: 
 Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining our Q2 earnings call. I'm going to 
start off with the financial highlights during the last quarter, which is the Q2 of 
FY23. Other revenues were around 228 crores, which is about a 9.1% increase 
year on year, with an EBITDA of 26 crores and a net profit of 16 cores. So the 
EBITDA margin was slightly dipped; it's 11.4% in the PAT of 7.4%. The earnings 
per share for this quarter has come down to ₹1.81, which is an increase over the 
last quarter. Coming to the six-month numbers, revenue is around 445 crores, 
which is about a 7.5% year-on-year increase in EBITDA of about 51 crores, a net 
profit of 33 crores. The EBITDA margin is around 11.6%, and the PAT margin is 
7.4%. The earnings per share was around 3.6% for the six months of this financial 
year.  
Looking at some of the operational highlights, last quarter, we added around 10 
new customers. In the same quarter, Outlook magazine also selected us as one 

 
 
 
 
 
of the top ten software development companies in India. We have started our 
brand refresh - the one Kellton initiative - that we've talked about during the last 
six to seven months. So right now, our website has migrated from 
kelltontech.com to kellton.com. We are also working with an external agency to 
help us refresh our brand and get more brand recognition. The agency is based in 
New York and has come up with some preliminary analysis. We will look at it and 
expect more progress over the next few quarters. We also participated in a few 
SAP events. So these are some of the highlights that we have from an operational 
side for the last quarter. Karanjit, can you talk about the customer wins we had 
in the last quarter?  
Karanjit Singh:  
So, as Niranjan said, we've added 10 new customers to our portfolio, and these 
wins are quite interesting. A lot of our customers this quarter had been on the 
newer technology, which is Web3, NFT marketplaces, and data engineering. 
Some of these clients are in the renewable energy, carbon credits space, and e-
learning platforms.  So this is kind of very interesting. I will just give highlights 
about a couple of them for you to get a sense of them. So we are helping build 
the next-generation technology ecosystem for a US-based financial technology 
company. The company is trying to build a platform to enable it to make MSP 
purchases by acquiring loans. If you remember, in the past, we have done a lot of 
work in Web3 and built-in FTP accounts. But this is interesting that they're 
building a platform where they're enabling empty containers by acquiring loans 
using a buy-now-pay-later kind of paradigm.  
Similarly, we have another Web3 marketplace client, a US-based company, which 
encourages selling through live streaming. So, we're building this platform for the 
client where the sellers and retailers can show their products, how they look and 
work, to their potential customers. We are also working with a US-based 
renewable energy consulting company, which is again trying to build on a smart 
CRM and a next-generation platform, which is basically a self-service marketplace 
that will help their customers purchase carbon and energy credits, so carbon and 
energy trading and kind of hold then offset their footprints. Again we have heard 
we are also working with a Middle East Company, where we are kind of helping 
them with our data engineering expertise. There is another area that's seeing a 
lot of traction, where we will help them come up with a robust decision support 
system by looking through their data.  
We're also hunting or we read some work in the healthcare space where we are 
working with a San Francisco-based company, which will have a single window 
system for their patients where they can access all their records like HR log, 
emergency rooms, and hospital records anytime and, of course, this complies 
with the client period standards. So it's not a standard way of looking at stuff 
which is more like the new-age platform for having their customers look up things 

 
 
 
 
 
in one place and not go all over. We are also helping a nonprofit agency to ensure 
refugee children have access to education through an e-learning platform. So 
these are some of the very interesting kinds of companies and the work that we 
were engaged in to help really build the new-age digital things, especially on 
Web3. Thank you.  
Niranjan Chintam:  
Thank you. I know there's a lot of commentary around the economy in the USA 
being in bad shape or a global recession happening. Can you just give some color 
as to what's happening in the US, Shri? 
Srinivas Potluri: 
Thanks for the opportunity to speak. As you said, there are three indicators. 
Whether it be inflation, whether it be recession, unemployment, etc. A lot of 
speculation is going on around all three of those and whether we are in the 
possession or not. But if we look at the inflation grade, it's been consistently 
coming down from June of this year, from 9.1 in June to about 7.7 in October of 
2022. Whereas in the earlier part of the year it went up from about 7 to 9.1. So 
obviously, supply chains have rationalized coming up to speed. The rate we 
receive for a larger part of this year, they've been increasing the interest rate. It's 
expected that they will increase them through early 2023. So that's why I'm trying 
to control the installation, and it's seen in the numbers. So they're obviously not 
trying to trigger a recession but only wanted to slow down the economy. And if 
you look at the unemployment rate, it's been solidly below 4 for the entire year. 
It was about 3.84 to 3.7 in October. Obviously, we saw a lot of high techs releasing 
their engineers, about maybe 120K over the last one month or so. And this is not 
attributed to either a recessionary economy or anything but more with respect 
to over-subscribing to the workforce during the pandemic. Looking at the growth 
that they were saying. Right now, we have not seen any of our customers not 
being in. And so on, they continue to show that they will grow. They're planning 
for growth, and they have moved some of them to the right from the last quarter 
of 2022 to the first quarter of 2023, rightfully so from a budgeting perspective 
and so on. So overall, we see from our customer’s perspective that they're 
planning for growth; we expect the growth to be there in 2023, as well as in this 
last quarter of 2022. Of course, Christmas, Thanksgiving, and all of these holidays, 
etc., will have a small impact, but that's not the economy with its more the 
seasonal change that we are going to see so. In short, I mean, I think it's not as 
bleak as everybody is making it sound. Indicators from our customers, indicators 
on any of the inflation or the recession and unemployment, show that this will 
not be a recession; there will probably be slower growth, but definitely a growth. 
Niranjan Chintam:  
So with that, we want to open up for questions, Rochelle. Can you start queuing 
up for questions, please?  

 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer  
session. Our first question is from the line of Neranjan Chheda,  
an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Neranjan Chheda:  
So I have a list of questions for you, Sir, and your team, and you can add more 
colors based on what you have seen happening in the industry. Plus, where our 
company is heading and where we see ourselves in the coming quarters. So I’ll go 
one by one quickly. So the first question is on its operating margin. The industry 
or, more specifically, our competitors have an operating margin of 25% to 30%, 
you can look at any mid-size or large-size company. I just wanted to know why 
Kellton has a 12% operating margin. Do you think we should now aim for an 
operating margin close to 18% to 20% as it is far, far lower than the industry 
standard? This is my first question. Also, how long would it take us to achieve this 
goal? 
Niranjan Chintam:  
The first thing is, we have noticed that this was a discussion that we had for the 
last few years on how to improve the operating margin. One of the things, or the 
efforts, towards one Kellton, was that I'm not sure if you are aware of the one 
Kellton thing. So, that is one of the initiatives that we launched to get larger 
synergies within the organization itself. While we are still in that journey of 
getting that one Kellton going, we have made significant improvements within 
the last six to nine months of this calendar year; there were a number of meetings 
that happened all over the world to do this reconciliation. If you want to call it or 
in, look at redundancies. How do we get economies of scale going while we are 
operating in silos, that exercise is almost complete, so we should start seeing an 
increase in operating margins starting next year; I'm talking about the fiscal year. 
We are going to see some increase, but while we're doing this exercise, this year 
was bad. I guess a benchmark, if you want to call it, because of the increased labor 
costs. There is about close to between 2%-3% drop in the margins because of the 
increased labor costs. While you can always say that the Dollar is appreciated, 
that's not fully baked in yet. At the same time, in our increase in labor costs is 
outpaced even any dollar appreciation that we have seen in the last probably one 
year. The second thing is we have a significant presence in the US because we are 
on the cutting edge kind of industry, about close to 300 of our employees are in 
the USA. And about 100 are in Europe, where the cost factor is higher, so the 
margins are lower. So just to give you different numbers while we do margins in 
the US, If we are servicing from the US is 30%, whereas if we bring that same 
work, we do it in India. The margins are over 50% I'm driving my gross margins 
there. So the next question of this question is can we migrate them over? We are 
on that work of migrating, but we need to build up the scale. So we don't have 
the scale yet to get to that level. This year we have scaled up by about 300 
employees once we publish our employee numbers, you'll see that we went from 

 
 
 
 
 
a little over 1500 to 1800 plus employees is what we have today, and that is 
growing. So the base in India is increasing. The increase in employees is 
significantly higher in India. If we talk about 80-20, 80% of the growth in the 
employee base is coming from India, and 20% in the US as this trend goes on, we 
will see a lot more margin improvement when it comes to the operating margins 
growth to start up with gross margin and then constructing knowledge.  
Neranjan Chheda:  
Thank you, so I was about to ask you about the employee mix. I think you've 
already answered that. I'll go to the next question now. Our balance sheet says 
that we have close to 100 crores of borrowing. And for that to operate that auto 
finance back, they're paying close to 12 crores of interest every year. So roughly, 
I will say it is in the range of 11% to 12% of the total borrowing. Or what we hold 
now again, this is exactly in line with our operating profit margin, so ideally, in a 
nutshell, this number says that this borrowing is actually not helping out because 
we are paying 12% interest to the banks or from wherever you have taken this 
borrowing. Instead, we are just sending the 12% operating budget so in the plain 
math’s point of view this is borrowing is actually not helping us but on the other 
hand there is 12 crores interest what we are paying this is exactly, if we add 
roughly more 4 crores it is 1 part of net profit. So I'm just trying to ask you whether 
you have any plans to retire this set. If yes, when and if not, then seriously, I think 
we have to think about quickly how to increase the operating profit margin 
because otherwise, it's not adding any value to the numbers.  
Niranjan Chintam:  
See, I think I don't know if you know the history of our company, the way we 
grow, and all this stuff. See, we have not raised any money from the market. It 
has been either self-funded or through debt. Whatever growth we have achieved 
so far. Yes, there's a lot of capital that is stuck in the account receivables and 
related stuff, so the one way to do is we had a finance that we have always been 
growing any money left. We've been either investing in the company's growth or 
doing some strategic acquisition, so the answer is, ideally, I would want to have 
zero debt, but my other option to get to zero debt is either in internal accruals, 
retired with debt. We do have a little bit of are not payable that is still there. Then 
they need to pay out and also fund the growth. There is some R&D investments 
we are making, and all of this cannot be done through internal accruals while we 
have large companies. I don't want to name for the company the largest. Let's say 
the logistical company is a customer of ours. Now we have an account receivable 
timeline of 90 plus days. When we have that kind of a large company that pays us 
in 90-plus days. Somehow we have to service that I guess the work that we do 
and the invoice that time it takes. So we have to use debt for that. We're not 
sitting on cash today. So that's one of the reasons why we do that. But I agree 
with you, ideally, I would rise this well crossword ever gone to the bottom line, 
so that is like you said, if we divide by 3 crores, we would have added to every 

 
 
 
 
 
quarter. I'm not disagreeing with that, but unfortunately, right the business that 
we are in the way we grew and a lack of, let's say, equity in infusion from outside 
entities is what, where we are today.  
Neranjan Chheda:  
I'll go with the next question. So the question is, one year back, you mentioned 
the company targeting post-300 million USD revenues. Where do we see the 
traction coming? Here so and by when.  
Niranjan Chintam:  
Yeah, 200 million is what the target is by 2025 is what we targeted. I think we're 
still marching towards that, and I think we are given where we are today, we 
should be able to achieve that. Unless like there is what we call there is a 
recession or something else happens. So then, in a force measure. That's what 
we're working with word. Unless the force measure happened somewhere, we 
should be able to achieve that.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Mundra, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. We are unable to hear the participants, so we will 
move on to the next question, which is from the line of Shanawaz. Please go 
ahead.  
Shanawaz:  
So I have a certain questions so basically one is I take from for the previous 
quarter where you said that in one or two quarter we are going to see a drastic 
change for the P&L statement and profitability, and the second question that I 
had is from the balance sheet, a balance sheet I am noticing two things, one thing 
which I notice is that you have mention in other asset. It is 178 crore and 
receivable you are mentioning 210 crores, but together it is the last 400 crores 
and your revenue for the six month itself is somewhere 400. So I want to 
understand 178 crore of other assets that it actually comprises. Whether it is 
really achievable or it is a cash or fixed deposit. I mean, what is that particular 178 
crores? Because it is every quarter, and seeing whenever you are seeing the 
balance sheet, it is increasing. And the cash realization in your balance sheet is 
very less. 
Niranjan Chintam:  
 Let me answer the first question related to where you asked about the growth in 
P&L. So yes, I did say that the growth in P&L we're going to start seeing. Yes, there 
is some improvement, but not to the extent that we wanted. We still are working 
on the one Kellton initiative while we are working on that we are making 
investments like I just told you earlier, where there's a brand refresh going on. 
We are using external agencies for the brand refresh. Where you start seeing 
changes. Probably not this year. I'm talking about the calendar year, you'll start 
seeing brand refresh activity coming into play from January on was one of the 
things like I said earlier from a Kellton tech brand, we went to a Kellton, Brand, 
that's a small change, but there are lot of improvements that we are making so 
that there's a stickiness to the customer of the Kellton brand. While in India, 
Kellton is known very well. It is not known in US & Europe. Europe, for us, has not 

 
 
 
 
 
been that great of what we anticipated that when we talked about six months 
ago. We had huge hopes on Europe. But unfortunately, because of Ukraine and 
associated inflation and the cost of living increases that have happened people. 
And companies have scaled back their investments. We have not grown to the 
extent that we wanted to grow while the revenue has gone up. But in a single 
digit numbers, so that's one of the setbacks that we have coming to the balance 
sheet items. You're right; money is stuck in accounts receivables and also accrued 
revenue. So when I say accrued revenue, this is the unbilled revenue. Typically 
what happens is we raise our bills around the 10th of the following month, so 
there's always one month's worth of revenue that is going to be unbilled, plus any 
fixed price contracts, milestone billing that we have not achieved that milestone 
billing. So effectively that number is going to be, you know. Like I said one month, 
if you look at it 227 so at least about 90-100 crores is going to be the accrued 
revenue scale roughly, not going without adding that milestone-based fixed price 
revenues. So that is where the money is stuck. So that is the cash stuck. That is 
why we use debt for some of our working capital needs. The earlier question 
Neranjan was asking. That is where the need for that cash is.  
Shanawaz:  
Yeah, so you mean to say this 178 crores, there is no right off we are going to do. 
I mean, this is we're going to achieve that.  
Niranjan Chintam:  
Yes, there is zero right off on that, now it's like there are in some cases right  
Shanawaz:  
What I notice there in your cash flow statement you have mentioned other asset 
minus 44 crores in 2022 in March. So I don't know what that is whether you have 
purchased from asset. Or it is a write-off you have done. I could not understand 
that thing.  
Niranjan Chintam:  
No, when the cash flow statement happens, it's compared to the previous year 
our previous period So the previous time we gave you a balance sheet, if there is 
an increase, it becomes positive; if there is a decrease, it becomes negative. That 
is all it is. It is pure accounting the way of doing it. It is not a right off there was a 
decrease in that line icon. That's why you're seeing that much  
Shanawaz:  
In the financial year of March 22. You have generated hardly one crore rupees in 
operating cash. So, that is why I'm saying. I mean, how you're going. 
Niranjan Chintam:  
 Can we set up and solve separately to walk you through the cash flow? Because 
I wanted to talk to others about the question because this is purely the way the 
cash flow statement is created. The way it works is from the previous unit to this 
current period. Any increase or decrease is what shows up there, if there is.  
Shanawaz:  
I am just taking your point, Sir. Just why I'm saying is consistently. If you see I was 
looking at you again, you have a profit of 80 crores in the last five-seven years, 
but the net cash, which is there in the balance sheet, is hardly for 20-25-30 crores, 
but. It's not more than that. There is a difference, so that's why it’s my query.  

 
 
 
 
 
Niranjan Chintam:  
So remember that we are paying loans; we're paying earn-outs. We're investing 
in assets for the company, so those are all the adjustments that happen in cash 
flow. So the money it's not a write-off, it's just where it is going or where is 
increase or decrease from the previous time. That's how the cash flow should be 
read is different from your talking from pure cash in cash out. That is not what 
this is. This cash flow is adjustments to the previous period to the current period 
what it is. That's why I said I will be happy to have a separate call with you to walk 
you through the cash flow. This is an accounting way of treatment.  
Shanawaz:  
OK, I mean, so are we going to see a server in the future, like from Q3 onwards? 
So how is going to be number when numbers are going to be on your table? Like 
whether it is the trajectory on the revenue. I'm just trying to put it together with 
the current orders. Like you said, 11 customers is being acquired in this quarter. 
So with that reference, I was just trying to get knowledge. How is the prospect?  
Niranjan Chintam:  
OK, let me answer in the broad sense. I don't read the numbers and in the broad 
sense is that every time we have a new customer, it takes one quarter to two 
quarters for the revenue to start flowing in. So initially the revenue is going to be 
will be less compared to what it is going to be in the following next few quarters 
so that is the trend that has happened and that's across every company, that's 
the way it is. Now coming to our business is in the same boat as everybody else. 
Now to answer your question on what the future is looking like. Like I said, unless 
there's a forced measure, something happens, things are looking good. We want 
to achieve 200 million by 2025. So there is going to be growth in order to achieve 
that, we have to do a CAGR of close to 25% to 30%. I'm just going with the number 
is 29. From what I hear, so there is going to be growth but I want to use the caveat 
of what the recession effect. How long is the Russia-Ukraine war? If somebody 
has some same sense of seeing how it's affecting the whole world on the war, 
either is what is going to dictate some of these growth plans while Srini has given 
in this earlier commentary, Things are not as bad as what it is coming out in the 
new, yes we have a few customers that have ended our projects, but there are 
other projects that we have in pipe that have come on board while 80% of our 
revenue is repeat business. 80% of our customers are giving us revenue year on 
year on year there are about 20% goes away, but adding at a greater rate than 
what the losses. So there is going to be growth. It's just that today I don't want to 
tell you. OK next quarter is this going to be this much revenue growth or things 
like that.  
Moderator:  
Neranjan Chheda, please go ahead.  
Neranjan Chheda:  
I think we still have a lot of time, so I'll now start with the other questions. So I 
just want to ask you; we clearly know this company is very, very highly 
undervalued it has a book value of ₹52. The current stock price is sitting between 
63-64. Likewise, we also have seen the competitors have the same book value. I'll 

 
 
 
 
 
let me give some examples it's already public, so I think I can give those examples. 
We put it Happiest Mind having a book value of 50, trading at 1000 books. To take 
our latent view a book value of 50 trading at 400 crores and all these companies 
they have come after 2018. Now whenever I see those reports, whenever I went 
in those calls as well and the theme is very, very similar the nature of work, what 
we do, digital revenues 90% is coming from the revenue is coming computer 
revenues. That's 10% some consulting work from the other ways along. It's very 
similar to the Employee mix is very different. Like you said or count on the 
employee mixes like most of them are sitting in high location like post location 
then the competitors where they are having the same geographies US and 
everything. But their employment is very different. They're having low cost 
location or lot of their employees. Now the thing is, since they are, I will say a very 
high value company’s stock price point of views. Sir, do you think it is the right 
time for countdown? Appoint somebody assigned of PR where whatever work we 
are doing it the way Karan just mentioned we are doing Web3, we are doing NSP 
we are doing something on the carbon side. You also mentioned that, so the start 
of the call that we are doing so many things, like you mentioned that he came in 
outlook somewhere top ten companies. The start of the call you mentioned that 
somehow so this three doesn't understand this. They are not aware of it and 
somehow I believe it's a time where we really want a strong PR or marketing sell 
whatever work it's been done has to come on Twitter due to whatever this area 
is have to spread like anything in this area. What are your views on this?  
Niranjan Chintam:  
So I agree with you in our stock is undervalued I guess we were. A little bit jaded. 
I'll be very honest there when I say jaded there we have tried all the things that 
you have pointed out. Earlier that was pre-COVID, we have had an analyst 
conferences. I've attended many conferences have been in Bombay multiple 
times to meet Analyst, Firm houses, all of the above that you listed out. So we 
were not successful so we got a little bit jaded there. Now with that said, we have 
not lessen hope we are reinitiating the engagement. One of the things that we 
first wanted to do was do a brand refresh and then go meet all the analysts. So 
the brand refresh has begun like saying earlier, we have hired an external agency 
that is looking at our brand complete all the way down to how we present 
ourselves to what our marketing wage should look like? How should be our sales 
pitches? Everything is being real effect. And we have revamped our marketing 
teams of all of those things we are doing. And we are also talking to a few of 
these. I guess analyst, not analyst firms. I would say industry analysts like the 
darkness of the world, right? So they're not going in targeting Gartner, but we are 
looking at a second level of that. Uh, to start off with to get our name in that 
Magic Quadrant. If you want to call it. So we are on those lines, we are making 
investments and that is also is going to show up in the cost factor for doing all 

 
 
 
 
 
these, we have decided we want to make the investment. Now is the time and 
they're doing it. We will be ready with the new pitch by January of next year and 
then we would be launching a complete PR slash analyst sessions going on from 
January onwards. So probably 2024 financial year is when you start seeing it, but 
the activity is going to begin in January of 2023 calendar year. OK, so we are doing 
we have done this before. Somehow we were not successful. Now we have 
revamped. We have a new marketing team that has come on board. Everything 
is being re looked at a fresh and then we're going to be coming out.  
Neranjan Chheda:  
so I'll go with this last question for the day and basically this is to Karanjit and 
Srinivas, so I think they can add their perspective on this, so I'll start with Karanjit 
and then the similar question to Srinivas as well. So when supper of orders back 
you mentioned about in this call you mentioned about the Indian economy and 
you are targeting some customers in Indian having the studies with governments 
and everything, would you like to just tell us or what's the status there and by 
when you think that you can, you would be able to close it?  Likewise, one 
question to Srinivas as well. You mentioned recently that US is going with all this 
inflation and blah blah stories. I just wanted to know since this big companies 
have started laying or start from Amazon to any of this quick tech companies or 
started laying off the employees said. Do you foresee anything happening for your 
clients or for continuance? And what are the new upcoming projects that you are 
working there or any new technologies on the new tech companies you're 
working there, or anything which you think that would be helpful for us to know 
what's really happening there in US.  
Niranjan Chintam:  
We'll start off with Karanjit first, but let me answer for the government one 
because Karanjit doesn't deal with the government side of it, so he only is purely 
focused on the commercial side effect, so that government perspective things 
have been slow, so we don't know why a new contracts in a while there are other 
things that we see here that people are awarding everywhere that we have 
socialized or have had some I guess building sales, building activities. There they 
have been deferred it's not because of cash flow for some reason all the others 
are getting differed. We are unable to shake loose the contracts out, while once 
the contracts come out we are first in line because we understand that space is 
very well so. But unfortunately nothing has been at a contract state at this point 
OK now Karanjit can you answer about the Indian economy the commercial side. 
All the all the new wins and what activities happening and then we'll have Srinivas 
the answer the same.  
Karanjit Singh:  
So I think your question was, is there anyone very generic, but let me do the best. 
So as Niranjan said, we have a good brand and we kept on building on it so we do 
have some good traction on the Indian side and we're continuing to even the 
previously acquired customers we have been working with a lot of them and 

 
 
 
 
 
deepen our relationship. That's been one of the programs that we have run, 
especially focusing on key growth accounts. We've been doing a lot of that work 
to ensure that they grow apart from that. Obviously, we continue to go in the 
market and sort of also try to get more customers so that's also work that's 
ongoing and that's been going at the same pace as it has been in the past as of 
now, so generally it is going on well as far as on the Indian side as of now. I don't 
know if it answers your question, but this is the broad reaction.  
Niranjan Chintam: 
 So I think the question was in all the new technologies and the new customers, 
the activity Karanjit. So let me answer that, we have seen a lot of multimillion 
contracts that we have won over the last one year in India that was not the case. 
Earlier, so there are a few customers is giving million plus in business and half a 
million plus there are multiple of them in India itself which typically we used to 
hear from outside India. But like Karanjit said earlier in the other regions other 
than India in Asia, pack of the territory we have made. Significant progress in the 
Middle East where we have a few multi million customers there also so there is a 
lot of activity going on and a lot of cool fun stuff happening in the web 3 space, 
that is probably the next cutting edge technology where there's a lot of hype in 
there while Web 3 because of the crypto side of it, there is a bad white going on, 
but the underlying technology of the block chains and the Web 3 is not going to 
go anywhere. While the cryptos might have a short term or a long term downturn, 
we don't anticipate the underlying technology will have any effort and we are 
seeing lot many, many customers asking us to do work in the web 3 space. We 
are probably one of a handful of global companies that have successfully 
deployed solution in Web 3 space, whereas others are not. Siri, can you talk about 
the US layoff? I know you did touch upon it, but a little bit more color please..  
Moderator:  
So let me reconnect Mr. Potluri.  
Niranjan Chintam: 
 So while you are connecting, let me answer that so. So I mentioned the other 
thing that you asked about is what's happening in the US. The layoff so while yes 
Siri has pointed out a little over 100-120 thousand employees, got laid off in the 
tech industry space. That is primarily due to over hiring and not because of any 
reduction in the requirement. Yes, there is some different revenue when it comes 
to that, but people are looking at the growth rate that what was during COVID 
time is not there anymore for these tech companies. I'm talking about the 
Amazons, the makers of the world. So that is the reason why enough people are 
there companies are starting to reduce the employee base. Answering your 
question about the customers we have talked to our customers for the 2023 
budgets because our 2023 this is calendar year. We do calendar year budgets for 
the current year budget so now that we have recently started to exercise what 
we have been informed is that there is no reduction in budget and also as in the 
industry trend whenever there is a recession or cutbacks, there is going to be 

 
 
 
 
 
greater outsourcing so in India is going to win. So we will probably may have to 
move some of that contracts. Or customers will be willing or readily willing to 
move over to India where they were  earlier. So that would be your answer, Siri 
if your back do you want to add any color to that.  
Srinivas Potluri: 
Sure, I had the last part of what you said, Niranjan, and then to answer Neranjan 
question. So we have these new people, right that have been laid off the high 
tech people and most of them are engineers. And if you notice, from our 
perspective of the last year or so, fulfilment was a huge problem. So these people 
will be, (Inaudible 46.17) which have struggled to or found it challenging to fulfill 
internally. So these companies have oversubscribed. They have actually hired a 
lot of people expecting a larger growth and seeing that there was a lull in the 
supply side. They started hiring a lot of people. All they're doing at this time is 
correction. So these people will be available in the open market and it will be 
good for us to actually get some of these people from a perspective of 
implementing our project, I think it's a big win. 
Moderator:  
We have a question from the line of Rajesh Mundra. Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Mundra:  
What is progressive company in the area of meta work?  
Niranjan Chintam:  
OK, so Karanjit, I'll let you take that, but the high level thing is Meta works today 
while they are making baby steps. We are doing lot of R&D in Meta works. We do 
not have too much activity going on there other than the early work, but from 
when it comes to augmented reality, we are doing a lot of work in that. Karanjit 
do you want to add anything on that.  
Karanjit Singh: 
 You kind of got the crux of it there, so Meta works there is a lot of hype around 
meta works. In fact, it was pretty high about last two quarters back. We have 
done a lot of POCs engaged with a lot of customers, especially in the retail space 
or QSR space? But most of them have been sort of in the PEO CS and those kind 
of things, but if you see even in the customer wind, I did talk about there are some 
US cases that will emerge, so in fact, I talked. About live streaming for somebody 
to book and pay later. It's not exactly Meta works, but some of these things as 
well. As we hold 5G where screens will go up and it will all converge. So that is 
where we are at. A lot of excitement use cases are coming up, but they're more 
of what can we do with it and then some POCs. I think then it will build out to 
reality in a couple of years.  
Rajesh Mundra: 
There was on Twitter Kellton. There was, you are specifying that there is 
innovation. What is that?  
Niranjan Chintam:  
What was the question? What is what did you see on Twitter?  
Rajesh Mundra: 
You specified that innovation only word innovation. What was that?  
Niranjan Chintam:  
OK, I guess that's a little bit vague there, Rajesh. And when it comes to that so, 
but innovation, from our side we are talking about any R&D activity, anything new 
that we can accomplish with existing technologies or anything new that we can 

 
 
 
 
 
do within our new technologies like the Web 3 dado and or the meta work 
question that you ask. So that is what we have been doing. Innovation is in our 
DNA. Anything that we do. We would not the state, not the normal way of doing 
things. How can we think outside the box and do it different that nobody else has 
talked about or somebody has an idea, how do we now innovate that idea to 
make it much more palatable to his or in our customers. That is what we mean 
by innovation.  
Moderator: 
 We have a line, a question from the line of Ranjith Chandrasekaran. Please go 
ahead.  
Ranjith Chandrasekaran: 
Sorry like this is my first question and in all the conference call of other 
companies as well and it might go with Charlie but What I could see from the 
balance sheet is on the other expenses.  If you could see from the previous, the 
September quarter and the last quarter. The other expenses increase at the rate 
of 10%, but whereas if we compare it with this I mean like the 30th September 
quarter on the 30th June quarter, the other expenses is increasing at the rate of 
20%. So I don't want to get into detail what the other expenses is. I just want to 
know like is there any way where we can control them or get it reduce?  
Niranjan Chintam:  
So you're right. Other expenses in our case is nothing but the subcontractor or 
contractor expense. So yes, there was an increase compared to the previous 
quarters because we were unable to service our existing customers and the new 
customers that we are getting with the existing employee base that we have. We 
have almost zero bench or sometimes currently say negative bench. So we but 
we still have an obligation to our service our customers so we have outs not 
outsource. We have taken people from outside. To service the existing 
customers, that is where the expense is grouped into the other expenses bucket 
in addition to other professional fees that we might have professional fees are 
we talking about the lawyer fees, the other consultants that are helping out with 
w. So and also the travel right travel is another area that travel has now opened 
up, as you are aware where travel has gone up the cost of travel has almost 
doubled then what it was let's say two years back. So all these things are grouped 
into the other expenses, so the increase is due to constant to subcontractors and 
travel related expenses. 
Moderator:  
Sir there are no further questions right now.  
Niranjan Chintam: 
 OK, then thank you everybody for joining us for the Q3 earnings call. Looking 
forward to talking to you either one-on-one. If you have any questions, please 
reach out to the numbers that we have online as a Rahul Jain I think is where 
finally reach out a question on an e-mail or  ask for a one on one call. We would 
be happy to talk to you otherwise we'll talk to you during our next earnings call, 
which is going to be sometime in February. OK, thank you very much for 
everybody. I'm looking forward to talking to you soon.  

 
 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you Mr. Chintam and members of the management team, ladies and 
gentlemen. With that we conclude this conference call. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
 
