 
19th November 2022
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.,  
     National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
1st Floor New Trading Ring 
 
     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Rotimda Building  
 
 
     Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
     Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
 
 
     MUMBAI – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532899  
 
      
     Scrip Code: KSCL 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub:   Transcript – Kaveri Seed Q2 & FY 2022-23 Results Conference Call on  
           Tuesday, 15th November, 2022 – Reg., 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Please find attached herewith Transcript of Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
Q2 & FY 2022-23 Results Conference Call made on Tuesday, 15th November, 2022.  
 
The transcript and audio is uploaded on the Company’s website as well on below link:  
 
      https://www.kaveriseeds.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/KaveriSeedCompany-15-Nov-2022_Transcript-.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KAVERI SEED COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
SREELATHA VISHNUBHOTLA 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl: a/a. 
                                                      
                              
 
Sreelatha 
Vishnubhotl
a
Digitally signed by 
Sreelatha 
Vishnubhotla 
Date: 2022.11.19 
15:51:52 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MITHUN CHAND – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KAVERI SEED 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 26 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kaveri Seed 
Company’s Q2 & H1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of 
today’s presentation. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. Joining us today on this call we have with Mr. Mithun 
Chand – Executive Director. Before we begin I would like to 
mention that some of the statements made in  todays call maybe 
forward looking in nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. 
For a list of such considerations please refer to the earnings 
presentation. I would now like to hand the conference to Mr. Mithun 
Chand. Thank and over to you Sir! 
Mithun Chand: 
Thank you. Good evening and welcome everyone for our Q2 H1 
FY2023 earnings conference call. We hope you have had a chance to 
review the presentation of our results, which is also available on our 
website. I would touch up on the operational financial performance 
of the company and then open the floor for question and answer 
session. Non cotton segment had grown by 12.6% during the first 
half of the year due to higher revenue growth from rice, maze, and 
vegetables. EBITDA and PAT margins during the half year grew by 
159 and 174 basis points. Growth in non cotton segment were 
achieved in spite of more than 20 lakh hectares less size average. 
Bajra and maize sowing has picked up with a good growth of 10.4% 
and 2.5% respectively. In this quarter we have announced the 
buyback of up to Rs. 125.6 Crores at a maximum purchase price of 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 26 
Rs.700 per share. This is the fifth consecutive buyback by the 
company in the last five years.  
Some developments from the industry aspects government panel has 
approved an application seeking environmental clearance of 
indigenously developed GN mustard seed. Experts are paying the 
way for commercial use of the country’s first GN food crop. This is 
the first GN crop to get an approval in the last two decades. This is a 
very positive move by the Government of India.  
Coming back to the financial highlights of the first half financial 
year 2023 revenue from operations were at 816.44 Crores as 
compared to 758.36 Crores in first half financial year 2022 
registered a growth of 7.66%. EBITDA was at 259.2 Crores as 
compared to 229.19 Crores in first half of 2022 increase by 13.3%. 
Net profit was 2430.39 Crores as compared to 212 Crores in first 
half registered a growth of 14.32%. The cash on book stands at 497 
Crores.  
Segment wise highlights. Cotton volumes increased by 6.1% and 
revenue by 1.5%, hybrid rice volume grew by 5.25%. Hybrid rice 
industry is growing at close to 3 to 4% in the last two years. We are 
the second largest player in the rice market. The company has a 
market share of more than 12.5% as of now. Selection rice volumes 
grew by 17% and revenue by 6.85% close to 7%. The contribution of 
new products is up from 19.75% to 25.16% of volumes. 
Maize volumes increased by 18.68% and revenue by 12.46%. 
Contribution of new products was up from 23.6% to 34.5% of 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 26 
volume. Vegetable sales volumes increased by 20.54% while 
revenue increased by 18.7%. Major segments are hot pepper, tomato, 
gourds and okara. We had growth in Op’s like coriander and 
cowpea. We as a company has been heavily investing in R&D and 
have been ideal in bringing multiple new variants across the seed 
segments and going to be the biggest beneficiary. I would now open 
the floor for question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
We have the first question from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. 
Please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. My question is regarding 
the tax that has been imposed on our company. I am of the 
understanding that the company owns land. It is leased out by the 
company and all activities are performed by the company then no tax 
is levied but government has imposed a tax. How are we proceeding 
with that, are we contesting that and do we have any updates from 
the sale. 
Mithun Chand: 
As we have mentioned to the exchanges earlier for the financial year 
2019-2020 we were claiming an agriculture income that was denied 
by the tax authority. We have gone for the appeal and filed an appeal 
against that. 
Gunit Singh: 
So that is just for financial year 2019-2020. 
Mithun Chand: 
The demand what we got is for 2019-2020.financial year. That is the 
only demand what we got and that is what we went for the appeal. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 26 
Gunit Singh: 
So going forward do we have any clarity on whether this tax will be 
levied on us. 
Mithun Chand: 
Not really that is again subject to the interpretation of the authorities. 
As of now we are claiming the same benefit. If anything is there we 
will definitely inform. 
Gunit Singh: 
Can you just elaborate the reason why government would have 
imposed this tax on us, do we not own the land. 
Mithun Chand: 
I may not go back to the government side but our side what we feel 
is an agriculture activity and we are claiming this income for last 
many years and it was allowed. This is the only financial year where 
we were not allowed for that we went for the appeal. Once we get 
the decision we will update it. 
Gunit Singh: 
Any potential reason you think just for that financial year it was 
levied and not for any other. 
Mithun Chand: 
We do not have much of idea. It is a routine process and we will 
update as I said earlier. Any news on this we will update. 
Gunit Singh: 
Alright. My last question regarding the same is that the only 
financial year when it was levied or previously we had any other 
occurrence as well. 
Mithun Chand: 
We had only one demand for the financial year 2019-2020. When we 
got that order that was clearly mentioned to the exchanges and it was 
there in website and for that financial year we have gone for the 
appeal. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 26 
Gunit Singh: 
Alright thank you for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Anurag Jain 
an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Good afternoon. Sir my first question is the performance has been 
good enough evenly in the quarter however the overall performance 
is clouded by 50% decline in other income. Other income has 
dropped from Rs.15 Crores to Rs. 7.5 Crores so what is the reason 
for this drop in other income. 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically for us other income is income generated by investing 
activities in financial instruments which I mentioned in the annual 
report, basically SEBI registered funds, long term and short term. 
Based on the maturity of the funds whenever we get income we are 
booking it. 
Anurag Jain: 
I have two more questions related to the balance sheet. The freight 
payable other than MSG have declined from Rs. 372 Crores, Rs. 372 
Crores was the number in September 2020. I am comparing 
September balance sheet only. Two years ago September 2020, the 
freight payable was Rs. 372 Crores. They came down to Rs. 245 
Crores in September 2021 and now currently they are at Rs. 180 
Crores in September 2022 so there appears to be actually a decline in 
freight payable so my question was is there a change in policy or 
terms with the producer farmers and because of which the trade 
payables are declining. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 26 
Mithun Chand: 
That all depends on what sort of production we are doing, which 
crop we are doing. In the previous year we were producing lot of 
cotton and we were having a lot of inventory of cotton that is how 
the area got in declined in cotton. The other thing is that as rightly 
said even now we are seeing advances I mean to say as a lease 
agreement and everything we are paying advance and the production 
cost is incurred much earlier now. 
Anurag Jain: 
So that is why the payables are decreasing. 
Mithun Chand: 
That all depends on the dynamics of the crops and which crops and 
where we are operating in that. End of the day, the crops matter. 
Anurag Jain: 
Another question on the balance sheet was that see from last year 
September 2021 the receivables were Rs. 281 Crores they have 
increased currently to Rs. 366 Crores so my question is that overall 
how are the industry conditions on recoverability of receivables from 
the trade and how comfortable is Kaveri on recovering the 
receivables because these have increased significantly in last one or 
two years and any update on the outstanding receivables from state 
government which was earlier provisioned for and we were 
expecting recovery. 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see the receivables and if you see the bad debt percentage as a 
company which we disclose every time it is less than 0.5% and till 
date we had only Rs. 40 odd Crores of bad debt for the last 8 to 10 
years including the government body and majority of the bad debts 
are from the government body. Otherwise the trade receivables we 
are not much worried about it but this time some area the season got 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 26 
delayed, the receivables took some time but we are not bothered 
about the receivables most of the receivables will be closed. Once 
you see the balance sheet of the year end most of that will be 
received and regarding the government bodies some we have 
received, majority is pending but slowly started coming now. 
Anurag Jain: 
Thank you Sir. This is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aagam Shah 
from RSPN Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Aagam Shah: 
Hi congratulations for a good set of numbers. I have just two 
questions on buyback front do we have any sense about promoter’s 
participation in the buyback do you have any idea. 
Mithun Chand: 
We have clearly mentioned in the scheme itself when we gave to 
public when we had a meeting we have clearly indicated to the 
investors and to the exchange. It is a pure market mechanism 
buyback where promoters are not eligible to participate. We are not 
participating in it. 
Aagam Shah: 
Okay that’s it and in terms of time line when should this thing 
operate. 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically it is all very much said in the act itself we need to go as per 
that but for your information we have already started buying and we 
are intimating it to the exchanges every day. I don’t know the 
present status but it is all there in the website and the exchanges. 
What is the quantity we bought and as mandatory statutory we need 
to disclose it every day and that we are doing it. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 26 
Aagam Shah: 
Okay alright thanks a lot. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sanjeev 
Zarbade from Dreamladder Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: Yes Sir couple of questions from my side. Wanted to understand 
when will the volume growth start contributing towards the revenue 
growth if you could give some idea. 
Mithun Chand: 
If you compare this year to the previous year there was much of a 
volume growth higher than the revenue growth in most of the crop 
but clearly as I said we have much higher volume growth than the 
revenue growth, the reason for that is, this time we have given 
discounts because of the competition in cotton and other crops we 
have realized less that is one of the reasons the revenues are lower 
otherwise if you see the volumes have grown more than 12% to 15% 
in most of the crops. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: Second question is are you looking for any acquisitions in seed and 
other related activity. 
Mithun Chand: 
As of now, no. We were looking for a vegetable company but right 
now we have a good R&D and I do not think we are looking for any 
vegetable company. At the same time we are not saying that we are 
not inclined to this. If we see any right opportunity we might go for 
it, but proactively we are not working for it, but if we get any 
opportunity we will not leave it. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: Sir last question from my side when would we see again good 
numbers like in the recent times in cotton crop are you expecting any 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 26 
similar disruptive technology entering the country both in cotton and 
non cotton business. 
Mithun Chand: 
See when you talk about the revenues we are going on year on year 
basis and if you see the composition right now when earlier it was 
like 75 to 80% was contributed by cotton. Right now it came down 
close to 35 to 37% which you were seeing for the last 3 years the 
contribution of cotton will come down by less than 40%. That is 
already happening and all other segments we are growing but if you 
see the recent developments what we had like government allowing 
GM mustard trials for indigenous and then the meeting which is 
coming up for BG to RFF for the new technology which is moving 
faster so that is a very positive thing. If the new technology is 
coming definitely we may see good volumes picking up in the cotton 
side. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: Alright Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Tiwari 
from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Good evening Sir and thanks for the opportunity. My first question is 
how is the competition from illegal BT cotton in the current quarter 
compared to previous other quarters. 
Mithun Chand: 
 See anyhow cotton come in the first quarter. We do not see any such 
sale in the second quarter it is only the left out sale what we get in 
the second quarter apart from states like Tamil Nadu which is very 
small state but if you see illegal cotton is playing a big role as of now 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 26 
but most of the governments are against for the illegal cotton so it 
has remained stagnant or slightly lower as a percentage compared to 
the previous year but in the second quarter we do not see any change 
in that. As I said it is a very lean quarter going forward now the 
government is approving for the new technology so the illegal cotton 
should come down as a percentage going forward as the government 
approves the technology. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
 So we can expect in the coming quarters the market share which we 
were losing or the organized sector was losing that will not happen 
basically. 
Mithun Chand: 
 Three of the four quarters we do not do any sale in cotton as such but 
in the coming year definitely the organized sector will have a larger 
percentage in the market and we are one of the biggest players in 
cotton and definitely we think that we can go back to our market 
shares once the new technology comes back. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
 Sure Sir and on this GM mustard. If you could quantify what would 
be like the industry size and what will be the revenue potential or the 
industry potential for this GM mustard. 
Mithun Chand: 
 As of now we do not have any GM mustard but mustard is grown 
close to 7 million hectares across India and now it is slowly moving 
onto hybridisation in mustards. It is very marginal right now but it is 
moving in that direction and as we are importing oil even 
government is pushing for the mustard seeds going forward we see a 
very good sowing for the mustard seeds. The other point what we 
need to see here is that mustard is a crop no doubt it is important 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 26 
crop but it is the first food crop which got GM license and GM 
trialing. Going forward it is like all food crops will come into it that 
will open up a new market and our new variants and new crops will 
definitely add to it and that is a huge potential for companies like us 
which have a good market share in most of the crops where we 
operate and continuously we are venturing into other crops which 
will further help us to gain market share in most of the crops. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
 Thank you Sir and last one question so if I look across all the crops 
like cotton hybrid, rice, maize, vegetable, our volume has increased 
more than the revenue so is there any pricing pressure or because of 
competition or something like that where the volume growth. 
Mithun Chand: 
 Just now I said the volumes are up this year as compared to previous 
year but this time because of competition and because of some other 
issues we were not able to realize for example cotton the realization 
was much lower than the last year so that got impacted to some 
extent and that is a very temporary process we do not see that will 
continue for long. This is one of the years where there are some 
cases we need to reduce our realization based on the competition. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
 Sure Sir and what portion of your product portfolio would be 
attributed to Rabi crops. 
Mithun Chand: 
 We take third and fourth quarter there is Rabi that should be around 
20 to 25% of the sales. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
 And how has the season started like. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 26 
Mithun Chand: 
 It is too early but see a very good rabi coming up because we see 
good prices for the maize and we are pretty confident that we can do 
good sale in maize and even in sunflower for the second half as 
compared to the previous year. Anyhow even though it is a lean 
quarter but as compared to quarter on quarter basis I think we will be 
doing well in the crops where we operate and if you see in this year 
it was very tough year in terms of overall cropping conditions. Most 
of the crops were down. The other crops came up. Even in that tough 
condition we were able to increase our sales and our market shares 
as well. If you see we have gone to 12.5% market share which itself 
shows the strength of our hybrids and even in maize we have grown 
by more than 18% which are for the volumes whereas industry is 
less than 5%. Even in sunflower we have grown double more than 
2.5% in sunflower and even in bajra we grew. So if you see crop by 
crop basis in most of the crops we have gained market share and that 
itself shows the strength of products in the tough condition and going 
forward it will really help us to gain further market shares and 
realize more value for us.  
Yogesh Tiwari: 
 Yes but overall you are seeing a strong like for the industry, Q3 has 
been good as you told that maize prices has increased because of this 
factors it has supported industry in Q3 right. 
Mithun Chand: 
 Q3 is only one month now. The season looks good, the products are 
just moving in. When the portfolio what we have compared to our 
portfolio to the previous year we see good Rabi coming up. Rabi is 
basically a maize product and some rice we see both crops doing 
well and sunflower is also there. The three crops we are doing well. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 26 
The other interesting thing is even vegetables, we have seen a good 
year this year. Good crop in the third and fourth quarter. Chilly is 
also moving now so even that it will contribute so all contribution as 
a contribution of all crops is growth for our company in Q3 and 
initial growth. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
 Sure thank you Sir. That is helpful. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
 Good afternoon. Sir the first question is on the impending GAC 
approval of HTBT cotton. If this goes through which is very likely to 
happen will the price be controlled price that we already see in BG1 
or this will not figure under price control and secondly there will be 
a royalty payment involved for this one which is there now. Any 
thoughts on this. 
Mithun Chand: 
 What we see when coming to GMC the technology is provided by 
Bayer so definitely there will be a royalty on that as industry with the 
government as an association with the technology provider we are 
working out in such a way all the parties should be benefited. In 
terms of the price control it is so early to say whether it will be 
controlled or not but we are in discussion with all the parties 
involved and we will have an amicable solution for it which will not 
hurt any interest and it will help the Indian farmer so the direction 
will be a win win situation for all the players. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 26 
Gagan Thareja: 
 The acreage under cotton may or may not increase but there will be a 
shift away from BG1 to BG2 which might give some scope for 
market share gains. 
Mithun Chand: 
 Sorry to interrupt your question but it is not only about the acreage 
shift. If you see traditionally Indian acreage in and around 12 million 
hectares less or minus two for the last 20 years but there are very 
new technologies which are coming in. Right now once the 
technology comes in most of the hybrid may be mechanically 
harvested or high density plantation even though the acreage might 
be the same but the volume may double or triple. 
Gagan Thareja: 
 So you are saying that with the same acreage there is same packets 
that you can sell can also double or triple. 
Mithun Chand: 
 Because the feed rate for acre is growing. If you see in the traditional 
way when it was one packet 15 years back it has come up to 2.2. 
With the new technologies it may go up to six or eight packets. 
There are some countries where they go for 13 packets per acre as a 
volume as quantity that all depends on the technology and what sort 
of hybrid you are sowing whether it is mechanically harvested so 
that all comes on later on but it is a good sign for the industry. If a 
new technology comes in the illegal BT will come down and we will 
have a scope to innovate good products and help the Indian farmers 
and improve the productivity with various techniques in that so 
definitely the market and there is a scope to increase market share 
both will be positive. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 26 
Gagan Thareja: 
 From the perspective of profitability do you see this as being at the 
same levels that you have on your cotton portfolio or do you see 
foresee some material change to your profitability. 
Mithun Chand: 
 Right now cotton is the least in our portfolio but definitely going 
down the line cotton will definitely improve. Cotton as a crop is a 
very lucrative crop because of some various issues we could not do 
much work in the last 7 to 8 years but before that cotton was a very 
lucrative crop and we are very pretty hopeful that it will come back 
to its own level and seed is an important part in the entire 
agriculture. It is one which determines the entire productivity so seed 
is the premium product and always there is a premium on the seed 
which we sell so we are not worried about that and it can be easily 
realized from the market. 
Gagan Thareja: 
 Also the government put some restrictions on the usage of 
glyphosate in that only a certified or registered pesticide trained 
person. 
Mithun Chand: 
 That is again coming back to the illegal BT to control illegal BT 
because illegal BT is nothing but resistant to glyphosate so to control 
illegal BT they have done alternate ways but once the technology is 
approved I am pretty sure that illegal BT will not be used. 
Gagan Thareja: 
 Do you see this sort of delaying the approval or launch process for 
HTBT or BG2 because the government would want sometime before 
they can control one season before they can control the illegal HTBT 
cotton and then bring the legal version. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 26 
Mithun Chand: 
 That is not the one because the protein extraction in most of the 
illegal BT is not there. When you have a process the excretion of the 
protein is different and the quality of the seed and the performance 
of the seed entirely differs. I do not think there might be much delay 
again subject to government policy but if you see in the last 1 to 2 
years the things how it is moving and the proactiveness of the 
government and the technology provider we are pretty confident that 
the technology will come pretty fast. I think the way how they have 
given GM mustard and the next meeting they have called for BT 
cotton so definitely there will be some sort of breakthrough and as an 
industry we are pretty hopeful and working towards getting the new 
technologies which will indirectly control the illegal BT also which 
is the need of the hour and even government wants that. 
Gagan Thareja: 
 But there are two aspects one is that you will need glyphosate for 
HTBT cotton also. If the current policy of usage around glyphosate 
continues there might be some hesitation in taking up HTBT cotton. 
Mithun Chand: 
 That is a different thing. That is again a government policy. If they 
approve the BT cotton legally then they will give for the glyphosate 
also. 
Gagan Thareja: 
 And secondly you will also have to procure the trait and develop 
your hybrid or have you already been in the process of doing that. 
Mithun Chand: 
 We have already given that. We have given many years back for the 
converted lines are already with them. Once the government 
approves it will not take more than a season to get the converted line. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 26 
Gagan Thareja: 
 And secondly Sir on the tax aspect even the start of this calendar 
year around February the Telangana authority for advance ruling 
came out with two ruling stating that seeds cannot be considered as 
agricultural produce I mean hybrid seeds and therefore should attract 
GST at the 18% rate. Has that had any bearing on the current tax 
demand raised on new because these rulings might form a precursor 
for reference this issue recurring in the future also. 
Mithun Chand: 
 There are two different aspects one what we are talking about what 
we have got demand for the income tax not the GST related one. The 
advance ruling act is related to the GST. Even that clearly mentions 
that not the seeds process but anything which is processed and sold 
in the secondary market should be taxed, not the primary product. 
We have got the GST exempted which is there in the ruling itself 
that is the secondary source. 
Gagan Thareja: 
 So you do not see any risk on that. 
Mithun Chand: 
 No. Because from the GST counsel itself the seed is exempted from 
that.    
Gagan Thareja: 
 Because you have your ears close to the ground. If you could give us 
some idea how the market is currently sort of formed between you 
and your competition in your various significant crops because 
hybrid rice you are saying market is growing at 3 to 4%. If you could 
give some idea of each of these crops, the outlook for the coming 
Rabi and followed up by the next karif it would help us understand. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 26 
Mithun Chand: 
 Sure if you see this year as I explained in one of the questions even 
though this year was very tough year in terms of the hybrid market 
there are many alternate crops. The crops got shifted even in that 
scenario we were able to grow in the crop where we operate for 
example in maize we have grown by more than 18% in volumes. In 
terms of the revenue it might be 13 to 14% but in terms of volumes 
we have grown by more than 18%. In hybrid rice we have grown 
more than 17%. In cotton also we have grown so that itself shows 
the strength of our hybrid as compared to the competition and we are 
pretty confident going forward that we have very good hybrids and a 
good set of pipeline hybrids which will help us to increase market 
share and as an advantage for Kaveri is that we are there in the most 
of the crops across all portfolio and we are the only company in 
India to have such a large portfolio and presence across all states. 
Any cropping pattern shift or change based on the seasonality may 
not impact much because we have the other alternative crops to cater 
to the market and again we have added mustard to our portfolio. We 
have pulses and soya bean even though it is not a big market as of 
now. We are working on all those segments. We have intensified our 
breeding programme in R&D in vegetable so that is also helping us 
to grow so in all directions we are not leaving any area including 
exports we are targeting so that gives us confidence that we will 
grow much better than the market and we will increase our market 
share going forward based on our portfolio. We are pretty confident 
about that. 
Gagan Thareja: 
 Thanks Sir. I will get back in the queue. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 26 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Udhaya Prakash from 
Value Research India. Please go ahead. 
Udhaya Prakash: Hi Sir thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions both related 
to the rice segment. The growth in hybrid rice has been low 
compared to selection price and when we go to revenue on a half 
year basis revenue in hybrid rice has actually fallen by 2.3% can you 
please tell me what is the reason behind this and my second question 
is can you please elaborate the difference between the hybrid rice 
and selection price because selection rice has seen a much better 
growth in the first half of this year so what influences this for 
someone to buy. 
Mithun Chand: 
So basically the difference between hybrid and selection rice is that 
hybrid has different variants, different breeding activity where the 
seeds of that may not be used again. The cultivation and the process 
is different. I mean it is not much different it is same but the 
technology and the adaption as a process to derive to that is 
different. It is basically like the hybrid and selection is nothing but 
the varieties in hybrids whereas selection rice are research varieties 
which are developed by our own company and not by any other 
government body. It is developed by our own and we sell it in the 
market. 
Udhaya Prakash: Yes Sir the reason for flat growth in hybrid rice as compared to 
selection rise I am saying. 
Mithun Chand: 
As I said this year it was a very tough market in hybrid rice as 
compared to the previous year, the acreages were under pressure. As 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 26 
I said that in the call itself that 20 lakh acres were down when 
compared to the previous year. Even in that scenario we were able to 
grow more in rice. Selection rice because there were heavy rains and 
the process got delayed that is the reason they have moved to 
selection rice. That is where we have seen a growth of more than 
17% so both are rice segments based on the seasonality and the 
adaption they move in those direction. 
Udhaya Prakash: Is there a margin difference between hybrid rice and selection rice or 
the margins are all same. 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically the margins more or less in all the crops remain same apart 
one or two segments but most of the crops we operate at the same 
margin more or less between the 25 to 35% margin, all non cotton 
crops will be in the same line. 
Udhaya Prakash: Okay Sir that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vinit from 
IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vinit: 
Hello Sir thanks for taking my question. My first one was on the GM 
mustard trial approval that we got from the government. What are 
the crops that are also being considered if you could shed some light 
on the crops that the government is currently considering for 
approval will be very useful and post approval how long will it take 
to roll out these hybrid seeds in the market? 
Mithun Chand: 
this is the first trial that they have approved in the last 20 years. 
There are many crops which are lined up, maize is there, rice is 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 26 
there, and brinjal is there. There are many other crops. Soya is also 
there, but right now government has given approval for trialing of 
mustard. If that is approved it may take couple of years to get 
because we need to get the technology in and then we need to 
transfer the technology to others hybrid so it may take two or three 
years. Even though it is taking time it may three to four years down 
the line but it is a very good sign to get new technologies and the 
process will be very much simplified and very much under the 
guidelines so that is a very positive sign. 
Vinit: 
Okay understood and Sir I noticed that in the tax expenses about 1 
Crore of tax pertaining to earlier years as an effective tax rates also 
the quarter of 50 odd percent effective of tax rate. I mean what is the 
reason for such a high tax expense in this quarter. 
Mithun Chand: 
See that 1 Crore is a very small quantum and again whatever tax we 
paid is on the other income what we generate. It is not on the 
business so based on the fund redemption, based on the income what 
we got the tax. 
Vinit: 
Okay got it and just one clarification was on the EPS. I think the 
statement says an EPS of 0.28 is this correct because the share count 
seems unusually high using this. The EPS that you reported on 
consol basis is 0.28 rupees per share. 
Mithun Chand: 
Just need to check it because we have got close to 12 Crores of 
equity with Rs.2 face value close to 5.8 Crores shares then divide by 
profit. I just need to check it. I do not have the figures right now. 
Usually that should be right but I will again I will correct it. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 26 
Vinit: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nitin 
Awasthi from Incred Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Hello Sir. Sir I would like to ask once the HTBT cotton comes in 
and like you said you are working on parallel lines but you will also 
have a stock of older piece which will carry the stock for a very long 
time what happens to that stock, you write off that entire stock for 
seeds or what happens to that stock that is what I want to know. 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically when you get HTBT sale it is not possible to convert the 
entire volume into HTBT in the next one or two years. It will take 
some time to convert because we need to have the parental seeds to 
multiply and then sell it so in the due course we will not produce the 
old seed we will produce the converted seed and will balance in that 
way. Usually the running hybrid seed does not have the risk of 
feeding it out. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay understood Sir. Basically till the time that seed is actually 
coming to commercial production you will end these seeds and you 
would not produce any of the prior seeds. 
Mithun Chand: 
It will move on a combination of all. First year it might be 2%, 98% 
then it slightly increase the percentage in that flow that is how it 
happens. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay understood. Sir secondly company much smaller than yours in 
the seed segment are moving into different countries in the south 
east Asian market and obviously with government support because 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 26 
of which those things would not have happened so diplomacy is very 
highly required for seed companies to go into different countries but 
we do not see that happening with your company is there a reason 
specific for that or are you also looking to move into south east 
countries but have not been able to break ground as of now so will 
you highlight that Sir or give your thoughts on this. 
Mithun Chand: 
We are mentioning in most of the calls saying that we are working 
with seven different countries even though if you see our exports, we 
are doing export business of more than Rs. 20 Crore for the last five 
to six years but that is majority from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Nepal 
and these are the countries. We have given seed in south eastern 
countries and some African countries especially in Indonesia, 
Thailand, and Philippines and in African countries. We have been in 
the trialing stage once we get the approval we market it. Right now 
we do not have research centers there. We do not want to set up a 
research center strategically as of now because some of the hybrids 
are suitable for their condition so we are trialing that. The initial 
trials gave a very positive response and we are trialing for the last 2 
to 3 years and we have exported some this year also. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
The R&D centers in countries in Africa because Africa as a 
continent is emerging as the fastest basket of countries which is 
approving GM seeds so why the African institution are not setting up 
R&D centers in one of the countries and exploiting the opportunity 
there. 
Mithun Chand: 
So one thing we have good market in India first thing. We are 
focusing more on Indian market. At the same time we are not 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 26 
neglecting the other countries but we need to have a proper strategy 
to go there because you know much about the African countries, no 
Indian company is successful there in Africa. There are many 
countries who are doing research for last 15 years but no one has 
done enough leaving apart company or two. No one has been 
successful in doing business in Africa. For example we are not 
allowed to sell cotton there because the technology is BG 
technology. In terms of the maize they go with white maize. We 
have the yellow maize here so there are some constraint but at the 
same time there are some countries where some products which are 
similar to us can be marketed there, so first we are exploring that 
countries and as a strategy when we are going to South East Asian 
counties maize and rice are the big crop. In these two crops we have 
very good portfolio and very good R&D and we have some products 
which are suitable for those areas, climatic conditions, so we want to 
explore that. We want to have some market, some distribution 
network and then set up an office. For example in Bangladesh we are 
doing for last three to four years. We were doing from a distribution 
channel right now we want to set up a company in Bangladesh once 
we have some decent size. We do not want to bleed and we do not 
want to expand unnecessarily where we cannot manage and you 
know Africa very well, the conditions are different, the policies are 
different and every morning is a different morning there. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood Sir and thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Mithun Chand for his closing comments. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 26 of 26 
Mithun Chand: 
Thanks all for participating in the con call. For any further 
clarification you can reach our investor desk at any time to the 
number mentioned in the presentation. Thanks all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you for joint call. For any further info please be in touch with 
Rama Naidu from Intellect PR. On behalf of Kaveri Seed Company 
Limited that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you many now disconnect your lines. 
