                                                                                                                                                                   
                         
 
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                CIN : 
L74110HP2004LC027558 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
To 
 
The Listing Department 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JHS 
 
Scrip Code: 532771 
 
Subject: Outcome of Investors/Analyst meet- Transcript of the Conference Call held to 
discuss Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2022 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosures Requirements) Regulations 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the conference call with analysts and investors held 
on Tuesday, November 15, 2022 to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of JHS Svendgaard 
Laboratories Limited for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2022. 
 
This 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.svendgaard.com/Earnings%20Call.html. 
 
 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information into your records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully 
For JHS Svendgaard Laboratories Limited 
 
Komal Jha 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: A/a 
 
Koma
l Jha
Digitally signed 
by Komal Jha 
Date: 2022.11.21 
17:25:41 +05'30'

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
 
 
 
 
JHS SVENDGAARD LABORATORIES LIMITED 
Q2 FY23 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
NOVEMBER 15, 2022 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:    Mr. Paramveer Singh- Chief Executive Officer 
                                 Mr. Ashish Goel- Chief Financial Officer 
 
 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
JHS Svendgaard Laboratories Limited 
Q2 FY23 earnings conference call 
November 15, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day and welcome to the Q2 FY23 earnings conference call of JHS Svendgaard 
Laboratories Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the Company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involved risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Paramveer Singh, CEO from JHS Svendgaard Laboratories 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Paramveer Singh: 
Good evening everyone. I would like to wish you all a very warm welcome to JHS 
Svendgaard Laboratories Limited earning conference call for the second quarter and half 
year ended 30th September 2022. On call with me today, I have Mr. Ashish Goel – our 
group CFO along with Mr. Neeraj Kumar and Adfactors – our Investor Relations Team. I 
would like to share a brief overview of our company and the recent developments before 
we get into the business and financial performance.  
JHS Svendgaard Laboratories Limited was established in 1996 as a manufacturer of 
toothbrushes. During recent years the company partnered with various industrial giants 
like Gillette and Amway among others, to manufacturer Oral-B toothbrushes range of oral 
care products respectively. Subsequently, during the 2000s we extended our portfolio by 
adding three facilities to manufacture toothpastes, mouth washes and denture tablets. 
Over the years, we further expanded seven prestigious FMCG brands to our portfolio 
including P&G, Wella, Patanjali, Hindustan Lever Limited (for Close Up toothpaste). The 
company also has its proprietary brand Aquawhite which specializes in kids oral care 
products. Today, we are India's the largest integrated manufacturer of oral care products 
with diverse products portfolio for adults as well as children. JHS Svendgaard Laboratories 
Limited has 6 manufacturing units spanning over 20 acres in Himachal Pradesh. These 
include 2 units each for toothbrush and toothpaste that are ayurvedic and cosmetics 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
under the FDA category. The new plant for personal care products like talcum powders, 
lotions and shampoos has all the necessary statutory approvals from respective 
authorities and is ready for commercial operations. The company has a strong in- house 
R&D function and as well-established sales and distribution network across India. We also 
have strategic access to export markets covering the US, Europe, Middle East, Southeast 
Asian market. As of now, exports have dipped quite a bit but we soon expect it to gain 
some traction. With a dynamic and experienced leadership team, JHS Svendgaard 
Laboratories Limited has established itself as a trusted player in its segments and is well 
positioned to grow in the future.  
Now, coming to some key developments over the year, in line with our strategy to add 
more partners and products in our portfolio, during the first half of this year and we 
entered into an exclusive tie up with Italian company that is Artsana Group to 
manufacture kids’ oral care products in India for their brand name Chicco. As of now the 
company has commenced production and supply of toothpaste across the country and 
soon will start with toothbrushes as well. Artsana has served in over 120 countries. The 
United States market is second after Italy in terms of sales, and in India Chicco is amongst 
leading brands in kids’ oral healthcare with leadership position in Europe. Our focus is on 
further expanding geographical footprint to Southern and Central parts of the country 
possibly through M&A. This would enable us to expand our share of products with our 
existing clients as well. We want to expand our portfolio to soap bars, personal care 
products etc. We are focusing on adding new clients and not only rely on existing clients 
for business. This helps us to expand and reach newer geographies as planned. I am happy 
to share that this quarter we also added new clients in toothbrush category like My 
Recharge, Hindocare, CSD, Med Plus apart from Chicco. Now, turning to our financial 
performance, Ashish our CFO will take us through the numbers. Thank you very much. 
Ashish Goel:  
Thank you, Paramveer. Good evening everyone. Now I'd like to take you through the 
financial performance of the company for the second quarter ending 30th September 
2022. We have reported Rs 24.05 crores in revenues during quarter two of financial year 
2023 as against Rs. 24.64 crores in quarter two of the corresponding quarter in previous 
financial year. There has been a margin year-on-year decline of approximately 2%. This 
decrease is on account of drop in revenues from our major revenue contributor which is 
toothpaste segment. However with the addition of new customers for our toothpaste 
business we expect the volumes and value to increase going forward. This was however 
also offset by good growth and significant tractions in the toothbrush business and retail 
business. We have reported an EBITDA loss of Rs. 2.49 crores. This can largely be 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
contributed to the decline in the revenue of the manufacturing business. The PAT for the 
quarter two financial year 2023 stood at a loss of Rs.  41 lakh. As of half yearly 
performance as on 30th September 2022 we reported Rs. 45.36 crores in revenues during 
the first half of financial year 2023 as against Rs. 46.22 crores in the corresponding period 
previous year. This decrease in revenues is again mainly on account of decline in the third 
party business of toothpaste category which has largely been offset with the increase in 
revenue from retail business. Our EBITDA for the period stood at a loss of Rs.  4.41 crores 
largely due to the decline in the revenues, our PAT during the first half of the  year stood 
at a loss of Rs. 4.57 crores as against a profit of Rs. 18 lakh in the first half of the previous 
financial year. The absence of exports and lower than optimum capacity utilization 
continued to impact profitability but as our CEO mentioned that we are working towards 
to increase our share in the export market as well. So, that will be all from our side. We 
can now take questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Aniket Redkar an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Can you give the revenue split product wise and the segment wise for this quarter and 
the half year? 
Ashish Goel:  
As on the half year ended 30th September 22, from a segment wise perspective, we have 
done a revenue of 83% from the manufacturing business and approximately 4% is from 
our own proprietary brand business and another 12-13% is on the retail side. Of the 
manufacturing business, 30% is being contributed through the toothbrush segment and 
another 50% is being contributed to the toothpaste segment largely and remaining is 
contributed by mouthwash and the other allied oral care products. 
Aniket Redkar:  
What are the margins we expecting from these new products like talcum powder, creams 
and all? 
Ashish Goel:  
As far as the semi-liquid category is considered, referring to creams and lotions, we are 
looking at a contribution margin an upwards of 20-25% and as far as the talcum category 
is considered, we are looking at a margin an upwards of 15-20%. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Can you give EBITDA margin for the same toothbrush, toothpaste and mouthwash? 
Ashish Goel:  
As I mentioned, I can help you with the overall contribution margin category wise. For 
toothbrush it will be in the range of 25-35%, whereas in the case of toothpaste it will 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
range from 10-25% depending on the client volumes and business. As far as the 
Mouthwash category is considered, it is in the range of 35-45%. 
Aniket Redkar:  
As far as the export market is concerned, what is the export contribution for this quarter 
and a half year and how do we plan to grow in the export market? 
Ashish Goel:  
As far as the export contribution stands as on the first half of this financial year, it is 
somewhere around 1%. However, the company is already in advanced stages of 
discussion with various leads from US and UK markets and is in the process of getting the 
necessary certifications in place and we expect that by Q4 of this financial year we should 
all have that in place and the export numbers will again increase thereafter and we are 
looking at it as an overall sale contribution of somewhere around in the range of 15-20% 
from export business from next financial year onwards. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Can you give a brief on the Aquawhite brand which we have and what kind of steps we 
are taking in to shape up our own brand and what are the recent developments 
happening in this Aquawhite. 
Ashish Goel:  
So, as far as Aquawhite business is considered, we are going pretty cautiously there in 
terms of which segment we need to focus and target in order to increase our market 
share. We have been largely now focusing on the institutional business and the online 
business. As a recent development, we also got ourselves the product got registered in 
the CSD canteens, which are the army canteens and that is something which has also 
given significant tractions for the Aquawhite business as an overall portfolio. We'll 
continue to remain cautious in terms of which segment are we getting onto and will focus 
on the institutional business largely as far as our own proprietary brand is considered. 
Aniket Redkar:  
So, do we have any new products in the pipeline? 
Ashish Goel:  
As far as the Aquawhite category is considered, there are continuous innovations in terms 
of product category and SKUs that are coming up well within the oral care portfolio only. 
But as a company on the manufacturing front as mentioned, we are soon going to 
commercialize talcum powder also as a new category. 
Aniket Redkar:  
I just wanted to understand more about the financial part that our EBITDA has declined. 
Is this just because of the revenue and the higher operating expenses? 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
Ashish Goel:  
Per se largely because of the decline in the revenues, I would say because as far as the 
operating expenses which have been reflecting in the consolidated numbers those are 
largely on account of the retail business but as such it is largely the lower capacity 
utilization which can be attributed for the purpose of decline in the EBITDA margin. 
Aniket Redkar:  
And how do you see in terms of revenue for the next coming quarter in terms of growth? 
Ashish Goel:  
We are very excited and prepared to take up new clients, new business, and new 
categories also and we are looking forward to recovering the sale loss which has 
happened during the previous financial year and coupled with a double-digit growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Mittal, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Jay Mittal:  
Good afternoon sir, congratulations the tie-up with Artsana group, I believe Chicco is a 
well-known kid’s brand. If you could just shed some more light on the nature of your 
agreement, it mentions in your presentation that it's an exclusive tie up so would we be 
the only manufacturers for Chicco brand in India or how would that work sir? 
Ashish Goel:  
Good evening, Mr. Jay. As you rightly mentioned and observed that we have been 
successful in localizing the supply solutions for the oral care category and not just for the 
toothbrushes, but even for toothpaste also we are probably the exclusive supplier of 
these products to Chicco and going forward we are looking at that apart from meeting 
their domestic demands we are also looking forward to be their global suppliers to other 
geographies as well. 
Jay Mittal:  
So, we would be the only manufacturers for Chicco?  
Ashish Goel:  
For now, yes. 
Jay Mittal:  
So, any sort of guidance or expectations, what kind of revenues we can expect from this 
brand maybe this year or the next year? 
Ashish Goel:  
As our MD and the whole team has been focusing that we will anyways not want to be 
dependent on any single client but in terms of the revenue share, we are looking at an 
upwards of 5% as the overall contribution from this year which will again with the growth 
can go up to 10% in the coming years. 
Jay Mittal:  
Would it benefit our EBITDA margins or would that be around the same level as the 
current levels? 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
Ashish Goel:  
Yes, this new clients as we are adding to our portfolio which they are better off in terms 
of the EBITDA margin considering the size and scale of business that they are currently 
having. We are obviously having better margins here as far as this client in category is 
considered. 
Jay Mittal:  
Also wanted to ask you mentioned that for the new Talcum Powder facility we've received 
statutory approvals and everything. What kind of timelines would we be looking at in 
terms of when production would begin and the revenues from that particular facility 
would start coming up? 
Ashish Goel:  
Apart from these statutory approvals, there's an approval on the product validation which 
is currently in the process and we are looking forward that in Q4 of this financial year we 
should start doing the commercial operations and the numbers shall start reflecting. 
Jay Mittal:  
Any other products like you mentioned that the new products that are in pipeline. Is there 
any time scale in terms of any new product up for launch this year? 
Ashish Goel:  
I would say from a product and client perspective also, there have been tie ups which 
have been established in the first half of this year which are currently under the process 
of getting commercialized and we shall soon see new clients in the oral care category also. 
As far as new clients altogether in the new product category as well which includes talcum 
and we as company are also looking forward for some brown field expansion for which it 
is in advance stage of discussion with two leads currently and we are hoping that by the 
end of this financial year we should be closing down on either of them or maybe both of 
them and that would be another portfolio that would be added to the company's equity. 
Jay Mittal:  
Mentioned in your presentation that volume is reduced because of a particular customer. 
Would that be one-off case or can we sort of not expect volumes from that particular 
customer going forward? 
Ashish Goel:  
I would rather say from a category perspective this is the case and per se this is also been 
impacted in case of MLM companies after the pandemic their business in particular been 
impacted largely but the company at the same time is constantly working to mitigate that 
volume loss and value loss by adding new clients like Artsana which are in the specialized 
category which can support the volume as well as the bottom-line as well. 
Jay Mittal:  
It mentions also that some new customers have been added for the toothpaste business. 
So, volumes would look upwards in the remaining two quarters of this financial year. 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
Ashish Goel:  
Even as soon as the recovery of these MLM companies happens, which obviously as brand 
owners they are constantly striving to the business is still with the company and that shall 
be added further to our books. 
Jay Mittal:  
Just last couple of questions; for the brown field that you mentioned do we has any CAPEX 
budget or anything like that in mind? 
Ashish Goel:  
Yes, we are well covered as far as the brown field, the current two companies that we are 
talking to; we have covered for that in terms of whatever is the CAPEX that would be 
required to undertake that. And if there is any additional CAPEX that would be required, 
company shall be opting its options in terms of the requirements. But, as soon as those 
transactions get materialized then it will be the right stage to call out for the requirement. 
Jay Mittal:  
Just one last question, do we have a R&D budget in terms of percent of revenue or 
something like that sir? 
Ashish Goel:  
It varies because as we are dealing largely with these established clients who have their 
own preset formulations as well as the product ideas designs. So, we were principally 
following that there is a little lesser contribution there. But, as far as these new age clients 
like whether it's Chicco or maybe another company's regional MLMs are considered, that 
is where the company is constantly striving to add new product USPs to its portfolio so as 
to bring them on board. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshita Patel, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshita Patel: 
 My question is regarding finance costs. Our finance cost has decreased by 30% despite 
increasing long-term borrowing. Why is it so? Can you please explain? 
Ashish Goel:  
Good evening Ms. Harshita, as far as the finance cost is considered since the company is 
largely debt-free so, that finance cost which has been reflecting has been reflected on 
account of certain vehicle loans of which few have been repaid in full during the relevant 
period. That has been the prime reason for the reduction in the financial expenditure. 
Harshita Patel: 
So, how do we see the next three years spanning out in the terms of top-line and bottom-
line? 
Ashish Goel:  
We're really looking forward in terms of great numbers in terms of whether it be the 
addition of new clients, new product categories along with certain brown field expansion 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
and a couple of more additional projects that are coming up. If I have to put it across, we 
are looking at a double-digit CAGR over the next 3-5 years. As far as profitability is 
considered, we are just currently operating in half year at a breakeven level and we are 
expecting significant improvement in the EBITDA margins in upwards of 12-13% with the 
addition of these new clients and new SKUs. In comparison to the previous financial year, 
in the current financial year itself, we are looking at almost 150-200% recovery in terms 
of profitability. 
Harshita Patel: 
So, any other new mergers and acquisitions we can expect? 
Ashish Goel:  
Yes, as I mentioned that there are currently two proposed transactions which are 
currently at the advanced stages. The companies are exchanging information on the same 
front for the purpose of diligence and we hope that by Q4 we should be in a position to 
materialize either or both of them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Aniket Redkar an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniket Redkar: 
I just wanted to know about the R&D budget. What is the R&D budget? 
Ashish Goel:  
Mr. Aniket, as I mentioned that particularly in the case of third-party manufacturing which 
is largely the business portion of the company, the product designs and the product 
formulation specifications are being provided by the clients itself. What company at its 
own end is continuously striving in terms of R&D is to cater to the regional and the new 
age customers that are coming into this oral care category. So, from that perspective we 
have an in-house team which takes care of the entire R&D. From a budget perspective we 
are looking at somewhere between 0.5-1% of our overall business in terms of developing 
all those new SKUs. 
Aniket Redkar: 
As far as expansion plan is concerned, what are all plans in terms of the marketing 
basically? 
Ashish Goel:  
Since we are largely third-party manufacturing, so our marketing is more towards B2B 
wherein to get new clients and new business which we are continuously working on and 
ultimately it's the brand owners which really generates the demand for the end users 
from the end users for the product. So, from a B2B business perspective we are adding 
more key account managers to our team to handle the export markets as well as domestic 
markets independently. 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
Aniket Redkar: 
Are they planning to expand the business development and marketing team basically? 
Ashish Goel:  
Yes. 
Aniket Redkar: 
What would be the budget for the same? 
Ashish Goel:  
From a budget perspective, we would need another two key account managers at a senior 
position which would be handling the different geographies and the new categories also. 
Aniket Redkar: 
I have one last question. There is an increase in the current investment from March 2022 
to September 2022 from Rs. 2 crores to Rs. 10 crores. I just wanted to understand it. 
Ashish Goel:  
Basically, these are the funds which have been realized from our debtors and currently 
these will become as a supporting infrastructure for the purpose of all those M&A deals 
and the CAPEX plans. So, this is largely the liquid funds which are available with the 
company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nayan Gala from Etica Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Nayan Gala:  
I have recently started to track your company and I was just going through your 
presentation. I see in terms of your geographical breakup, in terms of revenue, in FY21 
we were exporting around 5% which in FY22 it has come down to nearly zero. Going 
ahead, if you can help us understand, what is the plan in terms of which geographies do 
you plan to focus? 
Ashish Goel:  
Good evening, Mr. Nayan. As you rightly mentioned, there has been a significant decline 
in terms of the export markets but the company is now going post-COVID is going pretty 
cautious in terms of selecting the category and the clients as far as the export market is 
considered and now is focusing on the US and the UK markets for which currently we are 
in the process of getting relevant certifications which are required for the purpose of 
exporting of oral care categories. We expect that by Q4 all those certification shall be in 
place. Going forward from next financial year onwards, we are looking at an upwards of 
5-10% contribution from the export business per se in the overall business. 
Nayan Gala:  
A majority of will be European and American markets that you are focusing currently? 
Ashish Goel:  
Yes. 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
Nayan Gala:  
What is the opportunity in terms of the export market if you can elaborate on that part 
as well? 
Ashish Goel:  
Post-COVID, everybody is looking towards India as the next global manufacturing hub and 
that is what we want to really tap on and convert this opportunity into real business. So 
we're really excited about it and apart from US and UK markets, we are also working to 
get into the African markets also directly which were earlier being supplied through the 
UAE and maybe the Afghan nations. We are looking to enter that market directly as well. 
Nayan Gala:  
I can say around 10-15% of the overall revenue that we are targeting over a period of next 
2-3 years. Is it correct? 
Ashish Goel:  
Yes, coupled with the growth in the domestic business as well. 
Nayan Gala:  
I was just asking about the export business. 
Ashish Goel:  
Yes, we're looking at that kind of a contribution from export markets going forward. 
Nayan Gala:  
Do we have any plans to incorporate our own brand and sell under our own brand or we 
are focusing on… 
Ashish Goel:  
We already have our own brand by the name of Aquawhite which is largely catering to 
the kids oral care category and we will continue to focus on that through the institutional 
and the online channel. 
Nayan Gala:  
In the adult category, do we have plans in the near future? 
Ashish Goel:  
We also have adult category along with the kids’ category, but as a USP we are focusing 
on the kids’ category because that's where we add value rather than being just a me-too 
grant. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Jay Mittal an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Jay Mittal:  
I just wanted to; if you could shed some light in detail about this recent demerger and 
amalgamation notification about JHS Svendgaard Retail Ventures Limited and JHS 
Svendgaard Brands Limited, what is the intent is and what to expect? 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
Ashish Goel:  
Sure. So, as far as these three entities are concerned, for which also the segment 
reporting is being done. So, whereas JHS Svendgaard Brands Limited as an entity is 
particularly dealing with the proprietary brand of the company which is Aquawhite into 
the Oral Care category. Under the composite scheme which you just referred to, we are 
merging JHS Svendgaard Brands Limited in the parent business of JHS Svendgaard 
Laboratories Limited itself since we are any which way the segment in terms of the 
customers and are very focused on institutional business. But, in order to reduce the 
administrative expenditure and bring in the synergies from a product innovation 
perspective, these two entities are getting merged. As far as the JHS Svendgaard Retail 
Ventures Limited is considered, that entity is getting demerged and separately listed. 
Since that business is totally different from oral care as well as manufacturing that’s 
purely a retail business wherein we are having retail outlets at different airports across 
the country. Also we provide manpower solutions there to various PSUs. From a risk 
profile perspective, risk and return profile perspective that business is completely 
independent. That is where the company is getting that entity as separately listed and 
while merging the branded business with the parent entity. 
Jay Mittal:  
Lastly, over the next 3-5 years sort of taking a medium-term to longer-term view, if you 
could give some general guidance about where we can expect growth to be coming from 
in terms of brand or in terms of product category and in terms of geography, if you could 
just give some details in that. 
Ashish Goel:  
Since anyway, there are limited places and there are new age customer brands which are 
coming in the oral care category. So, apart from the organic growth well within the oral 
care category in order to have additional growth as a company, we are looking for which 
we are already working and as our MD and promoter have also been mentioning that we 
are diversifying ourselves into the new product categories also as well as we are 
increasing our footprints in terms of manufacturing facilities across the country which will 
be happening by way of Greenfield projects as well as brown field expansion. And exports 
as we just discussed before this is anyway a focus area because as far as the India market 
is considered the top 6 customers or top 6 brand owners, we are there with most of them 
and in order to get more business within the oral care category, it is the export market 
now which the company shall focus and get the volumes from. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Nayan Gala from Etica Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
Nayan Gala:  
I just wanted to understand in terms of the working capital requirements in our business 
and the working capital days in our business. 
Ashish Goel:  
As far as working capital in terms of number of days that is required in case of the 
manufacturing business considering the overall mix of the categories as well as the client 
and their terms, is effectively anywhere between 45-50 days which is the requirement in 
terms of the working capital. 
Nayan Gala:  
Do we plan to even improve it from these levels or this is the best industry standards? 
Ashish Goel:  
No, this will further improve and this has anyways reduced over the past three years and 
this will further improve with the addition of new product categories as well as the new 
client base.  
Nayan Gala:  
We plan to focus on the export market as well very near 10-15% is what we are targeting. 
How is the working capital gearing up in that way going forward? 
Ashish Goel:  
As far as the export business is concerned with the new clients, we will be probably be 
working on a very aggressive payment cycle so we are not really looking forward a 
substantial increase in our working capital exposure on that front. Probably something 
which is currently reflecting would be the similar levels that the maximum exposure 
would be in case of these new clients. 
Nayan Gala:  
What are your ROCE plans for the end of the financial year and maybe 2-3 years down the 
line? 
Ashish Goel:  
The plan is obviously to further improvise and increase it and bring it to a higher or maybe 
something to a double-digit number. But, we're expecting that to happen over the next 
two years when this new businesses from new clients, exports as well as the new category 
will start reflecting. 
Nayan Gala:  
Will it be in the range of 18-20% or around 15%? 
Ashish Goel:  
Maybe somewhere in the lower double-digit numbers we can say. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Paramveer Singh 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Earnings Conference Call Q2 FY2023 • www.svendgaard.com                                                                         
 
Paramveer Singh: 
Pertaining to the closing remarks of Q&A, I thank the entire team of JHS Svendgaard 
Laboratories Limited for their untiring effort, hard work and dedication which drives the 
company forward in various market conditions. Also, I appreciate all of you for 
participating in our conference call. Please do get in touch with our Adfactors – Investor 
Relations Team for any further questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of JHS Svendgaard Laboratories Limited that 
concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
