 
 
 
 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532531 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limit
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip code: STAR 
Dear Madam/ Sirs, 
 
Sub:    Earnings Call transcript pertaining to Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
and half-year ended September 30, 2022 
 
Ref: 
1) Earning Call held on November 14, 2022 pertaining to Unaudited Financial   
    Results for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 
2) Earnings Call audio shared on November 16, 2022. 
 
With reference to the above, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the Earnings Call held 
on November 14, 2022. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.strides.com/investor-annualreport.html  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanks & Regards, 
 
For Strides Pharma Science Limited, 
 
 
 
Manjula R 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
MANJULA 
RAMAMU
RTHY
Digitally signed 
by MANJULA 
RAMAMURTHY 
Date: 2022.11.22 
10:51:05 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Strides Pharma Science Limited  
Q2 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
1. MR. ARUN KUMAR  
– FOUNDER, EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON &          
      MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
2. MR. BADREE KOMANDUR  
–   EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - FINANCE & GROUP CFO 
 
 
ANALYST:       
 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Strides Pharma Science Limited Q2 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the 
conference to Mr. Abhishek. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
A very good evening and thank you for joining us today for Strides Earnings Call for the second 
quarter and half year ended financial year 2023. Today we have with us, Arun - Founder, 
Executive Chairperson and Managing Director; Badree - Executive Director of Finance and 
Group CFO, to share the highlights of the business and financials for the quarter. I hope you 
have gone through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation, which have been 
uploaded on our website as well as stock exchange website. The transcript of this call will be 
available in a week's time on our company's website. 
Please note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and must be viewed in 
relation to risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
I will now hand over the call to Arun to make his opening comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you, Abhishek, and good evening to everybody. First of all, apologies for the slight delay 
in the start of this call, it looks like there were too many investor presentations today, so 
appreciate the patience. 
Overall, it has been a significant improvement from where we were a couple of quarters as far 
as Strides is concerned, and I am very delighted to report after 4 or 5 quarters where the business 
has returned to positive-adjusted PAT. With clear focus on gross margin expansions, cost 
containment, and also exiting several business lines that do not make operating  sense either that 
doesn't focus on growth, profits or on cash flows. All of this has led to a healthy margin return 
for the company. 
We are happy that we are heading towards historic highs of gross margins closer to the 60%, 
and we are in line to meet all our previously committed outcomes in terms of our US business, 
considering that we have reported our best-ever quarter since inception or since inception of our 
US business. This has obviously led to margin expansions. We have been very focused on exiting 
lines of commodities that do not make any sense for us long term over the price pressures. We 
have also improved market shares of our existing niche portfolio, getting back to market shares 
that we lost over the last several quarters and we have significantly improved our supply chain 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
situations consequently, our freight and logistics costs have dropped dramatically, considering 
that we have now bought our supplies back to normalcy. 
With this and significant new wins, we are very confident of achieving an exit run rate of $250 
odd million with regards to our US business. We are also very confident of now meeting our 
EBITDA to debt ratio to be under 3. We were hoping that we would announce the receipt of our 
consideration that is due from Arrotex. I just wanted to give some context here. The money is 
due by 31st of December. We worked hard with the Arrow Australia management to see if we 
could bring this forward and of course, this involved cross-border partnership because Arrotex 
is also owned by Apotex and those of you who know, Apotex is preoccupied these days with the 
sale of its business to SK Capital, which was announced a couple of weeks ago. We are now 
very confident that all the necessary paperwork and Board resolutions at the Arrotex side is very 
close to completing and therefore, we are now very sure of receiving our consideration ahead of 
our contractual due date. 
We hope to give the investors an update very shortly. I hope it is not going to take too long, but 
again, I can reassure the investors that there are no contingencies surrounding this payment and 
we are, there are 2 parts to it. The first part, which is the $94 odd million will arrive towards pre-
contractual dates and then the $12 million, which is subject to certain other conditions. We are 
working on that, but again, no risk to either and we will keep you all posted. 
Coming to business and specifics, the US business, as I explained, has now hit a $60 million run 
rate. We do benefit due to some seasonality, so we will see some improved uptake in the 
following quarters, but having said that, significant market share on existing products and new 
product launches and the integration of the Chestnut Ridge portfolio is helping us add to our 
revenues and margins. 
And in the other reg markets, you would see this quarter an unusual dip in revenues, and this is 
a oneoff situation because we have taken several decisions in our other regulated markets to 
move away from B2C to B2B, especially markets like Germany and other markets. So, you will 
see this more an accounting flip for the quarter. I can also guide the market that as early as Q3, 
as in this quarter, we will get back to our historical numbers as far as our other reg markets. So, 
that Rs. 60 crores to Rs. 70 crores reduction in revenues, the Rs. 600 million reduction in 
revenues is a oneoff and you will see an improved climb back of revenues, but also an improved 
gross margin from that business. 
So, our focus of staying invested in P&Ls that are accretive. The EPS is playing through. In the 
last 6 odd months, we have improved our network optimization and under recovery significantly. 
Our OPEX has reduced. We now have $25million  to $30 million OPEX reduction completed. 
We have seen most of it in terms of the costs incurred, announced including the last big one in 
the US, where we have to follow in local regulations, issued very recently a warn notice to reduce 
headcount in the US, and that will lead to a further reduction of $11 million and end the year 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
with $25 million reduction in costs across the P&L, which is a great outcome considering that 
we have achieved a lot of this at short notice. And given our guidance on debt to EBITDA, we 
also have a little more granularity on our debt book and Badree will spend some time explaining 
that. I just wanted to add some color around it. 
Strides currently has a very significant inventory pickup, especially for the US and UK 
operations, as business comes back to normalcy. So, we also had very significant inventories 
due to our depressed sales during COVID. So, as we are building the business, we are also 
reducing our inventory levels which will lead to improved cash flows in H2. We are very 
confident of meeting our guided debt reduction of Rs. 1,000 crores, most of it as you will 
appreciate, occurs in H2 as we had previously informed. 
You would see a slight elevation in our debt book of around Rs. 200 crores, which is 
predominantly because of an exchange rate reset. So, while we have grown the business with 
improved outcomes, we haven't increased our debt, but also very important on the debt book is 
that our long-term debt is very small compared to businesses of our size, more of our debt is 
associated to the long working capital cycle terms that are required to operate in the US, which 
is over 200 days as an industry norm. We still believe that we have a slightly elevated working 
capital usage today, but as we normalize in H2, we will see this also coming down and we are 
very confident of bringing down our net to EBITDA down to 3 based on a very strong order 
book in H2. 
The business obviously is muted is the Institutional Business. For those of you who follow this 
business, this business is typically contracted for 2 or 3 years at a time. The large global fund 
contracts at the last award has been completed in H1, so we had a very strong H1 with a weaker 
Q2, a very strong Q1, as you would notice, that the new contracts are not yet awarded to any 
companies, and we don't expect this to fall in place until Q4. So, the institutional business will 
see a significant softness, but the rest of the business will make up for that. As we all know that 
it helps us in recovery of our manufacturing cost, but it doesn't add too much to our gross 
margins, so it is not unfavorable, but I just wanted to guide that the Institutional Business will 
be soft, although it will not be material in terms of EPS accretion. 
As regards to the other parts of the business, of course, we can take questions and I have covered 
a little bit as Badree pointing out to me that I have covered a lot in terms of also on the debt page 
and considering that we started a little late, I think we should open up the house for questions 
and if we aren't able to address all the questions, please don't hesitate to contact us at any time, 
and we will be more than happy to explain. 
But before I do that, I just wanted to give a little more color around Stelis. So, firstly, as far as 
Stelis is concerned, we continue to engage before we get into any arbitration or litigation with 
our partners in Russia to see how we can find solutions around the stock of Sputnik that we still 
hold, but having said that, promoters have committed to infuse along with our lead partners, 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
TPG, an additional Rs. 500 crores into Stelis to ensure that we meet all our obligations. 
Consequently, between Strides and Stelis, between Rs. 1,300 crores to Rs. 1,500 crores of debt 
will be reduced in the group. 
And while you will also see that the CDMO business numbers reported are not so strong, that is 
because we have a revenue recognition model which is purely based on work done, but we 
continue to add customers. We continue to get advances. Onboarding customers take time in this 
business. From an award to an actual contract, I think it can go as long as 8 to 9 months, but we 
are very encouraged with the prospects and the new customers that we are onboarding. We have 
had 3 significant regulatory inspections, including 2 from the FDA and 1 from the European 
authorities. We have already completed and received the EIR for the first FDA audit and we are 
already EU-approved, but most pleasing, of course, is to announce that on Friday, we received 
our first in-house development of our first biologic product for the European market. 
A lot of our 20-odd contracts that we have signed for recombinant PTH across the world was 
based on our EU approval. This is a niche product. It is not a massive product, but this is an 
important product with 60% plus EBITDA business, which we think, post the approval 
recommendation, the national registrations across countries will take in the next 5 to 6 months. 
So, starting from H2, we can see some good uptake in those numbers. Other programs continue, 
but as we said, we are not investing in any new products and Stelis will end up becoming a pure-
play CDMO business where we have already invested $250 million. 
We explained that we would breakeven only in the next 18 odd months. Our focus now in Stelis 
is to reduce our operating losses, improve the debt book and acquire more and more customers. 
We are on track to achieve all of that and of course, we hope that in the next quarter and during 
the course of this quarter, we find a solution either way for Sputnik. It is a take-or-pay contract, 
so there are obligations around it. We will do everything that is required to protect those rights 
and benefits that we are supposed to have on that contract. Of course, the geopolitical situation 
doesn't help the process, but having said that, we will continue to find solutions and our strategic 
process of finding a strategic partner for us to support the growth of Stelis is ongoing. It is very 
early to tell you how that process is going in terms of timing, but I think for the next quarter 
update, we will have better color on solutions on Stelis. 
We think we have all the solutions to meet all our debt obligations without any recourse to 
Strides, which is very important for us as a company, but at the same time, we are doing 
everything now to focus, to ensure our biopharmaceutical CDMO business, turns around quickly 
and rapidly, like we have done in the case of Strides. 
So, that is another overview on Stelis and with that, I will be happy to answer any questions that 
you all may have. 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. We 
take the first question from the line of Mr. Vinay Bafna from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Vinay Bafna: 
Congratulations on the set of results. Just a few questions, firstly, on the US side, so you 
explained how the end portfolio has started contributing and the run rate which you are hitting 
50 million to sustain for the next couple of quarters. On the presentation, what I understood is 
that roughly about 65 products of the portfolio have been launched and over 20 products are 
pending approval and I think we have roughly about 260 which are approved, so out of the 
pending basket, could you just explain what the kind of products which you believe are 
sustainable in terms of viable, in terms of financial aspects? And probably which you might not 
launch if you could give some qualitative aspect to it? That will be helpful. 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, sure. So, Vinay, what we have effectively done as part of our strategic overview and 
turnaround strategy of the company is to go back what we do well, which is to do products which 
have got some level of difficulty, very few players, small molecules, and we effectively exited 
all the commodity products. So, we don't do any large volume products where we are not fully 
integrated or we have control on integration. Out of the 200 plus products that are still not being 
launched, but approved, there's a lot of work that is happening, while some of these products, 
especially from Endo portfolio are old, we are reworking them for robustness to ensure that we 
get the right quality to source change because these are older files. We believe that an additional 
80 to 100 products in the unlaunched or the relaunched products will meet that criteria of gross 
margin and EBITDA that the company is known for pre-COVID, which is gross margin is about 
60% and the EBITDA in the 22% to 23% range. So, that is what we are looking at. So, we have 
products for the next 3 years in hand and therefore, you will see that our spend in R&D is more 
towards portfolio maximization to other territories and other regions as we build out new regions 
in the APAC region or Latin America, where we shied away and also building the emerging 
market play using US and India portfolio. So, we now have over 300 products with BE studies, 
but some work has to be done to ensure that they are competitive, they are robust, and we also 
need to find the right manufacturing house or network, so that we are competitive for the market 
that we operate. So, I think about 20 launches per year would be ideal, including new product 
launches, but products that would qualify to answer your question specifically would be at least 
80 to 100 products. 
Vinay Bafna: 
And the reason why I actually asked this question is because a lot of your peers have been talking 
about price erosion being stubbornly high and this year keen on launching or relaunching old 
products, are these products have become financially viable again because of our vertical 
integration or is it because you think that the situation of the environment is improving? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, if you look at the small and niche products, the average sales for Strides were only about $3 
million to $5 million per product. That is the range that we do. During COVID, while everybody 
had their own challenges, we are now seeing lesser players in this subgroup of opportunity 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
because either some of them have exited or it doesn't make any sense for most of them. Now, 
we don't see price erosion on those group of products because we may be the only player standing 
or we may be 1 of the 2 players standing in these products. So, we moved away from very big 
businesses, volumes that we did. We actually took off almost $25 million to $30 million of 
products that we are not adding up to this model and we introduced new products. So, as we are 
showing a nice uptake in business, we are not adjusting for any of the businesses we let go. So, 
mainly some of the existing players, older players have exited these markets either part of their 
discontinuation strategy because maintaining ANDAs are expensive. That has benefited us. So, 
I think we have some nice runways going forward. There are some very good products that are 
due for approvals also. So, all of this will continue momentum in gross margin, but what is very 
important is that with the mutual recognition process that is happening worldwide, we are taking 
our US portfolio to a lot of other markets and getting products approved quicker. So, that is 
where you will see growth also coming up because obviously we don't believe our portfolio can 
get to more than the $400 million to $500 million range that we have guided from the beginning. 
We had a slip during COVID, but we are bouncing back and getting back to that range in the 
near term. 
Vinay Bafna: 
And last question for my side, so with about run way of 60 plus launches in the next 3 odd years, 
do we expect this quarterly run rate, $60 million to be the new base, and then gradually ramp up 
from these levels? And where do you envisage the public quarterly or an annual number that you 
could target 3-5 years down the line? And the second is that since you already know the kind of 
launches which you are going to do, what will be the filing rates with Strides would do in the 
US business from now on? 
Arun Kumar: 
I think 60 could be the new base, gradual ramp-up from there because we will still take a few 
products in the 60 that do not meet our profit criteria. Our goal is to get out this financial year at 
a 60% GM run rate, which is a historical run rate. That is our goal. We are 57% this quarter. We 
are actually quite pleased with that, so $60 million run rate should be the new place holder. Your 
second question was a little confusing for me. So, you were saying that if we have 60 products, 
what it will look like? Well, I told you the average revenue per product is in the $3 million to $5 
million range, but we also have products that will take off. So, that kind of, basically, what I was 
trying to tell you is that going back to the $400 million guided number for the US, we should 
have had achieved that now and then COVID hit us. So, we are now back on track towards that 
journey. We probably have to give us a couple of years considering that we will build out this 
portfolio slowly and steadily, and we will not be in any urgency to grow the US business at a 
pace that we won't be able to manage and retain our profit strategy. 
Vinay Bafna: 
And just last bit on the filing rates, so how many ANDAs do you intend to file every year? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, actually, we don't plan to file too many ANDAs because we don't need to. For us, relaunching 
products itself is like getting the product back to R&D, right, so if we effectively tell you that 
there are 20 relaunches, trust me that most of these dossiers will go through almost as much 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
work as developing a new product. So, our new filings for the US will be sub-10, because we 
don't need more than that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Samitinjoy Basak from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead sir. 
Samitinjoy Basak: 
So, my question is regarding Institutional Business, so in the first half, we saw total revenues of 
$39 million, so how much of the softness can we expect in the second half of the fiscal? Also 
about the new contracts which we will start contributing from the next year, first quarter, what 
kind of contracts are you talking about? And how much of an incremental contribution could 
they provide? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. So, we have actually, if I may say, we have already completed all our institutional 
obligations in H1 itself. We have 0 order book because the new contracts will be awarded only 
in this quarter, so we do not know what is the extent of awards that we will get. What we have 
done is, earlier this business was extremely important for us, but we have moved a lot of our 
production to our Kenyan operations and all of that because there is a lot of talk about Made in 
Africa, for Africa. So, at this time, I don't have an answer for you because I don't have an order 
book. The tenders have not been awarded as yet. So, we will give you an update on the next call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Rishabh Jain, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Rishabh Jain: 
My question is regarding the other regulated markets, so our other regulated market revenue saw 
a significant decline during the quarter, so historically, we used to do around $40 million at a 
quarterly run rate, so by when do we expect to get back to those levels? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. So, I did tell you this in my opening statements. You probably would have missed it, 
Rishabh, but I will tell it for your benefit again. In our other reg markets, we made certain 
changes from moving from a B2C model to B2B model, especially in Germany. Consequently, 
we had a temporary drop for this quarter. I also mentioned that we will get back to a $40 million 
run rate as early as the current quarter in that vicinity. So, it is just a one-off quarter event. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta, Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, I wanted some update on your balance sheet and financial cost, so I think the kind of net 
debt number, while the EBITDA is growing, but the overall absolute net debt number that we 
were chasing maybe a couple of quarters back has sort of gone up much higher along with the 
working capital, etc., so just wanted some color on that, because financial cost has also 
significantly increased in the recent quarters? And the second thing that I wanted to understand 
is there are sort of obligation that Strides has on its head because of Stelis, so what kind of 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
corporate guarantees and obligations have we given? And in the existing funding round, as well 
as the new round of funds that we are trying to raise for Stelis, will that obligation go away? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. I will answer the Stelis part and then Badree will answer your earlier question on debt. As 
far as Strides obligations, Strides is an equity partner in Stelis. It used to own 100% of Stelis, 
and as we were requiring more and more capital, we obviously got newer investors. Strides has 
Rs. 700 crores of corporate guarantees issued on behalf of Stelis. Stelis had, in the beginning of 
the year, including the Sputnik exposures, had a total exposure of around almost Rs. 1,100 
crores. That will come down to under Rs. 600 crores in this financial year before March. And 
Strides has got corporate guarantees issued for Rs. 650crores and at no time, their has been  any 
delays to pay those debt obligations. If the strategic process that we have currently ongoing 
concludes favorably, , then there will be no debt at the Stelis level. Consequently, there will be 
no obligations for Strides. Now even if there are these corporate guarantees, including the Stelis 
obligations in the next financial year, in FY24, we still believe that as a group, between Strides 
and Stelis, we will still be under 3x given the strong uptake of business in Strides, but also in 
Stelis breaking even next year from its own operations and it is in a strong position to meet this 
obligation. So, the Strides corporate guarantees were issued over the last 5 to 6 years and none 
of it has been called and we don't see any reason why there would be any challenges to meet 
those obligations. Stelis' shareholders are committed to ensure that it meets all these obligations 
on time, and we don't see any risk to Strides at all. Considering that, like I said, promoters and 
TPG Capital are just infusing Rs. 500 crores into Stelis to meet all those obligations, of which 
already Rs. 300 crores has been infused. And then I will let Badree answer the question related 
to your debt book. 
Badree: 
So, on the interest cost, it stands at INR 466 million, a similar number like last quarter on the 
net. When you have taken this interest cost, you take the interest cost as well as interest income 
that is appearing in the SEBI. So, if you really see the net interest cost remains at $466 million 
both quarters. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes, but there is some increase in the total pharma net debt, I think, like maybe? 
Badree: 
Overall, the increase in the net debt is about Rs. 200 crores, Rs. 145 crores contributed by the 
exchange between 1st April to 30th September. 
Arun Kumar: 
It is only a restatement because of the exchange rate fluctuations. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Just once second, so for FY22, we were at Rs. 1,350 crores in terms of what we had shown as a 
net debt figure, and now, we are over Rs. 2,000 crores, so it is Rs. 650 crore plus change, so if 
you can give the breakup of this increase? 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, because in this debt, you are looking at Rs. 1,350 crores number there, it says that Rs. 700 
crores of that is the equity investment in Stelis. So, when you add that back, it is also the same 
numbers. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
I will understand it offline. 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, please do that. We are more than happy to take it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
VP Rajesh: 
Most of my questions are answered, but I just wanted to make sure that I understood Stelis' debt 
repayment plan, so what you're saying is that we expect Rs. 500 crores to come from TPG and 
other investors before the end of the year, which will reduce it from Rs. 1,100 crores to Rs. 600 
crores? And then what is the second leg that you were describing, which is not clear to me, as to 
what will bring it down to 0 next year? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, basically, shareholders of Stelis is in the process of raising another round of capital, which 
is basically to ensure that there is enough growth capital for the reg till it gets into a profitable 
situation, because biopharmaceuticals business is a 7 to 9-year gestation period and with COVID 
been there, we are just about 5 years into that game. So, it is going to take us about 18 more 
months to be cash breakeven in the business. So, we have appointed a global banker to find a 
strategic partner for us for a minority interest, and that process has just commenced and if that 
process concludes successfully and at the right valuation, then Stelis will become debt free as 
part of that process. 
VP Rajesh: 
And you expect that to be done sometime next year, right? Probably before next? 
Arun Kumar: 
By March of ‘23, we should be able to give you an update, a more concrete update. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Rohit Mundra, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Rohit Mundra: 
I have a couple of a few questions. So, there was a press release this morning regarding receipt 
of the market authorization from EMA for Kauliv, so could you please highlight the opportunity 
in terms of the size and how much sales are we targeting from this product? That is my first 
question. Second is, have you onboarded any new customers in our Stelis CDMO business 
during this particular quarter? And the final question is, could you please provide an update on 
AmbiVax? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, PTH is an $800 million opportunity globally. Europe is about $200 odd million. We are only 
the second recombinant player in the market. We have now got the approval, now we have to 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
get national approvals in each of the markets. This process can take up to 5 to 6 months. We are 
a B2B partner here. We don't market these biotech products ourselves. We have over 20 
customers that have been signed up in Europe and other markets, so we have covered for the 
opportunity almost fully and we don't give specific product business opportunities, but all I can 
tell you is that there is a high gross margin, high EBITDA product. We do not give specific 
product-wise sales on this product. We did onboard 3 new customers during the quarter as far as 
the CDMO customers are concerned and you had the third question on AmbiVax. So, AmbiVax, 
we submitted all our clinicals, which we got outstanding readings on our clinicals on AmbiVax. 
As you know, it is a thermostable vaccine. We submitted our data to the government authorities 
here in India. They have, however, because it is no more an emergency, they have asked us to 
do some additional clinical work. We are in discussions with our partners in Boston to work 
through that and create the protocol. The small additional work, which may take 2 to 3 more 
months before we can submit that data that the agencies have requested. So, it is going on track 
and at this stage, considering that there is no particular emergency, there is no haste for data 
seeking also. So, we are seeing increased interest for products which are thermostable because 
COVID hasn't gone anywhere, as we all know, but at this stage, there is more work to be done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ayushi Jain, individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Ayushi Jain: 
I have 2 questions, firstly, on the gross margin, we have seen significant expansion during this 
quarter, so what are the drivers for the same? And are these margins sustainable in the coming 
quarters? And the second question is regarding our fixed costs, which includes employee cost 
and other expenses, we feel that we have been very well controlled it at 420 to 425 quarterly run 
rate, so is there any scope to reduce this further? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, so thanks for your question. There is a little background noise, so we couldn't hear your 
questions well, but I guess, is the gross margin sustainable? The answer is yes. It is driven by 
combination of cost reduction, improved gross margin expansion, reduction in our logistics 
costs. We believe that this 57% is sustainable and we can grow modestly from there. Then on 
OPEX, there is a very significant exercise going on in the company to reduce our OPEX. A lot 
of the actions have been taken, but we have to follow due process in all of this and you will see 
that during the course of the year, we will have reduced our OPEX by at least about Rs. 150 
crores over the current level, but the flow through you will see only next year as there are 
standard practices of serving notice, severance, so we are carrying on those costs as you see it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Piyush Sara from Yellow Jersey. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Piyush Sara: 
Sir, we have delivered double-digit EBITDA margin this quarter after almost 4 to 5 quarters, are 
we confident of getting to our previously indicated 21%, 22% kind of margin by FY24? And if 
yes, like, what would drive this margin expansion? 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Arun Kumar: 
I just think that we have very disciplined approach of how the business is now being administered 
or governed and run. If we follow this for the next 2-3 quarters, yes, the answer to your question 
is yes. We think that we should expand margins even further from 11% even within this year for 
us to, even if you assume our guided debt-to-EBITDA, we need to get this number from Rs. 100 
crores to Rs. 150 crores, which means that we should be more like the 15%, 16%, 17% EBITDA 
even in this financial year. So, we can speak until then and then probably discuss what happens 
to the next financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Vibha from Citeline. Please go ahead. 
Vibha: 
So, this is with regard to Biolexis, under which the Forsteo Biosimilar is expected to be launched. 
So, I just want to know, since you spoke about getting minority shareholders into Stelis, what is 
the logic of separating out the products business under Biolexis? Because does it not make the 
case a bit weaker for a higher valuation that you might be trying to get from the minority 
shareholder and does it step back the date for Stelis' breakeven? 
Arun Kumar: 
No, it doesn't, because you can't be a CDMO and a product company at the same time. It is a 
conflict of interest. 
Vibha: 
So, does it not affect the valuation then? 
Arun Kumar: 
Well, there would be a valuation ascribed to Biolexis, and there is a valuation ascribed to the 
CDMO business. 
Vibha: 
So, then what are the further plans for Biolexis? 
Arun Kumar: 
Like I said, we have appointed a global banker for a strategic review, and all strategic options 
are on the table as part of that process. It is a little too early in the process for us to give you a 
guidance, and like I spoke to another investor earlier in this call, March would be a good time 
for us to give you an update on how that is going. 
Vibha: 
I just have one more question, on the strategy for AmbiVax given that now there are even 
intranasal vaccines which are much easier to administer, even self-administer, so what is going 
to be a strategy for marketing this vaccine? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, AmbiVax, once it gets approval and when it gets approval, is the world's only thermostable 
vaccine and it is designed for frontier markets where cold chain is a challenge and therefore, we 
just believe that in frontier markets like Africa or parts of Latin America, there isn't enough 
dollars for convenience. I mean, dollars for high-end products like nasal inhaler and other stuff. 
So, at this time, we are working with global NGOs, large organizations to partner with us and 
also working with large governments, as they believe that they need to support our kind of cause. 
So, we just see a marginal improvement in the delivery format in what we have and I really can't 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
comment on how well nasal COVID vaccine is going to work or an oral vaccine is going to 
work. I am sure there is a lot of science behind all of that, but we are just not qualified to kind 
of suggest one is better than the other. I believe there is a value investing in program like 
AmbiVax and we are staying invested with that and let us see what comes up with the initial 
clinical data that is required before we take a call on putting more capital around that. 
Vibha: 
My last question is around the Institutional Business, I believe you earlier said that you are 
moving some of the manufacturing to Kenya, so which would these products be? And have you 
identified, would this be a contract manufacturer or just another partner? If you could just throw 
some light on that? 
Arun Kumar: 
Although it is deconsolidated from Strides, the Kenya business is fully managed by us. So, the 
company we own 49% of the company effective this quarter and we continue to manage and 
operate the business. So, we did not consolidate the topline, but we will consolidate the 
economics. 
Vibha: 
So, this would be on facility where you would manufacture these products? And would you be 
able to name some of them, or? 
Arun Kumar: 
It is a regular, for every product that we have approved under the WHO program, if you go to 
the WHO, you will see all our products that are listed for manufacturing either in India or in 
Kenya, but it is just that as we use our capacities for the markets that we are now focusing on, 
we will go more and more production to Kenya on the Institutional Business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Gautam Jain from GCJ Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Gautam Jain: 
I was looking at your US sales, you have done $106 million in first half and you said in the 
presentation, your full year revenue will be $250 million, so I think you are still to do $144 
million in second half, how confident are you to do that? 
Arun Kumar: 
We are saying that we will be at an exit run rate of $240 million to $250 million and absolute, 
we may be $10 million or $15 million less than $250 million, but our gross margins based on 
what we are now delivering will give us the same outcome if we do $235 million or $250 million. 
That is our focus. It is not so much, how much revenues we are going to get, it is how much 
margins we are able to extract out of the new strategies that we are deploying, but we will exit 
at the $250 million run rate. So, which means that we have to do an average of around $65 
million to $67 million, which we don't think is very difficult to manage from where we are today. 
Gautam Jain: 
And you also mentioned in your remarks that your exit net debt to EBITDA would be less than 
3, so can you just throw some more light into it? Because, I mean, is it like you are analyzing 
Q4 EBITDA and then you are comparing with the net debt by end of the year? 

 
Strides Pharma Science Limited 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. That is exactly how it was when we announced the guidance. 
Gautam Jain: 
So, you are assuming that your EBITDA by Q4 should be more than Rs. 150 crores? 
Arun Kumar: 
You are right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you all. Thank you for joining this call and as we said, please feel free to write to us if 
you have any follow-up questions. Thank you and appreciate your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Strides Pharma Science, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
***** 
