 
 
Lr.No.Secy/Reg.30 of LODR/2022                                                  Dt. 21.11.2022 
 
 
 
To 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051. 
 
Scrip Code : NLCINDIA 
To 
The BSE Ltd 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 513683  
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR, the transcript  of the Investors Conference 
Call  held on Monday, November 14, 2022 is enclosed for reference.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
       for NLC India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
 
 
NLC India Limited 
(‘Navratna’ - Government of India Enterprise) 
Registered Office :   No.135, EVR Periyar High Road, Kilpauk, Chennai-600 010. 
Corporate Office : Block-1, Neyveli-607 801, Cuddalore District, Tamil Nadu. 
CIN : L93090TN1956GOI003507, Website: www.nlcindia.in                     
email: investors@nlcindia.in  Phone: 044-28360037 
 
 
Viswanath K
Digitally signed by 
Viswanath K 
Date: 2022.11.21 17:11:13 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“NLC India Limited  
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
                               
                  
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAKESH KUMAR, CMD AND DIRECTOR(HR) 
AND DIRECTOR (FINANCE) (ADDL. CHARGE) 
                                             MR. NAGARAJU - ADDITIONAL SECRETARY, 
MINISTRY OF COAL 
DR. ALOK PANDE - JOINT SECRETARY, DIPAM 
MR. SHAJI JOHN  - DIRECTOR POWER 
MR. K. MOHAN REDDY – DIRECTOR ( PROJECTS 
AND PLANNING) 
MR. SURESH CHANDRA SUMAN - DIRECTOR 
(MINES) 
MR. MUKESH AGRAWAL, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR ( 
FINANCE) 
MR. K.VISWANATH - COMPANY SECRETARY,  
 
MODERATOR:               MR. RAHUL MODI FROM ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to NLC India Limited, Q2 FY ‘23, post results 
conference call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchstone telephone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
I now hand a conference over to Mr. Rahul Modi from ICICI Securities. Thank you. And over 
to you, sir.   
Rahul Modi: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome you all to the Q2 FY ‘23 post results 
conference call of NLC India Limited. Today we are pleased to host the entire senior 
management of the company led by Mr. Rakesh Kumar, Chairman and Managing Director; 
along with Mr. Kumar, we've got the entire management of NLC and few esteemed guests 
from the Ministry of Coal, Ministry of Finance DIPAM. The call will begin with the initial 
remark by the CMD, after which the floor will be open for Q&A session. I would like to now 
hand over the floor to CMD who will introduce the management representatives and give initial 
remark over to you. Thank you.   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Thank you very much, Rahul ji for hosting this investor call. I would like to share this as an 
opportunity to interact with the NLCIL stakeholders and also reply to their queries in the 
financial results for the quarter and a half year ended 30th September, 2022. I am Rakesh 
Kumar, CMD, NLC India Limited, and also holding additional charge for Director Finance 
and Director HR. Shri Nagaraju, Additional Secretary Ministry of Coal, and Dr. Alok Pande, 
Joint Secretary, DIPAM, They're also joining from Delhi. Shri Shaji John, Director (Power) is 
also joining from Delhi, Shri Mohan Reddy, Director (Projects and Planning), and Shri Suresh 
Chandra Suman Director (Mines). They are joining from Neyveli and Shri Mukesh Agrawal, 
ED Finance along with Shri Viswanath Company Secretary; both the senior officials are 
joining from Chennai.  
I welcome you all for this conference call. I would like to mention some of the performance 
highlights of  NLCIL for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2022. In case of 
standalone power generation during the half year ended 30th September is 13104.90 MU 
against 13043.23 MU in the corresponding period of the previous year registering a slight 
growth of 0.47%, Lignite production during half year ended 30th September is 124.42 LT this 
year against 116.42 LT in the corresponding period of the previous year, registering a growth 
of 6.87%.  
We witnessed a substantial augmentation of the coal production. Coal production during the 
half year ended 30th September 2022 this year is 49.75 LT against 18.76 Lakh ton in the 
corresponding period of the previous year, NLC average PLF up to September is 74.66% 
against all India average of 64.49%.   
Consolidated power export during half year ended 30th September 2022 is 14,312.99 MU 
against 13,887.10 MU in corresponding period of previous year, registering a growth of 3.07%. 
And now coming to financial performance, standalone revenue from operation for the half year 
this year is Rs. 5,847.21 crore as against Rs. 4,853.63 crore in the previous year six months 
registering growth of up 20.47%. The total income of the company for the half year ended 30th 
September 2022 is Rs. 5,997.68 crore as against Rs. 5377.11 crore growth in the corresponding 
period of the previous year, registering a growth of 11.54%.  
Profit for the period for the half year ended 30th September ‘22 is Rs. 873.29 crore, against Rs. 
567.43 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year, registering a growth of 53.9%. 
If we look at the consolidated balance sheet revenue from operations of the group for the half 
year ended 30th September 2022 is Rs. 7352.19 crore as against Rs. 6130.26 crore in the 
corresponding period of the previous year registering a growth of 19.93%.   

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
The total income of the group for the half year ended 30th September ‘22 is Rs. 7545.16 crore 
as against Rs. 6535.52 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year, registering a 
growth of 15.45%. Profit and loss before exceptional item and tax of the group for the half year 
ended 30th September ‘22 is Rs. 1469.93 crore as against Rs. 1395.83 crore in the 
corresponding period of the previous year, registering a growth of 5.31%.  
Profit after tax for the half year ended 30th September ‘22 is Rs. 985.86 crore as against Rs. 
554.61 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year, registering a growth of 77.76%. 
Here I would like to add some more information that NTPL has declared 5% interim dividend 
which has not been accounted so far because it is yet to be received. –However it'll happen in 
this H2.  
NUPPL There is one news to share. We have also mentioned in the stock exchange that Assam 
has come forward to express their willingness to take 25% of the power from Ghatampur which 
is 495 MW. That along with the consent, we have sent the proposal to Minister of Power for 
getting the allocation in favour of Assam. With this after considering 75% PPA with UP 25% 
with Assam, the power tie up will definitely be better. In case of thermal power station at 
Talabira, we have also got signed PPA with Kerala for 400 MW on 19th October this year. 
This is definitely going to get a better picture for proceeding ahead on the Talabira Power 
Project. Further, we have also awarded GA4 package in Ghatampur on 30th September 
amounting to Rs. 979.61 crore, this will also be a big factor to expedite the completion of the 
project timely.  
Now I invite questions on the financial results. I welcome all the stakeholders.   
Moderator:  
 Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Rabindra Nath Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead.   
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So can you please highlight why the mining 
profit has gone down on a quarter to quarter basis and regarding the interest cost, why the 
interest is high on a quarter to quarter basis. There is no capital addition or the capital 
commissioning of the new CapEx. Why the interest cost is high. These are the two questions. 
Thank you.   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, thank you very much. Mining profit if we see this this H1, the profit in first half year is 
Rs. 819.36 crore, whereas last year H1 was Rs. 377.24 crore. So it has substantially increased. 
And the main reason for this increase is because of the coal production 
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
Sorry sir. Sorry to interrupt. I'm just referring to the quarter to quarter from first quarter to 
second quarter. Worry why this is it dip in the profitably of the mining segment.   
Rakesh Kumar: 
First quarter and second quarter always there is a difference if you see that our mining 
operations are affected by the monsoon. And because of the monsoon operations, the 
production is hampered and mining operations are also witnessing, and we are also facing some 
land acquisition problems. Because of that also lignite mining has also been adversely 
impacted.   
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
But the lignite production is actually, you can say last year in the quarter to quarter, there is a 
marginal decline in lignite production and also power generation is also, you know, you can 
say it is almost a flat kind of thing. So why it is so much decline, whether we saw decline in 
the coal realization or the internal price of lignite or the external price of lignite. If you can 
highlight something on that?  
Rakesh Kumar: 
If you see the first quarter, for mining segment it was Rs. 2155.47 crore, and in the second 
quarter it is Rs. 1838.26 crore. This is what is but if we see the quarter of the corresponding 
last year corresponding quarter, it has increased from Rs.1624 crore, Rs.1838 crore. So these 
variations are due to various reasons. One is the monsoon because of the monsoon, our mining 
operations get affected in the second quarter. Second is that in case of lignite mines, we are 

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
adversely impacted because of the land acquisition. However, if you compare H1 of this year 
as compared to the H1 of the last year, the coal production has substantially increased from 1.9 
MMT to 4.97 MMT, which has added a huge margin and huge revenue also.   
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
Can you please highlight, can you please tell me what is the total transfer price of lignite 
considered average lignite price considered in this quarter and what it was in the last quarter?   
Mukesh Agrawal: 
Lignite price during first half and first quarter, and this quarter is Rs. 1950 per ton and it'll 
remain same till the lignite petition is approved by the CERC for the tariff period 2019- 24.   
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
I could not get the number, sir.   
Mukesh Agrawal: 
Rs.1950 per ton.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
Okay. Okay. What about the coal realization?  
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, we can find out in the meantime. I know for sure that the first quarter we could sell coal 
much better and Lignite also much better. And in the second quarter we have not been able to 
sell more coal or lignite. There was no question of selling Lignite outside because of the land 
acquisition problem. And we had where this lignite supply has put a constraint on the power 
supply also. So there was hardly any sale in the second quarter for Lignite, but in case of coal, 
also because of the demand in the power sector, more so we supplied more coal in the second 
quarter to NTPC rather than resorting to auction of coal in the market. So this one of the reasons 
that we do it.    
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
Okay, so can you please tell me what is the mix of the coal sales in tonnage to different entities, 
like NTPC, NTPL, and the auction? What are the mix?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Out of the 4.98 MMT we have sold the approximately 1 MMT to NTPC against our swapping 
arrangement to NTPL, we have dispatched 1.249, that is to 1.25 MMT of coal. And under the 
MOU route we have sold coal to NTPC 2.575 MMT, and n call E-auction is 1.61 MMT. This 
is the breakup of the 4.98 MMT of coal during the H1 of ‘22.   
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
Okay. So can you please tell me what is the coal EBIT for this quarter?  
Rakesh Kumar: 
So actually coal EBIT for this H1 is Rs. 252.18 crore.   
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
Okay. Regarding the interest cost, why the interest cost is high on a quarter to quarter basis?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Actually main reason is that we have issued Rs.500 crore bonds in Q3, December ‘21 at rate 
of 6.85%. This is general purpose and for the purpose of our NNTPS plant. So because of this 
bond, we are getting slightly higher financing charges.   
Mukesh Agrawal: 
If we see on H1 basis my interest cost has been slightly reduced and that reduction has taken 
at the times in the entire first half interest is on the rising. So during interest of rising side, we 
had our interest reduced during first six months.   
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
So how come it is reduced, I'm quarter to quarter referring and first quarter Rs. 221 crore in the 
second quarter, you have Rs. 337 crore so it is almost a rise of around Rs. 110 crore.   
Rakesh Kumar: 
I think this may be on account of the revaluation of trade receivables.   
Mukesh Agrawal: 
In Rs.425 crore trade receivables revaluation is also there.   
Rakesh Kumar: 
So on 3rd June 2022 there was a circular issued by Ministry of Power based on which discoms 
are allowed to give their dues in number of monthly instalments ranging from 12 months to 48 
months. So because of availing this scheme we have evaluated the options by discoms and we 
have provided the re-valuation of trade receivables to the extent of Rs. 88 crore in the H1.   

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go ahead.   
Mohit Kumar:  
Yes, Thanks for the opportunity, sir. The first question is on the, what is the status NLC 
Talabira coal power plant? When are we expected to give the order out? Has the bidding 
happen? And similarly, you can you can tell us about the Neyveli 1320 MW power plant.   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sure. Talabira tender for 3 into 800 MW which is under process. Now we are in the process of 
evaluation of the techno commercial bid, our Director P&P Shri Mohan Reddy is here, and I 
would like to request him to share more details about this.   
Mohan Reddy: 
Talabira thermal power plant tender was opened, PQ evaluation is completed, in which L&T 
and BHEL have participated, and their bids are being evaluated on techno commercial aspects. 
That really is a big project having technical issues. Some deviations are there. Correspondence 
and discussions are going on between our contract department and BHEL and L&T. It is in 
progress.   
Mohit Kumar:  
When Can we expect the order sir? 
Rakesh Kumar: 
We are trying to expedite. But there are two more fronts on which we have to progress. One 
was PPA, another was land acquisition. So land acquisition second RPDAC  meeting has been 
held on August 19th. And on the front of PPA, I have also already shared the good news that 
we have signed the PPA for 400 MW with the KSEB on 19th October. As you may, please 
recollect that we have already signed PPA with TANGEDCO for 1500 MW on 16th March, 
2022, and with Pondicherry for 100 MW, PPA was signed on 9th May, 2022. So with the 400 
MW signing PPA, we have completed 2,000 MW out of the 2,400 MW, balance 400 MW 
GRIDCO is willing to purchase for which, since it is a home state for the project, we don't have 
much doubt on their proceeding.   
They have already indicated that the process is going on, and we are going to get this done 
soon. Although our team is working round the clock for evaluation, as you are aware that it is 
a huge project with estimated cost of Rs. 19,422 crore and in which the package which is a 
combination of three important packages, we used to earlier divide the project into three 
packages. So leaving aside the peripheral outside utilities and facilities we have combined all 
the scope of work in this package. And we have got two offers, L&T and BHEL and this much 
huge order. Definitely we want to firm up and make everything very clear and transparent. 
Therefore, our team is working round the clock, and we are going to come up with the 
finalization of the technical bid, and based on that we will open the price bid. In the meantime 
land acquisition is also going on, so progress is going on this project. We are trying our level 
best to ensure that we endeavour and our best to award it within the current financial year.  So 
regarding this second expansion…  
Mohan Reddy: 
Tender is floated on the 1st October ‘22 and tender schedule to open on 23 November ‘22, this 
process is going on.   
Rakesh Kumar: 
This is also a very ambitious project of NLC. And we are hopeful that we will be able to 
progress on this project very fast because the land is already in place and PPA consent is 
already given by TANGEDCO for the full quantum.  Therefore we don't see much problem, 
and we are going to have the proven technology for Lignite as we have executed the projects 
in the past. So there does not seem to be much problem in progressing.   
Mohit Kumar:  
Can we expect this tender to be finalized in this fiscal year, 1320 MW.   
Rakesh Kumar: 
We are working on that target only that we want to finalize the award by this year, by the 
current financial year itself.  
Mohit Kumar:  
Secondly, how much are the under recovery in the, in the quarter and in the half year?   

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, sure. if we see the under recovery we have as compared to the last year, we have improved. 
Last year, first half our under recovery on thermal was Rs. 243.30 crore. Against that, we have 
improved to Rs. 189.72 crore. And this Rs. 189.72 crore, mainly it is on account of the TS 2 
extension where the problem is still continuing. And secondly, we have faced some problems 
TS 2 stage one and stage two, where the under recovery has gone from Rs. 4.55 crore or to 
around Rs. 40 crore. Otherwise I'm happy and comfortable to share that our newly 
commissioned plant NNTPS we have almost come to nil, under recovery only Rs. 1.65 crore 
as against Rs. 76.74 crore last year. And in on other front also we have improved slightly. So 
this is the situation on under recovery.   
Mohit Kumar:  
The last question myself, what is the status of coal gasification plant? Can we expect tendering 
to happen in this fiscal or next fiscal?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, coal gasification is a new upcoming business area of priority in our country. And 
accordingly, we have also taken up gasification of Iignite and the project is going to convert 
not only lignite to syngas, but also to methanol. So we are progressing well on llignite to 
methanol, already our board has approved the project cost for an amount of Rs. 4,394 crore. 
And PFR and DFR is already approved. We have awarded the work of BMC to M/s Engineers 
India limited, they have carved out the first EPC first package contract that tender is already 
floated on 22nd October this year. And we are working on expediting the second package 
contract. Now the progress is going to be very fast as you are aware that we already have the 
land we have the infrastructure facilities initially to expedite the project activities. Water, 
power, all these things are in place.   
Lignite reserves are already available, and we will be able to save on the execution period also 
substantially because team is in place. And we are going to and we have seen a lot of response 
from the EPC contractors. The tendering is on technology agnostic methodologies, so that we 
have identified two technology providers, air products and Sinopec and some 10 EPC 
contractors in the country. Very reputed parties, Tatas, L&T, and likewise, we are getting a 
good response. They have shown a lot of interest. They have also visited our project site. Top 
management had the interaction with them recently, and they're very enthusiastic for the other 
package contracts. Also, we don't have dearth of technology and EPC contractors are well 
positioned. We are hopeful that we will be able to get a very competitive price and we will be 
able to get the ball start rolling on the exhibition front.   
Mohit Kumar:  
Does BHEL have the technology?  
Rakesh Kumar: 
With BHEL, we have signed an MOU for development of indigenous technology since they 
have already,  it is understood that they have proven technology for coal gasification. But so 
far they have not tried the lignite. So we are cooperating. We have signed an MOU, now since 
the Government of India has set a target of hundred million ton of gasification by 2030, we see 
a huge opportunity. Therefore lignite gasification throws a very big opportunity to NLC. And 
now this whole big business coming, it is always better to get the indigenous technology 
developed. And BHEL is confident that if they work together with us on lignite, they will be 
able to come out with indigenous technology. So initially we will have a pilot project, and then 
later on, once it is proven, we can go for expansion of this business stream in a big way with 
the help of indigenous technology, because obviously technology providers within the country 
is definitely more comfortable, better not only for the company, but for the country also.   
Mohit Kumar:  
 Understood. Thank you, and best of luck. Thank you.   
Moderator:  
 Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead.   
 
 
 
 

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Anant Mundra: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So what is a regulated equity at the end of 
this quarter?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
As on 30th September 2022, we have a total regulated equity of INR 6593.19 crore, out of 
which mine regulated equity is INR 2830.78 crore. And thermal regulated equity is INR 
3762.41 crore.   
Anant Mundra: 
So does this include the regulated equity of our subsidiary NTPL.  
Rakesh Kumar: 
No, no, it is not including the regulated equity of NTPL, NTPL is a separate company. So these 
figures are without considering the NTPL.  
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, how much would be the regulated equity of NTPL?   
Rakesh Kumar : 
NTPL We have a regulated equity of  Rs.1490 crore and the total equity is Rs.2200 crore. 
Anant Mundra: 
All right. And how much is the equity that is invested in the renewable projects? Both under 
construction and commission?   
  
Rakesh Kumar: 
Right now there is no under construction solar project, we have completed 1,421 megawatt of 
renewable energy out of which 51 megawatt is wind. And balance is solar projects. Total 
investment made in these projects is be INR 6,594 crore out of which equity deployment is 
INR 1,675 crore.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead.   
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. I've got a couple of questions. So what is the current 
inventory level of coal that we have and how do you see the H2 sales of coal fields basically?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, so inventory level, actually, we it is not advisable to store more coal because we cannot 
keep the coal in safe condition for long duration. So our inventory is ranging from 2 lakh to, 4 
lakh ton at Talabira pit head, And as of now, it is reaching around 2 Lakh ton only. As far as 
the future prospects of coal is concerned, as we can see, that there is a rise in the demand for 
power and Talabira mines were allocated to us to primarily meet our end use plant NTPL and 
Talabira pit head power plants. And in the meantime, since some sometime is there for us to 
get the Talabira pit head power plant constructed and commission, it'll take few years. 
Therefore, we applied to Ministry of Coal for allowing us to sell coal because our mine is 
ready, we are able to increase the production.  Last year it was 6.35 million ton. This year we 
have set a target of 13 million ton against which we have met the target of the first half of 5 
million ton almost same level. So, but our priority would always be, first priority would be to 
meet the demand of our NTPL end use plant for which directly we are supplying to NTPL. 
And we are also through swapping arrangement with NTPC MCL we are getting from MCL 
and supplying to NTPC. In addition to that, we have signed an MOU of 3 million ton to NTPC. 
So our second most priority will be to give the coal, sell the coal to NTPC. So up to 3 million 
ton under MOU route, an additional also we can give to NTPC. NTPC is also making efforts 
to augment their power generation by taking coal from Talabira also. But in case we end up in 
some surplus coal then we are ready to auction the coal through eauction. But definitely we 
can see a lot of demand coming up in the coming months for coal. And we will also try to 
augment our coal production. In the short and medium term coal future is bright and we want 
to avail this opportunity to its maximum.  
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Any guidance on the volume of e- auction coal.  
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, e - auction. As I shared with you earlier also we would be giving first priority to end use 
plant, second priority to NTPC. We have also applied  for seeking permission of Ministry of 
Coal for supplying coal from Talabira to Ghatampur also, because our linked mine for 
Ghatampur is going to take a few more years to come up for operations. Therefore, in case 

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
permission is granted, we will be supplying coal to Ghatampur also, and in case we get some 
surplus coal in then we will be auctioning it. Permission is already in place and e-auction 
mechanism is also there.   
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And the final question, sir our receivable have increased by Rs. 700 crore? Any specific reason 
for it, sir?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes as you're aware that we are continuously pursuing our level best to reduce the receivables. 
It all depends on beneficiaries that in case they opt for discounting of bills or they are able to 
earlier period, we were able to get the dues liquidated because of the Atmanirbhar schemes, 
and we were able to get substantial reduction in the reduced dues realization. However, since 
there are some difficulties being faced at their end, and some of the issues between beneficiaries 
and NLC based on the truing up order and other orders, such disputes are also prompting, 
deduction of unilateral deduction of payment of our bills by Tangedco and others.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take a next question from the line of Anshuman Ashit. Please go ahead.   
Anshuman Ashit:  
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. So the first question, so you have mentioned that we have 
taken a charge of INR 88 crore on reevaluation of receivables. So what was the total amount? 
And if you can tell us, the statewise receivables, which have been converted into installments?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Actually as per the circular they have the option and these were to be finalized after getting the 
clarity on the dues. However, based on the letters, which different discoms have given, they 
have started paying in installment at their own. And we are in discussion with the discoms to 
arrive at the final figure. But in order to give some picture, mostly Tamil Nadu has opted they 
have opted around INR 735 crore in the installment as of now. However, they keep on changing 
their amounts. As of now, this is the picture.   
Anshuman Ashit:  
Which are the other states that we are in discussion with?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Other states Telangana and Karnataka.  
Anshuman Ashit:  
 Okay. Sir, what has been the PAF of TPS I expansion and NNTPs during the quarter or the 
first half? 
Rakesh Kumar: 
 Yes, I'm working on that. Please go to the next, I have got PLF figures right now. Okay. In 
case of TS1 expansion, we have achieved a PLF of 68.46% in the H1. In the case of TPS1 
expansion first half PAF is 86.29%. And in case of NNTPP, the PAF is 92.27%, in the first 
half.   
Anshuman Ashit:  
 Okay. So what has been the CapEx in the first half and what is the target for FY ‘23, ‘24 and 
‘25. And can you please split it for our thermal projects and renewables?   
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yeah, So our CapEx target was INR 2960 crore in the ’22- ‘23 INR 2,920 crore against which 
if we see the bifurcation of the target.  But against which, you know, mainly our mining projects 
are Talabira mine two and three. Then we have area extension of mine one and extension of 
mine one. In addition to this, we have a target for the mining project in joint venture for the 
south pachwara mine. I'll give you the breakup of INR 2920 crore shortly. And again, the power 
thermal projects, we have the balance of NNTPS and NUPPL is in the joint venture, or Odissa 
thermal power plant is the main  contributor to the CapEx plant this year. Out of INR 2,920 
crore we have the mining projects, CapEx of INR 190 crore, and power sector is INR 860 crore. 
And joint ventures, if we see coal block pachwara INR 110 crore .NTPL, since we are coming 
up with the FGD project, INR 250 crore is the target, and NUPPL Ghatampur, we have an 
ambitious target of INR 1,510 crore, and this comes to INR 2,920 crore. This is the breakup.   
Anshuman Ashit:  
So for what is the target for FY ‘24 and ’25?   

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Rakesh Kumar : 
FY ‘24 and ‘25 we are having even ambitious target, actually, we have set our target for the 
next -- up to 2030 total CapEx during the next eight years is going to be INR 72,000 crore plus 
INR 71,000 crore plus. In ‘23, ‘24, as per our corporate plan, we have set target of CapEx of 
INR 8,244 crore, and which is likely to increase thereafter.   
Anshuman Ashit:  
 So given the high CapEx targets we have, so will this impact in any case, our dividend payout 
going forward, or will it remain as per the policy?   
Rakesh Kumar : 
Definitely initially when we see our corporate plan of 2015 wherein we had an ambitious 
CapEx plan of 10 years for an amount of Rs 129,000 crore, and in which we had kept a 
provision of getting equity of around INR 3,500 crore in the third or fourth year that was the 
time when we were facing difficulty. However, keeping in view the changing scenario and 
based on the clarity that we should not seek any financial assistance in terms of equity. So we 
have reviewed and revised our corporate plan. Now, it is based on our projects, which are under 
formulation and future projects are also very visible concrete. I do not think that it is going to 
affect the capacity to service the shareholders with respectful dividend because year after year 
we are adding the capacity. For example, and NNTPS has started giving us revenue, as you can 
see, the turnover rising. And our networth is also consolidating. So therefore in the time to 
come, as we can see, the visibility that our Ghatampur project of 1,980 megawatt is going to 
be commissioned in the next one year of time, which will start giving revenue and profit. So 
by the time we take up expansion projects, our internal generation will also grow substantially 
with the completion of these projects. And we will definitely like to keep a balance between 
servicing of the shareholders with the respectful dividend and also will see to it that our growth 
plans are not adversely impacted. This is what we believe.   
Anshuman Ashit:  
That's very reassuring, sir. One final question. If you could give us the status on the South 
Pachwara coal block and also the commercial mining bid, which we had done for the two coal 
blocks. Thank you. 
Rakesh Kumar : 
Yes, so in case of South Pachwara, the project is progressing very well. Our phase one of the 
mining is almost over, and we are seeing that we will be able to progress on the project, 
although there is a setback on the railway siding which was to come up with the approximately 
INR 2,500 crore kind of, CapEx in which three partners are there. I would request Director 
Mines to share the latest status on the project.  
Suresh Chandra Suman: 
South Pachwara coal block is progressing well as informed by CMD, so we have achieved 
phase one activity. Phase one activity means geological report, completed mining plan 
approved, and we have a plan for FC and DC, our forest clearance proposal has reach to state 
government. So it is to be recommended very soon to MoEF& CC also, ToR has been 
approved. Public hearing for Environmental Clearance has been conducted Jharkhand State 
Pollution Control Board, the compliance parameters and mitigations had been included in 
EIA/EMP. MoEF&CC has also conducted meeting for Environmental Clearance and they have 
recommended for certain studies. So those studies are on the way. PSCB R&R benefits has 
been approved by the Board, also District Authority/Dumka had constituted R&R committee, 
so one meeting supposed to be scheduled very soon for the approval of R&R benefits. After 
that, we will proceed with the land acquisition. Land Compensation will be paid as per 
RFCTLARR Act. At the same time under CBA act section 11(1) notification by which 
government acquire the land, and give the possession to NUPPL. At the front of railway siding, 
what the CMD have said, for rail connectivity, SPV has been formed between WBPDC, PSEB, 
NUPPL, RVNL and GoJ. Feasibility Report of Rail connectivity has been prepared by M/s 
RITES and the same was submitted to eastern railway for their concurrence. Bankability 
meeting supposed to happen in next week, where the finance decision will be taken up. So I 
think this project will take a bit time and since there is rail road line connection, 40 kms away 
from the project, and this rail line will serve the purpose of three of the mine, Pachwara South, 
Pachwara Central, and Pachwara North, so this is broadly the status of Pachwara project.  
Rakesh Kumar : 
And we are regularly monitoring all the aspects of this very important project for us. And we 
will, we are hopeful that we will be able to get good results in the time to come.   

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Anshuman Ashit:  
And on the commercial coal mining bit,   
Suresh Chandra Suman: 
Yes, commercial coal mining already we have applied and of course, because of high rate, we 
could not be successful bidder. But again in this also, we are going to apply for two more 
mines, one in Talcher coal field another in state of Chhattisgarh. So we are working on it and 
we will come back with the development.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take a next question from the line of JK Jain from JK Jain and Company. 
Please go ahead.   
JK Jain:  
Yes, I have joined a little late. One thing is your other income has reduced by about INR 300 
crore year-on-year, and your other expenses has increased by about INR 200 crore year-on-
year, kindly through light on this, why this has.   
Rakesh Kumar : 
Yes, sure, sure. Now, as I shared earlier that we have provided some INR 88 crore because of 
the June, 3 circular. And secondly if we see last year H1, we had received dividend income of 
approximately INR 194 crore from our subsidiary and NTPL. And our surcharge has reduced 
substantially because our realization has improved on an invoice to invoice basically month to 
month basis. And the surcharge, which was although adding to the income, but it was not very 
happy moment for us, and it was adding risk to our business we are able to mitigate that risk 
and we are able to consolidate our position on real business through other sources like selling 
of lignite and coal and reducing our fixed, you know, under recovery.   
JK Jain:  
Okay. Another point is the, there is a lot of notes being given by the auditor qualifying the your 
-- this result. And one particular is point number 13, that is note number 20 to the statement 
where the company has not made any provision with regard to dispute dues of INR 1050 crore 
on account of water consumption and all these matters. Is there any contingent, liabilities are 
there going to be any contingent liability risk for this account?   
Rakesh Kumar : 
 No, Basically this 2019 to ‘24 tariff period is a transition period in which Ministry of Coal, 
which earlier used to issue the guidelines for fixing the price of Lignite and based on which 
CERC used to approve the tariffs that has undergone change. And initially, Ministry of Coal 
delegated the power of fixing the Lignite price to NLC in the limited board. And once NLCIL 
board in line with the thermal tariff by exercising the past practice, the approval of board of 
directors of NLCIL,the guidelines were issued however the discoms disputed these guidelines.  
Let me just give you the background, then we will, we will be able to get a good picture of this 
INR 1000 crore. So based on, based on this order, they we have taken out the security charges 
and water charges in line with the thermal power tariff, because as you can see, the thermal 
power tariff has undergo change where water charges and security charges are taken out of the 
base tariff.  Similarly, we have had also done that, and which discoms did not agree because 
they wanted this tariff to be part of the base area itself. Therefore, these disputes were raised 
by them, and later on CERC issued the guidelines for the Lignite price fixation. And we this 
keeping in view the dispute and discoms got some reason to deduct some amount from our 
bills and tariffs. So they stopped paying security charges and water charges, which was not 
denied as a part of the cost element of the tariff. We have lodged our petitions with CERC, 
which is not including the security and water charges, a separate item, but the part of the base 
tariff and the total amount of these petitions are more than what we claimed in the earlier period 
where in security and water charges are shown separately, but still, they are disputing. And 
based on that, CERC has also come out with the guidelines in which security and water charges 
are not excluded.  So keeping visibility that the CERC has also agreed with the beneficiaries, 
CAG has issued a comment that this is amounting to INR 1050 crore is not recoverable, and to 
this extent, the revenue is overstated. So, but we understand that this is recoverable. We are 
not required to pay. There is no feasibility, there is no such ground that we should believe that, 
accordingly against the CAG comment, we have given the replies also in our annual report, 
which can be seen on page number 201. And because of the deduction, we are fighting the 
case. And because of this observation by CAG, statutory auditor, have also been raising this 
issue, which we have given them the assurance that security and water charges as a part of the 
O&M cost is  never denied by any beneficiary as a part cost element of the tariff, but it is just 
a structure.   

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
JK Jain:  
Another thing, because I have seen that your company balance it sizes approximately INR 
20,000 crore, but I find that there are INR 2000 crore of regulatory deferred debit and INR 
3000 crore of regulatory deferred credit.  Do you think that there would be any problem in 
realization of these deferred debit balances or any chance of any contingent liability on this 
aspect? One thing is I find that there is a lot of tariff trued up orders, and these are being filed 
very late. The first note is for the mines for 2014 to ‘19, the tariff trued order was filed in May 
‘22 for an amount of INR 581 crore. Is it a normal feature in this generation business or there 
are a lot of notes out there.  Don't you think that the right time that these things would be given 
proper attention? if you add up all the total, it would be something like INR 8,000 crore, the 
INR 2000 crore deferred debit balance, INR 3000 crore deferred credit balances. We feel a 
little bit sceptic.  So any, any view about these things?   
Rakesh Kumar : 
 Sure, sure, sure. I would like to clarify here, nothing to worry. Because NLC India Limited is 
an integrated company in which mining and power generation both are equally strong and built 
up over a period of time. And NLC India Limited is the only company who’s both the 
businesses are regulated. Lignite was regulated long back along with the thermal. Therefore, it 
is a very specific company in which this regulatory mechanism works.  
  Now, you know that as far as the power tariff is concerned, because of so many players and so 
many decisions the situation is very clear and therefore not much disputes on the thermal power 
aspect. However, because the lignite mining there is always a possibility to caution any aspect 
wherever either it is tax, Lignite mining capacity, overhead production details. So many aspects 
are there, but we can see that in spite of the fact that the regulatory balances are more. But on 
case to case basis, we have formulated our accounting policies in 2016 based on the IND AS 
in such a way that that gives a lot of comfort to the investors. Also, because we have adopted 
a conservative approach.  
Wherever, when we file a petition, we start booking the revenue based on the petition file. As 
soon as the order is issued by CERC, we readjust and we take cognizant of the revenue which 
is agreed by CERC. Later on, even if we have a strong feeling that the indecision is against us, 
and even if we go to APTEL till such  time, APTEL gives a decision, we do not change it. 
Therefore, the in spite of the strong notion that we have a claim and we have a rightful amount 
due from the beneficiary, we are not able to get the money because till such time regulatory 
orders are issued, we are not able to realize the amount.  
But all these dues are definitely from time to time we are getting the orders. And we are hopeful 
that we will be able to get our truing up petitions also in line with our claims. The legal battle 
is long, but the power industry is definitely one sector where these disputes are inevitable. 
Government of India is also trying to come up with the regulation from time to time to realize 
the dues, to reduce support, to punish the defaulters through merit ordering through various 
circulars healthy mechanism, through Atmanirbhar Bharat. So we are hopeful that in the time 
to come, the power sector will also witness clean slate. Um, however, that will take some more 
time.   
Moderator:  
And , we'll take our next question that's from Rabindra Nath Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead.   
Rabindra Nath Nayak:  
What is the e-auction price for coal for October? Or if you can give the e-auction for Lignite 
also, that would helpful. Thank you.   
Rakesh Kumar : 
Yes,. Lignite, we have not auctioned in the month of October. As I shared with you that we are 
facing issues in the land acquisition, .In case of Barsingsar mines  in the month of October we 
have e –auctioned, and the price is INR 4830 to INR 4930 per ton. And for coal ,the average 
price, the range between the price lowest and  is INR 2,690 lowest and INR 2,740 per ton as 
the highest price for the recent auction of 2.5 lakh ton coal auction.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Sanjeev Dabani from SKD Consulting. Please go ahead, 
sir.   

 
NLC India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Sanjeev Dabani:  
Sir first question regarding the realization. You said Lignite you realized Rs.4,800 per ton in 
Rajasthan Barsingsar , and here you realized only Rs.2,750 per ton for coal.   
Rakesh Kumar : 
Yes, yes.  because of obvious reasons that coal supply is more, and it is, you know, the coal 
buyers are near to the mines definitely the supply factor is more and more auction is taking 
place not only by NLC, but by Coal India also. But in Rajasthan, the availability of coal up to 
Rajasthan is less. And Lignite availability in the market was also less because earlier we were 
not given the permission to sell. Now only we have been given, so definitely there is a huge 
demand. So we are trying to augment the supply in Rajasthan so that the customers can be 
satisfied. We get the supplies augmented.   
Sanjeev Dabani:  
Actually, our discussions have really gone long, and I have lot of questions, but one request I 
want to make that if we can make a small presentation after every quarterly results on location 
wise, unit wise position has to installed and power produced or mine, mined materials, quantity, 
realization, etc, then lot of questions would get eliminated and we'll rise above this to 
understand certain other things from you. I mean Rajasthan location, you have Neyveli location 
, you have some Talabira mines, you have an UP location. You have some mines in Odissa and 
some more power plant is coming up, So if a status can be given based on the location wise, 
unit wise, then it'll be very easy for anybody to understand the business. This is what I feel, sir. 
I want your opinion    
Rakesh Kumar : 
Yes, definitely. We have taken note of your suggestion. We will try to give more information 
in our corporate presentation, which is hosted on our website before the investor call. But we 
have taken note of your suggestion. Secondly, whatever questions are left out please arrange 
to send an email. We will try to respond to the extent possible.   
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the floor back to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.   
Rakesh Kumar : 
Thank you very much. It is really heartening that lot of interest is now getting generated in the 
investors and a number of questions on different aspects of our business are is being asked. 
And we are hopeful that we are able to give our comments on all the aspects.  I will request in 
case Shri Nagaraju ji, is there Addition Secretary, Ministry of Coal, Government of India, and 
Joint Secretary Shri Pande ji available. Maybe they can just say a few words.   
Moderator:  
It looks like the line just got disconnected, sir.   
Rakesh Kumar : 
It is also very heartening that lot of support from the Ministry of Coal and DIPAM is being 
extended to support the cause of the investors and try to bring a lot of information transparently 
about the business of the company. And we will continue to strive for making the investors call 
and investors interaction and presentations more informative and more transparent and more 
giving insight into the complex issues which are coming in the mind of investors. We are 
thankful to all the investors and all the agencies who are finding interest to connect to us on 
the investors calls. Thank you very much.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Members of the management on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited is limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Okay. 
 
