 
MBFSL/CS/2022-23                                                                                   19th November, 2022 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, C- 1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai– 400051 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Relations, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code : BECTORFOOD 
Scrip Symbol : 543253 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
SUBJECT: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL – Q2 FY23 
UNDER THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS), REGULATIONS 2015 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company held on November 14, 2022 
to discuss Q2 FY23 results.  
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
 
 
 
Atul Sud 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M.No. F10412 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
ATUL 
SUD
Digitally signed by ATUL SUD 
DN: c=IN, st=Punjab, 
2.5.4.20=68a9edcc41c7b64ab66e90ad52216d3
bb64e1ef8167e958a5bbd3e893893e778, 
postalCode=141007, street=H NO T 36 BLOCK C 
3 RD FLOOR NOOR ENCLAVE NOORTWALA 
NURWALA, 
pseudonym=027848924f678ea72a4755f959a64
4b2, 
serialNumber=68953c4803ab717805c1a0c6fa6e
dd1b116d93a84ef9b58afa7039d8791173e4, 
o=Personal, cn=ATUL SUD 
Date: 2022.11.19 18:39:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
Q2 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANOOP BECTOR - MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
PROMOTOR  
MR. MANU TALWAR - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 MR. ISHAAN BECTOR - WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. PARVEEN KUMAR GOEL - WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR 
 MR. GAURAV JAIN - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE,  
ORIENT 
CAPITAL, 
INVESTOR 
RELATIONSHIP 
CONSULTANT  

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities 
Ltd. Q2 and H1 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Bector, Managing Director and 
Promotor, Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Bector:  
Thank you so much. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Mrs. Bectors Food 
Specilities Limited, I extend a very warm welcome to all participants on Q2 and H1 FY 
‘23 financial results discussion call. Today on this call, I have with me Mr. Manu 
Talwar, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Ishaan Bector, whole time director, Mr. Parveen 
Kumar Goel, whole-time director; Mr. Gaurav Jain, Senior Vice President, Finance; 
and Orient Capital, our Investor Relationship Consultant. 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release 
that we have uploaded on exchanges and on the company's website. 
I'm pleased to share that we have reported the highest ever quarterly sales, EBITDA 
and PAT since IPO. Demand for our  products continue to remain robust. We registered 
strong and profitable growth from all of our business verticals, i.e Biscuits - Domestic 
and Exports, Bakery- Institutions and Retail in Q2 and H1. Our investments in capacity 
building along with organic talent development, hiring of various department heads 
have allowed us to substantially grow our business and report strong quarter and half 
year performance. 
We are very well positioned to leverage the  opportunities that lie ahead of us and will 
be supported by premiumization, strong leadership team, manufacturing, infrastructure, 
digitization, and distribution network. In the current quarter, the company has 
witnessed marginal improvements in prices of raw material, but challenges of inflation 
continue to remain for the entire industry. 
I would now like to provide an update on our capex program.  
• Starting with our Rajpura biscuit line, as you are aware, the company has 
successfully started commercial production of a new biscuit line with an installed 
capacity of 12,000 tons per annum w.e.f July 15, 2022. 
Further, we are also adding two new biscuit lines to meet the growing demand. These 
two lines are expected to be completed by Q1 FY ’24. 
• Madhya Pradesh, Dhar, the company is building new biscuit lines. We have started 
construction of boundary wall and received approval for construction of building 
plan. We expect these lines to be ready by FY ’24-‘25. 
• Lastly, we have purchased additional land next to our existing bakery plant in 
Khopoli, Maharashtra. The new capacity is expected to be completed by FY 
’24-’25.  
We are confident of delivering positive results going forward driven by strong 
distribution network, marketing and digitization expansion. 
Now, I will discuss the Q2 financial performance. 
The consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at INR347 crore versus INR246 crore 
in Q2 FY ’22, thus registering a growth of 41% on a year-on-year basis. 
 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Biscuits 
o 
Our biscuit segment reported a revenue growth of 40%, which stood at 
INR206 crore in Q2 FY ‘23 as compared to INR147 crore in Q2 FY ‘22 
including domestic and export sales. This segment has grown by 35% over 
Q2 FY ’21.  
o 
Our domestic biscuit segments and exports witness highest double-digit 
growth in Q2 FY ‘23 as compared to same period last year. 
Bakery 
o 
On the Bakery front, bakery segment revenue for Q2 FY ‘23 stood at INR125 
crore against INR83 crore in Q2 FY ’22, thus registered a growth of 51%. 
This includes both retail bakery and institutional segment.  
o 
Bakery segment has grown by 99% as compared to Q2 FY ‘21. Both 
wholesale and institutional bakery has grown by higher double-digit in Q2 
FY ‘23 as compared to the same period last year. The company continues to 
focus on increasing distribution and premiumization of its products. 
Margins 
• On margins, EBITDA stood at INR44 crore, saw a growth of 42% quarter-on-
quarter. Our EBITDA margin for Q2 FY ‘23 is 12.8% as compared to 10.4% in 
Q1 FY ’23.  
• PAT stood at INR22 crore, saw a growth of 72% quarter-on-quarter. Our PAT 
margin for Q2 FY ’23 is 6.3% as compared to 4.2% in Q1 FY ’23. 
Moving to half year performance.  
The consolidated revenues of H1FY23  stood at INR648 crore versus INR472 crore in 
H1 FY ’22, thus registering a growth of 37% on a year-on-year basis. 
Biscuits.  
o 
Biscuit segment reported a revenue growth of 32%, which stood at INR385 
crore in H1 FY ‘23 as compared to INR292 crore in H1 FY ‘22 including 
domestics and export sales. 
Bakery.  
o 
Bakery segment’s revenue in H1 FY ’23 stood at INR232 crore against 
INR152 crore in H1 FY ’22, thus registered a growth of 53% year-on-year. 
Margins. 
• EBITDA for H1 FY ‘23 stood at INR76 crore, saw a growth of  19% year-on-year, 
reported an EBITDA margin of 11.7% as compared to 13.5% in H1 FY ‘22.  
• PAT stood at INR35 crore, saw a growth of 10% year-on-year basis. 
With this, I would request to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator:  
We have the first question from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi, sir and thanks for taking my question. First of all, a big congrats on a very good set 
of numbers. I have three questions. So firstly, your distribution in your domestic 
biscuits, can you give a sense on what is the kind of direct reach and total reach today 
versus let's say 12 months back and how this has grown, as in which states have seen 
the highest amount of growth in terms of reach and which states are lower in terms of 
total reach coverage etc.? 
Manu Talwar:  
So should we answer this question now or you want to ask all three questions? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Maybe you can answer this and I can take follow-ups if there are any. 
Manu Talwar:  
Okay. So, as we have been reaching earlier, we have huge imputes on the driving 
distributions on the biscuit side and we have a plan of doubling our directory’s outlook 
for 1,50,000 from the year beginning to reach 3,20,000 by March ‘24. So, basically 
doubling our direct reach outlets in two years now. We are progressing extremely well 
on that side and we should be some midway mark by March of ‘23 and then reaching 
3,20,000 in March of ’24. 
So, that's on the distribution side, but distribution side is also supported by a 
digitization journey. And just to first fill you up on a digitization and then I will come 
on the geography side. 
So, on the digitization, the fully maintained salesforce automation to work field, this as  
a partner and which was implemented in the month of April-May. This is helping us 
track route wide performance, sales, source wide performance on a daily basis. So, it 
gives us that how many calls have been made, how many calls are productive, what is 
the route productivity, what are the line sold, right All those KPIs are visible suppose 
on a daily basis, which helps us drive the performance of the sales force and the last. 
So, this was the first phase of sales digitization. The second phase of sales 
digitalization, which we had planned was on a distributed management system, where 
large amount of distributor will be directly connected with us and we will be able to 
monitor their inventories, their performance, their routes also on a virtual basis. 
So, just to share with you our DMS journey also started and which will make a 
significant progress of covering all the large distributors by quarter four of this year. 
So, these are the two large chunk of intervention on distribution side. 
Third side on the distribution side we have discussed  earlier that we were adding the 
distributor salesman, right. So, we were adding a large amount of resource to increase 
our coverage and drive out there. So, we had a plan of adding over 700 distributor 
salesman, and whch we have completed and – down worth and that's also adding to our 
productivity and sales growth there. 
And the fourth bucket was our capability building, which was providing a training 
through our partner to large amount of salesforce in all the key cities and that program 
is under implementation as we talk. So, these are the four large actions -- input action, I 
would call them, which we have taken to drive up sales distribution, sales execution, 
sales performance measurement to which is helping us drive our sales growth, which 
you're seeing in our number, right? 
Which geography is another question if you ask, so, just to share with you these 
numbers are for northern India. We were always stronger and upper  north primarily on 
the Punjab side. And so, this large part of distribution growth is coming in the lower 
part of the North, which is your Delhi, UP, Rajasthan. 
But nonetheless, we are also growing well on our distribution in upper north, which is 
Haryana, Punjab, J&K and HP. So, that would be my response to your query on our 
journey on distribution leading to the sales growth. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Just a followup sir here. So, direct reach by September, I missed that number. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Manu Talwar: 
Direct reach by September, we have crossed 1,71,000 outlets – 1,75,000 outlets is 
something which we have crossed --the highest. We have crossed that much of direct 
reach of our objects. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And we've planned to do around 2,40,000 By March, right? 
Manu Talwar:  
We will be doing around 2,25,000 or 2,30,000 by March and these are the build outlet, 
which I told you. In terms of outlets, which we have started reaching and billing, right? 
They have already started touching 2,00,000. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great, sir. That is very helpful. Second question on the biscuit side. So, biscuit growth 
of 40%, If you can give any kind of a color, how much of it is domestic or -- and 
exports and within domestic, again how does this growth compare across states, which 
are the states which have contributed the highest in terms of growth and which have 
grown less than average. Any color on that sir would be helpful. 
Manu Talwar: 
Firstly, let me answer your question that both our exports and domestic, they're both 
growing very, very aggressively, both are neck-to-neck to each other, both are growing 
in large high teens, right? And they are duly supported by the high teens volume 
growth, right? So, it's a good revenue growth supported by the high teens volume 
growth both for exports as well as domestic business. 
On the domestic size of business, as of now, all our territory are growing extremely 
well, but in terms of percentage of growth, because we were always – had a, larger 
business and upper side of north. So in terms of percentage you can say, the lower part 
of north in percentage term is growing more than the upper north, but yes, the business 
is going again in good double digits, high teens across the territory. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great sir. And just a follow up here. We also had reiterated around an analyst meet last 
time we met that Maharashtra and South also are in plans. So there we might be 
looking at other revenues directly supplying -- right now, we may not be directly 
supplying, but other revenue. So, how much of that has materialized? 
Manu Talwar:  
So, just to share with you, we have launched our distribution of our products directly, 
right through our distributor network like in north, in Bombay, Pune and Bangalore, 
right. And so we started this journey about three to four months back. Journey is 
building up well. Our products are being accepted well in these territories and we have 
a plan to keep growing this distribution in this particular financial year itself. So, we 
have launched in three cities, product is being accepted well, we are present as of now 
over the last few months in over 5000 outlets and we have a plan to enter a few more 
cities in this financial year before end of the march. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great sir. Last and final question from me on more than -- more of bookkeeping one. 
So bread contribution of Delhi NCR today and two years back, just bookkeeping. 
Manu Talwar:  
You see, both Bangalore and Bombay have grown well for us. And also -- we are also 
now selling in a lot more cities which are outside Delhi NCR, which are in say 200-
kilometer distance from the Delhi NCR, right. So, I won't have exact answer on two-
year back and all. I can get back to you later in terms of exact percentages, but to just to 
share with you that yes, we also are Bombay business, Bangalore business and nearby 
cities to Delhi NCR. We also covering them well and they are also going well for us. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Today's number if you can share sir, that would be helpful. Current… 
Ishaan Bector: 
Yeah, I can intervene. So now we actually look at territories as Delhi NCR, outstation 
north, Bombay and Bangalore. Delhi NCR today would be contributing about 55% to 
60% of our sales and about 40% is coming from Northern market outside of Delhi 
NCR, Bombay and Bangalore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Amit Purohit: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats for excellent numbers. Sir, I 
wanted to understand on your new territories that -- for specific on biscuits, you 
indicated 5000 outlets in reach. So what are the type of outlets? Is largely modern trade 
or it's a mix of both? 
Manu Talwar:  
No. 5000 outlets, which I spoke about are general trade, FMCG outlet. 
Amit Purohit: 
Okay. And sir, earlier, I mean, we had some thoughts on focusing on modern trade in 
these markets or what is our modern trade salience and -- right now at an aggregate 
level and also in the new territories like UP and all? How is this strategy? I mean, is it 
not so much modern trade or is it largely GT land? 
 
Manu Talwar: 
No. So, we have a – had a very special plan on modern trade for the northern India and 
getting into the western and southern markets, right. And our modern trade business is 
the highest growth business today for us as a business vertical in biscuit, right. So the 
modern trade is going very well. Now, also, we have started penetrating into the south 
and west market. So we have a target to get over – you see modern trade universe in 
India is around 5,000 to 5,500 outlet wise, store wise. 
Amit Purohit: 
Okay. 
Manu Talwar: 
If you have a target of touching and crossing beyond 2000 By March, as of now, we are 
already in September crossed around 1600 store reach and we started our journey, both 
our west and south modern trade source. So modern trade is growing very well, 
growing at a very high growth change rate and it's one of the highest growth business 
verticals biscuit for us. We have started our journey on modern trade also for southern 
belts. We have a target of crossing over 2000 store belts by March 2023 and we are 
now sitting at proximately 1600. 
Amit Purohit: 
Sitting at approximately? 
Manu Talwar: 
1600. 
Amit Purohit: 
Yeah. That is at an all-India level, right? 
Manu Talwar: 
That's at all India level. South and west journey, we have just started scaling up in the 
last few months. 
Amit Purohit: 
And what would be the contribution of modern trade in our total sales? 
Manu Talwar: 
Modern trade in our overall sales as of now should be close to 9%. 
Amit Purohit: 
9%? 
Manu Talwar: 
Yeah. 
Amit Purohit: 
Okay. And sir, just some understanding of the cost also better. So, we have seen there 
is a sequential improvement in gross margins and with commodity pricing appeasing 
of, you think the gross margin trajectory would keep improving and whatever price 
increases that we have taken is now good enough, or in fact, more than compensates for 
the cost increase? 
Manu Talwar: 
Yes. So as of now, we are almost close to our last year, same period gross margin. But 
I'm sure just to brief you that, in place of follow costing you have to chase the industry, 
right -- out as of now. So, there would be -- we are going to take some of the price 
increases also in this quarter, October to December quarter, just to ensure that we are 
able to maintain and improve our gross margin. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Amit Purohit: 
And what would be the price increase that you would have taken in the first half, say 
from April to now or calendar year, whatever, if you could help us in? At an aggregate 
level for biscuits, as well as breads. 
Manu Talwar: 
Both in bakery business, as you can see, we've taken sufficient size increases to  protect 
our gross margins, right, which are visible both in our quarter and H1 results so far. 
Amit Purohit: 
Okay. So would this be like 20% plus kind of range increase? 
Manu Talwar: 
No. So, it's not that high, but I can probably tell you the exact numbers of price increase 
as a percentage term. 
Amit Purohit: 
Sure. Okay. And sir, on the cost – other cost side, which is basically your ad spends and 
your distribution costs. So we have seen a significant increase on a Y-o-Y basis. What 
you would ascribe it to more due to the distribution cost or it would be largely because 
of increased ad spends as well, how would be the mix rate? 
Manu Talwar: 
So now, these costs have three reasons for -- So first reason, yes, we have incremental 
marketing sense there. Second reason is that our logistics also tough because in our 
growth mix, there's a little higher mix on account of out export logistics, and there's a 
bit of a bakery logistics cost, that's the secondary reason. The third reason is that last 
year; we were cycling COVID. So transport was extremely low both international and 
domestic, rather it was just about not there, but now air business is back, back both our 
domestic and international travelers are back, which was kind of missing in the last 
year, same period. 
Amit Purohit: 
Yeah. So what is the average -- I mean, likely advertising costs for the full year, or 
freight costs, I mean, if you could help us broadly as a percentage to sales? 
Manu Talwar 
As a percentage to sales, we normally spend about – just a moment, I’ll tell you. So 
what happened as a percentage to say both in AGR and BGL, we normally spend about 
8%, and out of these 8%, approximately as of now 3% is the AGL with digital and 
balance around 5% odd approximately is our spends on sales promotion. So this is the 
broad plan.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge 
Wealth. Sir, please go ahead. 
Digant Haria: 
Yeah, hi sir. Congratulations on the great performance. Sir, first question is on the 
export side. If we have seen a similar growth YoY, which is the 30% plus, I just wanted 
to know that is it more of our own brand, which has increased in exports or is it white 
label, any color on this? 
Anoop Bector:  
So, I'll take this. 
Manu Talwar: 
Right. 
Anoop Bector:  
Our focus very clearly is on building up our brand and so, we have been working very 
aggressively in the middle east side to be growing our business. In fact, we have added 
distributors in these areas, especially in Saudi Arabia, we have added distributors. So 
work is on in -- during this period, during for building -- brand building, but on the 
sales side between branded and third party brand, would be very similar like 50% each 
till now. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. Sir, even during IPO, we're 50:50 sir. Today also, we are 50:50, which means 
both the brands are growing. 
Anoop Bector: 
-- approximately will be the same. So, there is not much difference on the branded and 
the unbranded side. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. It was good to know both are growing equally fast, so. 
Anoop Bector: 
Yeah. Both are growing well. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. Okay sir. And the second question was, sir the last entire -- last four quarters, 
inflation had been behind us nonstop and even our other costs were going up because 
we are implementing this distribution changes in our domestic biscuits. Sir, now -- even 
now, it feels that the raw material inflation is not going away so easily. So, as a 
company, are we better prepared than last year because last year, it was after 10 years 
that such inflation was coming, and we took a lot of time to pass it on, but the next 
rounds of inflation as in when they come, will we be able to do it better than say what 
we could do last year? 
 
Anoop Bector: 
Yeah, with the journey, what Mr. Manu Talwar has mentioned also on strengthening 
distribution, strengthening digitization, strengthening into information of the market, it 
is adding strength to the company to react faster. So, definitely going forward, in case 
there are such inflationary trends or such reasons, when we have to react to the market, 
our reaction will be much faster for sure. Yes. 
Digant Haria: 
Right sir. And these other expenses, which always used to go much faster, I think now 
they've stabilized So, now, we can expect this operating leverage to continue, right, 
because as the distribution, investments gain lead us to more sales, these costs will not 
rise as fast or is that not the right understanding? 
Anoop Bector: 
Yeah, so, definitely, I mean, the benefit is going to be coming in because we haven't 
rested on people like what I had said in the speech also that, our top line management 
was brought in with the great experience and we are seeing the result of that coming 
into the company. We have added -- we have gotten a lot of people on feet on street 
people so that our distribution could be increased. And now with the support of the 
digitization and the DMS system, which Manu had mentioned that our large 
distributors, will be on DMS by March this year -- next year, end of this quarter. So I 
think these results will be received more positive towards the company. So definitely, it 
will be that, but our effort on branding, distribution, investing on distribution, will have 
to keep continuing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nidhi Babaria from Envision 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, what would be the price hike for us in 
last three years as our revenue growth is around 23%, 3-year revenue CAGR. What 
would be the volume and -- volume breakup and price hikes during these three years? 
Anoop Bector: 
So what price hike. I will – this will be – Manu, would you be able to give a three-year 
price like? 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Like, just on an average basis. 
Manu Talwar: 
No. It will be little tough to give you. I have to give you separately, but just to share 
with you that our majority -- the product price increase definitely happened in this 
financial year because of having late pressures over the last six to eight months, but 
yes, I can -- we can get back to it if you need help with the last three years hike. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
And on Y-o-Y basis if that is easily available? 
Manu Talwar: 
Pardon. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Y-o-Y basis like Q2 ‘22 versus q2 ‘23. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Manu Talwar: 
So, see our price increase as a company in this particular H1 over the last year H1, on 
an exit of September, right should be around 9-odd percent. And our larger part of 
growth is coming through the volume growth. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay. And sir, any feature on the new geographies like how easily are we able to take 
these price hikes because northern belt is surely our home area, but when we go to 
other parts of the north regions only where we are expanding, any outlook on what is 
the growth trajectory over there and the acceptance level also? 
Manu Talwar: 
See our growth is primely as we explained in the first-person response also, is led by 
our sales and distribution and the sales execution. These are the two key pillar and KPI 
that is driving our sales growth, which is covering larger number of outlets making 
what -- well, the larger support for us. So these are the two key KPIs, which are driving 
our force in our existing geographies and we are putting all our efforts through sales 
digitalization, through training of the sales force -- to enhance our excellence in sales 
execution, right and the selling and distribution. That is the key thing. This is duly not 
supported by the inputs on the marketing side, the brand side and as I briefly mentioned 
in between that brand and marketing is largely led as of now through digital media and 
the print media, right and on the in-shop and on-shop activities. So these are the three 
large verticals based on which or three large areas where we are effectively doing our 
marketing. And as we have got a new leader in marketing, Apoorva, who joined us in 
July. So that in part of investment in marketing is also scaling up and supporting well 
over and above our sales execution and S&D execution to build up revenue growth. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay. And sir, on modern trade side, what would be the revenue contribution last year 
for us like this year as you mentioned, it's roughly 9%. And what -- like what was the 
store accounts we were serving in modern trade last year versus this year? 
Manu Talwar: 
So our contribution has also improved in modern trade as a part of our sales by almost 
25% over last year -- contribution to sales, which you are asking, 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay. And how many store counts have we increased, like currently they are 1600, last 
year… 
Manu Talwar: 
We are at 1,600 store coverage in modern trade as of now. We're targeting to be beyond 
2000. And we are very sure that in two years after that, we should be able to cover 
almost 85 to 90% of the universe, which is as of now … 
Anoop Bector: 
No, manu. The question is what was it last year? 
Manu Talwar: 
Oh, how much was the outlet coverage last year? 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Yeah. 
Manu Talwar: 
Okay. Yeah. Just a minute. Just hold on. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
And also sir, what type of as it turn, do we expect with these new lines coming in, like 
whenever like, within six to eight months, whenever we will be at peak utilization 
level. 
Anoop Bector: 
See on the biscuit side, it could be anywhere above 3.5, okay, and on the bread side, it 
will be around 2 to 2.5 times. So, on the biscuit side, you will have a larger, much 
higher turnover -- asset Turnover; on the bakery side, it's a bit lower, but the 
automation about the investment drives the profit, which compensates us for the higher 
investment because automation levels are very, very high. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay, and any color on QSR is demand? How the QSR segment is doing for us? 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Anoop Bector: 
The QSR, as you have already seen, most of the QSRs also now today listed. You have 
seen their results and so very, very robust. So they are growing well. So I think they're 
doing extremely well. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay. Have you added any new QSR or have you increased any share of business with 
any of the player? 
Anoop Bector: 
Ishaan, you want to take this? 
Ishaan Bector: 
Yeah. So, last time we had updated that we are -- we got onboarded with subway. So 
our share of business is increasing as we are proving ourselves to be a more reputed 
supplier. Other than that, we are working with some other QSRs and as and when we 
get a breakthrough, we will be very happy to update. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay. Sir, this is the last question that modern trade store count numbers. 
Anoop Bector: 
Yeah. Manu?  
Manu Talwar: 
I missed it. What was the question? 
Anoop Bector: 
The last year store count for modern trade. 
Manu Talwar: 
It was around close to 1200. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mayur Parkeria for Wealth 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Yeah. So sir, just wanted to check, have you given any long-term guidance with respect 
to the business, sir. Sorry, I'm not aware if you had. Can you in terms of next three 
years, five years, any long-term guidance, have we given? 
Manu Talwar: 
We haven't officially shared any long-term guidance there on our business, but we are 
in the process of creating a plan and strategy over the next few months’ time. We 
should be in a position and we'll be happy to share somewhere towards the end of this 
financial year or starting of the next financial year on a guidance over the next three to 
four years’ time. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay, so both on the top line or bottom line or in terms of efficiency or anything. So, 
all forms, it will help you keep in touch upon whenever you plan to give that in the next 
quarter or so. 
Manu Talwar: 
Yeah. So on a directional basis, I can definitely share with you that we are very, very 
firm of driving our revenue growth alongside our margin side. So, we are keeping an 
eye on our margin. Definitely we know that we need to aggressively drive our revenue 
because in both categories of business, which we are doing domestically, which is 
bakery as well as biscuits, we have a very large potential over the next few years to 
consistently grow up, become a pan India a player over next three to four years’ time 
and that's clearly our intent. 
But alongside our revenue growth, we are very, very firm that we will have a -- we will 
do that journey alongside keeping an eye on the margin so that we are able to grow 
both well over the next few years times. That -- in general, that would be our guidance, 
but yes, specific plan definitely around Q1 of next financial year is something where 
we'll be ready and we’ll be happy to share. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Right. And just another clarification kind of -- just let me know if this working is 
correct from my side or the understanding. Sir our interest cost as I see, finance cost as 
I see is in closer in the region of INR4 crore. It was closer to the region of INR1 crore 
to INR1.2 crore year-on-year last – I mean sir Q2 of FY ’22, right? That's an increase 
of almost closer to INR2.5 crore to INR3 crore. If I annualize that, it is around INR11 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
crore to INR12 crore and at current rates, it's like an utilization of almost close to 
INR100 crore more on the… So sir, am I getting this math right and what is driving this 
kind of increase in financial costs? And when I see the cash flows, they remain pretty 
much robust. So just was wondering, where is this coming from? 
Anoop Bector: 
Manu, you're taking this? 
Manu Talwar: 
I'll take it partially, then Praveen can add. Okay. You see what happened when our 
commodity prices are extremely volatile, we had to ensure our supply chain is 
protected. And as a part of ensuring our supply chain is protected and corrected for this 
financial year, we had done some contracts of booking our commodity for the – over 
the next few months for this financial year ensuring that. Some part of that cost as a 
part of our written agreement is the carrying cost which is interest cost, which is 
reflecting here. So, there is a little larger spike in the interest bucket, but over the next 
quarter, we should see some bit of normalization. But just to share with you, a decent 
spike which you’re seeing in this quarter is on account of that, which is a specific cost 
of carrying, which is part of the contract of these commodities, as we are using the 
allocated commodities as per the contract and reducing that carrying costs, it will get 
normalized. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
So will… 
Manu Talwar:  
The cashflow continues to be fairly robust and you would have seen that and in terms 
of our cashflow, which are EBITDA, they're kind of back to terms growing healthy. 
Mayur Parkeria:  
So sir, just trying to dwell this a little long -- just one more step down, is this to protect 
the price or is it to protect the supply sir? 
Anoop Bector:  
No. It is to protect the price. Now listen, so supply chain has already been -- so 
normally we would do at some places -- we -- this is more on storage of certain 
commodities, especially on the wheat side, where the things are not to be very sound. 
So, you will see a reflection of this in the coming quarters, where the cost will be -- the 
debited costs will be accommodated, will settle down in this quarter some and the next 
quarter some. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay, will this… 
Anoop Bector:  
This is just the carrying costs, which will actually…  
Mayur Parkeria:  
Yeah. I understood. But will this have any kind of impact on the gross margins, 
whether positive or adverse in the next coming quarters? 
Anoop Bector:  
They will not be -- there's nothing going to be adverse. So, it cannot be positive 
because we've already booked the cost. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. 
Manu Talwar:  
There will be nothing adverse. Yeah. 
Mayur Parkeria:  
Okay. Last question. Sir on the bread side, when we see into the market, there are many 
value-added products, which are there in terms of – on the bread category as an overall. 
Do we have any plans to go that side right now, or first we know, it's just the right now 
the B2B supply and our own basic product, which is there or how do we see that part of 
the business and some medium term understanding on that? 
Anoop Bector:  
Ishaan, you want to take it? 
Ishaan Bector: 
Yeah. So, for us, currently, we are still a small player in the entire game. For us, our 
focus is going to be to firstly get what we have out there, increase our distribution, 
increase our presence, open up in more cities, and we see that as a natural form of 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
growth for a growing brand. On the premiumization bit, we are always testing the 
boundaries of premiumization and we've always done so in the past with breads such as 
the footlong breads that we launched, the paninis that we've launched. So, we will 
continue to work on introducing premium varieties, but with the aim that they should 
be available or be readily acceptable by the larger audience rather than a very niche 
customer. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. So mass -- within that mass or mass premium? 
Ishaan Bector: 
Mass premium. So, they are going to be premium varieties, but we would like to 
develop these markets, like our experience with footlongs also has been that, yes, there 
is a market, but to get the consumer into the habit of taking a footlong home and getting 
him to make a footlong is a journey, which, I would say we as a brand are first movers 
in and we are trying to create a market, and I'm sure that over time, this will lead to 
higher brand recognition for us, premiumization. But the idea should always be to have 
these products where we can sell volumes in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir and congratulations on a good set of numbers. I 
would like to know, if I am not wrong, you’ve given – you said in the quarter 1 con call 
that you aspire to do somewhere around 13% to 14% margins. Sir, as of now, it seems 
that on the raw material side, there more or less, the volatility has reduced a bit and in 
taking into consideration that can be saved by Q4, you might have a chance to reach 
around that 13% to 14% margin, Q4 of FY ’22. 
Anoop Bector: 
Yeah. Going forward, we are seeing certain decrease in the cost and we surely see 
improvement coming in going forward. And by Q4, we would look at touching the 
numbers what we've estimated at. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Right. Yeah. So my second question of mine, sir during your management 
commentary, you said that the new land that is what we purchased in Khopoli for the 
factory, should be completed by FY ’24-‘25. If this is the same factory, which is going 
to cost around -- including the factory around INR75 crore, right, if I'm not wrong. 
Anoop Bector: 
Yeah. So till we are in the working process. So by the time things are finalized, we'll be 
coming back to you with the exact numbers on what we are planning to do and so, the 
target date is ’24-’25. Land is already in possession. We have sent our papers for 
approval -- for the necessary approval to the government. And once we have it, then, 
everything else will move ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Because -- if I’m not wrong, in the quarter, one management commentary, you 
said that we expect to start the production in October 2023. Is there any? 
Anoop Bector:  
Yeah. So there has been a slight change in plan, because, we are also -- with this 
journey, you're seeing a 50% growth coming in, in the bakery side, right? 100% growth 
coming in approximately in the two years. So, there are very dynamic changes 
happening. So, while our planning was happening, there are certain changes happened, 
where we had to directionally make certain amendments in our needs, which were -- 
which are to be met in the future. And so, that is the reason why there was a bit of 
delay. We were running -- because in this plan, there was a small need for more land. 
So that land acquiring took us further time. And therefore, this whole process got 
delayed, but otherwise, we are sure that the factory is coming up, and in the next -- by 
next three months, we'll be able to give forward to everyone, our complete plan on 
what is happening there. 
Moderator:  
Mr. Kapoor, does that answer all your questions? 
Anoop Bector:  
Hello., 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                    November 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator:  
As there are no further questions from participants, I would like to hand the floor back 
to the management for closing comments. Please go ahead, sir. 
Anoop Bector: 
Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you everyone for joining us. I hope we 
have been able to answer all your queries. In case you require any further details, you 
may please contact us or Orient Capital, our investor relationship partners. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Mrs. 
Bectors Food Specialities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
