 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Apollo Tyres Ltd. 3rd Floor, Areekal Mansion, Panampilly Nagar, Kochi 682036, India 
CIN: L25111KL1972PLC002449, Tel No. + 91 484 4012046, Fax No. +91 484 4012048, Email:info.apollo@apollotyres.com 
 
ATL/SEC/21  
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 22, 2022 
 
The Secretary, 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001.  
 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai  - 400 051 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference call 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that a Conference Call for the analysts and investors to discuss the 
financial and operational performance of the Company was held on November 15, 2022. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call. The same has also been placed on the website 
of the Company i.e. https://corporate.apollotyres.com/investors/ir-updates/ 
  
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Sincerely 
For APOLLO TYRES LTD 
 
 
 
(SEEMA THAPAR) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
SEEMA 
THAPAR
Digitally signed by 
SEEMA THAPAR 
Date: 2022.11.22 
15:02:48 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
Apollo Tyres Ltd Q2 FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Hello, everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. On behalf of IIFL Securities, 
I welcome you all to the 2Q FY23 Results Conference Call of Apollo Tyres. From 
the management team, we have with us Mr Neeraj Kanwar, Vice Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr Gaurav Kumar, Chief Financial Officer and the 
Investor Relations team. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to Mr Kanwar for his opening remarks, post which 
we'll start the Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Good morning, good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to 
Apollo Tyres' quarter 2 earnings call. Let me start the call with thanking you all 
for your interest in the company and taking the time out for today's call. I'm 
proud to share that our biggest plant in India, which is in Chennai, has been 
awarded the Deming's Prize this year, the most important recognition in the 
field of quality. This, once again, highlights our absolute focus on world-class 
quality. 
 
We, at Apollo, are relentlessly working on delivering superior financial 
performance in terms of profitability, free cash flows and return on capital 
employed, both in the midterm, while also preparing for the future. The 
business model today is far more balanced and resilient. This has helped us 
report double-digit Y-o-Y growth in both consolidated top line and 
consolidated operating profit despite a very, very challenging environment. 
The current quarter was once again, impacted by increase in RM prices, both 
in India and in Europe. 
 
In addition, we also witnessed steep increase in energy costs, especially in 
Europe. Despite these challenges, the company has reported sequential 
improvement in operating-margin performance both in India and in Europe. 
We have been extremely judicious about CapEx and have curtailed the 
same in the first half given the challenging business environment. This has 
ensured that our balance sheet leveraging remains within reasonable levels. 
 
I would now also make a brief mention of work being done on our key pillars 
of our Vision 2026. Starting with R&D. We are working on new-age 
technologies to support our premiumisation journey. We are leveraging 
advanced technologies like foam technology and sealants to support our 
electric-vehicle journey. The teams are working on further improvements in 
rolling resistance and noise reduction to support development of EV tyres. I'm 
also pleased to share that, in the quarter, we were the first company in India 
to get a 5-star rating for commercial vehicle tyres. 
 
Moving to digitalisation. We are leveraging technology to transform ourselves 
on various fronts. We have started seeing initial efficiency gains from artificial 
intelligence and machine learning and have further increased our focus on 
data science to drive improvements on productivity and sweating of our 
assets. This initiative will, again, help us in improving our ROCE and reduce our 
growth CapEx. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Another key area of focus is Sustainability. Apollo Tyres has a commitment of 
becoming carbon-neutral by 2050, aligning with the European Green Deal. 
We are committed to a target of 25% renewable energy by 2026. This will 
translate to 25% reduction in Scope 2 intensity for the company in FY26. We 
are also committed to target 25% reduction in water-withdrawal intensity by 
2026. 
 
We continue to focus on enriching our product mix and superior-price 
positioning of our product across geographies. We are seeing signs of 
recovery in the commercial-vehicle cycle and a strong momentum on the 
passenger vehicle side in India. Given the recent corrections in commodities 
and our continued focus on price and profitable growth, we expect revenue 
growth and recovery in operating margins going forward. 
 
Thank you, once again. Stay safe. Now I'll pass on to Gaurav, our CFO. Thank 
you. Gaurav, over to you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Neeraj, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Continuing 
from where Neeraj left, let me move now to the performance for the last 
quarter. In India, the quarter started on a weaker note with replacement 
demand in July and August impacted by subdued market, unfavorable rain 
distribution and steep price increases. 
 
On the other hand, we saw a healthy demand momentum in the OEM 
segment. However, more importantly, we were able to take pricing actions 
during the quarter linked to our mantra of profitable growth, which helped us 
negate the impact of higher raw material costs and also partially impact the 
sequential drop in revenues. The European Operations reported another 
healthy quarter with significant revenue increase. We registered market share 
improvement across all product segments. 
 
Operating margins in Europe improved sequentially, despite increase in RM 
cost and a steep inflation in energy costs. European market is beginning to 
show some signs of slowdown. We, however, continue to follow our strategy 
of premiumisation, with a focus towards increasing the UHP mix and gaining 
market share. In terms of outlook, as Neeraj mentioned, we expect the 
demand in India to pick up in the replacement segment and a growth in 
volumes and revenues going forward. 
 
Moving on to the financial results. The consolidated revenue for the quarter 
stood at almost INR 60 billion, a growth of 17% over the same quarter last year, 
though flattish on a sequential basis. The consolidated EBITDA for the quarter 
was upwards of INR 7 billion, a margin of 12% compared to 12.6% for the same 
period last year, but an improvement sequentially, which was 11.6% in the last 
quarter. 
 
Coming to the balance sheet. We've been able to maintain our leverage 
ratio given the focus on cash flows, curtailing of CapEx. The net debt-to-
EBITDA for the consolidated operations, was under 2, in line with our vision 
target. In Indian Operations, the revenue for the quarter was INR 42.5 billion, 
a growth of 17% over the same quarter last year. This growth was largely 
driven by improvements in mix and the price increase taken. Sequentially, the 
revenue was a decline of 4%. The EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 4.4 billion, 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
a margin of 10.3%, which was same as what was reported for last year and 
an improvement from the sequential quarter, which was 9.7%. 
 
Moving on to European Operations. The revenue for the quarter was EUR 181 
million, up a significant 31% compared to the same period last year. This was 
a result of 10% growth in volumes and the balance coming through price-
and-mix improvement. We continue to make inroads into the market and 
grow. The EBITDA for the quarter stood at EUR 28 million, a margin of 15.3% 
compared to 14.5% in the last quarter. 
 
With this, I would conclude my opening comments. Thank you. We would be 
happy to take your questions. 
 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
We will start with the first question from Ashutosh Tiwari. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
So firstly, on India side, the entire growth Y-o-Y is driven by only pricing. Was 
there any volume growth as well? If we can break up it in OEM and 
Replacement as well? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the volume growth, Ashutosh, was very minimal under 1%. And hence, it 
was largely price and mix. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. But any color on replacement and OEM breakup? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just a minute. The replacement volumes, overall, though you would 
appreciate that across product categories, it becomes difficult. It was down 
mid-single digits. And the OEM and exports grew into double digits. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Even exports are growing in double digits as of now? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, for the last quarter, yes. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. And we did very well in Europe. Can you highlight like which markets 
or countries are doing very well for us? But 10% in this environment is pretty 
good in terms of volume growth? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Let me take that, Gaurav. I think, overall, our focus has been in markets where 
we were not present at all, which is really France and Spain. They've done 
very fairly good for us. Again, Germany and Netherlands continue to do good 
for us. So overall, the focus of the company in Europe has been to go on to 
the higher sizes, and that's where our technology has done good in our 
products. 
 
And UHP and UUHP has now become a major share of our entire pie. That is 
also giving expansion on our profit gain. So, more and more focus is coming 
on the ultra-high performance tyres, which will give us growth not only in 
revenue, plus it will also give us growth in EBITDA margins. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
So, if I remember correctly, your market share in France and Spain was pretty 
low, I think less than 2% or something. So there, we are seeing improvement 
now? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Yes, it's less than 1%. A lot of brand activities have happened in France. A 
whole new organisation structure has been put in place. Recently, in 
October, we sponsored the 20K marathon in Paris. So there's a lot of brand 
activity going on in France, and that is giving us some market-share gains. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
And lastly, on the margin side in Europe, I think we have seen quarter-on-
quarter improvement. And in fact, this is coming on a higher-selling price. So 
probably your profitability is not at all impacted. How should one look at it 
going ahead? Will -- because I think you remember that we have probably 
hedged our energy costs for some time. So how should one look at European 
profitability, say, for next year? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Well, as we speak, energy prices are very high in Europe. But as you 
mentioned that we have hedged our energy costs, and therefore, there is a 
respite as far as our manufacturing cost is concerned. But there's clear focus 
on growth on revenue and on profitability. And so going forward, we'll 
continue with the same trend. We have reached last year at highest, and 
now we are seeing commodity prices weakening a little bit. And therefore, 
we will see some margin expansion happening. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Just one more question on the inventory side, we have seen inventory 
increasing at consol level in balance sheet, so how should -- why it happened 
and how should one look at, say, from, let's say, in the second half? How 
should one look at cash flows, especially operating cash flow and CapEx as 
well? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, will you comment? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So Ashutosh, if you look at 2 regions, a little bit of subdued demand in 
replacement in India and also the fact that we went after profitable growth, 
took the lead on price increases, did have some impact on replacement 
volumes, which have translated into inventory. 
 
On the Europe Operations, this is a fairly seasonal impact where we build up 
inventory for the winter tyre season. So that's the impact of inventory that you 
see. Some of it will get corrected automatically as the normal season unfolds, 
but we are focused on the fact that there has been an inventory buildup and 
a correction is needed. 
 
Similarly, on the CapEx front, we were significantly under, let's say, 50% of the 
overall guidance. And we will continue to monitor the situation very sharply 
on the overall market cash flows to make sure that we spend the CapEx 
judiciously. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
So basically, second half, the cash flow should improve operating side 
essentially? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct. 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. I think we are managing our cash flow as well as cost pretty well 
because if I look at India, also stand-alone, other expenses have fallen 
quarter-on-quarter. So, congrats for that. 
 
Moderator: 
Next in queue, we have Siddhartha Bera. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, first, on this replacement truck demand outlook. Q2 has been soft. We 
understand, especially it's a seasonally soft quarter as well, but some color on 
how you are looking at growth in the current quarter and going ahead? How 
is the growth outlook? And in case -- I mean we know that you have been 
slightly ahead of the curve in taking price hikes, and there has been some 
market share loss as well. So, if you can comment how you are looking at 
growth versus market share now in the coming few quarters? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Sure. Okay. So, for us, the whole mantra has been profitable growth, while we 
will be looking at gaining market shares. But today, in India -- let me discuss 
India and Europe separately. 
 
In India, what has happened is we have increased prices over time. We are 
clearly the price leaders in truck and in passenger car. And every segment of 
the market, Apollo now has established its price premium, okay? And 
therefore, the gap between us and competition was huge in quarter 2. And, 
we did lose a little bit market share in truck-bus radial, but the company 
continues to introduce new SKUs, new products in TBR. And therefore, our new 
price position has been well established with the dealer network. 
 
Now the gap has narrowed as far as pricing is concerned. We believe the CV 
cycle is on the up. We see order books are full coming from OEMs. And 
therefore, we believe that the economy is moving in the right direction. Given 
that, we are all poised today as far as our marketing networks are concerned, 
to go and grab back that market share, at the premium pricing, and 
therefore, you will see margins expansion happening in India. Also as far as 
PCR is concerned, order books are full, and we are seeing that from the likes 
of Maruti, Hyundai orders are already coming in much more than what they 
were pre-COVID time. So, there is growth coming in the market in quarter 3 
and quarter 4. 
 
As far as Europe is concerned, with the Russia-Ukraine war, what has 
happened is that close to 10 million to 12 million tyres were coming in from 
Russia into EU. Now that itself has now stopped because of the sanctions that 
are coming. So that gives Apollo a chance to get into various networks where 
those tyres were available coming in from Russia, and that's where we have 
gained market share, and this will continue. 
 
Today, our plants are running in Europe at nearly full capacity. In fact, we are 
also bringing in close to 1 - 1.5 million tyres from India. We are trying to service 
the passenger car market in Europe because we see a huge growth for 
specifically the Vredestein brand. And I believe that the growth is there for us, 
given this void that has come from Russia. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. Second question is on the Average Selling Price. So if I look at your 
ASP for the quarter, given the volumes you said, I think the ASPs would have 
increased by about 5% quarter-on-quarter. So is it a correct assessment? And 
if that has -- is it entirely because of price hikes? And any more price hikes did 
you take in the last couple of months, for October, November? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, you want to comment? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. Siddhartha, you are correct that the -- sequentially, we took a price 
increase about close to 5%. There have been no further price hikes taken in 
the current quarter. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, on the cost side, so we have seen some costs also coming 
down in the quarter 2 across both staff as well as other costs. If you can also 
highlight what has led to this? And should we expect some of these costs to 
normalize? Or these are probably the sustainable costs we should look 
forward to? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, do you want to answer? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Regarding the staff cost lowering is on account of lower production. So some 
of it is linked to production. And as demand comes in and our production 
volumes increase, they will normalize. The fixed cost, again, is a whole system 
that we've put in place of keeping a tight check vis-a-vis where the overall 
operations are going. So yes, if the demand picks up, some of them will go 
back to earlier levels, but not otherwise. 
 
Moderator: 
Next, we have Raghunandhan. 
 
Raghunandhan: 
Sir, on the commodity side, what was the inflation impact? How much did the 
RM costs go up in Q2? And what is the deflation impact you're expecting in 
Q3? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, in Q2, Raghu, the RM cost went up by about 3%. And in Q3, we are 
expecting around a similar reduction. 
 
Raghunandhan: 
That's good to hear, sir. And can you also talk about, in terms of truck-and-
bus segment, how do you see the volume improvement going ahead in 
replacement market? And broadly, what range of growth would you expect 
for the full year? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
We will look at a double-digit growth. We are already -- like I mentioned 
earlier, our order books are coming out to be full in this quarter and the 
coming quarter. So, we are pretty bullish about seeing a revival of the CV 
segment. Given all the infrastructure costs that the government is putting in, 
we are seeing an uptake happening in the CV segment. 
 
Raghunandhan: 
Sir, can you also talk about the EV journey? So, in terms of the new-product 
introduction, how you're seeing adaptations in terms of making the product 
match that rolling resistance and better grip? And how does the content per 
vehicle increase for an EV tyre compared to ICE tyre on a like-to-like basis? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Well, EV tyre -- and you said rolling resistance and noise level. Those are the 
main things. And today, even before EV tyres came out, and as you know, 
we have launched EV tyres in India. In the next month, we are launching EV 
tyres in Europe. These aspects or these contributors of rolling resistance and 
noise level have already been incorporated into our tyres when we are selling 
them to OEMs. So there is no major difference. Yes, obviously, a little bit 
tweaking is required. In India, EV tyres is yet to pick up. But I believe that in 
Europe, we'll have a good marketplace for our EV products that are going to 
come out, in fact, next few years. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Raghunandhan: 
But the content of the pricing per tyre would increase in single digits or would 
it be much higher? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
You mean the raw material costs? 
 
Raghunandhan: 
No, price of tyre? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, do you have any answer on that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Raghu, I won't have the details readily. We can come back to you through 
the IR team. 
 
Raghunandhan: 
Sir, just a last question. Can you give us -- can you share the commodity cost 
for the various commodities, natural rubber, synthetic rubber, et cetera? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So natural rubber, this quarter was around INR 185 per kg, synthetic 
rubber at INR 210, carbon black at about INR 140 and nylon fabric at INR 385 
per kg. 
 
Raghunandhan: 
And the current price of rubber plus the logistic cost, that should translate into 
around INR 160 per kg in the coming quarters? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
It will still depend on how the rubber price unfolds. But yes, INR 160 or maybe 
a little bit more, but definitely lower than what was there in the last quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Next in line, we have Amyn Pirani. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
First, a question on the India business and really a 2-part question. So, when I 
look at your product segmentation, like truck and bus has come down from 
60% to 55% on a half-year basis. But when I look at your channel, the 
replacement is down only from 60% to 58%. So, would it be fair to say that your 
strategy of taking price hikes ahead of competition is impacting your 
replacement market share more on the TBR side rather than on the passenger 
vehicle side? Is that a correct understanding? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Yes. it is the correct understanding. Our strategy is, as I mentioned to you, is 
on profitable growth. We are not going after dropping our prices and gaining 
market share. That's not my strategy. My strategy is to improve our ROCE, like 
I mentioned to you, get more free cash flows into the company, and 
obviously, have a premium product out there in the market. 
 
Now that the price has narrowed and competition has come up with their 
pricing strategy, we still continue to be the price leaders in TBR. Okay, don't 
misunderstand what I say. Keeping that level now with a 3% to 4% price gap 
between us and the second competitor, we believe we'll be able to go and 
get better growth from quarter 2. Because we have also introduced new SKUs 
into the market. We have also introduced new policies into the market. So 
keeping EBITDA in mind, keeping profit margin in mind, we will now start 
increasing our volumes into the replacement market. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
And how is the underlying replacement market for TBR doing? I mean, 
obviously, we've heard these comments that OEM has been doing well from 
you and from other sources also that, but the replacement was a bit soft. But 
has that picked up materially? And what are the drivers of that? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Like I mentioned to you earlier that basically the drivers are the government 
spending going into infrastructure and road transportation is really helping the 
CV cycle coming back. And that is going to make the CV cycle come, and 
TBR is now the main product category that is going to be taken by the 
truckers. OEMs today are already at 75% of radialization, 75% to 80%. So, this 
is where Apollo is standing tall as a radial leader in the Indian tyre market. So, 
all our products in radial, whether in truck or in passenger car or in light trucks, 
even in farm category, are at premium-price positions with highest volumes 
that are going into the market. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
And one question on Europe. It seems that the winter is likely to be less severe 
or not really a very cold winter. Now how should we think about -- because I 
mean, 3Q is generally a very strong quarter for you because of your winter 
tyres. And you'll -- like you said that you have built up inventory for the same. 
So what is the initial sense? Is there an impact on the winter tyre demand 
because of a milder winter? And what's the outlook like for the -- I guess, you 
only have like a few more weeks to do that kind of a sale, right? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, do you want to answer? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Amyn, you're right. So, there are signs of slowdown in Europe, given the 
overall environment and until now, winter has been mild. We are still growing, 
though halfway into the quarter, I would say the growth is at a slower pace 
compared to what we have seen in the first half. But the growth story will 
continue. We are gaining market share and will continue to do that as we 
push into strategic markets, into strategic geographies where we were not 
present or weaker. But yes, the pace of growth would probably come down. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
On this, I also believe that the winter months have shifted. So, this is my own 
belief, I think that the months have shifted to Jan, Feb, March. But the buying 
will continue because we are seeing now winter coming in, in Austria, parts of 
Switzerland, parts of French Alps. The snow has come in. So it's a late start. And 
these times, it goes into March, April also. So really the skiing season is going 
into March, April. That's where the winter tyres are also required. So, I believe 
that quarter 4 will also have some winter tyre sale happening. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. So, you're saying the seasonality itself, the way we see it might change, 
and hence, we shouldn't just focus on 3Q? Fair enough. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Yes. And it's -- I guess, got to do with global warming. And the signs are that, 
in the month of October, we saw U.K. London record a very high degree of 
temperature, which is totally different than what it used to be. So, things are 
now -- I think there are changing seasons. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Next, we have Disha Sheth. 
 
Disha Sheth: 
So, wanted to check as since we are not increasing our prices anymore 
because raw material is coming down and the volume growth in this quarter 
was only 1%. So, going forward, how is the volume going to come? Because 
we do not have price growth and volume, you said it is more from the OEM 
level, right now, replacement is not that -- growing that fast. So how will be 
the volume growth? And in terms of realization and margins, because if we 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
have more growth from OEM, the margins will get impacted. So, if you can 
share your views on the same. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Disha, the price increases that we have taken continue with the rollover 
effect vis-a-vis last year, while sequentially the growth in Q3, would be only 
volume-driven. But on a year-on-year basis, the price impact of the price 
increases taken over the last 12 months will still come into play. 
 
On your second point, we are seeing signs of pickup in replacement, and 
that's specifically the CV segment. On the passenger car segment, et cetera, 
that market was already strong, and we are a leader there. So, we believe 
that the operating margins will only improve going forward if the current 
market situation remains. 
 
Disha Sheth: 
Okay. And OEM will not impact our margins? Just again asking the same 
question, but because the growth is more towards OEM. So that is how... 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
No -- sorry, I didn't mean it is only OEM, I said OEM is a driver for replacement 
market. OEM currently was at a very low level. And now the order books are 
full. So, you will see a growth in the replacement market, definitely. 
 
Disha Sheth: 
Sure. And last question, sir, if you can say, our debt levels and current debt -- 
net debt levels are at? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just a minute, Disha. So the net debt for the India Operations is about INR 
4,200 crore. And for consol, the net debt is about a little under INR 5,500 crore. 
 
Disha Sheth: 
Okay. And CapEx for FY23 and '24? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
'24, we haven't yet firmed up. We want to see where the markets are going. 
The CapEx in the first half of the year is under INR 400 crore on a consolidated 
basis. 
 
Disha Sheth: 
And sir, going forward, do you expect volume in mid-single digit or double 
digit, considering OEM replacement and exports? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Overall, for the year, Disha, we would expect the volumes to be in mid-single 
digits, and then they will start picking up and then the volume growth will 
accelerate going into next year. 
 
Moderator: 
Next, we have Nishit Jalan. 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. My first question is on the replacement side, 
I just wanted to understand from an industry perspective, tyre quality is 
consistently improving across segments. So just wanted to hear your thoughts. 
Are you seeing some signs that replacement cycle is getting longer, which is 
having some impact on demand? So just wanted to understand what was 
the replacement growth in FY22 and first half FY23? And is it a reason why a 
replacement demand is a little bit subdued because tyre quality is increasing 
and the life of the tyre will probably would be going up? Your thoughts on 
this, please. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
I don't think life of the tyre is increasing. I think the infrastructure growth is 
actually taking the CV cycle up. The numbers, Gaurav, you can give him. But 
please understand, there is a recession all over the world. India is least 
affected today, when you compare economies, when you compare Europe 
or the U.S. or even for that matter, China. And India is the least affected 
because of the infrastructure spends that are going into the country. When 
infrastructure is going into the country, the first thing that is going to pick up is 
the CV, and that is what exactly what we are saying. Whether it is in the 
replacement or in the OE, both segments where you will see bullish numbers 
going forward. 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
Okay. Gaurav, if you have a replacement segment growth overall for FY22 
and 1H FY23? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, in the current year, Nishit, for the first half, the overall replacement growth 
is -- volume growth is just about 1%. 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
And second question is on Europe. Right now, I think what you mentioned in 
the last call is that we have hedged the energy cost, and that is valid for even 
4Q also, right? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That is correct. 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
Now when we look over and move over to FY23, how should we look at that? 
Because obviously, energy cost has gone up quite substantially. So will it be a 
meaningful impact on our other expenses or our power energy cost? Or do 
you think something that is manageable and will not have an impact on 
profitability? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Nishit, we've taken hedges of different percentages for future years. So 
obviously, we've benefited from a much larger proportion of energy hedged 
for the current year, which is FY23. But a reasonable proportion of energy cost 
is hedged for FY24 also. And given the way the prices have swung, it is 
something that is reviewed by a committee at corporate and regional level 
every fortnight in terms of looking at the spot price and the future price to 
take a decision if we should hedge more. 
 
So, it is something under active review, and we are conscious that we'll try 
and manage that as much as possible. Difficult to say as of now as to where 
in FY24, which is even the start of that is 6 months out, as to finally where we 
will end. But it's something to be watched very carefully, but we have 
reasonable proportion even in FY24 hedged. So, we are not completely 
subject to the mercy of spot prices. 
 
Moderator: 
The next in the queue is Jinesh Gandhi. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes. So continuing on the energy-cost question for the European Operations. 
So can you give some context of what has been our average cost for energy 
in, say, for FY23 and where we are in terms of energy cost currently? And what 
proportion of our energy requirement would have been hedged for FY24? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So Jinesh, I would not have those details readily in terms of specific figures. 
And I don't think we can share them that readily. Broadly, we had hedged 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
about close to 80% of our energy costs for FY23. As I said, FY24 is under 
constant review. So, there's not a fixed figure that I have as of now. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, continuing on the European Operations, we are 
almost at 100% capacity currently. Can you throw light on what is our current 
capacity in Europe? And how do we see that going up in terms of ramp up 
in the next 12 months? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the current capacity in Hungary is now getting close to 16,000 tyres per 
day based on various debottlenecking. Currently, we are operating 
somewhere around the 14,000 - 14,500. So, there is a scope as to go up and 
operate at the peak capacity which will give about let's say, high single digits 
to about 10%, in terms of volume. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right. And 16,000 would be the peak? I mean there will not be any further 
scope of debottlenecking there? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
No. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. And there will be scope for brownfield expansion if we decide to do in 
terms of the infrastructure is there? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And second question on the price hikes taken in Europe, if you can talk 
about that? I mean a 10% volume growth and 21% average ASP increase, 
how much of that would be through price hikes? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
A large part of it would be price hikes. You could take low to mid-single digits 
as mix improvement. There is a constant improvement in our UHP proportion. 
To give you a sense, about 4 - 5 years back, our UHP proportion used to be in 
early 20s in the overall passenger car segment. That, currently, now is in 40s. 
So while quarter-to-quarter, there's not a significant movement, but the 
operations over the span of 4 to 5 years have almost doubled their proportion 
of UHP in passenger car segment. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. And last question on exports. So many of your peers, both in tyres and 
other segments of auto components have talked about exports seeing 
moderation. So, are you also seeing similar trends in terms of the export growth 
getting moderated and pressures coming in second half? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct, Jinesh. We are seeing subdued demand coming from exports 
going forward as economies around the world demand falls. So yes, exports 
growth may taper down. 
 
Moderator: 
Next, we have Arvind Sharma. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
It's on the pricing. As you said that there has been some market share loss 
because of pricing. Now that commodity cost pressures are expected to 
come down, could there be a scenario where you either trim prices or maybe 
launch better tyres at the current price? So, could pricing action reverse over 
the coming months, given the commodity cost pressures are easing? That will 
be the first question. And second question, if I may just ask with this. Your 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
numbers on reifencom revenue and EBITDA in euro terms. Those are my 2 
questions. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Pricing as far as India is concerned in the replacement market, I said, is well 
established. So, we don't see any reductions as far as replacement is 
concerned. But as far as OEs are concerned, we have a pricing formula with 
them. So, we do get a price increase when commodity prices go up, and 
then we do get a decrease when they come down. So that's based on a 
pricing formula. As far as Reifen is concerned, Gaurav, can you give him the 
number? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. So, the Reifen revenues for the quarter were EUR 46 million. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
And Gaurav, the EBITDA, if possible to share? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
EBITDA was breakeven in this quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Next in queue, we have Devang Shah. 
 
Devang Shah: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. So, some of the questions I have 
had been answered. Could you share your guidance for Q3 and Q4 on 
revenues and EBITDA margins as you see them, if you could? And also, there 
was a mention that there's a 3% saving on raw materials expected in Q3. That 
means 3% on raw material or 3% overall? This will feed into the EBITDA as well, 
so either way you could answer it. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Devang, we don't give out specific margin guidance. So, we would not 
be able to share that. We expect the raw material basket to come down by 
3%. Based on the demand uptick that we see and easing up of the 
commodity/ the raw material basket, we expect the margins to improve 
going forward. In terms of revenue, overall, we would expect India 
Operations to still end up with about a 20% growth on the top line. 
 
Devang Shah: 
This is Y-o-Y or for Q3? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
No, this is full year FY23 over '22. 
 
Devang Shah: 
Okay. And in terms of your possibility of exports to Europe, is there a plan -- 
does that also work given that Europe is operating at nearly full capacity and 
India is at around 80% capacity, so is that a possibility? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So as Neeraj mentioned, Devang, we already export significant quantity of 
passenger car tyres from India to Europe, and that will continue. That's a 
decision that, along with the regions, the global supply chain takes. Even on 
the truck side, there is exports from India to Europe. So that possibility is 
definitely there. 
 
Moderator: 
That brings us to the end of the call. I'd like to thank the management for 
taking out time for this call. I'd also like to thank all the participants for joining 
in. Have a good day. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you. 
