 
 
 
 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza,  5th Floor 
Plot C 1 – G  Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra ( E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: SHRIRAMPPS 
BSE Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code : 543419 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor / Analyst Meet  
Further to our intimation of conference call with Investors/ Analyst, we enclose the transcript 
of the conference call held on November 15, 2022.  
The above transcript is also available on the website of our Company at 
https://www.shriramproperties.com/corporate/investors/investor-updates/  
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you                  
Regards 
For Shriram Properties Limited 
 
 
D. Srinivasan 
Company Secretary 
FCS 5550 
Duraiswa
my 
Srinivasan
Digitally signed 
by Duraiswamy 
Srinivasan 
Date: 2022.11.21 
11:43:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Shriram Properties Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 15, 2022 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the website of the company on 15th November 2022 will 
prevail. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
MURALI 
MALAYAPPAN 
– 
CHAIRMAN 
AND 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
- 
SHRIRAM 
PROPERTIES 
LIMITED  
MR. GOPALAKRISHNAN J – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CFO – SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
MR. 
K.R 
RAMESH 
– 
EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, 
OPERATIONS – SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Shriram Properties Q2 & H1 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Murali Malayappan - Chairman and Managing Director – Shriram 
Properties Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Murali Malayappan: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. I am delighted to be here with you after 
yet another strong quarter sustaining the growth momentum since our listing. 
 
We have achieved sales volume of 1.01 million square feet is up by 52% quarter-on-quarter 
while our revenues EBITDA have seen a significant jump both on quarter-on-quarter and 
year-on-year basis, our profit for the quarter stands at 19.6 Crores while H1 profit is at 30.1 
Crores against the full year profit of 18 Crores in FY2022. We are focused on timely launch 
of 8 plus new projects in H2 to support our volume growth. During the quarter we have 
handed over more than 700 completed units during the first half and likely to hand over 
nearly 2000 units in FY2023 which is well on track to deliver 10 million square feet during 
FY2023 to FY2025. I would like to reiterate that there is a strong visibility of our earnings 
over the next three years with a 75% of project revenues coming from volumes already sold 
till September 2022 and similarly nearly 60% of DM revenue should come from projects 
launched till date. The reliability on these earnings is  being enhanced by reaching the 
delivery targets we have set for our self. I would like to thank all our shareholders for 
placing the trust in us and we are completely focused to create value for all the stakeholders. 
 
With this I would like to hand over to my colleague Mr. Gopal to briefly discuss the 
performance and happy to answer any questions you might have thereafter. Over to you. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Thank you. Good morning everybody. This is Gopal, ED and group CFO, Shriram 
Properties. I am joined by my colleagues in this room. So we will collectively try to answer 
all the questions that you may have at the end of this presentation. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
I would like to start the presentation and assume that all of you have the copies of the 
presentation, which was posted on company’s website as well as the website of stock 
exchanges. 
 
So I will be referring to those pages in the presentation on the website. Starting with our 
brief overview of the industry. The markets have been very strong during the quarter as well 
as during the entire first six months of this current financial year. The trend has been 
reasonably positive and encouraging for all the top seven markets, having  the residential 
markets in India. Supply growth has also been robust, but has been actually matching the 
phase of demand and therefore overall inventory has been on a declining trend for the last 
few quarters and the trend continued even in Q2. 
 
We have seen the inventories across top seven cities at around 21 months now and the trend 
in southern markets are more encouraging. Pricing trend has been very encouraging as well, 
prices have started moving up as you are aware since September last year and the trend 
continued from April this year as well. So at the company level we have had a more 
encouraging trend and I will explain that in subsequent slides. 
 
Overall we see the markets remaining robust notwithstanding all the apprehensions that the 
people had about the rate hike impact on residential demand and other things. We 
understand from the industry players, that the housing loan demand appears reasonably 
strong notwithstanding the rate hike impact in the last couple of months, which clearly 
shows the customer buying trend is continuing to remain robust in the marketplace. 
 
Input cost was a concern in some of your minds few weeks, few quarters ago. I think those 
pressure have receded now back to our normal industry trends, and the spike was short-
lived during end of Q4 2022 and early part of Q1 FY2023 since then things have been on a 
declining trend. 
 
The long-term trends remain positive, remain intact, especially for mid market have the 
affordable products. We see a continued strong demand and robust outlook continuing for at 
least in next couple of years. 
 
With this backdrop let me move to slide #6 which summaries the key highlights of the 
development for the quarter and the first half. 
 
Operationally it has been one of the best periods, which we have gone through. It is a best 
ever H1 in terms of sales volume and sales value for Shriram Properties in H1 FY2023 and 
we are back at 1 million plus run rate supported by launches as well as the seasonal trend. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 24 
As you are aware we have consistently mentioned that the H2 is historically very stronger 
period for us and we see a continued strength during H2 FY2023 as well. There are three 
successful launches during the first half two in Chennai and one in Bangalore, and we have 
had each of the launches have delivered good outcome, we have had sales-at-launch metric 
that we have consistently followed at 34%. I will explain each of them in the subsequent 
slides. 
 
DM share remains robust at 30% of first half sales. From an execution perspective, some of 
you have had consistently quarried about the execution and handovers. We have handed 
over about 700 units so far in the current financial year apart from this constructed units we 
also still handed over 300 plus plots to customers. We are on track to hand over 2000 units 
in FY2023, that should support a very strong income recognition during second half as well. 
 
To support this we have actually got OC or the completion certificate, or occupancy 
certificate, each state will call it differently. We have got the necessary permissions or 
approvals to complete and hand over to customers and therefore registrations have begun in 
a project called Southern Crest in Bangalore, also in Grand One where we got the approvals 
in first quarter, the registrations are continuing. 
 
We have more of couple of projects were completed portfolio, which is Park 63 first phase 
as well as Summitt in Bangalore. Both these projects now no longer part of our project 
pipeline as they move to complete it. Our ongoing projects appear on track well within there 
are timelines and that is an encouraging progress for us. 
 
From a financial performance perspective, it has been a very strong quarter both quarter-on-
quarter and year-on-year. You will see that in subsequent slides, but fundamentally 
revenues are up by about 112% quarter-on-quarter, 240% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA is 
up 44% quarter-on-quarter and 138% year-on-year basis. 
 
Half year results are even more encouraging with overall revenue from operations of about 
380 Crores or Rs.3.8 billion and total revenues of Rs.4.2 billion or 420 Crores. Our total 
revenues have nearly tripled year-on-year basis. Our EBITDA is higher by about 2.6 times 
at 86.8 Crores on a year-on-year basis. Our net earnings were around 30 Crores PAT, it is 
almost 1.7 times at our full year profit that we did in FY2022 supported by income 
recognition into projects we have been able to reach this point. Rest of operations are under 
satisfactory progress is there, operation cost are under control supporting margins and 
profitability, debt reduction and cost reductions efforts are continuing and making 
meaningful impact on our P&L as you would see impact. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
From a business development and pipeline perspective, we have had a satisfactory progress, 
we added two projects with about 1.2 million square feet this quarter, and pipeline now has 
about 54 projects with a 54 million square feet of development potential. It includes 24 
million square feet across 26 projects in the ongoing project category. Out of the 24 million 
ongoing 23 million belongs to Shriram and 1 million belongs to land owner share. Out of 
the 23 million square feet we have already sold as of September 30th we have sold 21 
million square feet, that is almost 90% of our ongoing projects have been sold and we have 
zero inventory in our completed portfolio. So we seem to be running well on the right track 
in terms of sales as well as execution. 
 
As you are aware may have noted from the press release made earlier this month earlier we 
have signed an MOU for our platform arrangement with ASK investment partners for a 500 
Crores investment platform for investment in residential real estate projects in Bangalore, 
Chennai and Hyderabad, and this platform has taken off with the first project of plotted 
development project in North Bangalore, already conceived and definitive agreement signed 
between the partners for the first project under this platform already. 
 
Our LOGOS deal is progressing well at Kolkata, and also as the last point is about the 
Xander Development Management project that we have in Chennai is now fully completed 
and we expect to see cash inflows of about 130 Crores as a DM fee of which 10 Crores is 
received and the remaining should come through during second half of this year. 
 
Overall therefore in a nutshell very encouraging performance for the first six months as well 
as Q2 and current operations give us the confidence that we are in a right track to deliver 
full year expectation that we have for the guidance that we have given. 
 
Now looking closer on slide #7. Looking just closer on the Q2 and then before I move to 
H1. In terms of Q2 our sales volumes were about 1.01 million square feet up 52% year-on-
year. Sales value is about 4.3 billion or 434 Crores up 39% year-on-year. Our collections 
and constructions have been almost stable compared to the Q1 levels. Collections have been 
running at a good run rate of about 100 to 110 Crores per month we expect to see it moving 
up to about 110 to 120 Crores band in second half, and construction got spending got 
delayed little bit because of unseasonal rains and excessive monsoon in some of our core 
project areas. We expect that to regain momentum with the monsoon nearly coming to an 
end in the southern part of the country. So overall it has been good quarter on a quarter-on-
quarter basis, as well as on a year-on-year basis, if you would see that in subsequent parts. 
 
In slide #8, first half trends, 7% year-on-year growth in presales volume, 27% growth in 
sales value, 13% growth in collections, construction nearly flat as I said earlier. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
Moving to slide #9, the launches. We had a very good response to all the three launches that 
we did. This is slightly lower than what we had traditionally done. These three launches 
during first half, two launches got delayed by a couple of weeks for approval and RERA 
requirements have been moved to H2 Q3 and Q4 has very strong pipeline lined up with the 
necessary approvals are also visible, and for the project that we have launched during H1 
Park 63 is a new phase of our existing project. Golden Acres and Eden 144 both are plotted 
development projects, the first one is in Chennai and the Eden 144 is in Bangalore. Eden 
was launched in September within, and it sold about 74% in September itself by now we 
have almost 100% sold this small plotted development DM project. So overall it has been 
an encouraging sales trend, sales at launch has been about 34% average for the first half, we 
think that therefore can be sustained in the coming quarter as well. 
 
Moving to slide #10 on the pricing trend. As you are  aware September last year is when we 
started focusing on ramping up price supported by robust demand underlying demand and 
therefore as you may remember or recall second half last year we did about 8% average 
portfolio level price hike ranging from 3% to 16% price hike in H2 FY2022. On top of that 
we have seen good increase in pricing across projects, just try to compare same projects for 
our apple-to-apple comparison perspective try to compare the same projects to add a 
meaningful improvement from September 2021 as well as March 2022 in terms of current 
realization as of the end of September. The portfolio level it reflects 5% growth and I think 
there is strong sequential growth primarily reflects the underlying market strength. Our 
consistent effort to push the product first move up the price curve and obviously the project 
mix as well. But the underlying trend is very evident from the chart on the bottom where 
across product segment the prices have moved up, it would be misleading if you simply 
divide by our sales value by sales volume because we have a very large share of plotted 
development and a combination of mid market and affordable products and therefore this 
chart aims to highlight how each of the product segments have behaved in terms of prices. 
We are encouraged by the fact that we have now reached Rs.6000 average price benchmark 
in mid market product. We have been trying to move above that Rs.4500 square feet that we 
had about three, four years ago. So at consistent effort is paying off and market is able to 
absorb and we are able to push through the price hike without impacting volumes. 
 
With that operational part, let me move to financial part slide #12. It has been a strong 
earnings growth story. Fourth consecutive quarter of improvement since listing. We showed 
initial signs of turnaround in December 2021 results, since then the earnings have gained 
good momentum, and which his encouraging and consistent at what we have been 
expecting or indicating to all of you as a capital market participant. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
Impressive financial growth as well, both on a Q-o-Q basis as well as year-on-year basis. 
Impact of operating leverage is evident as well as project execution spends is evident. DM 
continues to remain a robust player or a key contributor to our overall financial 
performance. Our revenue recognition from key project commenced in H1 2023 should help 
deliver stronger revenues and earnings in the coming quarter as well. Our operational 
business momentum and the lead indicators give us a confidence that we will deliver 
stronger earnings in profitability in H2 as well. We are on track to therefore delivering full 
year performance as indicated to all of you in the past. 
 
Just moving little bit on the financials page #13 and #14. As I said earlier H1 FY2023 year-
on-year growth has been very impressive, revenues are more than tripled, EBITDA is more 
than 2.6 times, PAT is almost 1.7 times FY2022 earnings. Quarterly performance is equally 
impressive and both on a Q-o-Q basis sequentially from Q1 to Q2 as well as Q2 this year to 
Q2 last year on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Looking at quarterly, our quarterly revenue from operation more than tripled, on a year-on-
year basis 2.6 billion versus 760 million in Q2 last year. They were mostly by increased 
hand over momentum in Kolkata Grand One project as well as our close out happening in 
Vizag project where we are almost nearly done with most of the construction activities and 
hand over is also nearing last phase of hand overs, that Panorama Hills in Vizag as well as 
closure of our existing project in Bangalore called Summitt. More importantly this quarter 
got a big trigger from Southern Crest which is a project which got OC got delayed by 
almost few months as we mentioned last quarter where we suffered and some revenue 
expectations we had in Q1 that OC came through in September after a little bit of delay and 
this purely because of the local regulatory or the local authority approvals. Though we got 
the approval in September we manage to complete registration of 130 units as of 440 units 
there, 1.8 lakh square feet got income recognized. We handed over more than a half of this 
units to customers already and the rest of the customers are taking over their projects 
though they complete the sale deed already. 
 
Southern Crest alone accounted for about 14%, 15% of revenue recognition in H1 and 40% 
of revenues in Q2. This is our revenue from operations. Total revenues have gone up by 
about 90% quarter-on-quarter to Rs.2.76 billion reflects a growth of 193% year-on-year. 
DM remains a key player in terms of overall growth and DM contributed meaningfully even 
during this quarter. 
 
Overall cost of revenue and expenses have moved up. Cost of revenue is up about 159% 
quarter-on-quarter primarily reflects the increased area of revenue recognized and the 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 24 
change in product mix that obviously has an impact on the cost along with the revenue as 
well that we got recognized. 
 
Rest of the operating costs are under control, employee cost is higher by 8% quarter-on-
quarter primarily reflects the increments that were  announced, annual increments 
announced to entire staff based during June, and July where we paid obviously from April 
and therefore the arrears component from first quarter also got paid  in Q2 and therefore it 
looks like a 8% growth quarter-on-quarter but on a run rate basis it is up only marginally by 
about 3% to 4%. 
 
Other expenses are down about 5% quarter-on-quarter and the trend is somewhat 
meaningful even if you look at on a half yearly basis. EBITDA is more than doubled to 51.3 
Crores or Rs.513 million reflects a growth of about 44% Q-o-Q and much stronger growth 
on a Y-o-Y basis at 162% year-on-year. Overall finance cost is up 4% quarter-on-quarter 
but more importantly it is down 21% on a year-on-year basis. As you know our finance cost 
has three components actual interest outflow, the other finance cost which is primarily a 
refinancing related cost as well as the noncash charge of about 5 Crores per quarter we 
incur on a unwinding effect of our Government of West Bengal liability that we have in our 
balance sheet which is on a discounted basis in our balance sheet as a liability. So we 
unwind that impact every quarter and that is about 5 Crores. So I am focusing on interest 
expense as you could see in slide #13. 28% drop in interest expense to 37.9 Crores from 52 
Crores last year. All our noncash charge is flat, the other finance cost primarily reflects 
refinancing related charges that we should take, while we pay for refinancing cost or the 
upfront processing fee and amortized over a period of time, so therefore the new loan 
processing fee would be amortized. The unabsorbed amortized to see unamortized fees from 
the previous loan would have got charged off and that is one of the reason why you have a 
higher other finance cost during H1 at 4 Crores, other than that there are no other 
exceptional or unusual cost. Share of JV income is negative on a quarterly basis but remains 
positive on H1 basis. As you know we recognized income from our joint venture project 
called Shriram Park 63, a joint venture between Shriram Properties as a 30% share owner 
and Mitsubishi Corporation of Japan as a 70% share owner. That project got into income 
recognition last quarter. This quarter the momentum slowed down because the initial trust is 
over post festive season it gained the momentum again, but despite the positive contribution 
from Park 63 to our share of JV profits. The continuing expenses these were offset by the 
continuing expenses and the relaunch our renewed marketing effort cost related to two other 
joint ventures in Bangalore one is called 107 SouthEast in Anekal in Bangalore and Shriram 
Whitefield in Budigere Cross in Bangalore. Both these projects had a renewed marketing 
effort in advertising and sales promotion efforts. Those costs are basically offset the impact 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 24 
of Park 63 revenue recognition. Therefore, quarterly income was marginally negative. 
Taking all this into account, if I look at a net profit number, this quarter they ended with 
about 19.6 Crores compared to 10 Crores in Q1 reflects a growth of about 87% quarter-on-
quarter and for the half year our profits are at 30.1 Crores compared to a negative profit we 
have negative earnings we had in H1 FY2022. However, it is interesting important to note 
that current year first half profits are compared very interestingly against FY2022 at 18 
Crores like the sum was like 1.7 times full year profits in first half consistent with our 
expectations and guidance that we have given in the past. Very briefly on cash flows and 
balance sheet. Balance sheet remains strong, debt levels remain under control, I will talk 
about the debt in a minute. What is interesting is to see the overall ROCE trend, we have 
been very consciously and continuously focusing on the not just the margins as well as 
returns as well. For the full year if you recall we had a 11% ROCE for the first half not 
annualized just a first half number was about 10.3%, 10.4% as you know second half the 
income recognition will be much stronger. Therefore we expect full year ROCE to be an 
excess of 11%, 12% that we had talk about it earlier and definitely compared to last year 
actuals. What is more interesting if you see how ROCE for the first half behaved for most 
of the industry players whoever is announced results so far and I think out of the list shown 
in the bottom chart only one company has not announced results Shobha, other than Shobha 
everybody else is based on the their half yearly earnings Shobha is based on their FY2022 
earnings and our ROCE at about 10% compares meaningfully against the ROCE of listed 
player group both in Southern regional markets as well as other places. 
 
From a cash flow perspective operating cash flows remain strong. We unlocked about 166 
Crores from the operations. Net of construction marketing and other outflows, we had close 
to Rs.270 million of free cash flow out of that we invested about 196 million towards new 
projects. Over and above 238 million we invested in Q1 and therefore for the first half we 
have invested 43 crores towards securing new projects like JD advances and others. Despite 
that outflow we still had a positive cash from operations and our financing outflows are 
mostly about loan repayment scheduled as well as voluntary repayment and therefore we 
had a marginal negative net cash from borrowing and the repayments are primarily our 
ongoing projects where we had borrowed and there is a steep which happens based on our 
collections and therefore we continuously repay and reduced our construction finance debt, 
I will take about this in a minute. 
 
Net free cash flow therefore was about -36 crore, we used from our cash and cash 
equivalent largely due to the debt repayment and interest outflow, but fundamentally it has 
been a very strong cash flow movement so far and majority of this cash for unlock some 
project got into construction activity as well as new project development. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Looking at slide #17, our gross debt remains almost stable at 478 Crores at Shriram consol 
level. Net debt is about 374 Crores compared to 340 earlier we had and this is marginally 
because the cash and cash equivalent came down as I said few minutes ago. More 
importantly debt equity is still very strong and remains at 0.3:1 it remains as one of the 
lowest debt equity among the listed players. Our cost of debt remained almost stable at 
12.5% including the JD loans, we actually had all our efforts over the last 12 months, 18 
months has been on reducing the debt as well as refinancing them to bring down the cost 
simply by moving away from NBFC loan to bank loans as you may recall from our earlier 
conversations we had a very strong reliance on NBFC as part of our liability portfolio. We 
have now significantly moved away from it and we get banks account for nearly 40% of our 
loan book compared to 3% earlier and our efforts are still continuing in terms of shifting 
further to banks both from an existing project perspective where we still have couple of 
refinancing efforts ongoing because all the new loans are moving towards banks. 
Incremental debt that we have received are in the 9% to 10% range and therefore we think 
we should be able to keep moving down the cost curve in the coming quarters. 
 
Looking at slide #18 few awards that we got recognized for our projects from the industry 
pears. Also we are glad to point out, we have been certified as great place to work by the 
great place to work organization. If I should gear to outlook and very briefly cover three, 
four points here. 
 
Slide #20, fundamentally talks about where does the confidence of management come from 
in terms of earnings for H2 FY2023. We remain very confident on our outlook for H2 and 
we believe we should be on track to deliver a meaningful growth in not just the volume in 
sales value, but also in revenue earnings and profitability and returns. 
 
Our confidence comes from the fact that we internally have a much greater visibility on H2 
earnings for three reasons, one, nearly 5 projects account for 76% of full year project 
revenues and those projects are listed on slide 20 and in each of these projects we have now 
reduced or we have completed all the external dependencies the overseas are with the 
occupancy certificate which is the completion certificate is already received therefore there 
is no external regulatory or other dependency. Now it is a question of getting the customers 
to same deed registrations under income recognized. So therefore we are working hard 
towards completing handing over the unit to customers so they can come forward and do 
registrations and takeover the units that allow us to income recognized in H2. So given that 
there is a great visibility, greater control on this process now internally and therefore we are 
confident that we should be able to be on track in terms of our revenue recognition 
activities. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
DM revenues where we believe we are on track for this 100 Crores annual run rate. 12 
ongoing projects contribute about 66% of FY2023 full year DM income, 5 new projects 
have planned for launch in H2 therefore our strength in these projects are already in our 
kitty and they are making good progress on the approval front and therefore we should be 
able to realized or expectation during second half in terms of DM sales and DM agreement 
to sign this is signing of the definitive document with the customer that will allow us to 
income recognize from these DM projects. 
 
30% of H1 sales is from DM and therefore they will also add for these sales to our revenue 
recognition in second half. As you are aware as you would know plotted development has a 
very short cycle time. 32% of our sales is in H1 is in plotted development and therefore 
these 3-lakh odd square feet and 85% of plotted development is from DM projects and 
therefore they will come up for handover during second half and therefore they will allow 
us to recognize income. 
 
Combination of these two gives us a strong visibility for second half and on a longer-term 
basis if I look at a three-year basis we had a 75% of projected revenues are from volumes 
sold till September 2022. We had a 60% of three-year DM fee come from project launch 
already and therefore we see a greater control and visibility on what we can recognize and 
what we can earn for the next three years and that is the source behind our confidence on 
three year outlook. We think we are on track to realize our expected 3 billion or 300 Crores 
of free cash flow to be realized over the next three years and majority of this will come over 
the next 18 months time. Just putting the same fact in another way slide #21, income 
recognition as I said we see a very strong outlook for the next three years we are targeting 
the hand over 10,000 units to customers over the next 24 to 36 months. We have handed 
over about 700 units and 300 plots during first half we are targeting to hand over 2000 plus 
units during the full year for the remaining units will be handed over, over the next during 
the fiscal 2024 and 2025. Where do it all come from, they all come from the fact that we 
have sold almost 40 million square feet in the last 36 months, 42 months and those are 
making reasonable progress well within the RERA timeline and therefore they will come up 
for hand over and in therefore income recognition and therefore we see a clear road map or 
path for income recognition and profitability. 
 
With that if I move little more broader and go to a longer-term outlook in slide #22. Our 
objectives are very simple. We want to continue to focus on 20% plus CAGR in sales over 
the next two to three years. We remain focused on unlocking potential from Kolkata either 
through our own project launches for the 10 million square foot internally to be developed 
by our self or accelerating of remaining focus on monetizing the land bank. Continue to 
focus on DM even while we are focusing on JVs and JDAs as well. Sustained profitability 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 24 
with mid 20 operating margins EBITDA margins and a positive earnings to continue. We 
remain confident of stabilizing the business model in the mid teen ROC over the next two 
years and we continue to focus on exploring Hyderabad as our new market that we think we 
would enter in the foreseeable future. 
 
Just last but one slide before I wrap up. If I look at slide #23 this is our targeted volume that 
we are thinking of 2023 4.5 million square feet we believe we are on track we expect to rise 
to 5.5 million square feet next year and 7 million square feet 2025 to support this growth we 
have enough reasonably robust pipeline I mentioned this earlier 53, 54 million square feet 
in the pipeline and out of which 23 million square feet is an ongoing rest is to be launched 
and this  launch portfolio is making reasonable progress and they are at various stages of 
approvals and RERA so they will get ready for launch over the next 12 to 18 months and 
therefore we see the launch potential. Looking near-term where we have eight, nine 
launches lined up. We believe we should be able to do eight plus launches in second half, 
spread across Bangalore and Chennai and maybe one launch in Kolkata as well. 
 
Slide #25, DM projects I think it is self explanatory. DM is doing reasonably well. Share of 
DM is continuing to remain robust and it should help us continue with our strategy of 
focusing on DM with a greater emphasis along with JVs and JDAs in our model. 
 
Last slide if I have to just quickly point out on the Kolkata, slide #26. Our strategy for 
unlocking potential from Kolkata is progressing well. Our own development as we said 
earlier repeatedly is 10 million square feet. Grand One and Grand Two together account for 
4.4 million square feet the remaining 5 million, 6 million square feet will be launched over 
the next couple of years. The launch projects have made tremendous progress. Shriram 
Grand One almost 600 units delivered, construction is full swing for other clusters within 
Grand One we are almost entirely sold 2.1 million square feet from our books. Shriram 
Sunshine which is second phase of this project or the township. 2.3 million square feet 
launched in three different phases first two phases launched, we have sold 98% of phase 
one, 43% of phase two, together 1 million is sold remaining the third phase is about 
8,00,000 square feet that will be launched in due course. We are also working towards villa 
development in the site. That will be part of the upcoming 5.5 million square feet to be 
launched in the future. On the monetization progress, FSI sale is progressing well with 
LOGOS we believe we are on track for consummating this transaction during second half as 
we consistently maintained since beginning. 
 
With this if I turn to slide #27 just to summarize a very strong brand, well governed trusted 
brand, proven track record, very strong growth outlook, supported by demonstrated ramp up 
and demonstrated profitability and with scalability in our business model we believe we 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 24 
will be a RERA beneficiary or a industry consolidation beneficiary with the lower leverage 
in the balance sheet we think we are well poised to continue growth and deliver value for 
our shareholders. 
 
With this I stop and all of us are back here to take your questions and respond as much as 
we can. Thank you and over to the operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Chaitanya Shah from Silverlight Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
Sir my question is regarding your cash flow statement in the annexure that you have given. 
This is regarding the net operating cash flow that the company is going to receive in the 
home development under JDs. These numbers are lower than what you had reported in the 
last quarter presentation so could you just give the reason for this. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes. One of the project got moved from ongoing to completed and Southern Crest which I 
emphasis during the presentation and that is the reason why there is a change otherwise 
there is no material change and this is an ongoing portfolio so Southern Crest cash flow will 
accrue and come get recognized in H1 and H2 so they move out from the ongoing projects. 
So we will try to highlight it in future I think we can give you the data how much relates to 
Southern Crest and therefore it will be the same number as last time. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
Sir my second question is regarding the interest cost. Now for the half year you have taken 
an interest expense of close to 38 Crores and gross debt figure that you have reported is 
close to 530 Crores. So the number comes up to be around interest expense somewhere 
comes up to be on 14% so could you just give me an explanation on that whether my 
understanding is correct there. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes, it is actually there are some high cost debt which gets so this is basically it is interest 
expense from the beginning of the quarter this is for the half year end debt is what you are 
seeing there are some high cost NCDs which were there in our books in the early part of the 
year 17% NCDs and all. So I will get that unwind we have only 20 Crores NCDs left now 
so they get redeemed in November so as they get redeemed will go so this will be the whole 
impact of reduced interest rate will take a few quarters to flow through because we have this 
whole refinancing cost getting absorbed as well as this high cost whole debts moving away 
will have the impact will be gradual. So you are right in understanding that currently it 
comes to about close to 14.8%, 15% weighted average cost for the reported period. But 
currently SPL console will have a weighted average cost of debt of about 13% point some 
percent and including JV it comes to about 12.5% so those two numbers are as we stand at 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 24 
the quarter end or half year end for that to fully reflect into the average interest outflow it 
may take a couple of quarters. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
And in terms of free cash flow number of close to 3 billion that you have given. Now then 
assume that all the net debt is plated is it close to 375 Crores today. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
No, 300 Crores will be the cash flow from the business so that will be used either towards 
prepayment of debt because most of our debts we have no land bank related debt in our 
books therefore most of the cash flows has to be used either for prepayment of existing debt 
which is the construction finance that we will have to take a call based on project capital 
needs and the construction needs at those projects. Otherwise we will have to be use for 
growth or it will be cash and cash equivalent. So the 300 Crores is at inflow that we are 
expecting. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
After repayment of debt right. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
After repayment of scheduled debt. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
Understood thank you so much. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H G Hawa & Co. Please 
go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Our ROCE and ROE have always remained low and you still feel that it will only be in the 
range of 12% to 13%. So what kind of steps will lead to the ROCE, ROE improving or will 
it take like a very big increase in property prices to really get it there or is our model not 
suited to a very high ROEs or ROCEs. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
I am sure you have seen the chart on slide #15. So we are probably among the top three 
companies in terms of ROCE in listed space I do not know about the ROCEs of unlisted 
players. The ROCE delta can happen because we have a low capital employed right where 
we are asset light model. So a small delta in operational inflows can make a meaningful 
impact you may recall three years ago we are at 4%, 4% to 10% has happened with a 
meaningful improvement over 18 months in terms of overall earnings. So I think with the 
projected earnings improvement that we see over the next 18, 24 months FY2023 to 2025 
we would see ROCE stabilizing around mid teens that would be our first threshold to 
stabilize and then we will see where it will go and stabilize that 15 itself would put us one 
of the better ROCE companies in the real estate space in India. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Faisal Hawa: 
And do you foresee something like a short squeeze where the inventories in Chennai go 
down so much that it actually for some time probably six months or even one year there is 
not much inventory and that leads to a big price increase locally. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
I will request Murali to answer this on the price hike. Chennai is the price hike likely 
because the inventory is falling. 
Murali Malayappan: 
Yes, Chennai market is really good both Bangalore and Chennai and we expect that prices 
to go up and our projects are well positioned both Park 63 and Divine City, both these two 
projects we are selling at a good price. Prices in the project have gone up more than about 
20% in the last 12 months time. So we expect further price increase in these projects. The 
other two projects I mean the plotted developed again prices has gone up and the fourth 
project Shankari, Shankari price has gone up but not to the level of what the Park 63 and the 
Divine City achieved. So overall we have put prices to go up further from whatever revenue 
has reached now. 
Faisal Hawa: 
But do you feel that even the inventory is going down is causing us short squeeze on the 
price or it is only like the top developers were getting the sales and secondly what do you 
feel is I mean interest rate hiking are they causing any demand to slowdown. 
Murali Malayappan: 
Two different projects. The inventory overall Chennai market is really good but it cannot be 
compared with Bangalore and Bombay at this point of time. But Chennai overall market 
demand looks much better we are also looking at finalizing some more projects in Chennai. 
On the overall demand there are two interest rates one is home loan rate of interest other is 
working capital construction finance interest. So home loan rate of interest is our retail sales 
to a long-term projection they have taken so 20 or 25 year loan we all know that interest 
rate is unlikely to stay higher and it is a temporary phase maybe in next 12 to 18 months 
when it will come down then we are taking a view on long-term so customer sentiment is 
not impacted at this point of time and is likely to be very robust. On the construction 
finance the interest rates keeps on going up that will add to the cost this is the matter of 
concern which we are carefully working around. But overall demand I do not see any dip in 
the demand, demand continues to be very, very robust. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Thanks a lot sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Thank you sir. My first question is regarding your sale realization the average. So for the 
second half of FY2022 it was about 8% and for the first half of FY2023 it was about 5% so 
how do you see it in the second half of the current financial year. 
Murali Malayappan: 
In our realization, market particularly because of the consolidation. See there is nothing else 
that is moving the market. Just that there is a pressure on supply today there is not much 
supply because every market is covered 90% of the market is covered by top seven, eight 
developers today and the trust is that major factor which is driving the demand. So once the 
demand continues to be very, very robust on the other hand supply there is a huge constraint 
these large developers or branded developers like us supply is coming up so there is a big 
mismatch between supply and demand because of that prices will continue to go up. So H2 
also I expect the prices to go up at least by end of 5% from where we are today. In H1 we 
have seen about 8% to 10% price increase as talked about 15% increase likely for this 
financial year which will happen the balance will happen in H2. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
So it will be about 5% that is what you are expecting for second half similar to first half. 
Murali Malayappan: 
First half is about 5% which we have already seen now and H2 we expect 5% to 8%. So this 
year we will have about 15% price increase is what our estimate the H2 will continue to 
have price increase further. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And on slide #4 we have this gross of supply versus sales so it is like after about two to 
three quarters the supply is exceeding sales so are you in the top seven cities so is it like 
how do you see the trend now because we are already one and a half months in to the 
second half so is the trend still buoyant wherein supply is now exceeding sales and that can 
lead to inventory buildup in top seven cities. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
So I have to just to clarify this is from Anarock not my data Anarock believes the phase of 
supply will match the robustness in demand and there has been a traditional trend as well 
inventory buildup may happen but that is the inventory have never been an challenge in mid 
market affordable products inventory usually becomes a bit problem in the luxury segment 
are in a higher price point we have never seen and we do not see on the ground any mid 
market player mid market projects suffering with a large inventory and that is the evident 
also from the fact that historically we have had a very low inventory in our ongoing project 
as well. So that is very clear and I assume the trend will continue even in future. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Yes, sir and one thing on the industry so there was a point wherein the organized player 
they are consolidating basically they are getting more market share. So is it that the 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 24 
unorganized player they are facing some problems with the hike in interest rate and home 
loan rates so is it the reason why there is a consolidation in the industry. 
Murali Malayappan: 
No, really the brands are selling today. the consumer confidence that is the major one, 
availability of capital is the another issue the unorganized players are dealing with. So our 
first step is trust is the major aspect and the customers are trusting only the large branded 
developers on delivery. So large branded developers delivery, some projects getting 
delivered on time, some there are two, three months there are even six months delay but 
customers know 100% it is happening so their product is available. Whereas unorganized 
players the trust is lost. So alternatively, the second one is they are also not able to get the 
funding today. So, both is a double whammy effect so that is where they are getting into lot 
of challenges and that will continue I do not think that will change there in the near future. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And sir lastly, I was just trying to understand if there is any challenges for our sales in 
future. So, since we are such a big player in this industry established player do you see any 
threshold levels for interest rate wherein it can affect sales, sales volume for the company 
and the industry any threshold level for interest rate if it keeps rising. 
Murali Malayappan: 
The home loan rate if it touches double digit that could be a major cost of concern currently 
it is not and also it is unlikely in the next few years on the home loan. On the construction 
finance it goes up by another 300 basis points that could be a inflection point. So currently 
it is not, we need to give credit to government keeping the inflation under control which is a 
major, major challenge but that is good that it is in very good control since and not showing 
a bigger challenge today. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Thank you so much that is very helpful that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir on the presales part if I am not wrong you 
said that you will be delivering around 15.5 to 16.5 million in the next three years and sir 
could you just give me what percentage of that would be plotted development and what 
percentage of that would be DM and if you could just repeat the number you said for 2023, 
2024, 2025 separately. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
If I can give you the annual numbers to start with this year we are looking at about 4.5 
million square feet for FY2023 rising to about 5.5 and then to 7 million square feet so that 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 24 
is about 17 million square feet roughly if I look at the water development as a percentage of 
the portfolio about 30% would be the plotted development. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
And this 17 million also includes DM right. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Correct it includes everything. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
And plotted development is the 30% and DM would also be roughly about that right. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes, DM would also be somewhere around that but obviously DM can also be plotted right 
these are two different percentages. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
And on the sales part of it as on the actual recognition of revenue so you will be delivering 
around 10 million if I am not wrong in next three years so does this 10 million includes DM 
or DM is over and above this. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Delivery includes everybody as well but our income recognition capability comes only on 
our own projects and JDA and JVs of course and we recognized DM we recognized that 
will help of recognized DM income to some extent that is all but otherwise the majority of 
the income recognition will come from our own project as well as JDAs. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So this 10 million includes DM I think 10 million square feet includes DM project delivery 
as well right. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Absolutely. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
And on the side of the deal from the Kolkata land how is it progressing if you could just I 
mean by when can we recognize some cash flow coming in from the project as and not 
which is under our development with the part we are going to sell it. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
As the LOGOS had doing the diligence it is likely to get completed very soon we hope 
maybe before March we should be in a position to have close the transaction at this point of 
time really to get some submissions from the government which we applied for which is in 
process now. Once they get that permission then they get deliver the clearance for buying a 
land for themselves. So once that get through we can reach to that it is in pipeline now. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
That is all from my side sir thank you. 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from G S Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Our company is really testing the patient of 
allotment who have been holding from IPO so by when can it come is it better happen and 
number two is about the basically our real estate sector is suffering from the perception on 
the corporate governance it supposed to be what we call in Hindi  that 57:36 inaudible in 
the sense that you have to be very, very cautious in this sector so what are the corporate 
governance initiative we have because state government control the real estate sector in 
individual states and even in south India lot of issues are there how do we settle that and 
Southern India market our focus is it performing much better than the rest of India and what 
about Kolkata. These are the queries. Thank you. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
If I can take one-by-one. We feel market is beyond our control our focus is on delivering 
performance as per the promise and we are trying to market this to the improvement in our 
performance to quality institutional investors and obviously beyond promoting or beyond 
emphasizing on our improved performance to investors there were little that we can do in 
the stock market per se I am sure some of you are more equip their knowledgeable to be 
able to make a judgment on when this has improved given when the stock price will 
improve given the performance have increased twice so we are currently focused on 
delivering quality numbers consistent what we expect consistent promises and expectations 
quarter after quarter that is currently what we are focused on. In terms of governance as you 
would know we have some of the meaningful strong names as part of our parentage 
Shriram Group value systems the TPGs and Tata’s so we are bundled by quality parentage 
and their policies and frameworks in systems so from a government internally perspective 
we can vouch and we can confidently say comparable to the best that we can see in the 
region or in this part of the world. From an external perspective there is a little we can do 
both collective both of us together we cannot do much about the external system but what 
we know was very surely is a fact that we do not entertain any tax transaction with any 
customers ever we do not given to any of the questionable practices with any of our 
stakeholders and that is fundamentally our crux of our operating principles and our value 
systems and within that we will operate and if we have to grow slow we will grow at that 
phase but we will not really cut corners to chase growth that we have that as a company as a 
group as a controlling shareholders of a large investors in the company will not allow any 
deviation from the core principles. I missed your third question, you have a third part of the 
question. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Yes, this was regarding the geographical are these markets are much better than rest of 
India thanks to the IT sector and how it is going to performing and what has been the 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 24 
historical background of your foray into Kolkata which is exactly not a very promising and 
in terms of economics growth in India. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Let me talk about the Bangalore Chennai I am sure you read research  report that some of us 
do. All of these reports clearly point towards where it is Anarock or any IPC report the 
analyst reports the southern market typically tend to perform have typically performed 
slightly superior than some of their counter parts even within the southern markets thanks to 
variety of factors right low it is primarily a end user driven market so there is low 
speculation per se and obviously the underlying economic activities are strong from the 
sectors that is operating in so that tend to help overall underlying demand I am sure the 
numbers will speak for itself if you look at the last five, ten years of our last post RERA 
also if you look at last five years of demand trends if you look at you will appreciate 
Bangalore and Chennai, Hyderabad are superior market from a growth perspective 
absorption inventory supply in growth perspective. Looking at the Kolkata part which is the 
fourth question you had is the fact that we have discussed that frequently in this calls just to 
reiterate we have entered almost ten years ago for a variety of reasons primarily we thought 
when we are looking to expand after first ten years of growth in the industry or in the 
business Kolkata emerged as a good pick for us for a variety of factors like it is a stable mid 
market we saw a huge the mid market affordable potential there being a gateway to the east 
as well as Shriram brand already had a very strong presence because of variety of factors 
that variety of businesses that we have operated based out of Kolkata insurance, broking 
and industry things other than truck finance. So the brand was recognized and the third 
factor was there was an opportunity of land available from Nissan Motors and Government 
of West Bengal and we thought since it is coming from the government should be easier to 
get through all the approval processes so we walk into this transaction and then we had 
some surprises and we took some time to get the approvals. The approvals for the 
development of integrated complex came only in 2016, FY2017 and since then the journey 
has been fairly smooth we see as a company might not tend to agree with what you have 
mentioned Kolkata is not such a bad market we also would have had the same view three, 
four years ago saying if somebody has told us that somebody is selling 4 million square feet 
in four years today the results are on the table we have about 3.5 million square feet sold 
since inception in that site that almost a three and a half, four years so close to 8,00,000 
square feet on annual absorption so that not that well it is actually a very promising market 
our expectations of mid market has come through well if you look at the IPC reports some 
of these well recognized reports whether the runner of JLL, CBRE, residential reports if you 
look at Kolkata has in the last couple of years have shaped up very strong on absorption I 
am sure these report explained why we see that kind of demand and we will see the strong 
absorption so it is not a very disappointing our weak market it is just that we had some our 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 24 
share of surprises in the process to the learning for us mistake or a learning whatever you 
want to call it but now we have focused on all that is behind us last three, four years we 
have focused on simple obviously you can monetize this land bank and get out of it infact 
today Shriram is the largest volume company in the eastern market so I think the market is 
doing well for us so far and we are focused on unwinding our share of development that we 
have set for our self 10 million square feet the remaining 20 odd million square feet will be 
monetized that is the strategy that we have remained unchanged for the last three, four years 
and will continue to execute this strategy for the next 24, 36 months by when this site at 
least will be unwound. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Can you just throw some light on the Shriram Group our promoter background and 
basically how they came out about it in fact the cost inflation entrepreneur who has come up 
on his own because the north where I am speaking from visibility on Shriram Group 
slightly lesser thank you. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
I think there is enough publically available material available on Shriram. Shriram group 
was started by Mr. Thyagarajan in the insurance broking business to start with and then we 
have grown and I am sure you have read all the news papers talking about the ongoing 
merger of all the financial services entity of Shriram once the merger is completed NCLT 
approvals have come I think last stage for yesterday once this is consummated the Shriram 
merged entity will be the largest NBFC hopefully in India so that is the size of the 
organization built by Mr. Thyagarajan and his strategy and efforts and they have Shriram 
Group has presence in other businesses as well maybe you can have a call off line to walk 
you through what the Shriram Group is all about and enough material available in public 
domain as well. I am just conscious of the fact that there are other people on the call to 
make the familiar and enough like to invest lot of time on knowing Shriram Group history 
but I am happy to have a call with you anytime at your convenience. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Thank you sir very much thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H G Hawa & Co. Please 
go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir are we seeing any early signs of now people paying up advances at the paint level itself 
booking and paying the entire amounts also because that will also have early accelerator 
ROCE etc. 
Murali Malayappan: 
No it is not right actually as per RERA you cannot do we do not want to do that we will 
strictly go by RERA whatever has been defined by RERA and the authority so we will go 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 24 
as per the plan which will be defined. So there is nothing to do with the ROCE 
improvement. So there is a cash flow. So ROCE and ROE we have been making consistent 
progress they given guideline during our road show then road show also we have been 
having thereafter we have been having constant call so we have been making consistent 
progress in line with whatever their gaining’s were given. We are in a very healthy trend 
today and I expect this to continue for the next three years time now based on the projects 
we have already sold very well so there is a clear visibility of where the growth is where are 
we making progress in growth of the cash flows and also be recognized. 
K R Ramesh: 
To add further even if that gives the accelerated installments, they would want the NPV 
discount in fact it is going to be income depletive. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chaitanya Shah from Silverlight Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
Thanks for giving the chance again. This question that I have is regarding the earlier 
question that I had on the cash flow in the annexure when you mentioned that our project 
has been moved from that slide because that project I completed now I just wanted to 
understand one more thing the difference in the cash flow is close to 120 Crores for 
example in the own developments column out but the cash flow realized has not been that 
much from your cash flow statement so while this difference I just want to understand that. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
I will send you the reconciliation of the data which is there will be some corporate debt 
related removal just at the bonds, NCDs as they redeem those numbers will also keep 
changing in terms of the borrowings that where the cluster has a hit having last but one row. 
So we will give you I will get the data sent across to you. You can share your Mail ID and 
we will submit I think we have the mail ID already so I will get a center clause. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
So broadly this cash flow that we have… 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
No underlying if I can take a broad statement I expected this last time as well on the 
valuation perspective there is no material deviation change from the life cycle cash flows of 
projects and therefore the inherent value of the ongoing projects DM even some of you may 
recall there are slightly lower than 2000 Crores as an NPV value of a 13.5% discount rate. 
Value of our ongoing project those values have not changed, is that would have been the 
part is realized, part is not realized. So that underlying value has not changed it whether we 
have got the point we are trying to drive that or trying to reconcile in your mind be assure 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 24 
that numbers have not changed there is no deterioration in inherent value of our project cash 
flow and a inherent value to this enterprise I will send across the detail. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
Sure and sir are we on target to become net debt free in 12 to 18 months that you are 
speaking about earlier. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes, we remain focused on it and as the new projects come in they might obviously borrow 
their   own working capital as well but at a net level net debt we believe we will be able to 
reach that point in next 12 to 18 months time. 
Chaitanya Shah: 
Okay alright thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from Determined 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I just have one question, so your credit rating is 
still at a BB+ versus sister companies in the group at AA kind of rating so that is a big gap 
in itself and that obviously hurts your cost of capital, cost of debt as well and now clearly 
till last year we were loss making, weakinancial position but we have seen that turnaround 
happened also what if any sort of plan of action you have to drive your credit rating also 
better and to that extent the cost of debt and cost of capital down. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Just to put the basic facts we are BBB+ not BB+ and we moved from BBB to BBB+ last 
year with some of the concerns of the rating agencies addressed in terms of key investor 
rights and IPO overhang and all that. We are working towards with the agencies we are in 
the process of reassessment now we wanted to see four quarters of performance before 
move up and so we think during this year second half till we should get a rating in the A 
club so we are also working towards moving up the BBB+ that we have today. We hope to 
see at least in A- it is not A during this financial year. 
Amit Kumar: 
Just a small set of follow up if I may ask what are the parameters which the rating agencies 
has sort of set for you to move in that direction in terms of you may not be able to share the 
details but roughly in terms of operational or financial parameters anything that you are able 
to share would be helpful. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
No if you think it is operational I am sure just to put it in context the rating rationale is 
already available on their own website so it is fairly transparent there is nothing secret about 
it and they commence a very simple in terms of margin recovery is so encouraging we want 
to see sustainability of this margins and I want to see the industry in a rising interest rate 

 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
November 15, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 24 
environment now industry will behave in terms of demand stability that is a more macro 
common factor for all the players not for us so from a company’s perspective getting their 
cash flows and the sustainable profitability and margin levels is what they were monitoring. 
That is what I understand from their rating rationale so all the complete specific concerns 
they had in the last 36 months, or all displayed from the rating rationale. 
Amit Kumar: 
Understood that is really helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Thank you very much for everyone’s time today and we hope you make note of good set of 
numbers that we believe we have announced and we are happy to remain engage with some 
of you can connect with us as well as SGA but for today we sincerely thank each and every 
one of you for your time taken to interact with us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shriram Properties that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
