&IXIDI 
Ref no.: EIL/SEC/2022-23/60 
21 st November, 2022 
The Secretary 
The Secretary 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited 
BSE Limited 
7 Lyons Range 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Kolkata - 700 001 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
CSE Scrip Code: 15060 & 10015060 
BSE Scrip Code: 500086 
The Secretary 
-
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot no. C/1 , G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: EXIDEIND 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call Q2 FY23 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is turther to our letter ref no. EIL/SEC/2022-23/57 wherein the Company had intimated that 
it will host an Earnings call on 16th November, 2022 for the Q2 FY23 business update. 
Pursuant to the Regulation JU read with Pa1t A c,f :';d1tduk III ur Ll1e SFRT (Listing Obligalions 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the said 
ed111i11gs call, fur yuur i11furmaLlon ~t'ld records. 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company's website at 
www.exideindustries.com. The Company has also uploaded the audio recording of the earnings 
call on the above mentioned website which was communicated to the Exchanges on 16th 
November, 2022. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Exide Industries Limited 
Jitendra Kumar 
Company Secretary and 
President- Legal & Corporate Affairs 
ACS No. 11159 
Encl: as above 
Exide Industries Limited, Exide House, 59E Chowringhee Road, Kolkata-700 020 
Phone : (033) 2302-3400, Fax : (033) 2283-2642/37 
e-mail : exideindustrieslimited@exide.co.in, www.exideindustries.com 
GIN: L31402WB1947PLC014919 
JITENDRA 
KUMAR 
MOHAN LAL
Digitally signed by 
JITENDRA KUMAR 
MOHAN LAL 
Date: 2022.11.21 
18:05:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Exide Industries Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 16, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                
 
        
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUBIR CHAKRABORTY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – EXIDE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ASISH KUMAR MUKHERJEE – DIRECTOR, 
FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – EXIDE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. JITENDRA KUMAR – PRESIDENT, LEGAL AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY – EXIDE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MS. CHHAVI AGARWAL – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – EXIDE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ADITYA JHAWAR – INVESTEC CAPITAL 
 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Exide Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Aditya Jhawar from Investec Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to you all. From Exide Industries we have with us today- MD and 
CEO, Mr. Subir Chakraborty; Director Finance and CFO, Mr. Asish Kumar Mukherjee; 
President, Legal and Company Secretary, Mr. Jitendra Kumar; and Head -Investor Relations, 
Ms. Chhavi Agarwal.  
Before we proceed, here is a disclaimer for the call, a few statements made by the management 
in the call may be forward-looking, and we request you to refer to the disclaimer in the press 
release or further details. We will start the call with a brief-opening remarks from the 
management followed by a Q&A session. I would now like to invite Mr. Subir Chakraborty for 
the opening remarks. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Thank you, Aditya. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to the call. Hope you all 
are doing very well. Firstly, I would like to thank all our stakeholders for the continuous support 
and trust they have shown in Exide. If I look at the last few years, we at Exide have been 
continuously working to be more agile, innovative, efficient and technologically advanced. And 
this is reflected in our resilient business model and our future-ready products portfolio. We 
continue to be a leading player in the lead-acid battery space and are always focused on 
delivering profitable growth.  
Looking at the previous quarter, I will start by talking about the demand scenario. Overall, 
demand was upbeat in most of the sectors to which we cater. On the automotive side, the 
replacement market continues to grow, and demand from OEMs started recovering as the 
semiconductor supply situation improved. In the Industrial division, overall pick-up in business 
activity and increase in capex by public and private sectors led to good order inflow. 
Coming to financial performance, I believe it was a very good quarter for us. We clocked 13% 
year-on-year growth in sales in Q2 FY '23, and EBITDA was similar to last year in absolute 
terms, despite high input cost inflation. Although margins were impacted on a year-on-year 
basis, we have reported a sequential improvement in the margins in the quarter, as high raw 
material prices started softening.  
For the first half of the year, our performance is very healthy with sales and profit before tax 
growing at 32% each. Our effective cost optimization initiatives has helped us lower our fixed 
costs. Total fixed expenses were 19.4% and 18.7%, respectively, of sales in Q2 FY '23 and H1 
FY '23, down from 20.2% in Q2 FY '22 and 20.5% in H1 FY '22.  
One area which I would like to highlight is digitalization initiatives taken across operations. Our 
digital journey began two years ago, and so far, digital processes have infiltrated various critical 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
departments, including sales and customer service, supply chain and human resources, among 
others. These initiatives have enabled us to deepen our customer engagement and make our sales 
force more efficient and target oriented. Our supply chain costs have lowered, and accuracy has 
increased significantly. We continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet with zero 
debt:equity and a high liquidity position.  
Moving on to the first half cash flow, the company generated Rs. 1,007 crores of cash flow from 
operations. Our profit, along with prudent working capital management support our cash flow. 
We have a very strong financial base, which I believe is extremely critical. This will not only 
enable us to capitalize on opportunity but will enable us to live through tough times, if they 
arrived.  
Talking about the near term, though we are optimistic, we are also carefully evaluating various 
scenarios at the same time. While we expect overall demand to be healthy, any external factor 
of geopolitical tensions and impact the demand and the supply side situation in the sectors in 
which we cater. We further expect sequential margin recovery to continue, supported by some 
respite in input costs. However, I'd like to mention that raw material costs have again started 
increasing.  
Moving on to the lithium-ion cell manufacturing plant, which we are setting up under our wholly 
owned subsidiary, Exide Energy Solutions Limited. We have recently done the Bhumi Pujan 
ceremony on our project facility in Bangaluru Airport, and all necessary approvals are underway. 
Our senior management team, hiring is almost complete, and we are on track to complete the 
first phase within earlier proposed timelines.  
This concludes our update for the quarter and half year. With this, I close our opening remarks, 
we'll now be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the first question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
My question pertains to the cell manufacturing capacity which you're putting up. So, can you 
talk more about it with respect to what will be the initial capacity which we start with and the 
ramp-up timeline? And effective capex for the same for, which will be incurred in FY '23 and 
FY '24 for cell manufacturing plant? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
So, thank you for your questions. So, the plant is being setup on roughly 80 acres of land, and it 
is being conceptualized in two phases, Phase I and Phase II. So, in Phase I, we will have 6-
gigawatt hour of capacity in Phase II, another 6-gigawatt hour of capacity. So, we expect the 
Phase I, SOP, Start Of Production sometime in 2024. So that is the plan. The overall capex for 
this plant is INR 6,000 crores, of which around INR 4,000 crores will be spent for Phase I and 
the balance for Phase II. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 
And when we start Phase I, it will start directly with 6-gigawatt hour capacity or... 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Yes. 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And any indication on the kind of interest which you're getting for the 6-gigawatt hour capacity, 
given that we'll be starting in '24. So have you started getting RFQs or interest on potential 
customers? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
The answer is yes, because we expect that we would be one of the first players to kick start a 
multi-gigawatt hour, lithium-ion facility in the country. And this has generated a huge amount 
of interest amongst all the OEMs and other players. And we already have started to do a reach-
out exercise with potential customers who are well known to us because we have been in this 
market for 75 years with lead-acid battery, so the customers, we have deep customer connect. 
And we are well placed to service their requirements. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And assuming demand is not a constraint, how soon can we reach to 6-gigawatt hour of 
manufacturing? What I'm trying to understand is how is the ramp-up timelines for such capacity 
given that it will be the first in the country. How long does it take to ramp-up to full capacity 
that way? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See, we expect, as I said, SOP sometime in 2024, expectedly now in the third quarter or so third 
fourth quarter around that time. So, actual this first phase, full-scale production that you are 
asking, this will get stabilized, I expect towards the absolute latter half of '24, '25, and the 
stabilization of this process will happen in '25, '26. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And second question pertains to our core business of lead-acid batteries, so have we seen over 
last few years, 2-3 years, increasing share of organized players and for Exide as well and the 
replacement market side? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Sorry, I could not get your question. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Has market share of organized players and Exide gone up in the last 2-3 years and salience of 
unorganized has it come down in that time frame or it has been broadly stable over the last two 
years, three years? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
The organized sector, I would imagine we have gained share, but Exide has been gaining share 
rapidly in the market, not only against unorganized players, but also against organized players 
in almost all segments. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
if I look at our margins, both on gross and EBITDA side and that for our peers, over the last few 
years, they have been coming down despite increasing consolidation in the industry. So how do 
you read that margin evolution versus a consolidation in the industry? And do you expect 
normalized margins to again go back to that 14%-15% range from where we are today? I 
understand RM cost has gone up, but in the replacement market, I believe we have a good pricing 
power. So, in that context, if you can share your thoughts? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See, your question is on a relative basis or on an absolute basis.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 
Absolute basis? 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See, on an absolute basis, I can tell you that we have seen an environment where raw material 
costs have continuously gone up. In fact, there has been an monotonic increasing phenomenon 
across all raw materials, not only lead, separators, everything, plastics. So, in such an 
environment, what happens is that you, of course, do your price increases. But then the price 
increases are based on past data, which means that, let's say, you do a price increase in this 
month, obviously, you take factoring the cost of the last three months or six months and so on. 
But then in a situation of monotonic price increase, which has happened by the time you may 
take the price increase or adjust the prices, the raw material costs have pushed up again. So 
again, you need to take a subsequent price increase. So, this has been the phenomenon in the last 
two years because of non-stability of the raw material price. So, while we have adjusted prices, 
but there has been a time lag. Now your question as to when we can go back to that 14%. The 
answer is quite simple. Once the prices stabilize, it will take about three to six months for the 
situation to actually come to a steady state level. And from then on, the earlier margin should be 
possible. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Siddhartha from Nomura Group. 
Siddhartha: 
Sir, again, the first question on your lithium-ion plans. So, on the customer side, will it be 
possible to guide us like which segments you are essentially targeting in the first phase, like 2-
wheeler customers, 3-wheelers or the cars. Some broad segment indication will be very 
helpful? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
So, we are targeting all customers. As you know, in lead-acid space, we have a very wide 
product portfolio. Similarly, also in lithium-ion space, we are targeting 2-wheelers, 4-wheelers, 
e-rickshaws, stationary applications, all customers. 
Siddhartha: 
And the capex, how do you plan to fund it? Will it be through the investments we have in 
shares or... 
Subir Chakraborty: 
I am requesting our CFO, Mr. A. K. Mukherjee to answer that question. 
Asish Kumar Mukherjee: So, the capex, you mean for the core business or for the lithium-ion? 
Siddhartha: 
 
For the lithium-ion capex of INR 6,000 crores. 
Asish Kumar Mukherjee: So, lithium-ion in the Phase 1, there will be 2 phases, of course. The Phase 1 will be 
approximately INR 4,000 crores. And Phase 2 will be another INR 2,000 crores. So total as of 
now, estimated at around INR 6,000 crores. 
Siddhartha: 
 
But in terms of the funding, sir, if you can help us with that? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Financing, it will be largely from internal accruals from equity infusion. I mean, from Exide. 
And whenever we require any bridge financing through the borrowed funds will require – 
we’ll take it from banks, etc.a. 
Siddhartha: 
No, I mean that we have an HDFC Life as an investment in, would we look to monetize that 
opportunity for this? Or internal accruals funding? 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See as I said that it will be largely from internal accruals only. So we really don't need the 
HDFC Life asset for this investment. So, in any case, there will be a lot of investments 
requirement in future also. So as of now, there is no such plan in monetizing this. 
Siddhartha: 
And the base lead acid business, how much capex should we assume there to be there every 
year e now? 
Asish Kumar Mukherjee: 
Lead acid business of course, we will not compromise any capex requirement for the core 
business as well. So, it is difficult to quantify, but it is approximately, it will be around INR 
400 crores to INR 400- INR 500 crores per year. 
Siddhartha: 
And then on the base business, sir, if you can highlight for the quarter in terms of growth auto 
and industrial, how was our growth in these segments? And what is the outlook for the rest of 
the year, is it possible? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
We have grown very handsomely as you are seeing. There is a 32% growth in sales and 32% 
growth in PBT as well. So there is very robust demand across all segments. And we are taking 
advantage of that situation. We don't see any lack of demand in lead acid as of now. In fact, as 
you may have seen all the many -- I will not say all -- many of our customers who are 
manufacturing 4-wheelers and so on, they are earmarked capex for the traditional internal 
combustion engine kind of technology. So, there is good growth happening in the traditional 
space and we are well poised to take advantage of that situation. 
Siddhartha: 
Any -- would it be possible to share the capacity currently in 2-wheeler and 4-wheeler battery 
and industrial? And any expansion you are planning to take in any of these in the next of 1-2 
year? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See, we have right now adequate capacity to take care of our requirements. Our capacities and 
so on are mentioned in our annual report, so you can take a look at it. 
Siddhartha: 
 
And the expansion, sir, any particular areas are you looking to expand? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Expansion, right now, we have adequate capacity to take care of the present requirements. 
However, there are areas where we need to look at fine-tuning the product portfolio or to 
introduce some new products and so on and so forth. So therefore, we require capex. But right 
now, we are not planning any greenfield facility. Whatever is happening is on an incremental 
basis on brownfield basis. 
Siddhartha: 
 
Possible to quantify that sir, that would be the last question. 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Quantify what? 
Siddhartha: 
 
Quantify the expansion, which you are planning to take? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
These are, as I said, brownfield expansions, capacity unlocking or debottlenecking those kinds 
of activities are going on. 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Ashutosh Tiwari from Equirus Securities. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
So, in this quarter, we have grown almost 13% Y-o-Y. Can you provide break up volume and 
growth to this? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See, basically, it has been a double digit. We do not actually quantify exact segment-wise 
figures, but it has been a double-digit growth in both volume and value. 
Ashutosh Tiwari : 
But the overall sales of 13% only and there is a lead inflation and other inflation as well, then 
volume growth, I mean OEM has done very well. We know that from the market. But then is it 
really that you don't double digit across all segments in the volume side? 
Asish Mukherjee: 
Not very clear, if you can just say again? 
 Ashutosh Tiwari                  No, if I look at, there is a 13% growth overall in sales and there is a lead inflation as well versus 
last year. So, if we are growing double digit in terms of volume and probably value hardly 3%, 
which appears to be lower because we have taken multiple price increases over the last one year. 
So, can you quantify? I mean, industrials or maybe broadly, what kind of volume growth you 
are seeing? 
Asish Mukherjee: 
So, there are -- there is no uniform volume growth in all segments. There are a few segments 
where up and few segments were down. So overall, if you see the volume, then it will be close 
to double digit. And, but there are pluses and minus in different segments. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
And secondly, on this Nexcharge your subsidiary, have we done any sales from there this 
quarter? And basically, how much of your sales from there? And which segments you are 
catering to, now from Nexcharge? 
Asish Mukherjee: 
See, Nexcharge production has just started. So, it will take some time for it to stabilize. As you 
know, the Nexcharge facility does not manufacture cells. It import cells and makes modules and 
packs. So that effort has just started. And as you may have seen in our declaration very lately, 
that unit has become 100% subsidiary of Exide now. And so, I think going forward, once this 
production stabilizes, then things will move forward at a faster pace. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
But as of now, in terms of development work that we already completed which segments of 
product basically we're going to launch from there? 
Asish Mukherjee: 
See, we have launched products for buses, and we have launch products for the telecom sector 
and also for 2-wheelers. But as I was telling you, these are not with our cells. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Yes, that I know we have to import cells and make battery pack. 
Asish Mukherjee: 
This unit, the full leveraging of it will only be possible or will be realized once we start 
manufacturing our own cells. This is something which we have done earlier in order to 
understand the market, and understand the lithium-ion technology and the rest of it. So that was 
the objective of this exercise. 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
And lastly, we had done INR 612 crores capex in the first half in consolidated, basically. So, can 
you provide a breakup up same in terms of latest obviously, will be part of standalone, which is 
around INR 150 crores, but remaining is what exactly? Is it lithium-ion plant or, what is the 
capex numbers? 
Asish Mukherjee: 
Capex in the first half is about INR 160 crores -- INR 156 crores or so for core business. And 
we are saying INR 600 crores. I'm not sure which figure... 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Consolidated number. consolidated balance sheet, if I look at in the cash flow statement, there 
is INR 612 crores capex in the first half, consol I am talking about? 
Asish Mukherjee: 
That's why we include our investment in the EESL that new lithium-ion cell manufacturing. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
So, I just want break up of that, is it remaining of like 612 banks, 160 completely that? 
Asish Mukherjee: 
Yes. No, it's primarily on account of land and technology  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Subham Agarwal from Aequitas Investment. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, I wanted to understand for our base business, 
what is our current capacity utilization? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Current asset utilization.  
Subham Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Capacity, we are clocking anything between 85% to 90% at this point in time. 
Subham Agarwal: 
And sir, for this quarter, if we see sequential growth in terms of revenue, so we reported close 
to 3% decline compared to one of our competitors, which reported growth in sales Q-on-Q. And 
earlier in the call, you mentioned that we have been gaining market share. So, can you briefly 
explain what is the reason for this? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Can you repeat the question, please? 
Subham Agarwal: 
Yes. So sequential growth in terms of revenue, we reported a decline compared to Q1. And if 
we compare this, to one of the listed players in similar space, they reported a growth Q-on-Q. 
So, what is the key reason for such... 
Subir Chakraborty: 
I'll explain. The sales composition, our sales composition is not exactly identical to the sales 
composition of our competition. We are, for example, very heavily into the inverter batteries or 
the home UPS batteries. The home UPS battery is actually in the second quarter, they always 
show a decline. So traditionally, first quarter is always much better than the second quarter 
because of the composition, the kind of sales that we've got. So this has nothing to do with gain 
or loss of market share, gain or loss of market share that I'm referring to is in the vehicular space 
or in the two-wheeler space and so on and so forth, that those are the areas where there has been 
growth in market share. But the H-UPS segment is so heavily skewed that it makes a difference 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
between quarter 1 and quarter 2. And all along, if you look at our results, it will show the same 
kind of change. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Sir, now coming to the Exide Energy Solutions subsidiary, so, in our lithium-ion project, what 
as per you is the biggest challenge for executing this project because we are going through a 
technological transformation. So, what are the key areas that you are facing challenges and how 
you are addressing it? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See, the challenges are basically, of course, we are stated, it's a new technology, but we have 
taken adequate safeguards in terms of, see, you have to understand one thing that many people 
asked us that you have invested in this Nexcharge, then again, you have invested here. You have 
to understand the flow of logic, which is precisely this- that three years, four years back when 
people were talking about lithium ion, we discussed and debated and decided that the best way 
to actually wet our feet is to get into it.  
And getting into cell manufacturer was too big a risk, at that point in time. So, we decided we'll 
get into module & packs making, which is why we invested in this company in this unit because 
it was a good way to understand this technology because once you start doing modules & packs, 
first of all, you understand what it takes to make modules & packs.  
And secondly, we also have discussions when we cell manufacturers, and we understand about 
cell manufacturing as well. So, this was really a kind of initial step, which we took. And after 
that three years, four years phase, unfortunately, those years were also marked with pandemic, 
so it slowed us down. But today, we have a very good understanding of what it takes to 
manufacture lithium-ion cells, which is not the same case with the other players who are today 
trying to get into this space because let me tell you, modules & packs making technology, it 
looks very simple, which is why you have so many units who are using sellotape and screw 
drivers to make these modules & packs and you know the end result of what is happening in the 
marketplace because of ill-conceived modules & packs.  
So, if you ever visit this plant, you will see how sophisticated a plant can be in terms of climate 
control, in terms of robotics. So it's a fully automated plant. So, it took us sometime to understand 
this because in India, you don't have this kind of experience at all, whether in the talent group or 
in the equipment space as well. So now we have a fairly good understanding of lithium-ion cell 
manufacturing technology. So that is why we have, now we took this major step, which involves 
a lot of capex as well of getting into cell manufacturer. And today, we are very well poised for 
a couple of reasons. One is we are today very well informed. We know exactly what, in our 
choice of partners and so on and so forth, we had a fairly good understanding because we have 
that head start which others unfortunately do not, number one.  
Number two is the major challenge here is to actually stabilize production. Now we have an all 
comprehensive, technology agreement with SVOLT, where they will be assisting us on a turnkey 
basis, setting up the plant and assisting us in the initial days of the production. So, we expect to 
have the same level of productivity and production and so on and so forth on par with SVOLT, 
who are today within the top 10 players in the world.  

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
The next challenge is the supply chain. Because any small player will not be able to command 
the same kind of pricing from the raw material supplier. Now supply chain is also tied up in this 
agreement. So, to cut a long story short, we can ride piggy bag on SVOLT, on the supply chain, 
which is a major advantage. 
The third thing is customer connect. Again, because we have been with the OEMs and other 
major customers in the energy space for the last 75 years, we have very deep customer connects. 
So, these are some of the things which we have tied up, which have come to our mind and we 
are adequately tied up. So, we hope this will takes us on a very good pedestal. 
And last but not the least, as I have said earlier also, I think we will be one of the first players in 
the multi-gigawatt hour lithium-ion space. Because our state of readiness is very high. We have 
already done the Bhumi Puja, already the construction activity is on the approvals which are 
necessary those are being worked out. So, we expect we will be one of the first few players.  
Again, I'm saying the multi-gigawatt hour space, not in 250 megawatts kind of those, there are 
one or two players doing that. So, first mover advantage. Let me tell you why this is important. 
The first mover advantage in this particular area or space is immense because we take 1-1.5 
years for this homologation exercise with any customer. This is not just a battery to start the car. 
These are better to move the car.  
And therefore, it takes a lot of time and effort to actually homologate any product with the 
customer. It takes about one year to 1.5 years. And I do believe that Exide will have that head 
start. So, anyone who wants to compete will have to have give that time one year to 1.5 years to 
get their products approved. So therefore, I think we are very well poised in this space. And 
starting 2024, whenever we start production, I think we will not see any dearth of demand that I 
can clearly see at this point in time. 
Shubha Makara:  
And justly, if you can briefly also touch as to why our plan was not selected in the PLI scheme? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Well, again, as I said, we were very well informed. We knew what it takes to actually get into 
this area. Now the people who competed with us, they did not have this information. They were 
attempting to get into PLI based on whatever information they had. But I strongly believe we 
had a far deeper level of information. Therefore, whatever we bid for was practical and 
something which was achievable, both in terms of indigenization and some of the other things, 
even to setup a plant, to setup 10 gigawatt of plant, what it takes is something that you only get 
to understand once you are deep into that exercise.  
So, I believe we had that information, and therefore, we bid for something which we thought we 
could do, not something which we could not or not something which was in the air. But again, I 
don't wish to comment on the others who have bid for it. I wish them all luck. But this is not an 
easy game. That's all I can tell you. We are not that, let me put it this way, of course, it would 
have been nice to get the PLI. But again, at the levels that which we bid, it's neither here nor 
there. It will not severely affect our profitability or anything else. Another thing, let me tell you, 
if you bid aggressively and you are not able to fulfill, there are penalties associated with PLI. 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec Capital. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sir, my question is that in our lithium-ion cell manufacturing facility, what is our plan to scale 
up the manufacturing to in terms of more value-added things in terms of supplying modules, 
supplying battery management system? I believe that it could also have a bearing on overall 
margin profile of this entity? And what is our target margin - EBITDA margin that we are 
looking at from this facility? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
So, as we have already declared, it's a multi chemistry and multi-format plant. So initially, we 
are looking at NCM and lithium-ion phosphate, so these two technologies. And in terms of 
format, we have the cylindrical cells, we have a prismatic cell, and we have also envisage, grade 
at some point in time. So, it is the largest possible prospection of product variant that one can 
think of, which we are planning for this plant.  
So, scaling up, depending on the, first initially, it will be 6-gigawatt hour and then another 6-
gigawatt hour. And then from then on, depending on the demand and how things shape up, we 
can scale up more, although it will have to be in another location because this area can only 
accommodate maximum of 12-gigawatt hour.  
In terms of margins, we strongly believe that margins should not be very different from what we 
earn for lead-acid battery business. So, it will not impact our overall margin situation. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sir, and for our Prantij facility, what is the current utilization level? And if you can give some 
flavor that which are the clientele we are servicing both on the automotive and the industrial 
side? And what is the margin expectation from the Prantij facility? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
The Prantij facility, as I explained earlier, you have to understand one thing. Value addition is 
70% with the cell, 30% with the module & packs. So, this is not a lithium-ion cell manufacturing 
plant. This is only a module & pack making plant. And therefore, as I have said, the idea is to 
basically get to understand the module & pack making and how it works and so on and so forth 
and then to homologate some of the products with our customers.  
And in terms of customer base, we have got a very diversified set- starting from buses to four-
wheelers to two-wheelers also in the stationary space. In fact, we have launched an inverter 
called ‘Integra’, which is actually sold by Exide, but manufactured at Prantij, with the lithium-
ion cells. So therefore, this is an exercise, but this plant is only 1.5-gigawatt hour. Now, as far 
as the Bangalore plant is concerned, there we will be having the balance modules packs making 
facility. This also we will use, and the balance, which will be required that will be setup in 
Bangalore along with the cell making plant. So this will kind of act together. So this is the plan 
right now. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sir, my final question is, sir, considering the shift from 4G to 5G in the telecom space, are we 
seeing some inquiries for lithium-ion batteries in the telecom space? And how far are we from 
delivering the solution for telecom? 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Subir Chakraborty: 
5G, let me tell you as far as 5G is concerned, 5G has two kinds of towers. Now they have the 
tower -- first and foremost 4G and 5G will be a separate-towers. They will not be the same. This 
is the information that we have got, but things can change because it's all a little fluid. What 
information we have got from the telecom companies is that the 5G towers will be separate.  
And 5G will also have rooftop last mile connectivity kind of thing, have rooftop smaller towers 
or transmission units. Now the ones which are non-rooftop, they will be taking the standard 300 
MCLR kind of VRLA cells so far, that is the indication. But the rooftop one, they have, right 
now, they are taking the 12-volt 42 ampere hour VRLA cells, that is the indication that we have 
got, and we have supplied a bit in this space.  
Going forward, this rooftop kind of thing, the smaller towers, they can accommodate lithium-
ion that is suited for lithium-ion actually. So going forward, this could accommodate lithium-
ion cell. But this is what the 5G rollout. But 5G rollout is still at a very initial state right now. It 
will take some more time. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCredCapital. 
Pramod Amthe: 
So basically, with regard to your Nexcharge, now you're buying out the entire stake of your 
partners, will there be a commitment to supply or source sales or whatever future requirement 
for your plant going forward from the partner? Or we will be on your own to find it out and 
chase it as you go forward? 
Management: 
We have absorbed all the technology already and so, there is no issue actually. And we were not 
sourcing any cell from there. They don't have -- they are a very small plant, in fact, the 250-
megawatt hour plant. And their cells are not cost competitive as far as India is concerned. So, 
we are not sourcing anything from there in any case. We already absorbed the technology.  
Pramod Amthe: 
And do you see still scope to have different assembly plants, one in for Nexcharge and the other 
one in Bangalore? Or it might make sense to consolidate everything that you want to do and get 
a scale benefit? 
Subir Chakraborty 
Right now, of course, we have had this share buyback arrangement, which we have done with -
- so we have taken the Lechlanche shares. And now it's with our 100% subsidiary. So, we have 
essentially right now two subsidiaries. One is the so-called Nexcharge subsidiary and another 
one is the Exide Energy Solutions Limited, which is the bigger effort, which is underway. So 
going forward, we will take the call how its pans out.  
Pramod Amthe: 
So related to that, considering you have some challenges for accepting your Nexcharge batteries. 
With the new regulations coming now in December and March for battery cells, have you 
received more acceptance for your product and inquires have gone up, you see more room for 
you to play for assembly now? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See, as I told you, this concern has basically stemmed out of what. It has stemmed out of fire. -
- number of fires have taken place that you must have seen in the press. So, this has suddenly 
raised the caution at all levels, both government and otherwise. So, we have to understand why 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
these fires are taken place. These fires have taken place because of lack of knowledge of this 
particular technology. 
One of the causes is that ill-designed module and packs that can lead to fire. See, you have to 
understand one thing, these modules, they require sophisticated thermal engineering. This is not 
just tying up some batteries together and making some connections. These are high technology 
area, even though it’s called modules and packs. So that is one thing. Second thing is there is a 
lot of lack of information. For example, let me tell you, Lithium-ion cells should never be 
transported in 100% Charged condition. This is not well known. 
 Normally, the recommendation is you should transport at 30%-35% level of charge. Now -- 
once we are getting into a new area, obviously, we learn as we go along. But some of these 
things can cause mishaps. So now, of course, people have woken up to this reality, and I'm sure 
the regulations will help to certainly streamline some of these concerns. As far as we are 
concerned, we are always ahead of the curve and we, right from the beginning, have taken all 
possible precautions to ensure that our products are safe and user friendly.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Navin Sahadeo from Nuvama Securities. Mr. Sahadeo 
I have unmuted your line kindly proceed with your question. As the current participant is not 
answering, we move on to the next participant. And the question is from the line of Vaibhav 
Zutshi from JPMorgan. 
Vaibhav Zutshi: 
My first question is on the export side related to lead acid batteries. Your share of exports has 
been rising over the past few years. So just wanted to understand what your aspirations in these 
markets? And could this be an opportunity for pricing an ESP improvement? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
These exports presents a very big opportunity for us because our products are accepted now all 
over the world. We are exporting to 60 countries globally. And to the first world in terms of one 
of our largest markets is Europe, US, the MECA region, Southeast Asia. So, we are fairly well 
spread out. And in certain product categories like traction cells, we are the vendor of choice by 
the largest forklift manufacturer in Germany. So, we are very well placed in this and we are 
growing rapidly. And we see good prospects going ahead. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
And just a follow-up here. We have heard that EVs also have an auxiliary battery, which required 
lead asset content. So, have you like kind of started supplying those batteries also to the current 
electric vehicles that are in the market? Any thoughts on that? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
We have a number of inquiries from various people to make the auxiliary batteries. It's called 
the auxiliary battery, which is required for your windows, power windows and wipers and so on 
and so forth. The main battery only drives the car. So yes, we are very much in this space, and 
we are manufacturing these batteries and there are a number of RFQs from various customers. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
And my second question is on the lithium-ion space. So, what we are seeing right now is that 
the cells are being sourced from, say, Korea, China and then getting assembled by some of the 
OEMs itself of themselves. But if I look at how strongly the government is focusing on 
localization content, if you were to include the battery cost, then localization content in EV is 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
quite low right now because of, obviously, cells are being potent. So, do you see regulations may 
be changing in favor of domestic cells manufacturers, including yourselves over the medium 
term? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Yes. I strongly believe so, because as I said, the value addition, again, generally speaking, is 
about 70% with the cell manufacturing and 30% with the module pack. So once that value comes 
within the country, I'm sure it will encourage other people also to get into it. And also, what is 
happening right now is it is motivating a lot of upstream activity in terms of anode, cathode and 
cell manufacturers to look at India as a destination to manufacture their products, which become 
inputs for our cell manufacturing. So therefore, number one, it will surely encourage a lot of 
manufacturing activity, number one. Number two is that I think the government is actively 
encouraging this Make in India, AatmaNirbhar concept. And once the industry gets going, I'm 
sure there will be a lot of encouragement from the government as -- and there is no reason as to 
why we should be not competitive. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS Group. 
Pramod Kumar: 
My first question is regarding your investments on the EV side. Can you just help us 
understand what the kind of workforce we have, which is dedicated to the lithium-ion project 
and for how long we've been having the lithium cell lab in-house in the company because that's 
again quite important. So, if you can just help us understand this to begin with. 
Subir Chakraborty: 
How many people. So, people, we have started taking -- we have already completed the top-
tier recruitment as I said earlier, N-1, N-2 recruitments are in place. So, the team is working 
out of a next shift office in Bangalore, soon as soon as the offices – the office space is ready in 
our site, they will move there. So, we have very qualified people working -- already we have 
started to work there. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes, we are in a way in the buildup space on the R&D side on the on the EV -- for the lithium 
battery project. 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Yes. So, have got, for example, we recruited our CTO. So, she is building the R&D this thing 
under her in terms -- initially in terms of talent. And once the actual building comes up, the 
trial line and so on and so forth. All that is required for R&D, that will be set up. So, we are 
well on our way to make a very, very modern and state-of-the-art plant in Bangalore. 
Pramod Kumar:  
And sir, on the lithium cell lab, do we have a cell lab in-house already. 
Subir Chakraborty: 
No, we are going to make one. We are going to make on Lithium. As I said, lithium-ion cell 
manufacturing, that entire project has yet got the green signal in terms of the land from the 
government. And now the construction activity, Bhumi-puja has just been done. So 
construction activity has started. So all the lab and other things will be set up there in that 
facility. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And so \, parallelly, are you already making investments on the BMS side, sir, for software 
development for the BMS because you would want to be seen as the integrated player, right? 

 
 
Exide Industries Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Subir Chakraborty: 
See that the module at the BMS, that is what I was saying earlier, that has already been seeded 
with the Nexcharge facility. So, it’s already we are well on that as far. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And have we commercialized that, some asset because what we're seeing is some of the BMS 
which come from abroad or technology, which is also at haven't been exactly very impactful in 
India. Because...  
Subir Chakraborty: 
BMS has to be customized with the customer -- it cannot be just a general BMS. It and what 
the customer wants, what is looking at, whether he wants us to do the BMS, sometimes the 
customer do the BMS themselves. So, there are lots of variants, which are possible here. So 
whichever customer wants the BMS, we'll be happy to help them do it or do it ourselves and 
sell it to them, whichever way they want. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And sir, you did talk about this cell-manufacturing facility is coming up. But when will it be 
ready, sir, so that – because it will be really interesting to come and see one of the -- one of the 
first large plants, which is being set up in India. So what is the expected timeline there? 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Timeline is 2024 towards -- I mean, basically, 2024, '25 financial year if you look at it, it will 
be towards the latter part, not towards the beginning of '24, '25, but it was a later part. Full-
scale production should start from ‘25, ‘26 onwards. So initially few months will go in 
stabilizing the production. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this would be the last question for today, which is from the line of 
Navin Sahadeo from Nuvama Securities. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes. I have just one question. Is it possible to share the technical collaboration agreement 
terms with SVOLT that we have? Again, you said they're going to help us set up the plant and 
also stabilize production in the initial phase. So are we -- the fee or the consultancy charges or 
like the collaboration amount that there will be agreed. Is it a percentage of sales or a fixed like 
revenue to be paid to them? And over what period that will be really helpful. 
Subir Chakraborty: 
So, to answer your question briefly, it is not possible for us to divulge he exact details of an 
agreement, because it would reach the confidentiality clause. But overall, I can tell you, it is a 
standard technology license agreement where there is an upfront payment and there is a royalty 
payout. It is nothing out of the ordinary. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Subir Chakraborty: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. If you have 
any further questions or would like to know more about the company, we would be happy to 
give your assistance. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Exide Industries, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
