 
 
Date: 23rd November, 2022 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Department of Corporate services 
Phirojee Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400023  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051   
 
Scrip Code: 500136 
Symbol: ESTER 
 
Subject: Transcripts of Earning call held on 16th November 2022  
Dear Sir 
In continuation of our letter dated 16th November 2022 regarding Audio recording of Earnings 
call for Investors and Analysts and pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) 2015, the transcripts is enclosed herewith and available on the 
website of the company at the following link- 
https://www.esterindustries.com/node/1124  
 
Please take same on your records. 
Thanking You  
Yours Faithfully  
For Ester Industries Limited                                                         
 
 
Diwaker Dinesh   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Head-Legal & Company Secretary   
 
 
 
DIWAKER 
DINESH
Digitally signed 
by DIWAKER 
DINESH 
Date: 2022.11.23 
18:23:51 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
        
 
Ester Industries Limited  
Q2 H1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 16, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ester Industries Limited 
Q2 H1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
 
  
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to Ester Industries 
Q2 and H1 FY'23 Analyst and Investor Conference Call. 
 
 
We have with us today is Mr. Pradeep Kumar Rustagi, Executive Director, 
Corporate Affairs; and Mr. Girish Behal, Business Head. 
 
 
We will begin this call with opening remarks from the Management, following 
which we will have the floor open for interactive Q&A session. 
 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and a note to this effect 
was sent to you in the invite earlier. 
 
 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Pradeep Kumar Rustagi to make his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Pradeep. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Thank you, Gavin, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I will begin 
the call with a brief overview of the businesses, followed by walk-through of 
financial performance for the quarter and half year under review. 
 
 
We have had a good first half wherein both Films and Specialty Polymers 
reported good volumes of sales, resulting in higher revenue growth. In terms 
of profitability, our results for the quarter have been mixed. While the Film  
business performance was muted due to commissioning of new capacities, 
inflationary pressure on cost of conversion and operations and a challenging 
macroeconomic environment, we are happy with the growth of our high-
margin Specialty Polymer business.  
 
Let me elaborate on the performance of each business segment. 
 
: 
So starting with the Specialty Polymer business, Specialty Polymer business 
had a stellar run with Q2 registering higher sales and EBIT in terms of 
absolute terms till today. Improved performance, both in terms of revenue 
and profitability was driven by volume with better product mix as well as 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
higher sales value. We continue to see good traction for our marquee 
products mainly MB03 and Innovative PBT. Sales of our lead and 
established offering, MB03 were in line with the quarterly run rate at 423 
metric tons. Innovative PBT witnessed considerable traction with sales 
volume of 605 metric tons for the quarter, higher by 25% on a sequential 
basis and more than double on a year-on-year basis. Overall volumes for 
the business are higher by 15.3% compared to Q1 FY'23. While on a year-
on-year basis, we had a growth of about 41%. This business, as we have 
discussed before, is one whose cornerstone is innovation and a portfolio of 
patented products with largely unique value propositions. We continue to 
enhance our capabilities through fresh investment and focus on 
development of new innovative products. 
 
 
EBIT for the quarter stood at Rs. 23 crore as against Rs.17 crore generated 
during Q2 FY'22, higher by 36%. Margins for the quarter in terms of 
percentage moderated in comparison with the corresponding quarter last 
year and stood at 32%. The selling prices are linked to the movement of 
input prices. While it is possible that in the near term, demand may be 
impacted by inflationary in the global markets, especially U.S., in the long 
term, we remain extremely bullish about this business, which is the patented 
expanding product portfolio. We have some exciting new products in the 
pipeline, which are expected to start getting commercialized in the first half 
of calendar year '23. 
 
: 
Moving on to the Film business. Growth in revenue   was mainly driven by 
increase in feedstock prices leading to higher per-unit realization. While 
sales are marginally higher on a year-on-year basis, on a sequential basis, 
though we have seen some moderation owing to benign margins. The 
addition of new capacities in India have resulted demand-supply imbalance 
with the supply exceeding demand. This, in turn, has resulted in pressure on 
margins. Another reason for lower operating performance is inflationary 
pressure resulting in higher cost of conversion and operations, especially 
power and fuel, and logistics stores. 
 
: 
The demand-supply imbalance in India, global slowdown & macro 
environment is expected to see the industry continue to face challenges in 
the near term.  
 
We expect the situation to normalize in medium to long term and expect the 
margins to improve as growth in demand is expected to continue at the rate 
of 11% to 13% per annum domestically, and 6%, to 6.5% per annum 
globally. We continue to increase our focus on enhancing proportion of 
value-added products, which will help mitigate the cyclical nature of 
business. We remain positive about the business in medium to long term. 
Furthermore, the commission of new units in Telangana, that is estimated to 
have low cost of conversion and operations due to a state-of-art 
manufacturing facility, should also help us scale up our business and 
improve profitability profile of the business. 
 
 
Moving on to Engineering Plastic business. Q2 represented the last quarter 
for us, consequent to transfer of Engineering Plastic business as a going 
concern on slump sale basis to Radici Plastic India Private Limited on 15 
September ’22. The prospects of this business, therefore, are not relevant 
to the discussion. The sale of Engineering Plastic business has happened 
at the right time as margins that peaked in June '21 have started to 
normalize. Proceeds from the slump sale have enabled the company to 
improve its liquidity position and further strengthen the leveraging, as 

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
demonstrated by net debt-EBITDA multiple of 0.23x as at 30th September 
’22. Surplus liquidity of about Rs.207 crore generated through sale of 
business has been invested in safe and secure financial instruments. 
 
 
The transaction has not only enabled the company to further strengthen its 
balance sheet but will also provide the requisite growth capital for scaling of 
the core business of the company, namely Polyester Films and Specialty 
Polymers. Transaction with Radici Plastics is also a reflection of Ester’s 
ability to build a business and create value. 
 
: 
We are confident of the long-term growth outlook for both our businesses. 
Commissioning of our new units will help to further strengthen our 
competitive position as new unit will turn out to be low cost operations. Our 
strong balance sheet offers comfort and is supportive of our growth plans. 
 
 
That concludes our remarks about the business. I will now walk you through 
financial performance for the quarter and half year ended September 30, '22, 
post of which we can begin the Q&A session. 
 
 
Starting with the top line, revenues on the continuing operations is stood at 
Rs.304 crore as against Rs.259 crore reported during Q2 FY'22, that is 
higher by 17.4%. Revenues from discontinued operations of Engineering 
Plastic business, it stood at Rs.58 crore as Rs.74 crore reported during Q2 
FY'22, lower by 21%. On a half-yearly basis, revenue from continuing 
operations stood at Rs.629 crore as against Rs.519 crore, higher by about 
21%. This improvement is driven by both Film and Specialty Polymer 
businesses. 
 
 
On a half-year basis, revenue from discontinued operations of VC business, 
stood at Rs.136 crore as against Rs.133 crore reported during H1 FY'22, 
marginally higher by 2%. EBITDA for the quarter from continued operations 
stood at Rs.30 crore as against Rs.41 crore generated during Q2 FY'22. 
EBITDA for the H1 FY'23 from continued operations stood at Rs.92 crore as 
against Rs.83 crore generated during H1 FY'22. 
 
 
During Q2 FY'23, moderation in profitability of film business was partially 
made good by a strong performance of Specialty Polymer business. From 
disposal of discontinued business, company earned profit before tax of 
Rs.148 crore and profit after tax of Rs.114 crore. Thus, Company, as a 
whole, earned profit before tax of Rs.168 crore and PAT of Rs.127 crore as 
against PBT of Rs.44 crore and PAT of Rs.33 crore earned during Q2 FY'22. 
PAT for the H1 FY'23 stood at Rs.169 crore as against Rs.71 crore earned 
during H1 FY'22. 
 
: 
As of September 30, ’22, outstanding interest bearing debt, stood at Rs.294 
crore. Debt net of cash and liquid investment stood at Rs.50 crore, which is 
0.23x -- for the current financial year. We expect our interest outgo net of 
returns on liquid investments would be significantly lower than current levels 
going forward. We remain committed towards maintaining a strong balance 
sheet that is supportive of our growth initiatives. 
 
 
That brings me to the end of our opening remarks. We would now like to 
open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Deepan Shankar from Trustline PMS. 
 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Sir, firstly, I wanted to understand how have been the BOPET prices 
behaving over October and November so far. 
 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So we'll share with you the numbers for the commodity film, which is 12-
micron corona In October, the prices were in the range of Rs.104 to Rs.105. 
and in November, it has reduced to about Rs.97, Rs.98. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
So over medium term, what will be the outlook? And what would be the driver 
for BOPET films prices, sir? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So as the demand improves, because the demand is continuously growing 
at about 11% to 13% domestically and overseas, it is growing at about -- 
globally at about 6% to 6.5%. There will be continuous growth in demand. 
And as the macroeconomic situation also improves, we should see 
improvement in the performance. And therefore, we are confident and 
positive about the performance of the business in the medium to long term. 
 
Deepan Shankar: 
Are we expecting strong supply growth coming up in -- over the next 2, 3 
years? 
 
Girish Behal: 
Yes, I will answer. I think just to add on what Preedap just said, earlier, last 
few quarters, the ocean freights were running very high which were 
becoming an obstacle for being competitive in many of the export markets. 
Freight rate levels are normalizing now, so which is making many more 
markets, very, very competitive from supply in India. So that is going to add 
to the demand prospects for the industry. Few lines have also got tied up to 
a large extent. I think 2 or 3 more lines that are expected in the next financial 
year, probably looking at the demand prospects and opening up the global 
economies and ocean freight normalization, the medium to looks to be better 
than what you're having correctly. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Lohia from Bowhead India Fund. 
Please go ahead 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
Sir, in terms of metric ton, can you please quantify what kind of demand is 
there. You said that the demand is growing at 11% to 13%, but if you can 
quantify in metric tons? And similarly, for capacities, what kind of capacities 
were there as of September-end or as of today, what kind of capacities were 
added in the last 6-months? And what kind of capacity addition would be 
there in the next 12 months? 
 
Girish Behal: 
Yes. I think the demand -- the first question is regarding demand. You're 
talking -- I think you're talking about the demand in India. So let's say, the 
demand in India is around anywhere between 50,000 to 60,000 tons per 
month. And, if you look at some capacities, which are added in last 6 months 
or so, from, let's say, April till now. So, probably, I think 4 lines got started. 
And we think that over the next 12 months, maybe 3 to 4 lines may get 
added. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
A line of how many tons, sir? 
 
Girish Behal: 
Let’s simply take a thumb rule a line of, let's say, 3,000 tons per month. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
And what was the industry capacity as on today or what is the industry 
capacity as on today? 
 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think industry capacity as of today could be around anywhere around 
80,000 tons per month. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So 10 lakhs, 1 million tons per annum. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
So that's substantial. And this includes -- these 12 lines include our Capex 
also, right, which is coming up in. 
 
Girish Behal: 
Yes, these lines – correct. All the numbers that I'm saying, that includes our 
line 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, you mentioned about the price being or coming 
down from Rs.104 to Rs.97, but can you give a gross value addition per kg 
for last quarter and what it is right now? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Last quarter, in 12 micron corona, we had value addition, which is selling 
price minus raw material cost of about Rs.28, Rs.29 a kg. And currently, it is 
plus of Rs.20 in the month of November. 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think it would be in the range of Rs.20 to Rs.25. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
And sir, I understand that it's difficult to the moment in the specialty business 
now because of the global trends, but on the longer run, let's say, 1 or 2 
years, what kind of revenue and margins we can do over there? And if you 
can give some further details on the product side, MB-03 right now, you said 
it's 423 metric ton per quarter, right? But next 1 or 2 years, what kind of 
product or the size of the market and the size of this product could be, let's 
say, in FY’25? Then similarly for innovative PBT or MB07, MB06 and 
LMC03? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So in the current year FY'23, we expect to do a volume of about 1,200 to 
1,300 tons of MB03 and about 1,400 to 1,500 tons of innovative PBT. Given 
the current situation that is prevailing in the world, I think at this point in time, 
it will not be right on our part to give you an indication of what the volumes 
could be in the financial year ended March '24 or '25, but it would definitely 
be better than March '23, that is for sure. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
Let's say, if the world is in a normalized, if we live in a normalized world, 
what kind of potential is there for these products, MB03 and innovative PVT 
or any other major product we have in Specialty polymer line. 
 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So we can be sort of we can look at a growth of about more than 25% to 
30% in the top line of Specialty Polymer in each of the following years, and 
let's say, March '24 and '25. So we can look at  if we were to give it a broad 
range of growth that we can see in the revenue, anything between 25% to 
35% is the revenue growth that we can easily target, and we are confident 
of doing, provided the situation comes back to normal in terms of the 
economic environment. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
And margins, EBIT margins would be north of 35%? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
As we have been maintaining and as is evident from the results that are on 
the table, we can easily expect EBIT margins, earnings before interest tax 
of about plus of 30% to 33%. So anything between 33% to 37% 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
This is before unallocable, right? 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Yes, it is based on the direct expenses, yes. The common expenses are not 
deductive from it. These are as per the segmental results that are drawn in 
terms of accounting standards, prevailing accounting standards. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
Understood. And the last question, sir, the cash we got from the deal, about 
Rs.200 crore. Have we decided whether we are going to distribute it or you 
would be think we are thinking about other Capex once this Capex comes... 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So we have certain amounts of Capex already drawn for the financial year 
'23 and '24. And instead of raising loan, we would rather use these funds. 
And therefore, as of now, these are retained in the business to meet the 
capital expenditure requirement of the company. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
So the Capex would pertain to what? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
These are for debottlenecking, efficiency improvement. So there is certain 
investment in capacity for value-added and Specialty product in polyester 
film. So efficiency improvement, value-added and specialty product 
enhancement, etc. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
Understood. And how much Capex you're looking at? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
We are looking at close to Rs.200 crore of expenditure between -- by March 
'24. 
 
Gaurav Lohia: 
By March '24. This is over and above the Capex that we have undertaken, 
right? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
No, this is the Capex that is undertaken. It doesn't take into account any 
fresh capital expenditure. This was the capital expenditure approved for the 
2 financial years ended March, 24. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alpesh Lad from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Alpesh Lad: 
Actually, I wanted to get a broader view on the Specialty Polymer business. 
And specifically, I wanted to ask that, is there any slowdown in the approval 
process for the new products that we have launched in the Specialty Polymer 
business? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
As we have taken in our presentation in the near term, following 1 or 2 
quarters, because of the inflationary trend in U.S., there could be some 
pressure on the volumes and therefore, the top line and bottom line of   
Specialty Polymer. But as the situation improves, we should very soon be 
bouncing back to the normal levels, and then we should have an increasing 
trend going forward. 
 
Alpesh Lad: 
There is no slowdown in any approval process for the products side? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
On the new products, there are products under development. There are 
products at various stages of approval. Those are progressing at the right 
pace, and we should be coming out with new products in the first half of the 
calendar year '23. By June or September '23, we should be coming out with 
new products as well. 
 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
Alpesh Lad: 
In specifically, the polyester film business, in other companies as well, we 
have witnessed some demand slowdown from an end-user industries like 
Textile. So have our product demand has also been hampered because of 
the same during the quarter? 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think we are not much present for polyester film for textiles. So that is not 
the segment we operate in. But yes, the textile market in general is affected. 
so the films requirement in textile market is affected, so which is impacting 
the total film demand on an overall basis in India. 
 
Alpesh Lad: 
Okay. And my last question is now we have seen a higher revenue from 
Specialty Polymer business in this quarter. So like, at what level are we 
expecting this revenue to stabilize or the percentage of revenue from 
Specialty Polymer business to stabilize out of our total revenue? 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think the way – I would rather answer the way to be in line with what Mr. 
Rustagi has answered in the previous question, that at least a 25% to 30% 
revenue growth is something that what we can look forward in times to come. 
 
Alpesh Lad: 
Right. 
 
Girish Behal: 
In a normalized scenario, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jatin Damania from Kotak Securities. 
 
Jatin Damania: 
So sir, I just wanted to check that you said that the current monthly demand 
on BOPET is around 50,000 to 60,000 tons with an installed capacity of 
80,000 tons. Now with a couple of lines we have already seen came up in 
FY'23 and another 3, 4 lines coming in. So don't you think that it could be 
immense pressure on the supply side in the medium term, which can weigh 
on the overall margins of the business? 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think, let me just rephrase what I said earlier. I mentioned the last 6 months, 
I think, 4 to 5 lines have started, which let's say, from April to, let's say, 
October, we are talking about. And the previous question was how many 
new lines are expected in the next 12 months? Again, 3, 4 new lines are also 
expected in the next 12 months or so. That change, yes, this capacity has 
put some pressure because many of the export markets, which were not 
available to Indian producers because of higher ocean freight, that is now 
available. So, ocean freights have come crashing down. So at least many of 
the markets which is available to Indian producers. And we are also happy 
that despite textile slowdown, but overall, other consumption sectors for 
polyester films are doing well. So we are very optimistic about the future of 
the business. 
 
Jatin Damania: 
That's true. But if you look at the globally, because of the inflation, definitely, 
the demand is not doing that good. And given the current spread I don't do 
we think that this current spread that you mentioned of plus Rs.20, Rs.25, 
its sustainable in the near to medium term, or probably we can see spreads 
coming down to around Rs.10 to Rs.15 for the overall packaging business. 
 
Girish Behal: 
Yes. I think we expect the spreads to improve in coming times. While we are 
talking about the global market and probably recession worry, we have to be 
mindful of the higher energy cost across the board, which are 
intrupting/hurting the overseas producer more. So we see a reasonably good 
opportunity for Indian producers. 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
Jatin Damania: 
Sir, can you help us in understanding the breakup of spreads in terms of 
your BOPET and your Specialty business? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Both are two different business products. So there's no rationale in drawing 
a comparison between margins of Specialty Polymer and Films business. 
 
Jatin Damania: 
No, sir, I totally agree. But if you say that your Specialty business will 
continue to you are likely to maintain 25%, 30%. So just looking at in terms 
of the EBITDA contribution that can come from the Specialty over a longer 
period of time as compared to the BOPET, where we might see a margin 
pressure. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So we told you that in the Specialty Polymer business, the EBIT margins, 
earnings before interest is expected to be in the range of 32% to 37% of the 
sales revenue. So that's the kind of margins because there is no competition. 
It is just that as the volume picks up the top line and the bottom line improves 
in Specialty Polymer. In Film, the margins are more market-driven. But we’ll 
continue to work on value-added and Specialty Products and our proportion 
of value-added and Specialty Products is going up quarter by quarter. We 
are currently at about 24%, out of the total sales of polyester films. 24% is in 
the form of by terms of quantity, in the form of value-added and specialty 
products. 
 
Girish Behal 
I think one more thing which could be the new line is expected to start, that 
is also going to add a lot of new volume available that will help the profitability 
in the company. 
 
Jatin Damania: 
And sir, last bit on the Capex, sir, of the Rs.200 crore, how much we have 
already spent? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
it is already -- none out of that has been spent. It is kept in the liquid 
investment. So we have not yet used any funds out of the sale proceeds of 
Engineering Plastic segment. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratap Makwana from Forbes Marshall 
Private Limited. 
 
Pratap Makwana: 
My first question, the revenue compensation of the sold plastic business, 
can we expect it will be revenue compensation will be there in from the Q3 
onwards? So we can see that Q3 will be now the sold plastic business sale 
opportunity, which has been lost will be compensated from the higher top 
line from Q3 onwards? 
 
 
And in addition to that, what is the additional revenue we expect from the 
Telangana plant, which is which is coming up operational from the 
December. So how much revenue will be additionally available on top of 
that? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So going by the current scenario, we don't I mean, it would not be possible 
to make good the lost revenue of Engineering Plastic business in Q3 and Q4 
of the current financial year. So next year onwards, we may be able to 
compensate the loss of revenue by increased revenue from segment films 
& Specialty Polymer business. 
 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
As far as Telengana operations are concerned, we expect to generate 
revenue of about Rs. 600 crore once the capacity utilization reaches almost 
the optimum level. 
 
Pratap Makwana: 
My second question, so '21-'22 was the Rs.1,400 crore, how much your 
expectations on the top line growth for '20 to '22? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Yes. So if we exclude the Engineering Plastics, we should be closing the 
year anything between Rs.1,200 crore to Rs.1,250 crore. 
 
Pratap Makwana: 
Can we expect dividend yield as now company is now rich in case? And 
regularly, there are two dividends. One is the interim and full. So can we 
expect the interim dividend, which is the pending for '21-'22 will be available 
for shareholders? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
We have a dividend payout policy, which has been very well drafted by the 
Board of Directors. We will stick to the policy and distribute dividends in 
terms of provision of that policy. 
 
Pratap Makwana: 
And any effect on attrition on a similar kind of industry, so people are 
switching on and leveraging the opportunity, that is yielding any negative 
part on the operational side? 
 
Girish Behal: 
No, I think that's not a concern that we have. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, if you could outline what has actually happened in the film 
business, wherein whether this is a lower demand scenario that has led to 
margin squeeze or the raw material pass-on lag effect is there. so if you 
could delve more the reason special for the film business performance going 
down? 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think in the previous set of questions, we explained about some slowdowns 
in the textile market and some slowdowns in the global market. Plus on top 
of that, there's some capacity expansion, which has resulted into an 
imbalance in the demand-supply equation that has put pressure on the 
spreads. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Saket, so the raw material cost has not gone up since June '22. So there is 
no question of passing on the increased raw material costs. It is just the 
reasons that Girish has just now explained, which are the lower performance 
can be attributed to these reasons. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, how has the raw material market been have fared for this 
quarter, if we give the breakup for this effect and MEG prices. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Yes. So if you look at the September quarter, the PTA was about Rs.79 a 
kg, MEG was Rs.51 and the raw material cost was Rs.85. In the month of 
October, the same is in the range of Rs.81 to Rs.82. And in November, it is 
Rs.77 to Rs.78. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And what has been the price range for both PTA and MEG post 
September quarter? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Yes. PTA in November, it is Rs.72. Currently, it is at Rs.72. MEG is at Rs.44 
a kg. 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So there is a significant decline in MEG prices. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Yes. So yes, MEG and PTA, both prices have declined in the last 7 to 8 
months. In June, it was Rs.87 down to Rs.72 for PTA, MEG was Rs. 57, 
down to Rs.44, Rs.45 in the month of November. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, then what explains this cost of material consumed increased quarter-on-
quarter from Rs.188 crore to Rs.192 crore, it is mainly because of the 
Specialty Polymer that this thing has happened or... 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So you are comparing this quarter to which quarter? 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
I'm comparing Q-o-Q. Sir, June '22 our revenue was Rs.324 crore and the 
raw material consumption was Rs.188 crore. September, revenue is Rs.304 
crore and the raw material consumption is Rs.192 crore. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So it is not a case of the revenue is down because the selling prices have 
reduced. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct, sir. And the raw material consumption has gone up. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Raw material is almost the same. The volumes in Specialty Polymer has 
increased. So for Film business the key  raw materials are PTA, MEG. In 
Specialty Polymers, there are other products also. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And sir, also for this quarter, there was a lower employee benefit 
expense booked for this quarter. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So what happened that we have we generally created a provision for sharing 
our profit with the Executive Directors. That has not been provision has not 
been made in this quarter, looking at the lower performance. That's the 
reason there is a lesser burden on account of salary wages in this quarter. 
No provision has been created for commission payable to the Executive 
Directors, the whole-time Directors. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So that is temporarily only, post third quarter numbers, we can again get. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Everything will depend on the profit that we generate. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. Now, coming to the percentage of value-added in business, what 
has been the percentage of tonnage term for this quarter as well as for first 
half? And sir, overall, for the debt, which we are also, sir, please provide the 
cost of fund and how with the increase in the repo rate, that is going to affect 
our finance costs. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Yes. So, out of the 15,000 tons that we have sold of polyester film in the 
quarter ended September '22, about 3,500 tons have been sold in the form 
of value-added and specialty products, which is 23% of the total volume. And 
in terms of value, it is contributing to 35% of the value of Polyester Film 
business. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And going ahead also, that we are looking for this band, only 22% to 
23%, or we are looking to enhance it further? 
  
 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Girish Behal: 
The steps that we have taken, we have committed an investment for 
enhancing the volume of the products. We are putting some offline and other 
capacities to be able to broaden our offering. And going forward, of course, 
the new capacity in Hyderabad plant, that could come in, probably that may 
not have similar levels of the product mix. But let's say, our existing facility, 
the share will keep on growing. We have committed a sizable capacity 
expansion for enhancing this portfolio. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, for value addition what kind of Capex have we envisaged for the 
existing line? 
 
Girish Behal: 
So for the enhancing Specialty Films, so probably, we have committed 
additional Capex in the coating and metalizing machines. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Any amount that you would like to say? How much? 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think it will be in the circle of about I think all assets put together, it will be 
close of close to about Rs. 40-odd crore. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
  And sir, for the new greenfield plant, Girish sir, you were mentioning that 
we will not have the same product profile there. So any reason, sir, why it 
will be only commoditized film that we’ll start with, or if you could give some 
more color which aspects are you going to cater from the new facility? 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think that the new line is especially design line. There also our strategy of 
serving specialty film would continue to play. But the movement the line 
starts in the specialty portfolio will not come from Day 1. So there are also 
there are plans for building a specialty portfolio from that plant as well. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. But sir, taking this into account, the current environment, would we 
take a number of time for us to ramp up the capacity, or how will the ramping 
up will happen so going since they are seeing a drop in demand. How do we 
see the commercialization coming up, sir? And what is the event base we 
are working with? 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think, let's say, we are talking about in today's scenario where there is a 
recession fear across the globe, that may have some minor impact on the 
ramp-up, but that would not be significant. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
I would just like to add, Saket, you said drop in demand. There is no drop in 
demand. It says that the additional capacities are available. We are not 
seeing contraction in demand. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, so to reach the optimum level for the new plant, will take longer time. 
So this understanding is correct, sir? 
 
Girish Behal: 
There could be a minor issue, but we don't expect any significant change in 
the ramp-up time, which we have envisaged. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, the per kg margin, you were mentioning some figures, Girish sir, I 
missed that. What are we seeing that to increase going ahead because of 
the lower raw material prices? 
 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So Rs.20, Rs.25, you mentioned, I missed – there was a drop in the 
line. 
 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Girish Behal: 
Yes, Rs.20, Rs.25 is that spread probably that is happening as of now. But 
then the way we expect things, the spread levels to improve going forward. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
What was the spread for the first half, sir? 
 
Girish Behal: 
I don't have the numbers. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Yes, I have the number. The first june quarter, it was very good. It was plus 
of Rs.50. In September quarter, it dropped to about Rs.28 or Rs.29. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And last year, average, sir, do you have it? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Last year, I have quarter-by-quarter, not the – so if we talk of 12 micron 
corona, June '21 was about Rs.36, September was about Rs.36. December 
was very good at Rs.46. And March, it improved to about Rs.55, Rs.56. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
My one question was unanswered about the debt part, sir. The cost of fund 
has gone up, sir? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Yes. Yes. The debt the cost of debt in Ester Industries has gone up because 
the reverse repo rate has increased, 140 basis points is the increase. But 
our increase is not 140 basis points, it’s close to 100 basis points. But on a 
net outflow basis, we should see less burden on the P&L because we have 
this value of about Rs.200 odd crore. which will generate some income. And 
therefore, net outflow on account of finance interest expenses would be 
lesser in the following quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Nagda, an individual investor. 
 
Ravi Nagda: 
Sir, my question is about Specialty products. You said from most some 
products, which are in the patent will start contributing. So, what are your 
products? Can you give details of the products? 
 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think in the initial remark, we mentioned about MB03, IQPBT and MD07. 
So there’s a long list of products that we do there. 
 
Ravi Nagda: 
But some time back, you had said LMC03, that could be the -- product. And 
we’re still not seeing...  
 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
That is also a product under development, yes. 
 
Ravi Nagda: 
Under development or it is approved? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
It was approved. See, the volume offtake has to begin in a big way because 
of the inflationary pressure in the U.S., there is some slowdown in the take-
off.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Miraj, an individual Investor. 
 
Miraj: 
Sir, the sales in this quarter are a little bit less. So in the next quarter, could 
it be lower or is it showing some growth? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
It would be difficult to share the number at this point in time. But it could be 
lower than the September '22 quarter. 
 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Miraj: 
Okay, sir and this Telangana plant, in December by when will it earlier, you 
had mentioned that it will start in October. So now it will start in December, 
right? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So the operation at the Telangana plant will start in December so its impact 
on revenue will be seen from the March quarter. We would have started the 
plant earlier, but there is an external matter. We have not gotten the power 
connection yet. The state government is yet to provide that. Once, that is 
available, we are ready to go with the commercial production. From our side, 
we have completed all aspects of the commissioning and trial production, 
etc. 
 
Miraj: 
So, it’s revenue will start coming in from Q1 FY'24, right? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Fourth quarter of FY'23, you can assume. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Nagdha. an individual investor. 
 
Ravi Nagdha: 
Sir, this LMC03 will it be a game changing new product in Specialty Polymer, 
whose volumes have been very good? Something that you are introducing 
next year. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
There are many products in various stages. A few have been approved by 
the customers, few are in the process of being approved. And all the 
products that we are talking about are getting developed. They are going to 
add to the profitability of the business. So each one is going to have good 
margins, and we expect to maintain EBIT margins of more than 32%, 35% 
going forward as well. So each product that will get developed or that will get 
commercialized will add to the performance of the business. 
 
Ravi Nagdha: 
And sir, and this Spcialty Polymer business is concentrated in the U.S. so it 
is very risky as it is in a single country. So are we trying to target China, 
Europe, so do some sales there? 
 
Girish Behal: 
Our current Specialty Polymer business is there in the U.S., is it also there 
in China, it is also there in Europe to some extent. And we are focusing on 
all the geographies because we are working on various products various 
concepts, which are promising, let's say, which can offer a potential of 
thousands of tons of one particular product in all the categories that we are 
working on. And we are focusing on all the geographies. We are not only 
focusing on U.S. 
 
Ravi Nagdha: 
And sir, that product called LMC03, the use of that is to make the final 
product recyclable, right? 
 
Girish Behal: 
LMC, yes, it removes, let's say, a binding component with the polyester 
component to make the entire product recyclable as it is. 
 
Ravi Nagdha: 
That product has been approved. So, what is the reason that the sales have 
not been started yet? 
 
Girish Behal: 
There are -- because there are various steps of qualification involved in each 
of the products. So it is taking time, and it is at different stages of approval 
at different customers. 
 
Ravi Nagdha: 
So sir, what is a realistic timeline for that to approve? 
 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Girish Behal: 
I think it's very difficult to clarify an exact timeline because each project and 
each customer and each company is different. So what we can say at this 
stage, at least the product and the approval process is moving well. And 
there are certain concerns related to the global economic scenario, probably 
this may put some weight on the entire progress. But we remain optimistic 
about the future, which these products are offering. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
We have been maintaining that so from the let's say, by June of  '22 - '23, 
the first half of the calendar year next, we should see immediate traction in 
the Specialty Polymer business. 
 
Ravi Nagdha: 
And from this all MB06, 07, all of these, all products? 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
The other products, the existing products also. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the Management for closing 
comments. 
 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Thank you so much for participating in the earnings call. We look forward to 
meet you all next quarter in the month of January or February early February 
or late January. Thank you 
 
  
