frJKcement
JK Cement Ltd.
Cl N : L1 7229UP1 994P1C0171 99
Registered Office
fr Kamla Tower, Kanpur-208001, U.P., lndia
(} +91 -512-237 1478 to 85 €i +91 -512-2999854
I shambhu.singh@jkcement.com
@ www,jkcement.com
15.tt.2022
I 0
)
4
I
NEAPS
Dear Sirs,
Sincerely
Sub: Transcript _of fnvestor CaIt on the Company,s e2 Fy22-23 Earnings.
fi:fi,*T.']f;, il;:tJl;*1"*F'u oLLIJi, and Discrosure Requiremenis)
The Investor call/Earning call was held on l4.ll.2022after declaration of result for the euarter
ended september' 2022'Please n"o 
"tttrrtra^,rt. ti*rrrnoi"rtr* said Investor call. prease take the
ffi :i'""1?:'i$:'i#'iJn:lT,fij,,ilyil;ffi;euproaded,r,,Jatranscript;;;;
$l*""r \r
Shambhu Singh
Vice President (Leeal) & Company Secretary
FCS No. 5836
Corporate Office
e Padam Tower, 19 DDA Community Centre
Okhta, Phase - 1, New Dethi - 110020, lndia
re +011-49220000
O admin.padamtower@jkcement.com
@ www.jkcement.com
J K 5EPEH
JKCEMENT 
3
wclllt3lx)K
CEM ENT
BUILD SAFE
mite Cement Wall Putty
Manufacturing Units at :
Nimbahera, Mangrot, Gotan (Rajasthan) | Muddapur (Karnataka)
Jharli (Haryana) | Katni (M.P,) | Atigarh (U.P.) | Batasinor (Gujarat)
te-t
I UKAS I
t'ful
HR
m1
SHAMBH
U SINGH
Digitally signed 
by SHAMBHU 
SINGH 
Date: 2022.11.23 
12:42:17 +05'30'

f,imstr ffi * nt'P Phittipcapital
"JK Cement Ltd. Q2 FY23 andHl FY23 Conference
Call"
November 140 2022
fi JKcenl *nt
Phittlp0aPital
M,q.NacnMENT: MR. Amy KUnnnn smlocr-Dnpurv MANlcrNc
Drnncron & CFO, JK Cnvrr'nT LrD'
MR. Sumwsn KlunonlwAl -Dnpurv CFO' JK
CnunNr LrD.
Mn. Pn q,sHANT Snrn - PnnsrpnNr (BusrNns-s
InronvrauoN AND Ixvnsron RrlnrroNs)' JK
Cnunnr LrD.
MOnfnaTORS: MR. VmnUnV AClnWlr' - PHrr'lrpClnrAr' (Innm)
Pmvarn LrurrnP
Page 1 of 10

fr Jrtcut t rur rL P Pnrttrpcapttar
Moderator:
Vaibhav Agarwal:
Ajay Kumar Saraogi:
JK Cement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2022
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and wolcome to the Q2 FY23 ard Hl FY23 Call of JK Cement
hostedbyPhillipCapital(India)PrivateLimite,d.Asareminder,allparticipantlineswillbein
the listen only nrode. And there will be an opporhrnity for you to ask questions aftor the
presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "t '
then.0'onyourtouchtorrephone.Pleasenotethattlrisconferenceisbeingrecorded,
InowhandtheconferenceovertoMr.VaibhavAgarwalfromPhillipCapital(India)Private
Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir'
Thank you Steve. Good evening, everyone. on behalf of phillipcapital (India) Private Limited,
IwelcomeyoutotheQ2FY23andHlFY23CallofJKCementLtd..onthecall'welravewith
us Mr. Ajay Kumar Saraogi -Deputy Managing Director and CFO' Mr' Sumnesh Khandelwal
-DeputyCFoandMr.PrashantSeth-President@usinesslnformatiorrandlnvestorRelations).
IwouldliketomentiononbehalfofJKCementLtd.andanditsmanagementthatcertain
statementsthatmaybemadeordiscussedorrtheconferencecallmayboforwardlooking
statern€nts related to future developments on the current economy. These statements are subject
to number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors which may cause the actual
developments and the results to difier materially from the statements made' JK cement Ltd' and
the management of the company assnmes no obligation to publicly alter thsse forward-looking
statenentswhetherasaresultofnewinfornationorfutureeventsorotherwise.
I will now hard over the floor to the management of JK cement Ltd' for their opening remarlis
which will be followed by interactive Q&A' Thank you and over to Saraogi Sir'
ThankyouVaibhav.GoodeveningandwelcometoQ2results.Theboardofdirectorsmeton
l2th of November to review the working of the results for the Qurter entled 30th Se'ptember 23
and for halfyearly and then Septernber 22'
The majorhighlights:
TherevonuefromoperationsduringthisquarterwasZ,ll}croresasagainstl'836croresan
increaseoflT%,otherincomewaslowerat23croresasagainst43crores.Theoperating
expenses were higher by 22o/o atl,846 crores as against 1'507 crores'
Theprofitbeforeta)(was16Tcroresasagainst24gcrores.Theprofrtafterta:(wasl35crores
asagainst16gcrorosadropof'26Vo.TheEPSwasRs.16,16paisaasagainstRs.2l.85paisa.
TheEBITDAduringthisquartgrwas303croresasagainst35gcroresinthepreviousyear'
EBITDA margins was 14.49% as against 19 95% last year'
Ifyoulookattheperfonmanceforihe6montlrsApriltoSepxembertherevenuefromoperations
hadinoreasedby24Yoat4,3[scroresasagainst3'46gorores.Theotherinoomewaslowerat45
Page 2 of 10

fr J Kctr rn # nt iP 
Phiuipcapitat
JKCement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2022
crores as against 75 crores. The operating expenses lvas higher at32o/oat 3,61 I as agutstzJ4l
crores. The EBITDA was 707 crores as against 761 crores. The profit after tax was 306 crores
asagainst3TTcrores.TheEPSforthe6monthswasRs.3g.60paisaasagairrst4S.4S.The
EBITDA margins for the 6 montls was 16'8% as agunst22'38o/o'
Thegrossdebtasat30thSeptemberstoodat2,6S6croresasagainst2,s50croresason3lst
March 22 and the net debt was 1,70g crores as against 1,606 crores. The not debt-to-equity was
0.3g rvhich was same as last year. The consoliilated gross debt was 3B53 crores as against 3'434
crores and the consolidated net debt was 2B39 crores as against 2,150 crores' The board also
approvedincreaseinthecemerrtcapacitiesby5.5milliontonsovernexttwoyears.Thiswasby
adding grinding capacitres of 5'5 million tons by revamping the ginding capacrty of oristing
units as Mangalwar, Muddapur, Jharli and Aligarh which would result in increase of 2 million
tons by setting up a Greenfield cement grinding capacity in Ujjain at Madhya Pradesh with a
capacityofl.5milliontonsandalsotosetupaC'reenfieldgrindingcapacityinUPatPrayagraj
of 2 million tons besides increasing the clinker capaoity at Panna for presont 8,000 TPD per day
to10,000TPDperday.Thiswouldbeatatotalcapitaloutlayofl,16lcroresatabout$26per
ton.
Moderator:
Shravan Shah:
Management:
Shravan Shah:
Management:
Tlresearethemajorhighlightsifyouhavoanyquestionspleaseletusknow'Thankyou'
Thankyouverymuch.Wewillnowbegirrthequestion.and.answersession.Thefirstquestion
is from the lino of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital' Please go ahead'
Sir the first question is on the pricing front on the gray realizations we are seeing close to 6'87o
QoQdeclineinthisquarter,myspecificreasonwhythedeclines@mstobesliglrtlyonthe
lrighersideversusthepeersandpostSeptemberhowdowoseetheinoreasehowmuchincrease
we have seen in our regions where we operate?
So,ifyoulookattheprioingseomoretheprioingintheNorthhasbeenunderpressureas
compared to other regions' Since major of our exposure is in the North wo are seeing a
nrargirrallyhigherdipintherealizations.AsregardspostSeptembertherehasbeensomeprice
increase in the Southern region and the western region. However, there was no increase in the
pricing in rhe Nordrern tegion up tilt october, some prico increase has taken place in the North
now only two, three days back and we have to see whether the prices are sustained or not'
Broadly if we want to quanti$ in terms of how much hike rvould have been?
SouthisaboutRs.15toRs.2QabagandWesternregionisforRs.l0andsoistheNorthern
regiorr,butforNorlhwehavetowaitandseewhetherweareabletosustainthepricoinNorth.
Now,ourPannawouldbestartingso2MTPAwestartedandrostolinkerand2MTPAwillbe
startingbythisquarter,sohowdoweseeintermsofthevolumefronrthis4MTPApartioularly
in third and fourth quarter and the nextyear in terms of the rarnp up?
Shravan Shah:
Page 3 of 10

f,JKCur t-t..'i P rn,tttpGaprtar
JK Cement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2022
we have already planned the ramp up and as a part of the existing we had opened up the various
markets which are to be served from Panna and started supplying those markets from North. So,
partoftlrevolumesNorthalsoincludedsomesalesintlreNortlrofParrrramarketsandweare
hopefulthatwewouldbeabletormrpuptlriscapacityovernext6togmonthstimeandinitially
yeswewillstartmaybearountlimmediatelyafterthemonthorsoaround15,000'16,000totts
monthlyandgraduallyrampupadditionalvolumesaswegoouteaohmonthincludingsome
sale in the nongacle segment. so, gradually the volumes would pick up' we are oonfident about
that we have alroady done our all-initial working with respect to the market, appointnrent of
dealers etcetera that has been done'
And this new 5.5 MTpA we have mentioned everything in terms of the where capacities will
come, but in terms of the broad deadline in terms of the strting though we are mentioning two
years,butifyouwanttoquantirybyFY24,soalldebottleueckinglikelytobestartingbynext
yearFY24?
Yes within that.
LastlyonthedatapointsonthefirelmixKcalcostofthepowerandfuelforthisquarter,load
distance, rail road mix?
Forthefuelmixourpetcokeconsumptionwas50%intermsofthevolumeandontheKcalbasis
our fuel cost has gone up by around 20% from the previous quarter
So, this quarier it would be?
Management:
Shravan Shah:
Management:
Shravan Shah:
Management:
Shravan Shah:
Management:
Shravan Shah:
Management:
So,the2milliondebottleneckwhichisattheexistingplantsthatwillgetcompletedbyMarch
23itselfandthenelvgrindingunitofUjjainthatslrouldcomesomewherebyMarch24andthe
grindiryatPrayagrajsometimebytheardoffirstquarterortlresecondquarterofFY25,
In terms of the CAPEX then last time we mentioned tlris yoar around 1,700 odd crore and next
year 1,100 crore' so now in the second half how much in the next year and maybe in FY25 you
canbroadlyguideintermsoftheCAPEXanddebtlevelpreviouslylvernentionedthatinterms
of the dobt 3,300, 3,400 crore that we look at' so how do we see that?
So,CAPEXthisyearwillbenowincreasedtol,g00croresinnextyearalsowillbel,400crores
looking to the investrnent in these grintling units and we have already done this year like around
l,000ororesinthePannaexpansionplusthenormalCAPEXsol,200croreshavealreadybeen
spentandasregardstheborrowingwehaveachievedthepeakborrowinglwelbyMrchorsay
Jurrenextyearandthatwillremainbecausewewilltakesomefreshbonowingsforthese
grinding units, but repayments will be there' So' peak level will remain at that level'
So, that number would be how much 3'500 odd crores?
Shravan Shah:
Page 4 ot 10

frJ Kcff f'Tl * rl t 
i F phnripcapitar
JK Cement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2022
Management:
This quarter it was close to Rs. 2.40 paisa and the lead distance was 477 kilometen and what
else you asked.
Shravan Shah:
Road rail mix?
Management:
It was 19% rail. '
Shravan Shah:
so post this Panna once it will become fully operational so sffucturally can we se'e in terms of
the lead distance can signifioantly c.m come down by let us say FY25?
Management:
Shravan Shah
Management:
Moderator:
Keshav Lshoti:
Management:
Keshav Lshoti:
So, lead distance will come down once the Panna is firlty operational because some of the
markets this will help us we will save some markets will be set from Panna' So, we are expecting
that there should be an overall reduction in the lead distance after Panna comes in aild after the
new grinding units evon at Ujjain.
And the power and fueI cost in the third quarter can we see firrtlrer marginal reduction?
Very diffrcult to say I mean because there is some fuel saving, but again the percoke prices are
again on the increase. So, it could be some marginal variation, but we do not going to see that in
thethirdquartertherewillbearysavirrgintermsofpowerandfuelbeoausestillwehavea
mixture of some old inventory of petcoke. So, any saving in power and fuel would only be visible
in the last quartor and that too it depends on going forvvard there is no substantial increase in the
petcoke pricing.
Thankyou.ThenoxtquestionisfromthelineofKeshavLshotifromHDFCsecurities.Ploase
go ahead.
So,justwanttoundentandthisquarterUAEperformancehasimprovedsowhathasledtothis
performance and how should we see the UAE business going forward?
There is marginal improvement in the uAE perfornoance in this quarter and going forward we
are hopeful of improved performance on account of the various initiatives that we have taken by
settingupthefacilitiesintheAfricaandtappingtheAfricanmarket.so,becarrseoftheCoVlD
actually all those efforts could not fructify and now we are hopeful that in the coming months
those things are on traok, demand is good and we are able to supply also now because in the
previousquartersbecauseoftheveryhighcorrtainerfreightandallwewerenotabletofeedthe
demand was there. So, this is something positive about the UAE business'
And what is the update ou pairrt business, lrow is it going, is it running as per the plan?
So,weareplannirrgoutalltheactivitiesforthepaintbusinessandbymaybewithinthiscalendar
yemwowillbeabletohaveadefuritetimeframeforenteringthepaintbusinoss'
Management:
Page 5 of 10

fl JKstr ru] ff rl t'P Phisipcapitat
JK Cement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2022
Keshav Lshoti:
one last question from my side earlier you have guided for l0% volume growth in FY23 still it
holds same guidance?
Management:
Yes that we have alreacly we have avolume grorvth of first 6 months in the same region and we
expect that to continue.
Moderator:
Thankyou.ThenoxtquestionisfromthelineofAmitMurarkafromAxisCapital.Pleasego
ahead.
Amit Murarka:
Management:
Amit Murarka:
Management:
Management:
Amit Murarka:
Just on the capacity expansion announcemont so with this 5.5 million ton expansion our capaoity
will increase to close to around lthir*.24.2million tons whereas the clinker will be like 14'1
million tons so that implies about l.7x cement clinker ratio and oapacity whereas on volumes
our ratro is I believe 1.5 to 55x, so how do we kind ofreconcile this gap is there a plan to add a
further clinker capaclty later on as well or do you think you can reach that kind of a blending
ratio in terms of volumes?
No see we can reaoh because we havo run an upgradation in the kiln capaclty at Nimbahera and
as a result and because of other efficieilcy improvements of the clinker factor has also been
booked'Wearepresentlyseeingthatwearenotinapositiontooperatetwoofourkilnsona
regular basis because wo have sufiicient clinker available with us and the idea to ensure that we
maintain the market share we are increasing the grinding capacity as we have already sufficient
clinker available and in case of Panna to meet out the additional cement grinding oapaclty we
are increasing tho clinker capacity from 8,000 tons to 10,000 tons with the kiln has that potontial
to go up to 10,000 tons.
No after taking all that the clinker capacity will be 14' l million ton right?
It will be close to 14.5 million tons and Amit if you see the overall because capacity the actual
production remains in the range of say 85% to 90o/o ofthe capacity so that will meet our thought
ard as a part of our ESG initiatives we are continuously working on reducing the clinker factor
also. So, we are hopeful that in the next two years' hme with more split grinding units will have
the better clinker factor. So, we can produce around say 22 million tons fromtheit 22'23'
Whathappensactuallyyoualwayskeepclinkerthecemerrtgrindingcapacityfortheoptimal
demand and to have an average capaclty utilization ofsay 85%you need to operate in certain
nrorrthsatfiIYocapacityandifyouilonothavethatcapacityyouwillnotbeabletogotan
averageofS5%'WehavebeenoperatingatS5TotoSs%to89%,butthataverageiscomingit
is an average ofthe whole Yoar'
NowthatweareclosetocommissionofPannalikebywhenyouthinkwecanachieveoptimal
utilization of let us say 7 5t/o, 80% of that plant?
It is a Greenfield plant it will take two ysars because trade market we are broadly working on
the trade market it takes timo as it happe[s the fust year of operations of ovory plant is around
Management:
Page 6 of 10

f, JKCtrrN*fiti.P PhillipCapital
Amit Murarka:
Management:
Moderator:
Yash Patil:
Management:
Yash Patil:
Management:
Moderator:
Shravan Shah
Management:
Shravan Sbah
Management:
Shravan Shah
Management:
JK Cement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2022
50%, 55% so tho firstyear of full oporations would be in that region may be we can reach up to
60% if we are very successful, but it would be we will not give any picture that in first year and
yes by end of second year the exit should defiritely be close to 75Vo,80o/o'
And in the initial period is it fight to think that nontrade will play a bigger part in the ramp up
phase?
No, nontrade would be there, but this will not play. We are concentrating on lhe tade, fade is
our plan, but definitely as you know even the incremental demand is coming in the nontrade
segment. So, nontrade would remain, but our major portion and our major sales and as we have
atarget to maint ainabove 65o/oand close to 700lo as fiade, nontrado ratio we will try and maintain
that ratio across whole company.
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofYash Patil from Choice Equity. Please go ahead'
Sir just a small question can I know the sales volume number for this quarter?
Sales volume number
Yes.
It is 36.44 lakhs.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital' Please go
ahead.
sir, just wanted to clarifr this Panna subsidiary in terms of the merging with the standalone
entity so in the last time we talk about that it will be done, so just wanted to know by March this
year will it be merged?
In all probabilities the matter is pending before NCLT, and we have a hearing so we are pursuing
it and we are hopeful that within this fiscal the merger shoukl take place.
Second Karnatak4 Muddapur 20 megawatt wHRS so that would be commissioned by when?
By March 24.
And in terms of this post this on a maintenanco CAPEX you mentioned the 1,900 and 1,400
crore CAPEX for this year and nextyear just fying to undentand in ienns of the FY25 number
so maintenance CAPEXwould be 300 crore?
It would be in the range of 300 crores.
And in terms of the rupees basis fuel consumption cost last time was 10,000 per ton Kcal you
mentioned 2.4, but on rupees basis what was the number for this quarter?
Shravan Shah:
Page 7 of 10

f, JKCffrn*r"lt,P
Management:
Shravan Shah
Management:
Shravan Shah:
Management:
Shravan Shah:
Management:
Moderator:
Mudit Agarwal:
Management:
PhillipCapital
JK Cement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2022
So, it is 20%.
So, around 12,000?
Yes.
So, anything you want to mention so this Panna for this quarter third and fourth quarter so it
would be now in the phase of stabilization, so how do we look at in terms of tho extra cost that
because once it is in the stabilization mode normally we see the higher cost, so how do we see
that either in terms ofthe absolute or per ton basis, how one should factor?
So, initially yes stabilization course the first full quarter would be the January, March for Panna
and yes it will have fust because the plant would be operatrng at a lower capacity as the market
seized up things get stabilized the way power plant will only conrmission as end of Marc or
something. So, with all those means the potassium cost would definitely be higher I mean for
the frst quarter I mean January, March as well as even though April reduce, but even in the
April, June quarter the cost should be higher as compared to what a day should normalize in the
first quarter of next fiscal and thereafter we should see tlte cost advantage also coming from
Panna.
And in white cement this time we have seen a sizable increase in terms of the realization
particularly so for this number is it susiainable in the third quarter also because fiis time the
Diwali was in October normally this time it is in November, so how do we see this number
particularly on a whito cement realization is it sustainable or can we see some dip in this quarter
particularly?
No, we should not see a major dip yes there is tough competition. We are trying to pass on the
cost increase and it would be marginally lower because again Septomber month was the best
month in terms of closure io the festival that is a peak month, but we are still hopeful that broadly
we should be able to compare to the second quarter'
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mudit Agarwal from Motilal Oswal Financial
Services. Please go ahoad.
Sir I just have a one question regarding the cash flow from operafion our cash flow from
operahon in the standalone is around 1.46 billion while in the consolidated it is around 2.8
billion, so there is a difference of around 1.9 billion, can you throw some highlights like what is
leading the later difference beoause in the- last year during the same period the difference was
not as high as compared to this year?
You check the number I think the difference should be on account of the inves0nent in fte Panna
which we have done from JK Ce,lnent which is to the tune of 200 crores in this quarters'
But that should be in the CAPEX part sir I was asking about cash flow from oporations?
Mudit Agarwal
Page 8 of 10

f, JKcff rJ']# ntiP phiuipcapitar
Tejas
In oarlier calls you had mentioned that there are some additional mafteting expenses because
you are servicing the market that will be service by the Panna plants from your existing platts
right now' so could you quanti$' how much cost benefit can come once the plant is finally
commissioned?
Management:
So, if you see the cost benefit will come in terms of early seating of the market why we have
i'cu:red and we have to have one finance. So, this sale of demand going forward will be under
one brand only. so, yhatever we have done the seating from the existing plant of the new
markets that wilt help in early setti[g of the Panna plant odrerwise when we havo just
commissionedtheplantsweshouldbeabletoevenintradesegmentirrtlrenonnalmonthwo
should be able to get a volume of 40,000 tons, 50,000 tons' So, that would nothave been possible
if we are not seated ths market.
Tejas
so, what would bo tho additional expense that is there on a quarterly basis on account of that
right now?
Management:
Wecansayyesmaybearoundseomarketingexpensesandofficetotalitmaybearoundl0
crores a quarter
Tejas
And lastly on the paints business, has there been any CAPEX that has been spont so far in this
fiscal and what is the target for this entire fiscal?
Management:
Moderstor:
Management:
Moderator:
JK Cement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2A22
We will cheok and revertto you the numbers'
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofTejas from Citigroup' Please go ahead'
No major CAPEX has been done till now and we are analyzing everything and the major CAPEX
and the total plan would be in the last quarter only'
Thank you. The next question is from the line of uttam Kumar srimal from Axis Securities'
Please go ahead.
Uttam Kumar Srimal: My question has already been answered'
Moderator:
Thankyou.ThenextquestionisfromthelineofParllrBhavsarfromlnvesteclndia.Pleasego
ahead.
Parth Bhavsar:
Sir, I had just one question that you have earlier mentioned ftat this 3'5 Greenfield expansion
thatyouhavearrnouncerlatUjjainandPrayagraj,soyousardthatitwouldhaveasufficient
clirrker that you will be able to supply in the cfinker rmit would operate at 80%, 85% utilization'
but still wanted to have some ideathat at Panna we have like 2'5 million tons of clinker capacity
currently which would like go and increase to 3.2 and we aro announcing 3'5, so how are we
going to manage the 3'5 incremental?
Page 9 of 10

ffiJKc#rn#nf, P
pCapita
Ph
JK Cement Ltd. Ltd.
November 14,2022
Management:
Panna expansion is not 3.5, Panna expansion is only 2 million tons further expansion. The Ujjain
grinding of 1.5 million will come from the existing plant because Uiiain is spreacl from
Nimbahera, Mangalwar and not from Panna.
Pnrth Bhavsar:
So, it will come from Nimbaher4 Mangalwar and the UP front will be service from where?
Management:
The Hamirpur will be serviced from Panna and Prryagraj also will be serviced from Panna.
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no furdrer questions I nolv hand the conforence back to Mr' Vaibhav
Agarwal for closing comments. Over to you, Sir'
Vaibhav Agarwal:
Thank you very much. On behalf of PhillipCapital I would like to thank the management JK
cement for the call and many thanks to the participants joining the call. Thank you very much
sir. Steve you may now conclude the call. Thank you.
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Phillipcapital (India) Private Limited that concludes this
conference. we thank you all for joining us and you may now disconneot your lines.
Page 10 of 10
