~DHAN I
MDN/CS/COMPLIANCE/2022-23
Date: 25.11.2022
To,
The Manager,
The Manager,
Compliance Department,
Compliance Department,
BSE Limited, P.J. Towers, 15t Floor,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Dalal Street,
Exchange Plaza, 5thFloor; Plot No. CII, G Block,
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai —400051
Scrip Code: 541195
Trading Symbol: MIDHANI
Sub:
Transcript of the Analysts and Investors Meet/Conference Call held on November 21,
2022
Dear Sir/Madam,
1.
Further to our letter dated November 21, 2022, intimating you about the audio
recording of Analysts and Investors Meet/ Conference Call on
Q2
— FY23 Results, held
on November 21, 2022, please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid Conference
Call.
2.
The transcript of the call is also made available on the Company’s website.
This is for your information and record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
Paul Aritony
Company Secretary & Compliance officer
company.secretary@midhani-india.in
End: As above
1~P3T ~ ~ I~t1~i≥s
MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LI
ITED
(~u~ ~ ~r ~‘i)
(A Govt. of India Enterprise)
4~J~lc~c1 ~ 4t311. ci~*i~i, ~g~i~iig, ~i’iin -500058
Registered Office: P.O. Kanchanbagh, Hyderabad, Telangana-500058
‘~ti Telephone: 040-24184000, ~ Fax: 040-24340039
I~’II~Ic1 ~1~TT ~. CIN: L14292TG1973G01001660
~ Website: www.midhani-india.in
PAUL 
ANTONY
Digitally signed by PAUL 
ANTONY 
Date: 2022.11.25 17:47:52 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
Q2 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. SANJAY KUMAR JHA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED 
 
SHRI. N GOWRI SANKARA RAO – DIRECTOR FINANCE – 
MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT DIXIT – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to MIDHANI Limited Q2 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Dixit. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome all the participants for 
MIDHANI Limited Q2 FY '23 con call. At the outset, I would like to thank the management for 
giving us an opportunity to host this call. From the management side, we have with us Dr. Sanjay 
Kumar Jha, Chairman and Managing Director, and Shri. N Gowri Sankara Rao, Director 
Finance. 
Without much ado, I would hand over the call to Dr. Jha to take the forward. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Jha: 
Good afternoon to all investors joining for this meeting. And before proceeding for your 
questions, I'll just try to give overview of what we have achieved in this up to the quarter two. 
And Q2 results already it is out. And the major significant outcome of our Q2 report is VOP, 
there is a significant increase compared from the last year's VOP of around 41%.  
And also we had, in spite of having a lot of additional expenditure coming out from due to higher 
cost of the raw material power. The company has maintained the profit almost similar to 
whatever the like previous year. And also, we had -- if you can see our digital, even though the 
sales is slightly marginally on the lower side, I am talking about in the first half. We have got 
kept the profit at the level of similar level. Almost the PBT is around 2.6% higher only compared 
to the last year. 
And considering that, only of the path is slightly on the lower side, very less difference. So these 
things are -- their data is available, in addition to that, I would like to mention some of the other 
highlights during this period where we have established a number of products coming out from 
the wide plate mill.  
And in that, some of the noteworthy developments in the wide plate operation is production of 
nickel based super alloys plates, which we have made some export also using that setting. And 
we are also seeing the development of another nickel based super alloys required for our 
indigenous production of -- the desulfation unit required for various power plants which is 
operating in the country. So that sets also we have developed successfully. 
And now we are expecting that the entire quantity, which is being imported as of today in the 
country, we can fulfil the requirements coming out from this facility on developments are 
connected with wide installation of wide plate mill. And also, as we have told previously that 8-

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
ton vacuum induction melting also got fully all started. So combination of those two equipment’s 
has driven this outcome. 
In addition to that, your company also has developed the armour steels, which is being used for 
vehicle armoring our Rohtak facility. And there also, we have got almost armoring of around 
100 number of vehicles. Out of that, already 15 numbers have been rolled out from the factory 
and balance are under various stages of the fabrication. 
So the steel develops being made in our new installation of pipe treadmill. In addition to that, 
we are also trying to see that the requirements of armour steel used in various applications of 
our armoured tanks and other ordinance factory, as well as ordinance factory requirements, we 
can meet from this facility. In this period, in recently conducted defence expo. We have launched 
six different new products which includes as I said, super alloy nickel-based alloy sheets. Then 
Titanium moulds, which we have exported and also some of the grades of special materials. 
So these are the highlights coming out from this next two, first and second quarter. So -- and 
during this period also, we have made some of the important MOUs we have signed and recently 
the concluded defence -- Defexpo, which includes a business cooperation agreement with 
Boeing in the area of raw materials, which is being used in manufacture of various type of 
components in India for their supply chain and supply chain as well. These are the nutshells, I 
just put a brief things here. Anything special afterwards, now I’ll request you to give your queries 
based on this performance of the company. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Aditya Deorah from Divisha Investments.  
Aditya Deorah: 
Sir, you had mentioned in your opening remarks also that the value of production has gone up 
for this half year. And I guess, even for the last financial year also, the value of production has 
gone up. But sir, we are not seeing the corresponding increase in sales. And as a result, our 
inventory has moved from around INR 800 crores in -- at the end of financial year '21 to maybe 
INR 1,091 crore at the end of financial year '22, and it has moved to INR 1,280 crores for this 
half year. So sir, when do we expect that we are able to build this inventory that we have built 
up? 
Sanjay Jha: 
The inventory is a very important part and important issues, which we are dealing with a day-
to-day basis. But the major reason for the inventory increase build up in inventory is mainly 
because of raw material also, because the raw material costs have gone up. So we have to also 
stock some of the requirements coming out required for the nickel-based alloys. And earlier, our 
production of nickel-based alloy are very less. Now the requirement has gone up for super alloy 
production. So therefore, it adds to the inventory in a very high value material and which is 
nickel. This is the one first part. 
And second part that, of course, the WIP, which already you have mentioned, which I have 
already told that, it is the -- whatever the VOP has been build up. And you said that last year 
also, it was like that. So if you see the performance of the previous year also, the Q3 and Q4, 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
there is a substantial increase in the sales. So I said that whatever you have seen now, it will 
translate into the sales in the coming months -- and another part is that this year, since our Rohtak 
facility also started working -- so partly, there also some -- the WIP has been build up. So they're 
also to provide some of the materials, which we are depending on the outset on the import also 
raw material. So there also, there is some amount of inventory is required to maintain our 
production on time. 
Aditya Deorah: 
So for this financial year, how much sales growth are we budgeting? For this financial year, how 
much -- I mean like what kind of sales growth are we expecting by internal targets? 
Sanjay Jha: 
 
Our internal target is INR 1,000 crores. 
Aditya Deorah: 
 
Is it the value of production or the sales? 
Sanjay Jha: 
 
I'm not talking about this. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Ankit Shah from White Equity Investment. 
Ankit Shah: 
In Q2 F '22 conference call, the management had talked about having a fixed asset turnover of 
about 2x from projects such as the wide plate mill and the Rohtak plant. However, later on, it 
was changed to potential revenues of INR 500 crores from wide plate mill and INR 100 crores 
from Rohtak plant, which results in a fixed asset turnover of 1x. So can you throw some light on 
this discrepancy? And help us understand this better? 
Sanjay Jha: 
You said that management has projected 500 crores of revenue in current financial year? 
Ankit Shah: 
No, last year in one of the calls, management has said that we will have a fixed asset turnover of 
two times from wide plate mill and Rohtak plant? 
Sanjay Jha: 
I understood the question. What we have projected that once this mill is established fully, we 
can expect the revenue of around INR 500 crores from the wide plate mill. And now this mill is 
still under on trial, trial means that we are making the products one by one, we are moving 
towards. Once we go to the full scale of because any project, you cannot get the full scale of 
operation in the first year of itself, sir. So this year, we will be seeing like trials are getting 
conducted. And initially, if you see the first quarter, there were no addition much from the wide 
plate mill. Second quarter, it has improved. And third and fourth, we will see the further increase 
in the coming revenue coming from wide plate mill. 
Coming to the Rohtak also, Rohtak also started giving in this quarter only second quarter only 
we have got some addition revenue. Our fourth, again, we'll see the major change, because as I 
said, things are now in the area of that production, we have around 70-80 vehicles are there for 
armoring, then we have the jacket for 1,500 also to execute. So these things are moving on now 
and that increase will be there. But the complete INR 500 crores, we are expecting that from the 
next financial year only it will start coming, once our entire all the product range are established. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Ankit Shah: 
Sir, the peak revenues from these two plants will be INR 500 crores and INR 100 crores or it be 
higher? 
Sanjay Jha: 
We have -- this is our estimation. See, our estimations we have kept like this. But higher is 
possibility is there, it can go higher also. But we cannot say right now, with the current market 
scenario and our execution capacity, we have given this figure. And as we progress, we suppose 
you have -- you've got an order, where your value addition is much higher than this sales of the 
product is very high because of the high-value items. It can go and increase, but all depends on 
what is the market scenario in that case.  
Ankit Shah: 
And this INR 500 crores assumes what kind of capacity utilization? Would it be like close to 
full utilization? Or would it be lower?  
Sanjay Jha: 
It is full creation. 
Ankit Shah: 
Sir, next question is on the LCA opportunity. In the previous call, you had said that we are 
awaiting certification for supplying certain raw materials for the LCA order. So by when can we 
expect to get the certification? And what would be the potential order size post certifications are 
achieved?  
Sanjay Jha: 
LCA order already certification as awaited only for a couple of items, two, three items are there 
for it. But more or less, whatever we are supplying now is already certified. -- items are certified, 
and we are supplying.  
Ankit Shah: 
And once these two three items, certification also comes in, what would be the potential order 
size from the LCA opportunity? Let's say, per...  
Sanjay Jha: 
I cannot really see those items which I have told it is not only exclusively for LCA, it can go for 
other requirements also because the common materials are used in the different areas. So we are 
in the mode of now developing those items, the product. So based on our outcome and the cost 
of production, the order will be placed on MIDHANI. So right now, these values are difficult to 
predict because their project also, there is no clarity that how much of the equipment they are 
going to get the orders from the services. What I mean to say that air force and all.  
Ankit Shah: 
Sir, is it possible to share some idea about the per unit order size? Just a ballpark number just 
for us to understand the scale of the opportunity.  
Sanjay Jha: 
For LCA, we'll tell you that we'll give you that input.  
Ankit Shah: 
Sure, the next question is on the inventory side. Can you share the amount or percentage of non-
recyclable scrap that is sitting on our balance sheet. And what would be our plans for the excess 
scrap and potential inventory write-offs that we could be looking at in next two, three years? 
Just more color on the inventory piece if you can share.  

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Sanjay Jha: 
See, whatever is the non-recyclable scrap you are talking. Normally, the scrap, which we cannot 
use, we will sell in the market. We'll auction and then we'll sell. Whatever we can recycle that 
only we keep with us. So a question of that scrap, retaining it has done on the rise. Of course, it 
may remain for some time until we get the right price and we get the right customer because the 
number of times if you auction and you are not getting the correct price, you will not sell. We'll 
try to see that how maximum benefit company can get by reselling scraps.  
Management: 
Adding further excess scrap we cannot sell up because the government regulations are their 
certain types of scrap we cannot sell. So those stocks also needs to be meant for internal use as 
and when we get a first type of order say, our scrap level is more, there is no non-recyclable 
scrap like that only as [inaudible 0:18:25] is selling. We will sell the scrap wherever it is sellable. 
Wherever it is internally useable because our scrap is not a simple MS scrap or SS scrap. It is a 
high value scrap. If I am able to use it in my production process, it gives me good margin.  
Ankit Shah: 
So this scrap is largely going to be metals, which would not require any write-off hedge? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Write-offs are not done, there are no write-offs. 
Ankit Shah: 
Sir, next question is on the exports. So how do you see exports shaping up over next, let's say, 
two, three years? And any certifications that we expect to receive in the near future, this financial 
year or maybe next financial year, which could boost exports. 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes. Export, we are doing right now, even though certifications are not required in that area 
already, we are making the export -- and as you said, for certification also the work is in progress. 
And we expect by this year-end, we are not by mid of the next year, we will start getting the 
certification.  
Ankit Shah: 
And sir, on that basis, what with the export potential for us? I mean what kind of exports are we 
looking at for next two, three years?  
Sanjay Jha: 
As export potentials are good potential is there, but the only issue today is the payment 
conditions and pricing. So we are seeing that based on those wo aspects, we are booking the 
export. So for LCL is quite good. But only thing is that you have to get the proper price as well 
as seven terms also. We have a number of vendors outside customers, they are asking for almost 
a grade based supply system. -- grade-based supply systems is not acceptable in our case. So we 
are looking for alternative that how we can meet their expectations by adopting certain change 
in our, I say that business conditions  
Ankit Shah: 
On next question on Su-30 MKI engines. or HAL potential orders for Su-30MKi engines about 
240 engines and 80 engines for MiG-29 that order size for HAL would be around INR 33,000 
crores. So do we see any opportunity for us flowing from these orders? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Su-30 is a licensed agreement with the engine supplier to HAL. Now question is that how much 
percentage they allow them to indigenize it depends on the type of contract they sign. We are 
not aware of that, what is their conditions in that, that how on the, as far as the material is 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
concerned. But they are also looking for to indigenize it even for the existing fleet also. But then 
as I said, unless the engine supplier is not gaining the permission, you cannot use materials, 
which is not certified by them. So India is looking for that sort of development, but it has not 
resulted in the clear cut in the business proposition. However, developmental work MIDHANI 
is your company is doing. We have taken some steps to indigenize the alloys, which are very 
critical for Su-30 engine. So we are working towards that. When we come to the business space, 
we'll definitely inform the investors. 
Ankit Shah: 
 
And on the MiG-29 engine, is it a similar situation or their Indian materials allowed? 
Sanjay Jha: 
MiG-29, I have no idea precisely what is the materials. But for MiG -- other MiG-19 and all, we 
have developed the materials earlier, but whether they are going to utilize, again I would say, 
engine materials, it all depends on the type of contract they enter with the supplier. So for which 
I do not -- we don't have the right information at this stage. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Shah, I request you to come back in the question queue for a follow-
up question. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkatesh from Logic Tree 
Investment. 
Venkatesh: 
My question is on what is the kind of opportunity size our company can target over the next four 
to five years. So broadly, both in terms of domestic as well as exports? And is there a company 
that we can benchmark ourselves with globally, who is in the same space and who will probably 
at a significant scale or something just for comparison? 
Sanjay Jha: 
This question is very apt question you have asked and already as far as the bench marking is 
concerned, it was done earlier, and it was seen that MIDHANI far as profit percentage and all is 
matching with some of the leading international manufacturer in the similar domain. 
But the volume-wise, our volume is very less. So the volume depends on that how your domestic 
industry is growing, and you have rightly all about next four, five years. I see next four, five 
years, scenario is very good for the entire engine industry, which is operating in the area of 
defence manufacturing. Because of the various policies and various tests taken by Ministry of 
Defence indigenization of various equipment platforms, materials in the area of defence. 
MIDHANI is also a part of that. And I feel that our growth also will be on the similar lines, as 
you see in the other PSUs, the difference only in our case and other case that we are not in 
directly getting the equipment or reforms coming to us. We are basically some sort of raw 
material supplier going to that. And their moment it is coming out in the raw material side, there 
is a lot of competition among the various manufacturers in India. And in itself past many new 
interims are there in this field. So it is not a monopolistic area. 
We have to be competitive. And we are also competitive today. A lot of orders we are getting 
on the competitive bidding only. They're not coming directly in our lab. So I think there is a 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
good opportunity as our efficiency is going up and market also is growing. There's a good 
opportunity for us to get them. 
Now what is the quantum and all, the target which has been set up by Ministry that defence 
manufacturing should go two times of whatever we are doing today. Almost INR 1,75,000 crores 
of turnover and then around $5 billion of export. We are also trying in that sector and 
accordingly, our targets also have been fixed year after year. 
Venkatesh: 
Right. So is it fair to expect that we could probably double our revenues over a four-year period, 
sir? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes, there are targets are there, but then we have to do a lot of work behind the scenes that our 
infrastructure has to go up, modernisation license plan has to pick up. So a lot of investments 
are required in that area. We are working towards that. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Romil from Electrum PMS.  
Romil: 
Sir, I just want to understand a couple of things. One is on your titanium business. So can you 
just explain this business? I mean, what kind of products you make? What is the process? What 
are the raw material sources, some bit of margin outlook and everything on this particular part 
of the business? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Now this is a very fundamental question you ask titanium. So let me tell you, first, titanium is 
called a wonder metal. Why it is called a wonder metal? Because it has a very wide especially 
because of its light weight and high strength ratio, it is a lightweight and high strength. We had 
a tremendous application in the area of aerospace and other side also, it has a very good corrosion 
resistance, especially against the seawater. So if you see that this material can work on the – 
above the ground in the aerospace and other side, under seawater. So if I'm clear about the 
application, then I can proceed further. 
Romil: 
 
 
Sure, sir. Absolutely, sir. 
Sanjay Jha: 
So because of this nature and very good properties and in addition to that, other properties also 
high temperature then it can work under high temperature -- so all those properties make it very 
unique material. And MIDHANI, our company, we have the expertise of this alloy from last 25 
to 30 years. We are working on the alloys. So we have the complete control of the process. 
Now you have asked about the raw material. Raw material in this case, today, we are depending 
on the import. Raw material, we are not able to manufacture in India. Again, it is an economic 
of scale because of our requirement of raw material of that is called titanium sponge is only 800 
tons to 100 tons max. And the plant is economical, if you go 5000 tons, 10.000 tons. 
So that's why our production of titanium sponge in India, even though it is taking place at a very 
low scale, its cost is very high. So we have to depend on the -- totally on the import of titanium 
response. And with the current world scenario, which we see in the -- that like in the aftermath 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
of Ukraine and Russian conflicts, there is definitely very much pressure on the supply chain of 
this material. So we are also getting affected. 
And but so far, we are able to manage and that earlier, when we are discussing about some of 
the requirement of inventory also, probably, that is also one of the reasons why we have to stock 
some more quantity so that we should not suffer for want of material in the immediate future. 
So is there. And our target is that whatever we are producing today there less scale, we are going 
to almost double our production. So we are setting up a facility, new facility coming up where 
my titanium production is going to increase by two times.  
Romil: 
And sir, what are the products that you are manufacturing in titanium right now? And when will 
this new facility come up, the capex and the new products that will be there?  
Sanjay Jha: 
Titanium, we are producing right from heavy forging to even a small thickness of wire also. So 
MIDHANI product is diverse. We make plates, we make sheets, we make foil, we make rings 
and we are also making different castings, we are making different types of assemblies. So 
titanium production in our case we are making any size and shape you ask, MIDHANI is able 
make that. 
Romil: 
And sir, who is the competition in the titanium business directly competing with us in India?  
Sanjay Jha: 
India so far industry called PTC has come out in Lucknow and they are doing only in the one of 
our problem in titanium casting. But in future people may enter in this business, we do not know. 
But this technology is slightly difficult. So it takes time for people to get out.  
Moderator: 
Romil I request you to come back in the question queue for a follow-up question. The next 
question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Mutual Fund.  
Renjith Sivaram: 
Sir, congrats on good execution, though the top to bottom line is a bit stretched. So just wanted 
to understand because this, as we look at the broad commodity prices have come down. So was 
there any inventory-related readjustment in the income statement this quarter because the prices 
have come down?  
Sanjay Jha: 
Prices. So I don't think anything has come down so far.  
Management: 
Commercial steel prices have come down, not the special steel Yes, only like MS where the 
price...  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but you are sounding little distant may I request to speak a little louder?  
Sanjay Jha: 
What we are not using that commodity steel in our manufacturing. So what we are talking about 
the price is those areas where the prices have come down. We are also -- I tell you that prices -- 
our raw materials are mainly nickel, cobalt, moly, tantalum and iodine. So there, the prices have 
not come down, in fact. So there is a pressure on the price as of today also. So I don't see any 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
reason there that we have adjusted because of that. And so I think that is -- will be given or any 
other where you want to make...  
Renjith Sivaram: 
When I read your annual report, you have this R&D tied with Carborundum for ceramic-based 
armor plates. So what -- how large is that opportunity? Will everything will shift to ceramic? 
And like what is the status of that? Will that be manufactured in Carborundum facility and the 
Rohtak? Or will... 
Sanjay Jha: 
This is Carborundum I have seen in context with one of our products called our bulletproof 
jackets. With Carborundum, we are trying to see only the silicon carbide tiles, we wanted to 
procure and see that -- with using that tiles, we wanted to make the bulletproof jackets. So this 
is still in the R&D developmental mode. But if that development is completed, and we are 
through in our development, you might have seen a lot of requirements are coming for the 
bulletproof jacket, either from the Paramilitary Forces or from the Armed Forces. 
So there are immense potential in that area. But nevertheless also we have lot of manufacturers 
in that extent also. Jackets a lot of people are there in India to make that. So how much we are 
able to capture, we will tell you whenever we get the certain amount of orders. But that is in 
context of the development of a specific product, it is not a substitute of the metal, which we are 
discussing. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So you are not substituting the current metal with that? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And sir, this Rohtak, when do you expect this Rohtak facility will be in 100 -- in terms of 
utilization level at a normalized level and what kind of revenues can we expect from Rohtak, if 
not this year, next year onwards and incremental revenues? 
Sanjay Jha: 
This year, we are targeting around INR 100 crores, but let us see. We have the order book -- 
order is there. We have the order to be able to execute and complete, but there are certain 
constraint on the supply chain. So we are assessing some problem in the completing all orders. 
But we are making an attempt to get almost INR 100 crores of sales coming from the Rohtak 
facility this year. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And in terms of the future growth opportunities like in future, if we are going for this -- Rafale 
is currently now imported. So is there any chance that the future Rafale, the material technology 
and requirement will be done by us instead of importing from France? Is there some thought like 
that or for any other major aircraft we can look at we being the sole supplier of the material? 
Sanjay Jha: 
First of all, I'll tell you MIDHANI cannot claim today that we are the sole supplier of the 
materials. Because in India, a lot of other companies, they have come up with the various 
facilities in the area of special alloys production. The only an advantage with us that our alloys 
are certified for the aero applications. Now coming to the Rafale, Rafale is basically, the 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
structural part today is completely composites. So we have to go for the composites, then only 
we can make. That is number one. 
Number two, coming from the Aero engines, the Aero engine is either Safran or [inaudible 
0:38:22] whatever Aero engine thereby, it has been supplied through the complete setup of 
OEMs such as it elsewhere. Unless India develop its own aero engine or some OEM can setup 
the facility in India and then utilize our certified material then only it is possible in their domain. 
So that's why recently it was felt that why not, we should Indianize the material from Sukhoi 
which is very well, it is a Russian origin. So we are working towards that. So definitely, as you 
progress, one development will give the chance of getting the other one. So we are working 
towards that and see that how our company can capture the other market if it comes to operate 
in India. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Sir, lastly, if I can ask one more, like you if I look at the overall space opportunity now that most 
of the space engines are now with cryogenic or everything is going to be manufactured in there. 
So what is our overall contribution in this space as a segment? And how do you see that? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes. Since our contribution has been enhanced today also rocket motor casing and material 
required for various fuel tanks and also we use for cryo and semi-cryo special castings, special 
steel, special alloys, they're all going from MIDHANI only. But then likely to the future, the 
other manufactures also are coming up. So we have -- but then the market hare that their volume 
also will be going up because there's a big ambition or big plan for Indian defense industry, and 
that is those plants are coming to the reality, definitely, MIDHANI also will be benefited, our 
volume also increase and maybe other also. Again, we have one advantage that our material has 
proven for the last 35 years. So they can have more. But then the price also is the one factor 
which we have to be very competitive. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir, my first question is regarding overall order inflow scenario, maybe the tenders, which you 
would be seeing in the pipeline. If you can tell us in terms of how defense segment would see 
the growth space and nuclear, are we seeing good pipeline building up? That's my first question. 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes, order flow, we are expecting that whatever order position is there as on today are INR 1,500 
crores, order book will remain after the closing of this assessment year also, this is our 
expectation. And we are also trying to see that how we can get the other product also in our fold, 
which includes the export, which includes certain things require from our Wide Plate Mill as it 
progresses, if we get converted into some of the products into the large volumes then that also 
expected. But these things are all a future for which our team MIDHANI is working very hard. 
And as we progress, as we get some good business in this area, definitely, we'll be telling to the 
investors. But as you have rightly told, there is a lot of requirements coming out from these 
sectors right now. So we are also hopeful that whatever best we can capture in the advantage as 
far as. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir, if you look at there was a lot of CWIP also in the process. And so what is our gross block 
right now and on that gross block, what is the kind of asset terms and revenue generation, which 
we can do? 
Sanjay Jha: 
 
This question, I'll give it to or Director Finance to answer. 
Management: 
Yes, if you see our gross were presently INR 937 crores and with the addition of INR 982 crores, 
after capitalization, one more addition of INR 100crores will come. Nearly, you can see that by 
the yearend, it will be INR 1,100 crores. And we are expecting at the same level of price or same 
we were selling at INR 1,000 crores. Seeing that all the new, whatever new facilities have come 
if it is stabilized and it creates some production level, we can easily same level of gross block as 
our revenue. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir, but the asset turns here will be like we have already all about 2x. So it should be a much 
higher top line, what we can deliver? 
Sanjay Jha: 
 
I could not understand your question. Your telling that asset turnover ratio, you're telling? 
Charanjit Singh:  
Yes, sir. 
Sanjay Jha: 
 
Asset turnover ratio... 
Management: 
Asset turnover ratio normally will within total effects. Our total assets are mainly INR 2,900 
crores. Only if you take non-current assets, it is around INR 1,121crores,exact that level, we can 
achieve but if the total is INR 2,900 crores or INR 3,000 crores once it is resumed by the year-
end, our turnover will be around 40%, 35%-40%. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir, on the space side, we had earlier seen there was a weakness in terms of the launches. How 
is that opportunity building up now going forward? Are you seeing that traction going to pick 
up on the space front? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes, we are also listening through media only. And also recently also, I assume that there were 
news that more than 300 satellites are already in the queue and ISRO having the to utilize that 
opportunity. So definitely, those things have to go into the orbit, you need more and more launch 
vehicles. So I see that it will pick up now as the time goes up. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, if you look at from BDL's perspective, so Astra and other missiles increasing 
need where more domestic missiles will be integrated with the current platforms. So how do you 
see that now shaping up going forward, especially from Astra and other missiles programs? And 
what percentage of that order if BDL gets can benefit MIDHANI? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Are you talking about Astra? Astra is definitely -- but the induction of Astra every year, hardly 
100, 150, 200, they're not beyond the must be. So corresponding to that, we are getting the orders 
and we are only supplying in areas. But other missiles like Akash is already – we have given all 
the materials required for the Akash. Unless they get the fresh order then only we can get for 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Akash. And also, we have certain other missiles, which they are producing for naval applications 
and all. So we are supplying some materials in that. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay. But on an annual basis, is there any number which you can highlight that from the missile 
programs, how much revenue which you can achieve as more of these missiles get approved? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Right now exact figure, I'm not having, but I understand. Almost last year, how much we have 
done? 
Management: 
INR 12 crores. 
Sanjay Jha: 
So last year, we have done about INR 12 crores business. This year also, maybe similar to that 
coming from the missile sector. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir, just lastly, on the nuclear side, what we are seeing is there's a lot more traction when the 
orders are getting placed to the pump manufacturers and the other larger contractor. So on the 
nuclear pipeline, anything you can highlight for us? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes, nuclear business also projects are getting on the fast track now, but -- so far, what we are 
involved in the manufacturing of certain products like lattice tubes, we are supplying already 
and we have new requirements also, I hope it will be coming up. But again, there also MIDHANI 
is not the only supplier, we'll have lot of competition in that. Another idea is that some 
requirement for super large pressurizer generator turbines. So already, we have on order, which 
we are executing now and also participating in some other orders also. 
Charanjit Singh: 
So we are... 
Sanjay Jha: 
Though -- our product range required for nuclear business already we are working with them. 
But pumps and all is not our domain, which is done by like -- even the steam generator also is 
being done by either L&T or some other companies. We are only supplying certain raw 
materials. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Ankit Shah from White Equity Investment. 
Ankit Shah: 
On the precious metals scam that we shared the last quarter, can you update us on the progress 
on that? And as a follow-up, are we looking at appointing some better internal auditor, ENY or 
anybody else to strengthen our internal controls? 
Sanjay Jha: 
We have already our internal auditor it is there, and they are already taking care of our auditing 
system and all. You know that we are having a quarterly review of the audit results. It's being 
monitored by several independent directors are there on our Board. The systems are well placed. 
Requirement of the consultants arises when we have some specific problems. So for which also 
recently ministry has appointed certain consultants and they have submitted the report on our 
business growth plan and which we are considering and we are trying to see that how it can be 
implemented. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Ankit Shah: 
Okay. And update on the precious metals scam that happened? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Which one? 
Ankit Shah: 
Sir, there was precious metals scam CBI directed some people... 
Sanjay Jha: 
That was a small theft took place. It was a basically theft of scrap, not precious metals. It was 
theft of the scrap reported in the media and the people involved in some contact workers, some 
security staffs, they were being like arrested and then later on it was investigated. But it is not 
related to any precious metal. It was a scrap which normally used recycling in our system. 
Ankit Shah: 
Can you share some light on the same? Actually, what was the quantum of this crap that was 
stolen? 
Sanjay Jha: 
I am not the right person to ask because they are already investigation is done by CBI. So that 
information lies with them. I am not right to say that. So what they have given in the media also 
and what we have also seen that 950 kgs were intercepted by CBI. Beyond that, we don't have 
the information. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from Progressive Share Brokers. 
Rohit: 
So three or four questions. The first one, you're saying that Q3 and Q4, you will see a pickup, 
and that is slightly a bit of bullish commentary to reach INR 1,000 crores. So sir, what are the 
factors that will cause this? One, it is because there is a slight change in the product mix or is it 
because of the short cycle kind of orders that you have? Or is it because of the absolute ramp-
up that we see in the plant? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Both the things are not required in our case. Our conversion cycle time is slightly on the longer 
one, because we are dealing with the very precious materials. So the number of steps required 
for processing those materials are quite large. And that's why you will see that whatever we 
produce, let's say in the first quarter, I will sometime able to do supply in the second quarter or 
in third quarter. Because the gestation time for the materials from manufacturing to supply runs 
in the average almost seven to eight months. So this is the reason for precisely for getting up so 
much the WIP. Nothing else, otherwise beyond that. 
Rohit: 
Okay. Sir, you did touch upon certain issues related to Russia, Ukraine and raw material and 
nickel molybdenum. So going forward, do you think you'll be able to maintain the EBITDA 
margins of 30%, 33% that we usually have? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Right now I see with the available product mix it may be possible to maintain that. I am not 
seeing any reason why it should not be there. But then you know the factors are there where we 
now see as I told cost of production has gone up because of the raw material cost and also we 
have taken the orders with the fixed rate from the customer. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
So definitely it is going to give pressure on our margin. So far it has not been reflected because 
of certain measures, which we have taken to reduce the consumption of raw material or improve 
our efficiency. Let us see how we are able to take up the challenges in the future. But we have 
some excellent plan on hand to take up those things like reduction in the consumption of raw 
material, pure raw material. So more scrap recycling for getting the -- so those things are in the 
line now. 
Rohit: 
So if I were to break the order book into different space railways and others, how would that be 
currently? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes, order book position I have worked out. Around 40% is coming, 40% to 55% is almost 
defense now. Okay. The space is coming around 35%, order book position today and balance 
around you say armour is around 3%, 3.5% and 4% like that. 
Rohit: 
Sir my last question is related to the NALCO JV. Since last three four years there has been 
absolute delay in that. So any thoughts on what is causing this delay apart from the land 
acquisition issue which was there or are you looking at some new property or land where you 
would do a deal with this Utkarsha Aluminium Dhatu Nigam Limited? 
Sanjay Jha: 
See, first of all I will tell you this project is not delayed. This project is of very high value in 
nature. So once a company like MIDHANI wants to invest, it's hard, it's hard money where we 
have used, you told that our margin is quite high and then we are keeping the equity in that 
project. We have to see that our return on the investment should be good. So considering that, 
since project evaluation was done four years back to get the certain amount of return on 
investment, we thought this is the right time we should re-evaluate that in the current world 
scenario and then take a call whether we should invest or not. 
Probably that is the one reason which has made us to give some time, take some time, which is 
already on the way now and we expect that in couple of months we'll get the right information. 
If the inputs are encouraging, coming from the consultants, we will definitely take up the project 
fast. But on the ground, you know, lot of work we have done, all clearances are there, we have 
consent to establishment, we have taken the pollution control approval, we have taken the 
approval from the Ministry of Environment and Forest clearance is there.  
So all clearances are there now. And also we have appointed a consultant which can go for 
engineering procurement and management systems for civil construction and all. So these things 
are already in place. We will be giving you the right information at the appropriate time. Even 
our Phase 1 construction, for Phase 1 also tendering is over and we have already sought to set 
the firm which can take up our first phase construction.  
First phase technology as well as the equipment supplier that also has been finalized. But then 
as I told investment, before going for investment we need that clarity and then only we will come 
to the board for getting the approval for investment. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Rohit: 
So when do you think that Phase 2 could also be completed if at all the returns are favourable 
for us? 
Sanjay Jha: 
Phase 2 is also already in hand. We have made all the tender documents ready. Moment we see 
that Phase 1 is clear, then Phase 2 also will be in place for the tender. 
Rohit: 
Sir, are approximate investment could be in the range of INR 1,000 crores, 1,500 crore, is it fair 
to assume that? 
Sanjay Jha: 
The total investment is INR 4,000 crores for this project. And that's why our equity is not 
sufficient, which I told you. So that's why even if you go to any investors also for money and 
the bank, you have to go with the proper business proposal. So precisely we are working for that. 
Moderator: 
As are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Dixit for closing 
comments. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. Thanks, moderator. I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and a fruitful 
discussion that we had this afternoon. I would now like to hand over the call to Dr. Jha for any 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Jha: 
Yes, I believe at the end I tell you this quarter two has been very, very difficult for us because 
the prices have gone up for all the commodities. In this situation maintaining the profitability 
has been a big challenge, but again I appreciate your patience and the customer's confidence that 
we are able to get this type of performance at present. 
But definitely we will try to see that our performance improves further and we can establish 
MIDHANI as one of the important company where investors will have interest. And also now 
we are entering our 50th year of our formation. So this is the golden jubilee year for our 
company. The day starts plotting from today. We see that in this period, companies should do a 
lot of projects, establishment and products. We are trying to see that we can get a very good 
performance from this country. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Sanjay Jha: 
 
Thank you. 
