 
 
PTC India Financial Services Ltd. (CIN: L65999DL2006PLC153373) 
(A subsidiary of PTC India Limited) 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Telephone Exchange Building, 8 Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi - 110 066, India      
Board: +91 11 26737300 / 26737400 Fax: 26737373 / 26737374, Website: www. ptcfinancial.com, E-mail:  info@ptcfinancial.com 
 
Dated: 26th November, 2022 
To 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code : 533344 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 51 
Scrip Symbol : PFS 
 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation of uploading of transcript of Investors Call on the Financial Results for Q4FY22   
 
In continuation of our letter dated 17th November, 2022 read with letter dated 19th November, 2022 in 
respect of Investors conference call in terms of regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find the transcript 
of Investors Call on the Financial Results for Q4FY22.   
 
This is also available on the Website of the Company at www.ptcfinancial.com. 
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
       
Shweta Agrawal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosed: as above 
SHWETA 
AGRAWAL
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA AGRAWAL 
Date: 2022.11.26 
15:59:24 +05'30'

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
- FY22 & Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
Date & Time: November 18, 16:30 PM 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Dr. Pawan Singh 
MD & CEO, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
Mr. Vijay Singh Bisht 
Executive Director, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
Mr. Sanjay Rustagi 
CFO, Senior Vice President, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
Mr. Sitesh Sinha 
Executive Vice President And Functional Head Credit, PTC India Financial 
Services Limited 
 
Mr. Abhinav Goyal 
Vice President, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
Mr. Ankur Bansal 
Vice President, Business Development PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd. 
 
A very good afternoon to one and all. On behalf of S-
Ancial Technologies. I welcome all of you to. The fourth 
quarter and full year FY22 Earnings call for PTC India 
Financial Services. I will now be passing on the mic to 
Abhinav Goyal who's the Vice President and we'll take it 
forward from there. Over to you Abhinav. 
Abhinav Goyal 
 
Very good afternoon to all valuable investors and other 
participants. On behalf of the company, I welcome you all. 
So today, we are having our investor call for Q4 Financial 
Year 2022 a much waited call / interaction for all of us. It 
was a challenging time for all of us. PFS team was 
working very hard all day, working, non-working, holiday, 
festivals to perform and to deliver in the interest of all 
stakeholders with all regulatory compliances. Fortunately, 
now challenges are behind us and we are looking forward 
for a better future. Today we are having our MD & CEO 
Dr. Pawan Singh in investor call along with we are having 
Mr Vijay Singh Bisht Executive Director , Mr. Sanjay 
Rustagi CFO, Mr. Sitesh Sinha, Functional Head Credit, 
Mr. Ankur Bansal  Vice President from Business 
Development unit and Mr. Prashant Gupta, he is AVP 
from finance team. So I request Dr Pawan Singh to kindly 
take the lead. Thank you. 
Dr. Pawan Singh 
 
Thank you Abhinav and on behalf of PFS, let me give a 
welcome to everyone who has joined the investors call 
today and it was a long awaited call. As Abhinav pointed 
out my team and everyone has worked very hard to see it 
happen and though at this time of the year. You know, we 
should be coming with the Q2 numbers but for the current 
year but this financial year accounts had to be taken up 
first but very shortly now this is behind us so very shortly 
we will be able to come with Q1 and Q2 before you. And 
in fact last few months we had some challenges because 
of the results not getting finalized. Our board which had 
come from PTC was strongly of the view that unless the 
forensic audit is completes, they would not be taking up 
the accounts. So while you have the forensic audit was 
taking its own time, and of course with, you know, a lot of 
effort from our side, we were able to at least see that he 
was able to not exactly meet the terms as for the 
engagement later, but still try to deliver it in a certain time 
limit so that we could bring the result to you today. One 
way retrospect has been to delay. It has its own impact. 
It is also good because it has taken care of all the 
uncertainties regarding the issue of forensic audit and the 
auditors who had take a much stronger view of for the 
absence of or at least they have time tried to fight, you 
know, much, much more moderated, of course, not totally 
without qualification, which we also felt that that was a 
little unwanted. But however keeping into consideration 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
the precedents and timelines, went ahead with that. But 
hopefully that also will go away in maybe a quarter or two 
as we publish other results. 
But the important part was, we went through the challenge 
when we were at the peak of our performance .So if you 
look at it, I'll just like to take you to the fact that though for 
the fourth quarter we did not do any activity because our 
board was not constituted and in the first quarter of the 
current year, only during the later period that the board 
got constituted and that also with directors from the 
holding company and not our own directors. But despite 
that we were able to sanction in 9 months loan of Rs 4,150 
crores and do disbursement of Rs 3 888 crores against 
sanction of Rs 4,098 crores in the previous year and Rs 
3,888 crores disbursements against 2,647 for the whole 
year in the preceding year. So we're at the peak of our 
performance there, We are notwithstanding the fact that 
the fourth quarter is the most performing quarter of the 
year. The largest disbursements has happen, but 
nevertheless, you know whatever, the momentum we 
have gained because of the direction in which we're 
moving. I think from now onwards will be able to maintain 
that same momentum. Of course I'll request Sanjay to 
later on give you a backdrop of the financial results. But 
at the face of it, you know, we have been able to give for 
the entire PAT of close to Rs 130 crores and profit before 
tax of 173 crores against Rs 93 crores and Rs 25 crores 
last year. So there is a big improvement, the considerable 
improvement, what is important. Some of the qualitative 
aspects which I would like to emphasize here is that since 
we are coming at a time when Q1 and Q2 so of course 
will further elaborate on that. As of now, probably the 
provisioning for three quarters have almost been taken 
care of. So that is the important of this result because it is 
coming at a time when the first two quarters result would 
have also been there. So this result has not only absorbed 
the numbers of previous quarter, but it has also in a way 
you know because all these factors are taken on the 
balance sheet dates and the first two quarters also, 
whatever discount had to happen has been also 
approximately covered. So coming back to our 
businesses, two, three lines, and of course, my team will 
give you the specific details, but one thing is very clear, 
because we are compared to become a green, 
sustainable infrastructure finance company and I'm 
speaking from a  COP 27 which I claim to attend here at 
you know, in Sharm El-Shaikh and let me tell you the 
global flavour because last you know, a few days, which 
because the entire all the international organizations are 
here, most of the important head of states are here, most 
of the important environment ministers are here. So it is 
going to give kind of direction, which way the world is 
going to move and I'm so glad to note that what we had 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
envisage about, say four years back or three years back 
to become a green infrastructure company, and that is this 
flavour of the day and that's the emphasis, we all know 
the global temperature is rising and despite the 
commitments made in the Paris, that we will bring down 
by 1.5 percent the global temperature on the year 
baseline of 2005. 
But it looks like that even to 1 percent would be difficult to 
achieve. So all the world leaders, both in corporate 
sectors, the country leaders all have committed that now 
onwards all the countries will work together with a 
common focus that the net zero target everybody will be 
working in many. Of course there are challenges for 
emerging economies, but developed countries have 
committed to meet. Many of them have committed to meet 
net zero target by 2030.India is committed to meet it by 
2070, but many of the developed countries have 
committed now that they will probably creep on the date 
and try to achieve this before the 2030.So globally there 
were city mayors from various cities across the world. All 
of them are talking about it there's only one single 
challenge which is how to take care of the green 
sustainability issues. In India we have 160 MW , 1,60,000 
megawatt of renewable energy, which includes hydro also 
and by 2030 we want to become 500 Gigawatt. So almost 
two and a half times of what the current capacity is, which 
throws up a lot of opportunity for us for financing in the 
sector and mobility space is another space which is 
moving very, very fast, very rapid pace  because the 
global evolution, the heating is on account of primarily 
they feel that it's an account of the one is natural, of 
course, degradation, which is happening, but primarily on 
the contribution side. It is primarily because of the power 
generation, industrial use and transportation. So these 
three areas are totally under focus and where huge 
opportunities are likely to come and not only on the liability 
side also, we would hope to benefit because a lot of 
international funds would commit money to channelizing  
into this agency. this area and PFS can play a very 
important role as working as a financial intermediary. 
Many of the international organizations like to fund the 
growing opportunities in the renewable sector, especially 
in India where the target is very high and especially that 
we have been able to build up bankable models, under 
renewable energy and of course another focus area which 
is within the renewable energy, another focus area which 
is going to become very important because we have to 
have not only clean power but we have to have the 
reliable power. So the battery storage is another area 
which is going to come Already Government of India 
10,000 megawatt first capacity bid has been invited that 
is going to be accelerated. Also the area of E-mobility as 
said that is also related to battry capacity so that also will 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
be there. So there are some of the things which the global 
economy is poised to move in that direction that we are 
very well, you know, very well placed and we have already 
positioned ourselves to take advantage of the global 
economic transition as they are using the word This is the 
energy transition of global economic transition. So from, 
you know, a dark economy or black economy we are 
moving to, we are moving to now, cleaner and greener 
economy and as an institution we are very well placed to 
meet the challenges. So I said that we are very well 
positioned to, you know, be part of that transition, global 
economic transition, or global energy transition, and from 
our side we'll also try to, you know, look into areas and 
support projects in this space and including the support of 
a circular economy, which we are also talking about. On 
the CSR side. Of-course we have or said, or because one 
of the reason today I'm here because of the work which 
we did in the CSR side and along with the foundation 
where the United Nations has given the works between 
workings in Punjab and Haryana to bring down the air 
pollution in the northern area of country. That is one of the 
projects which have been selected by United Nations and 
this is also one of the reasons why I was here. So with 
this request Sanjay to take you through numbers and then 
of course Mr. Bisht  will give oversight on the monitoring 
area who is now Executive director and Mr Sitesh Sinha 
will give you our little bit of glimpse from the credit side 
and on the business side there is Ankur who would tell 
what is the pipeline which we have what we call 
orderbook. So over to you Sanjay. 
Sanjay Rustagi  
 
Good evening to all. So with your permission we just want 
to run through the corporate presentation.  
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Goyal   
 
Good afternoon. So in this presentation some of the 
aspects we have updated as on today, a few of the 
aspects are presenting as on 31st March so we try to give 
it more updates so as to give a fair idea to all stakeholder. 
So we are PFS. We are a sustainable, clean, green 
infrastructure finance company. So we believe not only in 
providing an economic benefit to the country, we also 
believe to preserve the environment to protect our 
generations to come. This is our presentation at a glance. 
This is how we are diversifying our sanctions, our capital 
adequacy, our debt equity, our net interest margins, our 
disbursement and our rating, which is a very crucial factor 
for any rating agency. As of now though we had been put 
on watch by CRISIL , ICRA but yet we are representing 
them so as this watch category may be restored to stable, 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
where it was before arising of the issue before the 19th 
January 2022 Moving to next slide , Sanjay Sir your part. 
Sanjay Rustagi   
 
It is giving a quarterly snapshot to the profit before tax, 
which was Rs 30.54 crore loss during the same quarter 
last year, and which we converted into the profit of Rs 
33.52 crores. The profit after tax which was around 53.66 
crores loss was there in last quarter of the previous 
financial year, whereas this year last quarter of this 
financial year we reported profit of Rs 24.98 crores. 
sanction is Rs 2,329 crore in Previous FY last quarter 
whereas Q4FY22 is Rs 1,331 and there was no sanction 
and the disbursement is Rs 380  crores. The return on 
asset has improved to 1.03 against -1.86. The interest 
spread is almost the same it is 2.92 percent against 2.98 
percent. 
Abhinav Goyal   
 
We are listed on both the exchange and were supported 
by professionals of around and a team of consultant were 
incorporated in 2006 having a market capitalization of Rs 
912 Crores. We are a profit making company and our 
vision is to become the most preferred financial partner in 
sustainable infrastructure value chain. So this is our 
journey so far as we mentioned that we started in 2006 
and 2021 we entered into a foray of electric vehicle 
segment where we have funded 350 buses in Lucknow 
which is one of the esteem project of the country. So we 
extend our support to finance to environment friendly 
project which contributes to sustainable, greener, and 
stronger. 
These are product services we do debt financing just like 
NBFC we also do fees base services, we do provide 
consultancy to lot of corporates and we do advisory 
services also. So these are the key functions of the 
company, starting from interest rate mechanism to 
corporate strategy. 
We are having a separate department for each of the 
functions where we are having a dedicated, committed, 
experienced team of professionals. This is our business 
model so focusing on a few of the robust area we are 
working and how we are a unique investment case. So 
this is on five parameters. So we focus on sustainable 
Infra., we focus on high operating leverage and better 
margins, we believe in reduction of stress/NPA and it can 
be visualized our performance over a period of the last 
few years and we are back by motivated and experienced 
management. who are having a proven expert in leading 
business towards the vision of the organization. So we are 
navigating to our next strategy. We're leveraging existing 
relationship with domestic and global agency so as to 
increase value to all our stakeholders and increase the 
brand value of the organization. It is our risk management 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
system. We are having very robust risk management 
system on an average. If we are getting 5 project, you 
know after getting to be through various stages in the 
organization, only one or two project gets through our 
system so that can be visualized by the fact that in the last 
couple of years, whatever we sanction, none of the 
account has turned into NPA. It is our management 
outlook we are focused on its stance of progressive 
growth and stability through the enhancement of our 
products and quality of our portfolio. I request our  function 
al  head Shri Sitesh Sinha  to take lead on this slide 
Sitesh Sinha  
 
As our MD sir explained we are marching towards the 
sustainable infra projects so this is a snapshot how the 
last 5 years we moved toward the from power generation 
funding NBFC to sustainable infra financing under that we 
have the renewable energy asset we sanctioned to Rs 
14,500 megawatt which has crossed sanction of Rs 
30,000 crore. Similar for recent E-mobility are in the last 
one and half year we have sanctioned 350 buses and Rs 
334 crore is the sanction amount and another area of 
other infra we have sanctioned close to Rs 3,798 crore 
which is , apart from renewable is the biggest portfolio and 
toward the sustainability we have done a couple of water 
treatment projects in India under the Namami Gange 
scheme that is the sovereign company of the Government 
of India related to that we have sanctioned a couple of 
project with gross sanction of Rs 503 crore and the 
transmission, which is  annuity based scheme where the 
risk of default is minimum under that we have gross 
sanction Rs 3,357crore which will have assisted to 
develop more than 4400 Kilometer in India. And our port 
we have not sanction couple of project re sanction in the 
last 5 years this amount to Rs 700 odd crore with 43 
million tons/annum is the port capacity we have sanction. 
So by this renewable assets finding we have been able to 
abandon the over 25 million tons of Carbon dioxide per 
annum. 
Abhinav Goyal   
 
These are the key lender with whom we have developed 
a relationship over a period, are good support we use to 
get from the lender. We hope our lenders will continue to 
extend that kind of support. These are the marquee, our 
customer to whom we have funded. If you can see, these 
are the top 10 companies of India who are working in the 
different infrastructure segment like Renewable or Road 
or Transmission or other upcoming new sustainability 
project that is like Greencell, Radiance so on Portside we 
have funded JSW so these are the marquee customers in 
India we have supported that indicates our quality of our 
credit portfolio. We continue to add new customers. On 
financial aspect I request CFO Sir to elaborate. 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Sanjay Rustagi   
 
So with respect to the liquidity given on this slide. The 
company has the ample liquidity to meet its both the debt 
obligation as well as the business needs. As of today we 
have around Rs 1,245 crores of the high quality liquid 
assets as against the RBI requirement of Rs 245. RBI 
recently come up with the circular where   NBFC has to 
maintain a liquidity close to 30 days outflow. Whereas as 
per available information, we are maintaining much above 
that which will be required to meet business needs as well 
that will be used for the business. With respect to the loan 
sanction. as Dr. Pawan Singh told earlier, we have 
overtook the FY21 numbers with respect to the sanction 
that were around Rs 4,098 crore and this year sanction 
were Rs 4,150 cr and considering in Q4FY22 where we 
are unable to sanction any new loan because of the non 
constitution of the board. But in fact the loan disbursement 
has increased close to 50 % from Rs 2,647 cr to Rs 3,888 
cr. The loan book has come down a little bit from Rs. 
11,000 odd crores to Rs. 8700 crores and the capital 
adequacy has improved significantly. It has increased to 
Rs. 26.71 crores, against Rs. 24.10 crores. If we talk 
about net interest income, it's almost the same as 
compared to the previous financial year, it is up to Rs. 344 
odd crores as against Rs. 353 crores. There is a marginal 
decrease because we are unable to sanction new loans 
in the Q4. The yield on the earning  loan portfolio has 
decreased  by around 5% whereas cost of borrowing has 
been reduced by it 10%.It shows the operational 
efficiency which we have created during the last year and 
it resulted in the increase in the interest spread by around 
12% from 2.71% to 3%.The net interest margin increased 
from 3.47% to 4.19%, with growth of 20%. The Earnings 
per share has also increased to Rs. 2.02 from Rs. 0.42. 
Cost to income remains stable at around 12% and Debt 
to Equity ratio which has improved to 3.14% from 4.27%, 
and the Return on Networth has also improved 
significantly, around 400% from 1.22% to 5.93% and 
Return on Assets also from 0.22% to 1.24%. This is the 
snapshot of the profit and loss account for the year ended 
and profit has been increased to Rs. 130 odd crores 
against Rs. 25 crores, giving a return around 407% and 
the total income has reduced marginally from Rs. 1139 
crores to 968.crore the total expenses has decreased at 
a higher percentage than the decrease in the income. It 
has reduced to Rs. 794 odd crores against Rs. 1046.03 
Crores. So this is the little bit snapshot around the 
performance. The factor wise outstanding, the total loan 
book has been divided into few categories like renewable, 
transmission, sustainable roads, state power, utility, 
thermal and hydro. The Total loan book as of 31st March 
2022 is Rs. 8,650 odd crores. The Renewable sector 
comprises of Rs. 2911 crores and the Transmission 
sector contributes Rs. 656 odd crores, the Sustainable 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Infra contributes Rs. 214 crores, the Road contributes Rs. 
1286 crores, the State Power Utility contributes Rs. 2516 
crores and the Thermal and Hydro contributes Rs. 876 
odd crores and other contributes Rs. 191 crores. And 
other 
includes 
the 
core 
manufacturing, 
mining, 
sustainable infra, water treatment and e-mobility. With 
respect to the under these operated under the respective 
head this is bifurcation between the corporate against the 
respective sectors like in renewal Rs. 621 crores is 
towards the corporate loan, in the state power utility, the 
entire amount is a corporate loan. The thermal and hydro 
is.143 odd crores, and the other is to them. 
Sitesh Sinha  
 
I would like to add a couple of points here in this sector 
portfolio if you see, although the bottom line total number 
has been reduced, but if you go by our vision and mission 
our renewable portfolio, if you see the business model we 
have adopted for the last couple of years, it is through 
funding the which give the higher yield in the renewable 
sector as compared to providing the long term sanction. 
So if you see in the corporate loan, earlier, we have last 
year book was Rs. 275 Crores. This year it has been 
increased to Rs. 621 crore in the renewal asset. Second 
thing toward the sustainability, we have also focused on 
the niche area and which are environment sustainable. 
That is the e-mobility and water treatment in which the last 
year our book was only Rs. 30 crore. This year in ‘22 it 
become close to Rs. 245 crore and third thing last thing. 
We have also we keep on telling in investor call we are 
reducing our carbon footprint. If you see the thermal 
sector exposure in thermal, in last year in ‘21 it was 
Rs.1357 crore. Now it has been reduced by 50% as on 
31st March ‘22  it was Rs. 875 crores. These three 
significant points I wanted to mention here. 
Abhinav Goyal  
 
So on thermal segment as to mention that vision is to 
become a zero carbon emission company. I mean the 
project which we are funding we would be having a zero 
exposure on thermal sector. So this is Sitesh ji again 
portfolio wise which is your area. 
Sitesh Sinha  
 
If you see the maximum percent belong to renewal 
portfolio, it has been reduced from 44 percent to 33 
percent and what we have increased in other areas and 
sustainable infra which was earlier there was hardly any 
presence which was less than two digit figure. Now we 
have close to 20% figure. So this is how we shifted from 
renewed energy asset to other areas of the infrastructure 
business and most of the corporate loan is structure which 
we are calling the state power unity, that position remains 
same  if you talk about the numbers to number in FY 21 it 
was Rs. 2451 crore. Again in this year it still remained Rs. 
2515 crores hardly any change but percentage has been 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
changed because of overall reduction in books from Rs. 
10751 crore to Rs. 8650 Crore. That's why number looks 
like our exposure in FY 2022 is close to 30 percent. Earlier 
it was close to 22 percent and because of denominator 
has been decreased that’s why percent has been 
increases, but absolute gross disbursement and book has 
remained same in state power utility. 
Abhinav Goyal   
 
So these are the performance indicator. Our cost of fund 
are spread are names, all are corelated to each other. So 
as mentioned by CFO Sir earlier that the pace with which 
our borrowing cost has been reduced as much higher in 
comparison to having an impact on the yield. So the net 
result would be reflected in our spread, which is 4.3, and 
in NIM, which is 2.92. So overall, there is an increase in 
our performance. These are the Stage III account which 
are a problematic area for any organization any NBFC or 
a financial institution. We are transparent company. We 
are giving full details. Whatever the exposure we are 
having gross exposure, whatever the provision on the 
respective loan account we are having, the net exposure 
which been reflected here and again we are having some 
impairment reserve. I mean over above what has been 
instituted by the regulatory requirement. We have created 
a reserve on some of the loan account, which has been 
reflected here, and subsequent to 31st Mar 2022 we were 
having a recovery of Rs.147 crore around from two of the 
loan account. One is NRSS36 and another one is Athena 
Chhattisgarh. NRSS36 is no longer, its the third last one, 
so it's no longer in our book. It has been resolved and 
Athena the negligible exposure is there probably, which 
may also be resolved. It is in lacs actually to very 
insignificant exposure we are having and another project 
Dhanu Wind we have started receiving payment from the 
borrower so we are quite hopeful that in the time to come 
it would become a good account for us. So it our credit 
standing snap shot as can be visualized that our Stage III 
has been reduced. Then again, our NPA has been 
reduced. Then again, our net NPA has been increased 
slightly, but in actual terms we were visualizing that there 
should be a substantial amount of business in Q4 FY 22 
which has not happened because of unprecedented 
circumstance. We are quite committed that whatever the 
deficiency has been created in between period, we are 
committed to achieve that, we are committed to deliver on 
that aspect. We have not revised our goal. Our team is 
working hard to achieve whatever we visualized at that 
point of time. 
Sitesh Sinha  
 
And in fact even since we have received around Rs. 147 
odd Crores post March 22. As on 31st March ‘22 the 
outstanding was Rs. 387 and if we deduct that Rs.147 
crores which we have recovered, the amount outstanding 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
will be Rs. 240 odd crores which will be lesser than the 
December 21mnumber. 
Abhinav Goyal   
 
Other than the business, other than the indirect 
contribution which we are making to the environment, we 
are doing some social responsibility. For Delhi the big 
issues was smoke because of burning of parali in Punjab 
and the other neighbouring states. So we have 
contributed significantly on this aspect. We are having e-
mobile help for the weaker section of the Society, lot of 
projects we have undertaken for the benefit of the society. 
This is our standing as on the 31st October 2022. Over to 
you MD Sir and for any contribution on our delivery. 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
Yeah, so we will thank you very much for the presentation, 
which you made so I understand. I will just recalculate, my 
team had said, because we have done better on most of 
the operating parameters, including PAT gross profit 
ROEs, the improvement in capital adequacy, debt equity 
ratio and in absolute number terms, even in the stress 
asset. 
So all parameters we have been able to spread 
everywhere, we have been able to do two things I wanted 
to highlight here. 
One is that you know, we have, over a period, developed 
a very strong underwriting capability. 
Of course we could not get the full benefit of it in the last 
quarter of the last year of the first quarter of this year 
where you know, board was almost non-operational. 
Now not only the board was became operational now we 
have recently said that the PFS has got its own 
independent board also. 
So the second thing which I wanted to highlight here is 
that we have a very robust pipeline. 
Just quickly ask them good because I do not want to deny 
you of questions because for a long time you are not 
interactor but quickly the pipeline, the business which we 
have in some like the Ankur just very shortly we just 
explain it. 
Ankur Bansal   
 
Thank you Sir. Currently serves as far as business is 
concerned, we have a pipeline of upwards of 4500 crores 
and this pipeline is fully diversified in nature. This is 
spread over like roads, airports, logistics, EV sector, 
water, waste management, then shipping waste to energy 
and power transmission. And broadly on the breakup of 
the pipeline, the renewables would constitute around 
1500 crores, Electric Mobility around 1000 crores, ports 
around 700 crores. Power and Transmission is around 
200 crores. 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Shipping and roads included is around 1500 crores and 
waste management around 350 crore . So this is an 
overall pipeline of more than 4500 crores. 
And then secondly, like MD sir has told the PFS has been 
focusing on sustainable infrastructure. So we see a lot of 
upcoming companies in sectors like water and waste 
management and PFS have always believed in 
supporting upcoming companies to give them growth 
capital. 
So with the same strategy we have been supporting, even 
apart from established companies, we have been 
supporting upcoming companies and which helps them to 
achieve scale over time. 
Thirdly I would like to highlight that a PFS has been very 
nimble in its approach and always believed to have a first 
mover advantage like the Sitesh Ji told some time that we 
had funded.  
We were the first movers in the EV sector whereby we 
have funded around 300 buses in UP, electric buses in 
UP and we had sanctioned around 350 Crores to green 
cell Mobility. This shows our commitment to not only to 
sustainable infrastructure, but to be first move having a 
first food advantage and supporting companies in their 
growth cycle, then fourthly I would highland that apart 
from diversification in book, we are also very fully 
diversified in our products. Apart from the regular project 
financing, we have been supporting infrastructure 
companies with products like working capital bridge loan 
short term loans and then revolving construction Finance 
which has been utilized for capex at the SPV level. 
So this so basically PFS is able to offer a various gamut 
of services to these infrastructure companies who 
basically approaches for all the funding requirements and 
in turn this helps to increase the yield of the books. 
Also because these innovative financing structures give 
us a better yield than get project financing. Secondly help 
to churn our books very fast. 
And thirdly, it helps to earn a lot of fees on these kind of 
structures. 
Then I would like to highlight that going forward our focus 
is to basically grow our book size significantly in the 
balance year left and will be focusing on core infra, roads 
and ports etc. And will also focus on sustainable 
infrastructure like EV water, waste management and we 
have a robust pipeline towards that end and we are thing 
well equipped to underwrite all these, all these kind of 
loans going forward. That is a brief from business. 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
Thank you Ankur. So I think now we can have QNA for 
that. 
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd.   
 
Okay we open the floor to QNA participants, can raise 
their hands and we'll cue them up in terms of QNA  In the 
meanwhile, Abhinav ji, 
There's a couple of questions in the chat if you would like 
to begin from there. 
Abhinav Goyal  
 
Yeah, so am I just reading it? So there is a question from 
Mr. Siddharth that when do we plan to announce the 
result for two quarters of the current financial year? 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
I guess. So let's CFO handle that question and only thing 
is from my management. We have given them a target of 
doing it as quickly as possible, so it should be days. 
Now I leave it to Sanjay to decide the more of this. 
Sanjay Rustagi   
 
We are trying our best or as quickly as possible,  since 
the tpresent auditor gave the notice for intent to resign 
and we need to appoint a new auditor once existing 
auditor resign. 
But we may get this in quick time, maybe two weeks. 
Thank you. 
Abhinav Goyal  
 
We're trying to get it done in two weeks, so our team is 
working hard; most probably yes two weeks. 
Another question is what are the chances of the company 
being suspended for trading? If I have understood the 
NSE circular clearly, you have to declare the result of the 
first two quarter by seventh of December, but I guess it's 
already been replied. 
So once we are planning to get it in two weeks and, 
probably there is a very slight probability of getting this 
invoked. 
Another query, It says that I remember you being in one 
of the previous conferences call regarding compensating 
the investor with handy dividend. Why we have not been 
declared any dividend for the previous year. 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
Yeah, so this year we could declare dividend because 
settled of our operations went into our reserves and 
through RBI formula. 
You know, that was not coming, but in the current year, 
because I've already said that I can't tell the numbers in 
advance, but I've already told when we decide the 
balance sheet in the last quarter we are designing today. 
The provisioning numbers to a very great extent have 
already been observed and so we should look for a good 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
result and surely we would like to compensate for that. 
This year also you know, as I have already said a couple 
of points, because my business head has very clearly said 
that we have a very decent track pipeline of over 5,500 
crores and many of these pipelines are at various stages 
of underwriting and many of them are low hanging. 
And our effort is to take up projects where we can, you 
know, which have faster deployment of resources. 
And that is one of the reasons apart from the carbon 
footprint, another reason why we have avoided doing 
thermal and large hydro projects, which you know. 
Also one of the causes of distress in our balance sheet is 
you know, we want to avoid projects, we have a longer 
gestation period and we want to do average gestation 
period. We want to cutdown less than a year for most of 
the projects. 
So that is what we are endeavouring to achieve. So 
deployment of funds, so we hope to do, you know, we 
hope to get the sanction target of last year, what we did 
and also meet the disbursement target closer to what last 
year we did. 
So based on that, what NIM & spread you are saying, we 
are maintaining a good NIM & spread. 
You know we are meeting spread close to almost 3 
percent NIM of close to 4.9. There is a very good capital 
adequacy, debt equity is also very good and liquidity 
challenges also not there for us. 
So we hope to, you know, is this kind of spread the kind 
of sanctions or disbursement will do. 
We should be able to, you know, incrementally 
accordingly add to our balance sheet. I cannot exactly 
give you what number will come, but it is anybody's guess 
and you can make a backup base calculation based on 
the four or five parameters. 
I have said it will be very easy to calculate and as I insisted 
that you know, the provisioning numbers already have 
taken historically whatever provision had to be done we 
have done and most of our assets which are there stress 
assets very limited which is there on a stage of resolution.
Abhinav Goyal  
 
Mr.  Nihar we are having one question for Mr Karthik. So 
instead of get it may be requested to Mr. Karthik to please 
raise his hand. So as he may ask the question directly. 
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd.   
 
Mr. Karthik kindly please raise your hand, will allow you to 
voice out your question in the meanwhile. 
So there's a question from Mr Dinesh K, then please go 
ahead 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
DINESH K   
 
Sorry I was on mute hope my voice is audible. 
DINESH K   
 
The follow on question regarding the auditor. I think you 
said that after finalizing auditor, you will take two weeks 
to declare result or the auditor has already been finalized.
Sanjay Rustagi  
 
The auditor because the existing auditor has to resign and 
then we can appoint the new auditor. A selection of 
auditor has already been taken place by the board, but his 
appointment is pending and accounts may take 15 days 
from his appoint. 
 auditor may need time to understand the business and 
financials. Financials from our side is almost ready. 
So it is depend upon him how quickly he can give his 
report on those numbers. Review Written. 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
His selection is already there and he should already has 
given you a target date so that should be what we should 
look at. 
Karthik Aithal   
 
Hi this is from Karthik, thanks that you already released 
your all the and like results soon or is this last day 
financial. 
So I have a couple of questions so stake sale from the 
promoter still on the card like we had some 
announcement around 2020 around these and then 
because of the valuation they were having some 
concerns. 
So is it still on the card or it will be? 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
Already Promoter has returned that the matter has been 
started. So can they take it up again. It's not on cards. 
immediately, 
Karthik Aithal   
 
okay, thanks. And what is the plan to reduce the Net 
NPA? Because still we are seeing that growing further. 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
No net NPA has not gone up. I think Sanjay will explain 
that in absolute number it has not gone up. 
See, there was one asset which we are already giving in 
stage 3, which of course that is a thing like because still 
today also because we were not giving this NPA because 
of the court order, but it was definitely in stage 3. 
So in fact, provisioning numbers on that have gone up. In 
the 
previous 
quarter 
we 
did 
some 
incremental 
provisioning there, but the status of project is, you know, 
definitely better because this is the ILFS Tamil Nadu , 
Which I'm talking about, where the resolution plan is 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
almost on the bill, and also this national asset 
reconstruction company which has been constituted. 
So of course today we avoid doing a large consolation 
lending. But these are some of the legacy cases where 
you know with this, the public sector banks who are 
mostly read in such cases have become very comfortable.
So they're trying to push this too, through a resale route. 
And since its operating plant, you know how power 
demand is there today. 
So we hope to get, you know, reasonably good there 
resolution out of that, either through a resolution plan or 
through the National Asset Reconstruction Company, 
which should happen in a month or two. 
But the number has not gone up. There's no further 
addition. There's no steep pitch in these recent months or 
one year there's been no slippage of any kind, except 
ASIAN Hotel 3 crore , which of course a negligible 
amount. But there are also that this is a reliable kind of in 
money. 
So only thing is that what we were still we could have 
avoided showing IL&FS. This account is not NPA 
because we have a court order, but as a matter of 
prudence we are disclosing it that it has becoming NPA 
But of course we also have to be careful not to be on the 
wrong side of law because you know we will be always 
making it clarification to this effect that as far as the law 
goes, this is not an NPA. But as a matter of abundant 
prudence, we are showing this as an NPA because this 
particular asset, when it's operational, almost 2200 crore 
lying in the TRA account. But debt servicing is not 
happening because as you remember it marked to red 
category. So this I felt in the Amber category and as soon 
as the resolution plan is approved it will go into green 
category and the debt servicing will start. 
So there is no deterioration in neither in the asset quality 
nor there additional slippage of NPA this one account 
which was in Stage3. In any case it was accounting 
getting treated the way it had to be treated but and 
provisioning also it was getting treated the way it had to 
be treated. But only thing is that we have now put it as 
NPA So that leads to you know, the optically it looks that 
NPA numbers have gone up. 
Sanjay Rustagi   
 
Yes I would like to add or something that net NPA number 
as on 31st March 22 is 387 crore and we have already 
received around 147 crore and so that brings down to the 
at NPA number to 240 crore against the December 
number of 253. 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
So it is the lowest number among the previous six 
quarters.. 
And like you already said, there are two accounts 
resolved if I remember correctly. One is the meenakshi 
which is under ARC.  meenakshi  and ILFS these two 
account goes then the NPA number will come down 
significantly and there is no incremental and no new 
slippage. 
Post March 2022, there is no new slippage a small 
amount of 3 Crores was classified as NPA in the last 
quarter that has already been considered in the so this is 
from my side. 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
I think that should answer the question. 
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd.   
 
Karthik your hand is as do you have something further 
here. I guess you need 
Abhinav Goyal   
 
I guess you need to allow he is on mute 
Karthik Aithal   
 
Sorry I was not able to click because yeah, so the follow 
up on that collection part. So have you done all the 
collection from the bad asset or stressed asset or is there 
any further which we are apart from those two accounts 
which you mentioned? So is there further which we are 
planning to collect. 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
Mr. Bisht would you like to add to what Sanjay said just 
now 
Vijay Singh Bisht   
 
Thank you Sir. As Sanjay has already mentioned that 
after the 31st March we have already, you know, resolved 
one account, which is NRSS where it was. 
The decision was taken prior to 31st March, but we 
received the amount of resolution in the first week of April 
so that is around  127 cr so that is removed and in another 
account which is Athena Chhatishgadh, we got a amount 
of around 19 and a half crore, the gross loan  remaining 
was around 20.44 Crore so that makes it  147 crore that 
year and then and then. Apart from that there are 
accounts like if you see number wise which are very small 
like ICOMM that come around 2.65. 
In this also we have received around a small amount of 
1.2 crore and this will be now taken care. 
And then if you see the larger amount there is, this 
Minakshi is already in the last stages of , NCLT and the 
state bank is the lead. 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
They are also proposing to sell to the bad bank that is the 
NARCL. So we are hoping that we will get some amount 
there. 
So in the next I think one or two quarters it will also get 
resolved. 
And beyond that there is one more account which is the 
stage 3 which is  Dhanu. 
In this case of Dhanu already PFC and REC have started 
disbursement under the late payment surcharge scheme 
…. they have started giving directly to the  generator and 
from the last 3 or 4 months we are receiving  amounts and 
it will be resolved under 12 equal monthly installment. 
So the entire amount would be received. 
So for the last four months we have received amount  
close to 20 odd crores   
 the balance I think will be around 60 or 70 crore will be 
there  so that will be received in the next 8 months so 
that's all from my side,  
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd.   
 
Next we have Shivam Sarswati; Shivam you can go 
ahead and ask a question 
Shivam Sarswati   
 
hi, I hope I am audible. 
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd.   
 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Shivam Sarswati   
 
Okay, so PTC India holds about 65 percent in your 
company and in one of the previous interactions with the 
management, they spoke of plans for divestment. 
So could you shed some light on the way forward? And 
also is there any further strategic initiatives planned by the 
business? 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
Yeah, so as I had mentioned earlier that, you know, the 
complications to stock exchange back, its last was that 
the whole thing has been kept aside so they have not 
come back on that. 
So I presume that as on date, the position is safe. There 
is no modifications. So they're not looking at this 
investment now and so and also it would be, you know 
best that let PTC answer this question because they were 
the right people to answer it. 
But as of now the way it is that this is that and it is not 
happening anything. 
Currently it is not likely to happen.  

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
As far as our strategic plan goes, our strategic plan goes 
because the vision which you know is basically coming 
from, we have a very vision which has come from, you 
know, 
global 
scenario 
where 
economics 
and 
sustainability are tight and we are truly committed to in our 
contribution India’s contribution to Net zero. 
We want to be a player, important player in that. So our 
vision we want to position ourselves as India’s is one of 
the major organizations which would be contributing 
significantly to the net zero and be the part of economic 
transition from, you know a dark economy or black 
economy to green economy. 
So this is our vision and that is where the huge opportunity 
is going to come and what is going to be green is not only 
going to be sustainable for the environment, but we feel 
that it is going to be very strongly, not only feel but we 
believe that it is going to be you know, very, very 
sustainable for economics. 
Also like in covid period, all the thermal power plants, the 
payment delay problem which happened but none of our 
you know we never had to like moratorium and all hardly 
we have to give any moratorium in our case is There was 
no, you know, stress in any of our payments because 
renewal energy plans did operate on principle and we got 
paid in time, so never there was default. In fact, since a 
lot of liquidity support came from the government, we did 
much better than what, you know, most of the lenders had 
done so that is our vision and we want to take a very large 
pie. 
And let me also tell you two or three things. One is, Of 
course, there have been some backburner delaying 
accounts. You know, some of the issues which came up, 
which are not behind us, but also, you know, like it 
happens, the churnings it has been the churning of the 
company today, do we have? 
We have the position that we know the direction in which 
we are moving. So there's a lot of clarity between 
promoter and us and also there's a lot of clarity in this 
sense of business direction because there was zero. Of 
course sense of direction are also, but there were a 
couple of ambiguities around that which have been taken 
away. And our system, like the current board, also has 
now given a lot of power to the business committee to take 
decisions. So having had that kind of clarity and direction 
which we have moved and the opportunities which are 
there, like I said, we are moving from 140 Gigawatt to, you 
know, 500 gigawatt, this is to 23 and by 30 we have to 
move there. So in that space we are. Many of my 
colleagues told that we have been the prime. You know, 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
we have been the prime movers, so we have it, you know, 
first movers in this direction. 
So we hope to play a very good role there. And not only 
we are doing here is a little bit of crowding. 
I do agree in this space of typical project finance, but as 
my colleague pointed out that we have a lot of hybrid 
finance models and our strength comes from hybrid 
financing. So we will try to take a very large kind of pie of 
the cake and at least let me assure you that from now 
onwards, when I say no onwards, means November 
onwards, the kind of growth will be able to present would 
be unprecedented. 
It will be, you know, kind of like that was already 
happening because in the previous year, if you see that 
we had done 4,100 sanctioned , and with the same 
moment we would have almost crossed 5,000. 
At least 6,000 you would have reached because the 
largest sanction happens in the last quarter. That is the 
conservative number I'm giving. 
So at that moment, from now on, what we are going to 
maintain, so we are going to grow in a way which we have 
never grown in past because of the opportunities, 
because of a lot of policy clarity and this mitigation around 
credit proposals, also because of good capital adequacy 
and the kind of liquidity and the equity issue which we 
have, 
like the strong team of underwriting capability which we 
have. 
Shivam Sarswati  
 
Great Sir Thank you for the comprehensive insights. 
I have one more question for you. So could you tell us a 
bit more about the partnership with GGGI to set up the 
Renewable Energy Infra Fund? 
And by when can we see it reflect in our accounts? 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
So you know, with Green Growth Fund, we are not. 
They're not going to be our partners in that. Basically they 
are giving us kind of, you know, they are giving us what 
we call support in setting up the fund and basically on their 
own investment they have done. 
They have done the business modelling for us and they're 
accounting partners also globally, who can be our 
partners. So we have had a couple of talks with various 
because for the front of one of the requirements of RBI is 
that I need to have at least two equity partners and of 
course we have requested on for four years. 
But it has not happened so far because they are really 
debt funds. We've provided this kind of report business for 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
both your lending finance as well as IDF were provided 
this kind of work business so we have asked for but not 
be standing that we are at your not discussion with 
various basically led by green growth. 
You know they are the ones who are trying to find a 
business partner for us to take it forward. So we will work 
on that. See that this gets matured. Hopefully I can't give 
a timeline of this immediately, but it should happen as 
early as possible. But then we are also trying to walk up 
alongside with them because not limited to setting up debt 
funds but also scouting partners. 
As you know, we are a lot of international development 
agencies. Financial development agencies would now be 
interested in bringing their products in India. And if we 
can, we used as since we have that that underwriting 
capability and we have that you know that flexibility of 
doing hybrid products. 
So we can be a kind of an intervenor between all these 
developmental institution and the project developers. 
Shivam Sarswati   
 
Yes, okay, thank you so much sir. Nothing further from my 
side, 
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd.   
 
Okay, next we have a question from Mr Jayendra Kumar.
Sir please go ahead. 
Jayendra Kumar Nujella   
 
Yeah, thanks for giving me the opportunity and thanks to 
the team for producing the Q4 results 2022 Good set of 
numbers and I have a couple of questions . 
One is relating to like, Can we expect any monthly 
business updates from the company? And the second 
question is, many times since three years I'm observing 
this company. I'm a shareholder of this company. In five 
years I'm observing since three years, many times the 
meetings will get scheduled and it is getting cancelled and 
it is going on it's every, it's never ending and this is 
creating a lot of now. For a small investor like me losing 
the patience and we are losing the confidence on the 
company. 
I don't want this to happen in the coming future meetings 
and, and the net interest margin is very low. That is what 
I believe and what would what would be the interest ot 
profit we are making? It is going towards the provision 
itself and it's not reverting any way to the investors. 
Can you, explain more about how we can see the 
company in the upcoming quarters? 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
It would not turn. You know, I will like to answer this 
question and I'm glad that you raised these issues so that 
it can be addressed. 
The first of all, you know, I do agree with you that, you 
know, there have been a couple of times in the past, not 
more than one solitary occasion where we had to 
announce our results and go ahead and do it. 
That was, let me very clear and transparent about it, 
because we have been trying to, you know, do results as 
quickly as possible for the reasons best known to 
everyone here. 
You know what were the reasons. And there is, you know, 
there was nothing like linking this with the forensic audit 
So that is the reason why, you know, and of course some. 
He was taken by the for forensic audit to do it. So there 
were a couple of times where we did. 
We did try to have reserves, as you know, on a scheduled 
date, but because of viewpoint emerging that the 
pharmacy card it should be completed before the 
results.And that's why we were not able to, you know, 
often reach to a violent conclusion. So I do agree with you.
But then now that we have come with that, that is a thing 
of past which is already over because there was always 
this was the bottle and that bottle has been closed so this 
will not happen regarding them as I think I improved quite 
a bit and for an infrastructure company it has gone up. 
From last quarter it was 4.0 to has gone up to 4.30 and 
for the year also it has gone up from 4.92 - 4.30 year. 
So NIMs have been improving. That's quite last three 
years. NIMs and Spread is one area which we have very 
hard and we have tried to improve the operational 
markets. Yes, there have been provisioning issues 
because I said there were legacy issues and because of 
that we had to do the provisioning and we made some 
provisioning. 
And because of that the profit numbers did not really 100 
percent reflect the operational efficiency. As my colleague 
CFO has just mentioned that now the numbers, have 
almost, you know, turned down below 300 crores and for 
which also we have a resolution plan. 
So you know most of it. The provisioning thing has we 
addressed and the operational efficiency which we have 
on our system and with the increased incremental loan 
book, probably you will find the in fact, somebody had 
asked her question that when will you reach return on 
capital employed double digit; and let me assure you, if 
you look at operating numbers, we are already above the 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
return on capital employed, minus the provisioning 
number of which we do. 
But having done most of the provisioning which had to 
happen and whatever little is left out, we have resolution 
plans which we have to take place in a quarter or two. And 
now that we have a full-fledged board in place, that things 
should move faster, so we should be able to give you a 
double digit. I think, the, you know, on the return on capital 
as return capital employed very improve quickly, maybe 
in a quarter or two. 
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd.   
 
okay, great thank you so much sir in lieu of time this was 
the last question I will be passing on the mike to Doctor 
Dr. Pawan Singh for the closing remarks. Over to you sir 
Dr. Pawan Singh   
 
So thank you for all of you coming here and you know, 
interacting with us and already, I have given you, you 
know, kind of a roadmap as to how we will be moving. 
We will be moving broadly on the, you know, sustainability 
model, NET ZERO. You know, India's commitment to 
NDC internationally determined contribution will be 
definitely playing our role. There has a great infrastructure 
finance company and where we have opportunities. 
And as I said that now many of these things have been 
streamlined and decentralized and which should help us 
to, you know, take things power in the right direction.And 
you know, both in terms of growth and both in terms of 
operational efficiency. We should be able to come back to 
you. And somebody gave, you know, probably 
suggestion. We would look at it, a very valuable 
suggestion that can we give a monthly blue print subject 
to whatever regulatory, whatever? 
Maybe you know regulatory issues here, but to be 
differently from outside like to do that type of testify 
investment team to take care of it. And very soon we will 
also have a director finance we have already priced for 
the post and we will be having a Director of finance in our 
company and of course the issues of the forensic auditor. 
Whatever was there. We have been very, very 
transparent. We have given the replies. Every culture has 
been addressed. 
Every point has been addressed. We have a very strong, 
you know, understanding of our subject and RBI does our 
inspection every year and we are, you know, almost zero 
kind of, you know, adverse remarks from RBI or any of the 
inspection before. And we have been very, very clear, you 
know, there have been issues and you know there have 
been some kind of this created around it. But all the 
questions which have been raised have been adequately 
addressed in the replies which we have given. 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
And let me assure you, we have a very strong robust 
financial system in past. Also, we have never had any 
qualification and probably will not have qualifications in 
future. So with this remark, you know, let me assure you 
that you will see PFS as a clean green, sustainable 
infrastructure Finance company. 
S-Ancial Technologies Pvt Ltd.   
 
Thank you sir; dear all we will be concluding this call due 
to paucity of time. 
We will soon be interacting again with the Q1 and Q2 
results. Thank you so much everyone 
Abhinav Goyal  
 
Thank you all. Thanks for team from team PFS site 
 
 
 
 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
 
