 
 
 
LIL:CS:NSE:BSE:2022-23 
 
 
 
                        Date : 25.11.2022 
                                                     
BSE Limited
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Security Code : 517206
Symbol : LUMAXIND
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call- Q2 & H1 FY 2022-23  
Dear Sir/Ma'am,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript 
of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held on Monday, November 21, 2022 at 04:00 P.M. to 
discuss the operational and financial performance of the Company for the 2nd Quarter and Half year ended on 
September 30, 2022.  
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxindustries 
You are requested to take the same on records and oblige.  
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
PANKAJ MAHENDRU 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
M.NO. A-28161 
 
 
 
Encl: As Stated above 
PANKAJ 
MAHENDRU
Digitally signed by 
PANKAJ MAHENDRU 
Date: 2022.11.25 
18:38:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Lumax Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DEEPAK JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANMOL JAIN – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – LUMAX 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
 
MR. VINEET SAHNI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
SENIOR EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – LUMAX INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY MEHTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
 
MR. SHRUTI KANT RUSTAGI– CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANKIT THAKRAL – CORPORATE FINANCE – LUMAX 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MS. PRIYANKA SHARMA – HEAD CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATIONS – LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR  
 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call of Lumax Industries Limited. This conference 
call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the 
future performance of the company, and it may involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I'll hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Jain, Chairman and 
Managing Director of Lumax Industries Limited for his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Jain: 
A very good afternoon, everyone. Let me first state a very good health 
to all. Along with me on this call today, I have Mr. Anmol Jain, Joint 
Managing Director; Mr. Vineet Sahni, CEO and Senior Executive 
Director; Mr. Sanjay Mehta, Group CFO; and Shruti Kant, CFO, along 
with Ankit from Corporate Finance and Priyanka for Head Corporate 
Communications; as well as SGA our Investor Relations Advisor. The 
results and investor presentations are uploaded on the stock exchange 
and the company's website. 
The Indian auto component industry is undergoing a robust growth 
path, with shifts in the supply chain, consumer demands and high 
development prospects. Growth of the global OEM sourcing from India 
and localization is turning the country into a preferably designing and 
manufacturing base, strong policy support from the government with 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
FAME II and also constant R&D support has been the lubricant in this 
journey. The monthly FADA and auto number data has been extremely 
encouraging and points to the demand recovery in the vehicle retail 
sales rising to 48% in October compared to the same month last 
financial year on account of the festive season and monsoon. 
Good market sentiment coupled with festive boosts made the festive 
’22 to as the best in the last four years. If I look at segment-wise as well, 
I think the passenger car recovery in this financial year will actually be 
the highest in the country, surpassing the peaks of '18, '19. Other 
segments are trailing behind.  
However, we are encouraged by the government's infrastructure 
development and also the future mobility that the other segments like 
the commercial vehicle as well as the 2-wheelers would also catch up. 
Other key drivers for the industry growth still remains key, which has 
an increased focus on technical advancement and improved market 
share. We continue to strengthen our position in this segment and the 
increased penetration of EV should also help the growing volumes 
going forward. 
This is also substantiated with our great order book of the OEMs and 
new model launches planned in the near future. With the new launches 
also across segments and improved demand for premiumization, we 
find ourselves well-placed. We continue to maintain the market 
leadership in lighting. The quarter also embarked acquisition of 100% 
ownership interest of its subsidiary, Lumax Industry, Czech in Czech 
Republic to further strengthen its technology and innovation 
capabilities. We are focused on becoming self-reliant in design and 
development with increased investments in R&D. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
We have also become the preferred partner for Indian OEMs, offering 
best-in-class lighting solutions across various sectors. Our collaboration 
with standard electric company in Japan, which is the only global auto 
lighting company to manufacture LED worldwide has also been a 
catalyst to work with technological advancement. We are working 
towards developing products indigenously and building premium 
products for which we have seen increasing demand. 
On the EV front, as I mentioned, the industry has a huge uptick in 
demand, and we are going to leverage this with the cutting product 
portfolio. We are also quite certain that although the 2-wheelers have 
been the fast adopter of EV, now the passenger cars is also seeing 
uptick. As mentioned in the previous quarter, out of the order book of 
around INR 1,000 crores in the next two to three years, 50% of this is 
consists of EV vehicles. Now I would like to hand over the line to Mr. 
Sanjay Mehta, Group CFO of the company to update you on the 
financial performance of the company. 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I will update on the operational and 
financial performance for the quarter 2 and 6 months ended FY '23. The 
sale of led lighting for the half year as a percentage of revenue strength 
was 35% and conventional lighting at 65%. With respect to segment 
mix for six months, 65% of revenues from passenger vehicles, 29% from 
2-wheelers and 6% from commercial vehicles. With respect to product 
mix, 66% of revenues from front lighting, 24% from rear lighting and 
10% from other. 
Talking about the financial performance, I'm delighted to say that in the 
quarter 2 FY '23, company has achieved the highest ever quarterly 
revenue standing at INR 620 crores, depicting a growth of 37% on a 
year-on-year basis. Revenue for H1 FY '23 is at INR 1,132 crores as 
against INR 767 crores, witnessing a strong growth of 48%. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
The manufacturing revenues for H1 FY '23 has grown by 49% to INR 
1,101 crores over H1 FY '22. Out of which 38% growth is from volume, 
which is better than the industrial, balance 11% is value driven. The 
company reported consolidated EBITDA of INR 112 crores with a 
margin of 9.9% in H1 FY '23 as against INR 50 crores H1 last year, up by 
340 basis points. In Q2 FY '23, EBITDA stood at INR 64 crores with a 
margin of 10.2%, up by 110 basis points. 
PBT before sale of Associate is INR 37 crores in Q2 versus INR 20 crores 
in the corresponding quarter last year, registering a growth of 87%. The 
PBT for H1 is INR 60 crores at a margin of 5.3%, up by 440 basis points 
from H1 last year. The profit after tax after sale of associates stood at 
INR 53 crores at 4.7% for H1 FY '23 as against INR 5 crores in H1 FY '22 
last year. For Q2 FY '23, the PAT stood at INR 33 crores as against INR 
15 crores for Q2 FY '22. capex incurred during this quarter is INR 33 
crores up to six months. With this, we can open the floor for question 
and answer. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aashin Modi from Equirus. 
Aashin Modi: 
Congrats to the management for a strong set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question is regarding our revenue. So, I was going through our 
customer-wise revenue mix. We have, in this quarter, we have seen 
very strong ramp-up in sales to M&M and to other OEMs. So could you 
please give a color on this? What is our share of business with M&M 
and what sort of a pickup are we seeing in M&M and other OEMs? 
Deepak Jain: 
So thank you. I think you're right. I think the Mahindra & Mahindra, I 
would look at the six months because actually our customer growth has 
been almost 70% on the account. And it's actually now become the 
number three customer for us, after Maruti Suzuki and Honda 2-
wheelers. I think clearly, Mahindra with basically its new launches 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
where we are on Scorpio. Also, we had prior said that we are on the 
Thar as well. 
That has actually become a strong player for us. We had basically not 
been on those platforms, so these are new business wins for us. Of 
course, with the whole market turning in into an SUV space, Mahindra 
still leads and is coming back with this. Also happy to say that in the 
next two platforms as well, I think we are preferred for lighting to 
Mahindra & Mahindra. So you'll continue to see a good strong set of 
numbers with the company with Mahindra with us. So I think, of 
course, if I look at it today, I think Mahindra, we are having 70% in the 
front lighting share business, the wallet share with Mahindra. And in 
the rear lamps, we are 30%. However, as I said that after securing the 
next few orders, we increased the wallet share for the inputs. 
Aashin Modi:  
And sir, in the other you are talking about -- 
Deepak Jain: 
And so in the others, I think in the last year we have been able to sustain 
that. So if I were to look at it in terms of, again, Maruti Suzuki, our 
basically growth has been fundamentally 30% plus. Honda 2-wheelers, 
we've been about 38%. And of course, Tata Motors grew 76%. Hero 
also, we've actually been about 35%.  
So I'm again talking about H1 '21-'22 vis-à-vis H1 '22-'23. Also, I think I 
want to put in point is that TVS, we are again, had entered and we 
continue to grow strongly with them. Again, half yearly growth has 
been -- was about 48%. We're pretty bullish on all these customers, 
including Maruti, Mahindra and Tata. And on the 2 wheelers as I said 
all about this. So we see, I think, strong growth prospects with all 
customers. However, as said, maybe Mahindra would probably lead 
the pack because of certain new business wins. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Aashin Modi: 
And sir, the next question is regarding our order books. So we -- our 
share of LED is approximately 34%, 35% and it has stayed there for a 
while now. So could you please share the color of what percentage of 
your order book is LED and what sort of a share do we see going there? 
Deepak Jain: 
I think we continue to maintain that, going forward, we will be having 
in the next three to four years, about 50-50 LED vis-à-vis conventional. 
And matter of fact, did remain that, if you see over the last two years, 
there were limited launches and new product launches into the market 
because primarily reason was on the pandemic. You can actually see 
most of the vehicles have launched now recently have some element 
of LED, vis-Ã -vis, also our INR 1,000 crores order book has almost all 
product developments into LED and in all segments as well. So we do 
definitely see a rise now, once this whole pandemic and new launches 
start coming in, more and more revenues accrue from LED. 
Aashin Modi: 
And sir, thirdly, on the content, which is there this LED penetration, we 
have mentioned that headlamps is four to six times more expensive. So 
could you, please, if you could give us an understanding of what sort of 
content difference is there from SUV to a normal car and what sort of 
LED content per vehicle have we see in LED and halogen? 
Deepak Jain: 
I think it's -- again mentioned before, I think it's kind of different 
depending on the segment. But I think right now, you can look at 
probably around about 2x to 3x kind of a revenue the content value 
add. And the reason why we say this is because it depends on the 
amount of LEDs or what types of LEDs are being utilized in that. So 
that's where it is. I think also in our sense in the 2-wheeler also, we are 
seeing around about think 1.5 to 2 basically. 
Aashin Modi: 
And last question is on margins. So while we are -- we had a very good 
quarter in terms of margins because of better operating leverage, but 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
our gross margins continue to shrink. So if you could highlight 
something over there? And also what would be the impact of forex on 
this quarter's margin? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
So in fact, the margin net of forex of around INR 3 crores on a six 
monthly basis, around INR 1 crores in Q2. The RMC for six months stood 
at almost around 64.8%, slightly higher than the H1 of the last year 
because of certain price reduction given to the customer.  
Deepak Jain: 
I think clearly, I mean, say, we see this as a scope of improvement. I 
mean there are certain price corrections, which we are also expecting 
in the next forthcoming quarters. As you see over the last six months 
and even about a year or so we have been basically talking about the 
back-end arrangement with customers and with basically prices, which 
had been firming up in the past, I think we have to still put out a claims 
which we probably would get in the forthcoming quarters. As you'll see 
that probably get adjusted over the full year time. 
Aashin Modi: 
And then lastly, if you could tell us -- so we have been talking about this 
power plant and its structural impact on margins. So what is its current 
capacity? And what sort of impact it could have if you could explain that 
time-staggered also? 
Deepak Jain: 
The company has two plants in Bawal. One is for lighting products. 
Second is for electronics PCB, I think you're talking more on the 
electronics PCB plant, which we had commissioned about three years 
back. There, I think, of course, the electronics is going to continue to 
pay a very key role in our localization and digitalization scheme. The 
impact, as you see, has already built into the books of almost 150 bps. 
But however, if you see it's more of insourcing, so it does not really 
accrue to our revenue. However, I think going forward, we will be 
further expanding maybe two more lines. Currently, the capacity is with 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
four lines, and now we will actually add two more lines going forward, 
which will further enhance basically value realization. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from Dolat 
Capital. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Congrats for a strong set of numbers. Sir, what is the current capacity 
utilization right now? 
Deepak Jain: 
So currently, across basically the plants with our current capacity, it is 
somewhere around about 85% to 88%. That's where the company's 
capacity utilization.  
Abhishek Jain: 
So most probably, the next year, we are seeing a strong growth in the 
passenger vehicle segment. So are you looking for the capex for the 
new capacity? 
Deepak Jain: 
So I think there has been a plan and discussion in the Board, we will 
soon basically try and look at it in terms of the outlook in terms of 
capacity expansion, most likely we may have to expand nearer to a 
faster-growing customer, which is like Mahindra & Mahindra. So that 
would be in that kind of a region. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And are you looking for the new capacity for the new plant of Maruti 
Suzuki? 
Deepak Jain: 
No, that, I think we have good plants, good actually capacities in the 
NCR. You have to understand that although Maruti Suzuki, has 
announced going forward, one million in Kharkhoda. This is very close 
to our current plants in Dharuhera as well as in Bawal. So we will 
consolidate capacities there. Gujarat we already have a good basically 
thing. But I think fundamentally, we will see certain capacity kind of 
balancing in Gujarat as well as, I think, in the Western region, which 
most likely would be in the Pune area. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So what is your overall capex plan for the next two years? And I mean 
FY '23 and FY '24? 
Deepak Jain: 
I think we will see as of now; we are still under deliberation and 
probably getting the order books reviewed with our customers, we will 
probably be able to disclose it next quarter. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And my last question is regarding the margin side. So as you said that 
there was a volume growth of around 38% out of the 47% growth in 
the revenue and rest is because of the better product mix. So just 
wanted to know what is the impact of the RM inflation in the overall 
revenue and the margins right? 
Deepak Jain: 
I think the total RM impact would be somewhere close to around about 
80 bps as such. And we also expect this to get rationalized. As I said, 
Abhishek, we are talking about certain price settlements with a 
customer, which usually does lag for about six months. Hopefully, in 
the next two quarters, we'll see that coming in. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So most probably, the gross margin will expand in the coming quarter, 
and that will also be positive for the margin, right? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, we should be, as I said, you're talking about quarter-on-quarter, I 
think our intent is to basically get into a double digit and then further 
to a double-digit team. I think this is the company where we probably 
are looking at certain avenues to kind of put that road map. 
Moderator: 
We move to the next question from the line of Amit Hiranandani from 
SMIFS Limited. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Just can you please throw some light on the demand for the passenger 
vehicle post festive season, especially if you can comment on the entry 
level segment, please? And continuing with this, please throw some 
light on the 2-wheeler industry demand scenario as well, please? 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Sure, Amit, I think I personally have always been extremely bullish on 
the Indian auto space. We are seeing a very clear uptick on the 
passenger vehicle, a very, very strong demand. We also do see that 
there is ease of the semiconductor requirements. And also, I think the 
OEMs have started to source inventorized semiconductors to meet 
their next three to four months for at least six month outlook. So, in 
terms of the entry level that you see, 
I mean, this is the first time that the entry-level segment has also seen 
an uptick, and that's primarily because the launch of Alto, Creta and 
fortunately, we are on the headlights on to that. So Maruti Suzuki is 
gaining traction. However, I think we are going to look still at the 
compact SUV as a much more aggressive segment in the passenger car. 
But overall, we are bullish on the three, which is Maruti, Mahindra and 
Tata to actually take the industry growth forward.  
As you already know that the Kia Hyundai they basically are being 
catered by the Associate company at the Lumax. But these four vehicle 
manufacturers, Maruti, Mahindra, Tata and if I look at the Korean 
group, they almost comprise 90% of the TD segment. And that, I think, 
is a very strong indicator of how these companies will probably go 
perform in the future. 2-wheeler segment, I think 2-wheeler segment 
had a better-than-expected festive season. 
However, post the festive season, we do feel that in this coming 
quarter, there will be softening. We are seeing certain traction clearly 
in customers like HMSI and TVS, Hero being stable. However, I think 
Bajaj has a concern because of its export portfolio and not the domestic 
portfolio. With basically rural demand also kicking in and usually a 
laggard of about six to eight months post the pandemic recovery. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
We do see that the 2-wheeler would also in the next quarter or at least 
in the last quarter of this financial year, should basically again, see an 
uptake on it. So that's where it is. Also one I would like to mention that 
the CVs has also picked up. We probably would be crossing almost 
about 1 million, which would be after extremely long time. 
The tractor industry also holds stable. So all in all, I think a very good 
year, a better than- expected year, and it seems that at least with the 
lead of pass-car segment, it is sustaining. And I can probably say that 
with the government thrust in infrastructure spend, specifically on road 
development, I think this is basically boosting the autos sales. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, my second question is basically, can you throw some light on the 
import content? And what all components basically we are importing? 
And if you can throw more light on the backward integration, what we 
are planning now? 
Deepak Jain: 
So I think if I would look at the total imports of the company, it would 
be around about in '21-'22, it was about INR 184 crores, which is about 
16%. So that is basically where it was. And I would actually say that so 
it's pretty much aligned with that, almost 20%. Most of the contributors 
would be on the electronics. It would also include probably the plastic 
parts, which are advanced plastics, which is not available in India. 
What we are trying to do is we are trying to localize the SMTs and the 
PCBs because more and more as the LED start to come in into the 
lighting, this will become more and more as a scope. And with that, 
although the key components or the smaller components like the IC, it 
is basically the resistors and capacitors, they still continue to get 
imported, but there would be more value add, which will be done in 
India through the SMT lines as well as maybe PCB localization. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, my last question, basically, if you can tell me just the margin 
differences between the LED and the conventional lighting. 
Deepak Jain: 
Well, I think marginal difference would be probably around about now 
INR 100 crores to INR 150 crores. Again, it all depends, again, as I said, 
on the amount of LED content, there would be. So that's where it is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique Asset 
Management. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Congratulations on the good numbers. Sir, in your initial remarks, I 
think you've spoken about something on designing and manufacturing 
capability of our company and our country and some outsourcing 
possibility or something like that. So if you can elaborate on those 
opportunities combining this with maybe your recent interaction or 
visit to collaborator or customer outside? 
Deepak Jain: 
So first and foremost, good evening Sunil ji always a pleasure to hear 
you. So I think you're mentioning about is in terms of the Lumax 
Industries Czech office, right. I think that's where it was there in my 
opening remarks. I think clearly, the Czech Republic is primarily to 
strengthen our design and development capabilities. So we have 
opened an R&D center there, a design center there. We have almost 
about 15 people at resources, and this is primarily for advanced 
electronics.  
If you remember, six years ago, we had done a very similar exercise 
with Taiwan, and we have opened up our project management and 
electronic Taiwan, we continue to have that, and this is an expansion 
into Europe. This will assist us in basically gaining more orders for the 
market or specifically customers like Mahindra and Tata, who already 
have a presence in Europe, and they do a lot of development in all.  

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Second, in terms of our, we have partners with it actually after almost 
3.5 years. We were able to go to Japan and last week is coming from 
there, have extremely encouraging discussions with Stanley Electric on 
basically business acquisition, support in terms of technology 
development and maybe also in the future, looking at certain global 
scenarios where India could be used. But currently today, given the 
high-capacity utilization of the company and a good and strong order 
book our focus remains to basically mature and execute these order 
books and continue to try and gain certain wallet share with certain 
customers. 
Sunil Kothari: 
My second question on this very successfully high profit share of 
associates, which we received during this six months almost INR 16 
crores. If you can talk something whatever possible from you how this 
margin is improving. Business is improving very clear with that because 
of Hyundai and Kia both are doing very well. 
Deepak Jain: 
I think this investment and the Associate company SL Lumax has really 
paid off good dividends and good basically strategic focus to us. We will 
continue to maintain that relationship as you already know. Am I 
audible now? Sorry. So I'm just going to repeat that. I think 
fundamentally, this collaboration with SL Lumax has really paid rich 
dividends, both in terms of financial and strategic partnership. We 
continue to basically hold a 20%-plus equity there. And with that, I 
think we are able to have a good leverage onto the market 
consolidation. Hyundai, Kia continues to have a good growth prospect.  
I think currently with Hyundai's capacity is limited, as you see, a much 
more bigger chance with Kia. But I usually take that, at least for the 
company as one block as Korean. And as I mentioned today, together, 
they are almost close to around 20% market share. We expect them to 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
have strong sustained growth with that, the company will continue to 
further grow.  
However, as I mentioned earlier in my call, we should not look at a 
quarter-on-quarter performance because we are dependent on only 
one specific customer, also have a global basically, I would say, 
codependent on each other. So we should look at it as a full year to go 
ahead. And there, we have seen that in the past, they've actually 
maintained kind of 5% to 6% PAT level for the full year going forward. 
So with that, I think we are pretty much saying that we would be able 
to perform. But obviously, the quantum of profit will enhance because 
they have also got a very strong growth in the level. 
Moderator:   
The next question is from the line of Jatin from RTL Investments. 
Jatin: 
Two questions from my side. One is on the sustainability of this SL, 
Hyundai JV number, I think you briefly mentioned about that the 
quantum of profit will vary. But this quarter, the number is nearly at 
11.5% is a big number. So is there any one-off there? 
Deepak Jain: 
I don't think there is a one-off. I think, again, as I said they keep on 
doing in terms of pricing. I never look at this quarter-on-quarter basis. 
I always you see do it on the financial full year kind of visibility. What I 
mentioned was prior that as they grow and as they continue to basically 
grow in terms of revenue, the quantum of percentage may not basically 
vary for the full fiscal, what this probably would enhance the value of 
the profit and basically, of course, with our percentage, we will also 
consolidate that much in Associate. 
Jatin: 
Second question is, we have historically kind of spoken about trying to 
get to a 12% to 13% margin. Now looking at this quarter, this was a 
fantastic quarter in terms of revenues, right, almost INR 620 crores. 
And still, our margins are at about 10%. This journey from 10% to 12%, 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
13%, what are likely to be the key components of it? I think you 
mentioned 80 bps on the RM side that could get reversed, but in terms 
of the additional 200 bps, where do you think that would come from? 
Deepak Jain: 
I mean there are two factors for it. Number one, I think, clearly, there 
should be a more stronger focus on our gross margin, and that means 
improvement on our RMC. So that's one. Of course, I think we would 
like to also ensure that we continuously improve on our productivity 
on our cost competitiveness.  
And with that, I think if you see the manpower and other expenses, 
which can holds on to round to about 25%, 26%. We should see some 
improvement there. So I think that's where we are looking at. I think 
clearly, over the last few years, our fundamental focus has been on 
basically realization of profit with, because our revenues had stagnated 
and revenues had stagnated primarily because of the reasons that 
there had to be some capacity rebalancing what we need to do.  
So I think going forward, we see a strong order book. If you're able to 
basically execute that with basically an eye on our RMC as well as on 
the other expenses, I think we should be in a good position to get into 
what we had looked at a double-digit 12% to 13%. 
Jatin: 
This, you're adding two lines at the Bawal SMT facility, what sort of 
contribution can that provide because…  
Deepak Jain: 
I think that Bawal has already been executed now. I think the issue with 
Bawal was that all of the investments have been put in. There has been 
no revenue because of more enforcing. However, there was a margin 
improvement, if you see about three years back we were actually 
almost around 8%, 8.5%. So we actually went up about 100, 150 bps. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Jatin: 
Just last question. You, in the press release, mentioned that you've 
acquired Volkswagen as a new customer. This is just for India, or are 
there plans for doing something  globally as with them? 
Deepak Jain: 
This is primarily Volkswagen, Skoda as know, India in Skoda has a more 
aggressive to the business, and this is primarily for their Indian project 
going forward. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras 
Investments. 
Saumil Shah:  
Congratulations on good numbers. Sir, I wanted to ask, so normally, our 
second half is much better than the first half. So can we assume a 
similar kind of growth in second half? 
Deepak Jain: 
Well, I also look forward to it, Saumil ji, because the usually industry 
second half is also good, better than the first half. And as you know, 
Lumax Industries kind of obviously has a high market share is in the PV 
segment. But what I can definitely say that we are bullish and we expect 
this kind of revenue pull to continue. 
Saumil Shah:  
So at least, I mean, double-digit growth is possible? 
Deepak Jain:  
Yes, I don't see any red flags, as I said. 
Saumil Shah: 
And sir, one suggestion that our equity is too small. So I mean are you 
looking to do something on that front? 
Deepak Jain:  
Well, as of now, not but please do keep on giving a suggestion and it 
will be considered. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Komal Ladha from Yellow Jersey 
Investment Advisors. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Komal Ladha: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I wanted to ask that you in 
your previous conference call stated that you're targeting 25% market 
share for LED lamps and commercial vehicle segment. So what is the 
current situation there? And what is the revenues that we can expect 
from there? 
Deepak Jain: 
I'm not sure when I said that in terms of 25% market share. However, 
let me just clarify that I think we have always maintained that we would 
basically continue to have our revenues coming in from LED as a 50-50. 
Right now, as Mr. Mehta just said, that our basically LED revenue is 
primarily coming out at 35%. And that basically becomes a growth 
driver for the company. In terms of the commercial vehicle specifically, 
I think we are seeing good traction in terms of the LED adoptions and 
also adoptions of futuristic LED, head lamps and lighting. So I think we 
are putting in our efforts to get into certain Tata, and Ashok Leyland 
because they are the two large basically contributors for  the CV. 
Komal Ladha: 
And can you please tell us what is your market share currently in CV 
and farm equipment segment? 
Deepak Jain: 
So actually, our basically CV and SES, if you look at it, we are primarily 
in around about 7% only. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Harshil Shah from Anvil Shares & 
Securities. 
Harshil Shah: 
Congratulations to the entire team for the great set of numbers. Sir, 
most of my questions have been answered. So, if there's any further 
question, I'll get back in queue. 
Deepak Jain:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Aashin Modi from Equirus. 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Aashin Modi: 
Sir, in the other OEMs, which we there also, there is a very good uptick 
this quarter. So, we were talking about MG adding MG as a customer. 
Is it because of that? If you could talk more about it? 
Deepak Jain: 
Sure. The MG, as is, in our last year, we had actually invested in our 
Sanand expansion that was primarily done for MG Motors. MG 
basically continues to be almost, we're almost 100% on basically MG. I 
think this was done for the Astor as a product. MG continues to have a 
strong foot in the market. Of course, there is some recent news, but I 
think we are pretty bullish because they have a good product portfolio 
and product line.  
So what our fundamental strategy has remained is that in the pass-car 
part, I mean, it's 90%, as I said, I mean only four companies are basically 
doing 90% in the pass-cars, right? And however, I mean, say, we would 
like to continue to be 100% on Hyundai Kia. We are somewhere 
between 40% to 60%, depending on our wallet share with Maruti, 
Mahindra and Tata. We want to continue to at least sustain that and 
then grow with certain spaces where we were not there, like, for 
example, MG Motors, we would like to in future up our share in other 
vehicle makers. TVS is a good example where we were not there, and 
we have basically gone high.  
Also Suzuki two-wheelers, we have actually recently acquired certain 
businesses, and we would like to keep that same kind of a control with 
the two-wheeler segment as well. So that's where and how, because  
having a higher market share, the only way to basically further 
dominate it and it is basically to try and get new customer acquisitions. 
Aashin Modi: 
Sir, we were talking about the HVAC business getting added from FY 
'24. So where are we on that? And any new products which we are 
planning? 

 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
 
November 21, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. Extract, basically, we are on target. We have a single order for 
basically one basically customer. We have already said that the Q4 
2023, that would basically be the SOP. And after that, we probably in 
'23, '24, we would realize and that would be probably around about 
INR 35 crores. In terms of value, it may not be that significant for the 
company looking at the size for the revenue of the company. But I think 
in terms of strategy, it’s extremely important because that basically 
gives further collaboration with our relationship with Stanley and this 
is the next product post lighting that Stanley has globally to offer to our 
customers. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing remarks. Over to 
you, sir. 
Deepak Jain: 
I would like to thank all our shareholders for joining on the call and 
really thank you for your continued support and guidance to us. I would 
like to say that we do remain very confident on the growing prospects 
of India and along with that, the automotive sector. I do hope that 
we've been able to respond to your queries adequately and for any 
other further information request to kindly get in touch with SGA our 
Investor Relations advisors. Thank you very much and have a great 
evening. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Lumax Industries 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
