LIMITED 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza Bldg. 
5tl1 Floor, Plot No.C-1 
'G' Block, Near Wockhardt, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051 
Fax: 26598237/38 
Symbol: DCW 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
November 28, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
1st floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Fax: 22723121/3719/2037/2039 
Scrip Code: 500117 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Investor(sl/Analyst(s) Meet to 
discuss the Business Update & Roadmap Ahead 
With reference to our Conference Call scheduled on November 22, 2022 
intimated vide our letter dated November 18, 2022, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the said Conference Call. 
The same is 
also being uploaded on the Company's website at 
https:llwww.dcwltd.comin compliance with regulations 46(2) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
You are requested to take the aforesaid information on your record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours fai thfull y, 
For DCW Limited 
Dilip Darji 
Sr. General Manager (Legal) & Company Secretary 
Membership No. ACS-22527 
End: A/a 
Dew LIMITED 
HEAD OFFICE: 
"NIRMAL" 3RD FLOOR, NARIMAN POINT, MUMBAI-400 021. 
TEL.: 22871914,22871916,22020743 TELEFAX: 22 2202 8838 
REGISTERED OFFICE: DHRANGADHRA· 363 315 (GUJRAT STATE) 
Email: ho@dcwltd.com. Website: www.dcwltd.com. CIN-L24110GJ1939PLC000748 
DILIP VISHNUBHAI 
DARJI
Digitally signed by DILIP VISHNUBHAI DARJI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=2970, 
pseudonym=ba1cc4d3f70039e4edf70c5c6bda52cb, 
2.5.4.20=277F708891F584725F0EDFCBACDBF951C385A7384F
A539F32C3D7AA0A7AEDB63, postalCode=400068, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=1cfd7e8397e9743b7646a4451a51e58800a25c6
0ad78cc25c95b70b7c69fd6c2, cn=DILIP VISHNUBHAI DARJI 
Date: 2022.11.28 20:28:02 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
DCW Limited 
Investor Presentation Call 
The 22nd of November 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Investor Call of DCW Limited hosted by 
Dickenson World. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and you will be able to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jaju from Dickenson World. Thank you. And 
over to you. 
Rahul Jaju: 
Good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to everyone here for the Investor Con Call of DCW 
Limited. 
I would like to remind you that today's remark might include forward-looking statements, and 
actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements. 
Any statements we make on this call today are based on our assumption as of date, and we 
have no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future 
events. 
Today we have the Management of DCW Limited, represented by Mr. Saatvik Jain – President 
of DCW Limited; Mr. Amitabh Gupta – CEO; Mr. Sudarshan Ganapathy – COO, and Mr. 
Pradipto Mukherjee – CFO. I would now like to invite Mr. Saatvik Jain to make his opening 
remarks. Over to you. 
Saatvik Jain: 
Good evening, everyone. And thank you all for connecting with us today. It is great to get 
associated with our investors. And we will undoubtedly have more such regular interactions 
from here on. 
As most of you know about DCW, I shall keep this brief. DCW is a company that has 
transitioned into the Specialty Chemical space with having presence in niche Specialty 
Chemicals like CPVC, Synthetic Iron Oxide Pigment that is SIOP, and Synthetic Rutile. We also 
manufacture Commodity Chemicals like Caustic Soda, Soda Ash and PVC. 
Over the last four to five years, we have concentrated our efforts on our Specialty Chemicals 
business. As a result, Specialty Chemicals now contribute close to 25% of the Company's 

 
Page 2 of 17 
overall EBITDA. Our CPVC plant at our Sahupuram facility in Tamil Nadu was set up as India's 
first CPVC plant. Most of the demand for this product is met through imports. As of H1 FY'23, 
our capacity utilization was 100%, with nearly 30% EBITDA margins. 
The SIOP plant at our Sahupuram facility is one of the largest-scale SIOP plants in Asia for Red 
and Yellow Pigments. We have contracts with some of the world's largest consumers of 
pigments like Colorbiotics and Venator in the USA. We are producing at around 65% capacity 
and have witnessed a significant turnaround for this product. As a result, we are expecting 
EBITDA margins to remain in the range of approximately 30%. DCW is also a manufacturer of 
Synthetic Rutile, one of two manufacturers in India. This product goes into the production of 
Titanium Metal and Titanium Pigment. 
We are now coming to the essential part of our discussion. As most of you know, the 
Company has transitioned over the last three to four years. Our earlier interactions with you 
have been very fruitful in explaining our business model and our near-term areas of focus. 
Primarily that was: 
1) 
Augmenting our working capital. 
2) 
Maximizing and sweating out our existing assets 
3) 
Reducing our finance costs. 
We are happy to state that we have successfully completed the above agenda. Our current 
ratio as of the 30th of September was 1.33. Utilization across all our products is maxed out, 
barring SIOP to some extent. And the last point is that our high-cost debt has finally been 
refinanced with mainstream bank funding. This will give our Company around 700 to 800 bps 
savings on our finance costs going forward. Our CFO Mr. Pradipto Mukherjee will further 
elaborate on this in some time. This effort has made our balance sheet leaner, stronger and 
more sustainable over an extended period of time. 
Now this agenda is complete, the Management has shifted its focus to long-term and 
sustainable growth, especially on its bottom line. As the first phase of our growth plan, we 
would like to share that our Company has planned to double our CPVC capacity by adding 
another 10,000 tonnes of production. This CAPEX aligns with our overall strategy of further 
making inroads into Specialty Chemicals. As we know, DCW is the sole manufacturer of CPVC 
in India at this point in time. We believe that this CAPEX will further strengthen our market 
position, considering the demand situation. Per our internal estimations, this project is 
expected to be commissioned in the second half of FY'24. However, efforts are on to try and 
fast-track this project. 
In addition, we also plan to augment the capacity utilization of our SIOP plant to 100%, with 
some line-balancing CAPEX. This will add around 10,000 tonnes of additional production per 
annum from the current levels. We estimate this project to be complete by the 1st Quarter of 

 
Page 3 of 17 
FY'24. DCW is investing around Rs. 125 crores on these two projects, which we expect would 
add around Rs. 60 crores to Rs. 70 crores to our bottom line. 
As mentioned earlier, our future growth will be focused on Specialty Chemical segments. 
Apart from further growth in CPVC, our strategy and R&D teams are already focused on 
identifying products relating to Chlorine chemistry, with the aim to become Chlorine neutral 
and apart from other niche products, which tie in with DCW's history of being a pioneer in the 
products that we make. Having said that, the Commodity business is an integral part of the 
Company as it provides cyclical benefits from time to time. We stand to take advantage of the 
cycles when it comes, just like PVC last year and Caustic Soda or Soda Ash this year. 
With this, I shall hand over to our CFO, Mr. Pradipto Mukherjee, to give you details about our 
performance and some more information on the refinancing arrangement that we have done 
earlier this year. Thank you. And over to you, Pradipto. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
Good afternoon, everybody. 
I would first like to talk about the significant highlight for Quarter 2 of the Company, which 
was the closure of the arrangement with the Kotak Special Situation Fund, which we call 
(KSSF). So, as per the Company's initial objective of achieving and stabilizing operation 
performance, the next big trigger for the Company was to rationalize its finance cost. Now, as 
of the 31st of March 2022, our gross debt for the Company stood at around Rs. 550 crores 
and the lion's share of it was Rs. 410 crores from KSSF, which was at an IRR of 17%. We are 
happy to reiterate that we have successfully refinanced the same and struck a closure with 
the KSSF deals. 
To talk a bit more about the KSSF structure which we had, so, it was way back in March 2021 
when the Company raised funds by issuing debentures to KSSF. There were two parts to the 
borrowings. One was Convertible Debentures to the tune of Rs. 60 crores, and the other Non-
Convertible Debentures issued to the tune of Rs. 350 crores which totals up to Rs. 410 crores. 
Now, the OCD had a coupon of 9.17% and a maturity of 18 months as per the convertible 
instrument’s timeline mandated by SEBI. On the Non-Convertible Debentures, the coupon 
was 11%, and it was a six-year tenure debt, with the two years lock-in period.                         
So, far as OCD is concerned, the underlying was the issue of shares of  3.33 crores at a price of 
Rs. 18 if it was converted at the option of the debenture holder. On the contrary, it could also 
have been redeemed, however, by paying with an IRR of 17%. 
Just to throw more light on the NCDs, the NCD had a 17% IRR with an 11% coupon, as I 
mentioned, but the tenure was six years with a two-year lock-in. At the beginning of this 
Quarter, we had engaged with KSSF to strike a closure of the deal in its entirety, which are 
both the OCD as well as the NCD. So, basis our engagement and finally, what fructified was 

 
Page 4 of 17 
that, KSSF have converted 55% of the OCD, the face value of which is Rs. 33 crores, and the 
Company issued 1.83 crores shares to KSSF. The balance of Rs. 27 crores which are 45% of the 
OCD, was redeemed at an IRR of 17%. So, the Company has to pay Rs. 27 crore of face value 
and Rs. 3.05 crore of redemption premium on the OCD. 
Just to stop by here that the Company, as I told had paid around Rs. 30.05 crores for the 
redemption of the OCD, including its redemption premium. The Company avoided the issue 
of another 1.5 crore shares, which in financial parlance is basically that the Company bought 
back 1.5 crore shares from KSSF by paying Rs. 30.05 crores, which eventually means we 
bought back the shares at Rs. 20 per share, a bit more than that, while our prevailing share 
prices today are Rs. 50. So, this deal of the redemption of the OCD is significantly beneficial to 
the shareholders of the Company. 
While as a part of the total deal, we also discussed with KSSF and asked for an early exit on 
the NCD. As I mentioned earlier, the NCD had a lock-in period of two years, which eventually 
means we could have only gotten out of the NCD somewhere in March 2023. But we engaged 
with KSSF and asked them to give us an early exit on the NCD as well, and which they agreed. 
However, we had to pay upfront pre-closure charges of Rs. 9.5 crores. 
During this period, Rs. 9.5 crores have come as a hit in the interest part for Quarter 2. If you 
calculate, we have refinanced this debt by a term lending of 9.5%. So, to calculate 7.5% of 
savings on this Rs. 350 crores of refinancing for a period of six months, which is the early exit 
period, for which we paid this Rs. 9.5 crores charges. So, it will amount to Rs. 13 crores of 
savings of interest costs in the next two quarters. So, this part of the deal as well, what we 
have saved is around Rs. 3 crores to Rs. 3.5 crores even after we paid Rs. 9.5 crores of pre-
closure charges. 
I mean, this more or less concludes our discussion and deal with KSSF, and as we have 
completed this deal, we have also managed to tie up an additional Rs. 80 crores of 
borrowings for the future CAPEX, which Mr. Saatvik Jain had just informed you of. So, we 
have added another Rs. 80 crores of borrowings, which is also at a sub-10 % interest cost. 
So, after the conclusion of this entire financing activity in this Quarter and given that we had 
the best ever half-yearly performance, sale of our non-core asset, primary infusion of capital 
by the promoters to the tune of Rs. 22.5 crores, the Company's balance sheet as on the 30th 
of September 2022 has been strengthened like never before, and we are well poised to take 
up the next level of growth. 
Just to touch upon specific balance sheet ratios, firstly, the Company's gross debt as of the 
30th of September stands at Rs. 544 crores as against the 31st of March at Rs. 550 crores. The 
debt-equity ratio starting from March 2021, if you see was 0.91. It came down to 0.69 in 
March 2022, and today it hovers around 0.57. This is on the gross debt. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
You would also see that on the balance sheet as of the 30th of September. We have cash and 
cash equivalents to the tune of Rs. 223 crores, so, eventually, our net debt of the Company as 
of the 30th of September has come down to Rs. 320 crores. 
The current ratio from March 2021 at 0.76 went up to 1.02 in March 2022, and presently as 
of the 30th of September, it is 1.36. So, on all the parameters, the balance sheet as of now is 
well strengthened and more or less deleveraged, keeping in mind the performance which we 
have done for the half year. 
On the half-yearly performance of the Company, the Company clocked a revenue of Rs. 1,466 
crores for the half-year at an operating EBITDA of Rs. 235 crores as against last year of 
revenue of Rs. 1,092 crores and Rs. 140 crores of EBITDA. There has been a 40% increase in 
the top-line, and around 70% increase in the EBITDA performance of the Company. 
There has also been an exceptional item in terms of the sale of non-core assets, which over 
the two quarters put together is Rs. 44 crores of additional income which has come in. And 
for the half-year, the interest stood at Rs. 87 crores predominantly because of that Rs. 37 
crores of a one-off item which came in Quarter 2 as a closure of the KSSF deal. 
Having said this, I would like to keep the floor open for any questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Sanjeevkumar Damani from SKD Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
How are we going to ensure the cost of energy in the coming days, in the sense that we have 
thermal power? To a written inquiry, I replied that you use only imported coal. So, do we not 
have any solar, wind, or hydro facilities to lower our cost of operation? That is my first 
question. 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
We are in the advanced stage of finalizing solar options to the extent of 6 MW, and maybe in 
two months' time, we will conclude the RE partner. And this will take around nine months to 
get commissioned. So, we are already on track to the extent possible to mitigate the impact 
of the rise in these energy costs. And also, from the other governance aspects where we have 
to also – 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, basically, as a drive to our ESG measures, we are moving into solar power. Just to answer 
your question, while during this period, our coal prices were on an elevated level, so were our 
Caustic prices as well, which is a significant consumer of our power and steam. As we see that 
this may not sustain in terms of prices, we have as a Management already engaged in 
converting into solar energy together with our ESG drive. 

 
Page 6 of 17 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
And now I was going to ask about the Dhrangadhra plant. It's a relatively old plant. So, I 
mean, and usually, I have seen that unit has not contributed much over the years as a Soda 
Ash user. So, my first question regarding Soda Ash, DCW Dhrangadhra plant is whether it is 
most efficient in today's terms of energy, and do we see any expansion coming up there, and 
how it is played as to the future of this unit because it's a very old unit, that is why I am asking 
this. 
Amitabh Gupta: 
Well, as you rightly said, it is a very old plant, and unfortunately, since we are landlocked and 
effluent disposal is an issue, we cannot increase the capacity, but all said and done, it is 
contributing steady wealth to the bottom-line of the Company. We are doing very well. And I 
am sure in a limited way it will contribute to the prosperity of this Company. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, just to add over here, last year, referring to maybe FY'22, we had some plant shutdowns 
and issues related to ramping up the plant. So, last year we had a breakeven of EBITDA. This 
year, for the first half, we have made a profit of around Rs. 27 crores from that unit, which is 
around 17% of the margin. Having said that, we feel internally that there is no capacity or 
additional capacity for Soda Ash coming  in the near future. We also anticipate an increase in 
the overall demand for Soda Ash globally. While it's an unfortunate scenario that we cannot 
expand because we are in a landlocked situation, we are well assured of the fact that the 
profits will remain firm from here on. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
And now my last question is regarding the selling price trends of Soda Ash and Caustic Soda 
and our other products that is one. And secondly, are we also exporting Caustic and Soda 
Ash? I have come to know that these days India is exporting both these products. So, kindly 
give your views on this. 
Amitabh Gupta: 
As you rightly said, India is exporting, and DCW also is exporting, one shipment of about 5000 
tonnes has gone in the first week of this month, and another shipment is planned in the first 
week of December. That is as far as Caustic is concerned. Soda Ash pricing is fairly stable; we 
have a long-term contract with big consumers like Hindustan Unilevers, Fena Detergents and 
big players like that. 
And as far as the pricing is concerned, well, whether we like it or not, the pricing is linked to 
the international prices of these products. And I think it's a reasonably good realization for 
both these products. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
I think it is lower than last Quarter. I think now the prices are going down in both cases, and 
when we are going to stabilize in PVC as to net contribution. 
Amitabh Gupta: 
You see prices, frankly speaking, the prices, which were prevailing in the last two, three 
months for Caustic Soda were a little artificial pricing, basically, because of that situation in 
Europe. A lot of products went to Europe, and even now, production in these European 

 
Page 7 of 17 
countries is pretty much down because of the high energy costs. But certainly, we cannot 
expect to continue getting the sort of prices which we got as far as Caustic is concerned. 
Regarding Soda Ash, our space to practice it is 60% of our production is already frozen with 
these big consumers. So, I don't envisage any major drop in the realizations of Soda Ash. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
As such, 2nd Quarter Soda Ash profits were lower as compared to 1st Quarter. So, I don't know 
what could have been the reason. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, I will answer that. So, in the 2nd Quarter, as you rightly pointed out, there have been 
certain pricing challenges. Our production and sales in terms of volumes are lower because of 
the rainy season; there is a seasonal factor so far as the Dhrangadhra unit is concerned. Just 
to answer your question, the prices may see some amount of blip in Quarter 2 in Soda Ash 
and may continue because China happens to be the largest manufacturer and consumer of 
Soda Ash. So, presently where, China has shut down or a lockdown for private consumption, 
with the factories operating. So, there is some amount of pricing pressure which will stay in 
the near term. But in the long term, the Soda Ash prices, according to us, will remain firm. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
One PVC is left out. Would you like to give some views on the PVC? 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
The PVC process started falling right from March, primarily on account of the China factor 
only. And the prices, which were at a historic high of 1.5 lakhs, started falling and falling. And 
I think even as we are talking today, we feel that the prices are bottomed out. And we see 
prices stabilizing in December, and from January, we expect prices to improve. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Ketan Jhaveri from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Jhaveri: 
My simple question was, Mr. Jain talked about an expansion of around Rs. 125 crores in the 
next couple of years. So, would this be through internal generation or, again, are we going to 
increase the debt? 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, first of all, we are going to do this CPVC doubling of capacity and debottlenecking of SIOP. 
And this project we expect to get commissioned somewhere in the 1st Quarter of next year, 
the work I think this is on. If you see our balance sheet for H1, as I told we have tied up Rs. 80 
crores of top-up loan, so no further funding in terms of these two CAPEX investments are 
required. 
Ketan Jhaveri: 
So, basically, more on internal generation. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, the balance, whatever will be the gap between these project cost versus what we have 
already raised, would come from an internal generation, or if you base the balance sheet of 
the 30th of September, then all future spent in these CAPEX will be from internal generation. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Ashit Kothi, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashit Kothi: 
I was just going through the presentation, and in the presentation, one of the pages where 
we are showing the process, and flow of the manufacturing of our different products, over 
there, we have mentioned shown somewhere about hydrogen. 
Amitabh Gupta: 
Yes. 
Ashit Kothi: 
So, which just gave me a kind of question as to can we get into liquid hydrogen also, green 
hydrogen also? 
Amitabh Gupta: 
You see, when we produce Caustic Soda, we get hydrogen and Chlorine. Now, if there is a 
backward and forward integration in our Synthetic Rutile plant, we use hydrochloric acid. So, 
all the hydrogen which we are getting is being consumed internally for converting Chlorine 
into hydrochloric acid. And this hydrochloric acid is used in our Synthetic Rutile plants. So, 
frankly, we have no surplus hydrogen at this stage. 
Ashit Kothi: 
So, the question or my thought process of green hydrogen or anything does not come into 
the picture here. 
Amitabh Gupta: 
It is not possible because we need hydrochloric acid to run our Synthetic Rutile plant, which is 
a very important and integral part of our overall operations. 
Ashit Kothi: 
But being basically a chemical company, I mean, does Company can move in or look towards 
green hydrogen? And is it a worthwhile proposition for the Company? 
Saatvik Jain: 
It is something that hasn't been evaluated, so it will be tough for us to answer that. 
Ashit Kothi: 
Or is it too early to comment on it? 
Saatvik Jain: 
That is what I am saying, so it's not been evaluated. Maybe a bit too early for us to comment 
on that. 
Ashit Kothi: 
Now, to put it the other way around. Suppose if Company decides to go in for green 
hydrogen. What kind of timeframe does it need to go in for manufacturing the same and to 
set up the plant or going for production so that the timeline gestation period could be two 
years or three years? 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
First, we have not looked into this angle because hydrogen, green hydrogen, which you are 
talking I think you are talking about this being used for power generation. That the first leg of 
green hydrogen to power is not yet stabilized, so for us to do a backward integration as of 

 
Page 9 of 17 
now is too premature. So, we think that we can evaluate that as and when we see the 
frontend power generation from hydrogen has materialized and become a reality. 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
I would also like to add one more point. I think the quantum of hydrogen that is being 
produced is not significant. So, I don't think at this juncture it makes any sense even for us to 
evaluate. 
Ashit Kothi: 
So, if at all one has to go, one has to go in for a total Greenfield project --? 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
Yeah, because even in other places where they are evaluating green hydrogen, it is not based 
on this process, in the hydrogenation process, the hydrogen gets liberated, but the quantity is 
not significant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Avinash Nahata from Parami Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Nahata: 
I just wanted to know, what is the consumption of CPVC in the country, let's say, for FY'22? 
And how has it grown over the last few years? So, if we ignore the COVID part of it, probably 
as compared to FY'20, how much tonnage consumption in India as of now? Thank you. 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
See. Till, COVID hit us, the CPVC demand was growing by double digits. And there was a blip 
when COVID came. And last year was not a representative year, mainly because there were a 
lot of supply chain disruptions impacting the availability of the product. So, if we took out last 
year, this year, the demand has come back to the pre-COVID levels. And to put in a very, very 
blunt term in terms of what has been the total demand for the year, I think it will be close to 
2 lakh tonnes. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So, you are saying that FY'23, if we, going by the current run rate of the first seven months, it 
should be around two lakh tonnes? 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
Yes. 
Avinash Nahata: 
And these 10,000 tonnes would come in the second half of FY'24. 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
Yeah, that is a conservative basis; I think we are in the process to fast track that, like, as 
Saatvik has told. So, as of now, we are committed to having this by the second half, the start 
of the second half of the next year. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Any other plant which is coming up to the best of your knowledge? 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
Yeah, one more producer has commenced their production, but we don't have any clear 
information on that. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Abhijit Sinha from Pi Square 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
I just wanted to get clarity on the CAPEX that you mentioned. So, the capacity will start in the 
1st Quarter of next year, or the project will start beginning in the 1st Quarter of next year. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, the project will get commissioned in the 1st Quarter and 2nd Quarter of next year. And we 
will see the revenues and benefits coming out of the project immediately from there on. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
Previously, in the last one and a half years, we have seen Caustic Soda doing quite well for us. 
In the last Quarter, we saw other products, some products from our portfolio keep doing well 
for us. In the next six months or a year and a half, where do you see our products going in 
terms of demand? 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, I think we don't see any challenge in demand so far as PVC ,now being stabilized, and 
CPVC is concerned because we operate on import substitution in this area. Soda Ash sees a 
very strong demand. So, our Caustic and SIOPs demand has only been increasing, and we are 
also tying up with additional customers to validate our product. So, from a demand point of 
view, we don't see any challenge. Maybe immediately, there could be some challenges in 
terms of demand for Caustic, but that would be maybe a quarter phenomenon, and we can 
tide over that. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
And any pricing benefits that we see from them? 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, on the pricing, we are at the peak of the pricing as of now, as far as all commodity players 
are saying. As far as PVC is concerned, that has been corrected and come to the bottom. So, 
even if you have done Rs. 235 crores of EBITDA for H1FY23, if you go to the product, you will 
see that this is despite PVC hosting an EBITDA loss of Rs. 28 crores. So, obviously, we feel that 
if the pricing pressure comes in the Caustic division, which has performed exceptionally well 
over the last year, that would obviously be offset by the PVC stabilizing now. 
Just to add more to the PVC, PVC is basically done from the key starting material, which is 
formula-driven pricing. The losses that you see in PVC are inventory carrying costs which are 
getting hit into the P&L. As the prices stabilize so, we will go out from negative EBITDA 
through our breakeven and then to positive territory. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
Do we see the prices stabilizing in the next year and a half? 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, far as PVC is concerned, we see that. We hope that the bottom has come in. So, far as 
CPVC is concerned, we don't see any major corrections coming in from here on. Soda Ash, as 
we discussed also, there is a dearth of capacity, and globally there is an expectation of 
increased demand. So, we feel that it will stay elevated. Caustic is one where we think of 

 
Page 11 of 17 
correction and as our CEO has also said that there are certain prices prevailing in the market 
because of the Europe power crises and their Caustic plants shutting down. There will be 
some corrections which will be coming in the Caustic prices going forward. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
So, how would that impact our margins? 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, the entity level margins, as I told will not have a significant bearing because while our 
Caustic division's profit will come down, our PVC obviously, as I told you, it would go up, 
thereby playing the hedge across the commodities to balance out our profits. But it will 
obviously depend on which event plays out early. Let's say China opens up early or China 
opens out late how Europe performs? So, a Quarter or 2, there can be some exceptions, but 
on a steady state basis, the pricing drop in terms of Caustic would be taken care of by the 
turnaround in the PVCs EBITDA. 
Amitabh Gupta: 
My dear friend, you see Caustic Soda and Chlorine. They travel in the reverse direction. When 
we saw very high prices of Caustic Soda, the Chlorine was negative by almost 10,000 plus. 
Now the moment Caustic prices start coming down, the Chlorine starts improving. So, of 
course, there will be impacts overall, but they will not be very significant because whatever 
we lose in Caustic Soda, part of that will be recovered in our Chlorine space. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
So, end of the day, both of them will counter each other's profitability in a way, right? 
Amitabh Gupta: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
So, what would be the most optimal situation for us as a company to optimize our margins as 
much as possible? 
Amitabh Gupta: 
When you produce Caustic Soda, you get a fixed amount. I am talking basically about the 
Caustic Soda and Chlorine scenario now. So, you produce X number of Phosphates, and then 
roughly 90% of that you get as Chlorine. So, frankly speaking, they take care of each other. 
Let me put it this way, you cannot quantify the exact number, but well, they are taking care of 
each other Caustic price is coming down, and Chlorine price is going up, so that is the case. 
Sudarshan Ganapathy 
So, typically, as sir has told, one is within the Caustic division, and the prices are inversely 
correlated so far as Caustic and Chlorine it generates. Also, what we have seen over the years 
and the history of our Company, is that Caustic prices also have an inverse correlation with 
PVC. So, if the Caustic prices come down, then obviously PVC prices will bottom out and also 
may have some increase. And hence we say at an entity level. There is a natural hedge to it. 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
And he also asked about 18 months, 24 months the more and more we consume the Chlorine 
ourselves, our impact, our exposure to the Chlorine pricing will be, to a large extent, getting 
mitigated. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
Abhijit Sinha: 
Our Specialty Chemicals are something which will help us reach the double-digit --? 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
Exactly, exactly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Neha Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Neha Sharma: 
I have two questions. So, when we say we are Chlorine, how are we currently handling 
Chlorine? Are we selling it in the open market? CPVC is one mechanism to see Chlorine post 
this expansion. How much Chlorine would be in the surplus in terms of percentage? 
Amitabh Gupta: 
As I was telling you beforehand, Chlorine as hydrochloric acid is being consumed in our 
Synthetic Rutile plant, then we have a trichloride facility which consumes about 1.5 tonnes of 
Chlorine per ton of finished products, Chlorine both in our CPVC and practically 65% to 70% 
of the Chlorine is being used in-house and only 35% of the Chlorine is marketed as liquid 
Chlorine in cylinders and as hydrochloric acid. So, as of now also, we are dependent upon the 
market vagaries only to the extent of 35% of the Chlorine which we produce. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, to answer your next question, given the CPVC project which is lined up -for the unutilized 
Chlorine we are selling in the market, 15% of that will get additionally consumed. Which will 
make the ratio 70:30 instead of 65:35, what we have. So, we have to shell out around 30% of 
our Chlorine generation also, I mean, continue to sell that into the open market. 
Neha Sharma: 
So, one more question. Is there any technical difference between the new CPVC and the 
existing CPVC plan? So, I just want to understand would the output be the same or if it would 
be different in terms --? 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
Okay, technology has no relevance to the final product, so it is immaterial. As far as we are 
concerned, we will have the same grade of CPVC that we are manufacturing. We will not have 
any new grades for this new plant because CPVC is sold typically, there are certain properties 
like Chlorine content, bulk density and everything, and we will have a product which is 
consistent with our current product in all aspects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sonu Shah, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sonu Shah: 
I have two questions. The first question is, can you let me know if there is any further land 
parcel available for sale? As we have seen in the last two quarters, we realize some gains on 
the sale of land. So, I want to know if there is any further land parcel available. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, I think no major piece, the significant amount of the land, has been sold, and it has been 
recorded as exceptional income for Quarter 1 and Quarter 2. We may have been left with a 
couple of crores to be accounted for based on its sale, which will happen in this Quarter. 

 
Page 13 of 17 
Sonu Shah: 
The second question is, I want to understand Soda Ash and Caustic Soda in detail. What is the 
current realization we are clocking in, and are we selling at market rate or any contract that 
exists that we need to honor? 
Management: 
See, like Soda Ash, practically 45% of our production is committed on a long-term basis, 
which is very healthy netbacks to us from our customers like Leopard, Fena and all these 
people. And about 50% to 55% of the product we sell on the market prices at the prevailing 
time. Similarly, with Caustic Soda, the contracts are basically on the prices linked to Northeast 
Asia prices. So, Caustic Soda, frankly speaking, there are no long-term contracts at the fixed 
prices we have depending upon the prevailing market conditions and international market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rajesh Gandhi from NJ India Invest. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Gandhi: 
My first question basically is on the CAPEX side, I think Rs. 125 crores CAPEX, especially on the 
Specialty Chemical side. Basically, virtually we are doubling our capacity on the CPVC and 
SIOP, am I right? 
Saatvik Jain: 
So, on CPVC, we are doubling the capacity on SIOP. It is like balancing CAPEX, which is pushing 
our production up from 65% to 100%. 
Rajesh Gandhi: 
So, I think initially between 2013 to 2016, we had done some Rs. 500 crores of CAPEX for 
these particular two units, and we are now spending Rs. 125 crores, in all, basically to double 
the capacity. So, am I right to assume that what we achieved in Rs. 500 crores CAPEX, we are 
achieving in another Rs. 125 crores to similar capacity? 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
No, I think there is a big difference on this --. So, as of now, this is basically a brownfield 
project where the utilities and everything are put into place on SIOP. And if you see, the rated 
capacity of SIOP is what we want to achieve by doing the line balancing CAPEX. To answer 
your CPVC Capex, CPVC also requires not only the lines but also the utilities needed to be set 
up. Today the utilities are in place, we are only putting the line only to produce it. So, 
obviously, your incremental CAPEX would be much lower than what we had invested two, 
three years back or five years back. 
Rajesh Gandhi: 
Second thing, this interest. No doubt you have explained already why the interest component 
is around Rs. 35 crores higher compared to the previous Quarter, but it still mathematically 
doesn't tally because, in the June quarter, we paid some Rs. 25 crores interest and in 
September, the interest portion of Rs. 61 crores. You mentioned that for OCD, we pay extra 
Rs. 3 crores, and on the NCD side, we pay extra Rs. 10 crores. Still, Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 60 
crores doesn't tally, so is there anything I am missing? 

 
Page 14 of 17 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, I will explain. We have explained it in greater detail in the investor deck as well, but I will 
take this opportunity to explain again. So, our interest for last Quarter was Rs. 26 crores, and 
this Quarter it is Rs. 62 crores. So, there is an increase of Rs. 37 crores, all of it is one time. 
Just for the interest of reiterating, there is an Rs. 3.5 crores of OCD redemption premium 
which was incurred in this Quarter, came as a one-time. The pre-closure charge, which is Rs. 
9.5 crores, which I just mentioned here, which came as a one-time. 
Now, in 2021, when we took the NCD of Rs. 350 crores that time we had some challenging, 
stressful financial situations. We had to incur a 5% issue cost on that, which was actually paid 
at that point in time. That was around Rs. 17.5 crores on the NCD. Now, this had to be 
amortized over the period of the tenure of the NCD, which originally was six years. Now, we 
have closed this in one and a half years. So, the unamortized portion is Rs. 14 crores, which is 
non-cash hit in the P&L as per part of the closure. So, that's another Rs. 14 crores. 
And finally, when we closed the NCD, now, we had paid Rs. 29 crores of NCD redemption 
premium out of the Company's accruals. As per the amortization table bases, the term sheet, 
and the repayment schedules in six years tenure, we had for this one-and-a-half-year period, 
provided Rs. 19 crores of redemption premium in the books, the balance Rs. 10 crores had to 
come as a hit as we have closed the NCD. So, if you add up all of these, this will total up to Rs. 
37.5 crores. 
I think there are a lot of questions on the investor's front on and apprehensions about the 
interest. I would like to take this opportunity also to tell you that our H2 interest would be 
something around Rs. 35 crores to Rs. 36 crores. We will end this year, even after this interest 
cost which has come and hit us in Quarter 2, at around Rs. 125 crores to Rs. 127 crores. From 
next year the interest will come down to as low as Rs. 65 crores. 
 
Rajesh Gandhi: 
This Rs. 125 crores CAPEX, I mean asset turnover, what one can expect, meaning is it one-
time, more than one time, two times because of the incremental cost, because it is not a 
greenfield expansion, it's a brownfield expansion. So, definitely, asset turnover may be 
higher. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, I think, as Saatvik has said, that if you see our CAPEX expenditure which we are telling as 
Rs. 125 crores to Rs. 130 crores, we are anticipating EBITDA from both these to a tune of Rs. 
60 crores. So, roughly a payback to this project is around two years. 
Rajesh Gandhi: 
My last question basically is, as you mentioned, that as of September, we are sitting around 
Rs. 220 crores of cash or cash equivalent in our balance sheet. This is assuming that Rs. 100 
crores of depreciation in all basically and assume another Rs. 100 crores as a profit. So, the 
ballpark figure maybe Rs. 200 crores of type of cash profit plus Rs. 220 crores of already cash 

 
Page 15 of 17 
what we are sitting. So, why we require to restructure the debt or maybe --; I mean, we can 
easily bring down our debt. And virtually all the CAPEX required, maybe we can do it through 
the internal accruals. So, when we expect our Company to be a debt-free company in the 
near future? 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, just to answer your question, I think you are right that our cash and cash equivalents have 
been Rs. 223 crores, of which Rs. 80 crores of top-up loan has come exactly on the 30th of 
September. The date of refinancing, the top-up all happened on the last day of the Quarter. 
Now that Rs. 80 crores which we say are cash and cash equivalent, obviously, we will spend 
into the CAPEX. So, we have to fund that Rs. 125 crores of CAPEX, part of it maybe some 
amount has been repaid, but roughly the lion's share of that Rs. 125 crores has to go out from 
the internal accruals here from. 
So, you can consider the Rs. 223 crores will come down to Rs. 100 crores let's say the Rs. 123 
crores paid off for the CAPEX. Rs. 100 crores which are available for the Company's 
operations of which Rs. 70 crore is basically either the margin money for the FOREX coverage 
and the working capital plus LC  , the DSRA we have created for the TL loan we have taken. 
So, for the working capital, we have only kept free cash of Rs. 30 crores. So, it's not huge in 
terms of the way it is seen. So, if I have to break it down again, Rs. 223 crores, Rs. 125 crores 
is the CAPEX spend which has been lined up for the future quarters that leaves with Rs. 100 
crores of operational cash, of which Rs. 71 crores is the DSRA and the LC and the FOREX 
margin money, which we have kept, which is unutilized. We have free usable money to the 
tune of Rs. 30 crores. And as we go from here to our future quarters, we will also accumulate 
some amount of profits into cash. And that is the time when we will think about whether we 
want to pay off the debt. 
Having said all of this, I would like to take this opportunity to say that our debt now is at a 
manageable level, rather net debt to our EBITDA would be below one going forward. That is 
the Company's Management's mandate. So, after  any debt we repay as a normal scheduled 
payment, we are not, as of now, willing to further pay off the cash in the balance sheet for 
repaying the debt. Rather, we will try and look into opportunities for growth which will give 
us more return than just knocking off a 9.5% to 10% debt on the books. 
Since the finance cost has gone down to sub 10% overall, I think that it's time where the 
Company should push the CAPEX growth will give more returns on the capital rather than 
paying off 10% gross debt. 
Rajesh Gandhi: 
But our understanding is very much clear, incremental whatever CAPEX we are forcing for the 
next couple of years is purely on the Specialty Chemical segment, not on the commodity 
chemical side, am I right? 

 
Page 16 of 17 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
Yes, I think that's what we are focusing on. 
Rajesh Gandhi: 
Because in the commodity cycle over a period of what we have seen that I mean, out of the 
Caustic Soda, Soda Ash for PVC, at least at any point of time, one sector gives us the pain 
another two sectors is performing well. So, it's a cycle, and I mean, if our thought process is 
clear that incremental CAPEX is purely on the Specialty Chemical side, I think it's a good 
strategy. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
I think, just, to reiterate, will take you back to Mr. Saatvik Jain's opening remarks. So, we 
would stay into the commodity business, the three commodities which we have, I mean, we 
are historically into; we will reap the benefits of every commodity cycle whenever it comes in. 
And our future growth would be in the Specialty segments, thereby strengthening our 
EBITDA. We are not focusing on the top line as Management; we are focusing on increasing 
the bottom line of the Company. And hence we would look for opportunities in the Specialty 
segment and stay in the commodity business that we have. 
So, presently our share of speciality in the EBITDA for the year gone by would be around 25%. 
On a five-year horizon, we presume, and our endeavor is to take it to 55% to 60% in the 
bottom line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vipul Sanghvi from Systematix. Please 
go ahead. 
Vipul Sanghvi: 
My questions are largely answered, but I just want to dig a bit deeper into the trajectory that 
you outlined that from 25% of profits to 55% to 60% of profits in the next five years. So, if you 
can give us some sense of the strategy that you are going to implement in terms of the 
selection of products, what kind of return profiles these products will have, what kind of 
chemistry you are targeting, if you can highlight, bit elaborate on this that would be a great 
help. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
So, just to add on again what Mr. Saatvik Jain would have said, our first step is the low-
hanging fruit in terms of doubling our capacity in CPVC. So, the next trigger for our 
subsequent growth, obviously, is also available, with could again be doubling our capacity 
from there on. We have to evaluate that. There is also an angle of Chlorine surplus which we 
need to mitigate in terms of having our growth CAPEX product selection. There's a whole host 
of strategy and R&D team who is working on this subject. And thereafter is when we may go 
into some related chemistry, which is not Chlorine dependent. Having said that, I would only 
ask Saatvik to add something more to this and the business. 
Saatvik Jain: 
So, I think that's pretty much covered Pradipto -- 

 
Page 17 of 17 
Sudarshan Ganapathy: 
I would only like to add that we are focusing on products which are giving healthier EBITDA 
margins and not run-of-the-mill products that are being produced with Chlorine. So, we are 
committed and focused on adding products which will definitely add significant reasonable 
EBITDA margins, not for the sake of consuming the Chlorine. We are also on the lookout for 
adding products in the line of our chemistry, which may not be Chlorine related, but which 
will be again a speciality and first of its kind in the country. 
Saatvik Jain: 
The whole thought process of the Management is to consolidate the bottom line now and 
strengthen the bottom line and grow that going forward. So, the whole thought process is 
stemming out from there. 
Vipul Sanghvi: 
And the second question is about the promoter's stake in the Company. It is hovering around 
45% odd. Any thoughts on the buyback or getting to 51% any deliberation at the 
management level here? 
Saatvik Jain: 
No specific thoughts at this point in time. Maybe in due course, when required, or the 
Company requires some equity at that point in time, it could be deliberated. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I will now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Saatvik Jain for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Saatvik Jain: 
So, I once again would like to thank everybody who has taken time out to join us this evening 
and hear us out. I hope we were able to clarify and answer the questions and the doubts that 
everyone has had. If anything has remained unanswered, I request you to direct the 
questions to our team at Dickenson. And hopefully, we will be able to clarify that going 
forward. I am looking forward to such interactions in the near future. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DCW Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
