December 02, 2022
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Corporate Relation Dept.
“Exchange Plaza”
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400001.
Mumbai - 400051.
Scrip Code: 532859
Symbol: HGS
Dear Sirs/Madam,
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on November 28, 2022 
This is in continuation to Q2 & H1FY2023 Earnings Call of Hinduja Global Solutions Ltd. held 
on November 28, 2022. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), 
Regulations 2015, we wish to attach herewith the transcript of Q2 & H1FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call of the Company held on November 28, 2022. 
The transcript can also be accessed using: https://www.teamhgs.com/investors 
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully, 
For Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
Narendra Singh
Company Secretary
Encl : a/a.
Narend
ra 
Singh
Digitally signed 
by Narendra 
Singh 
Date: 
2022.12.02 
19:37:15 +05'30'

                           
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited  
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 28, 2022 
 
Key Speakers: 
 
Mr Partha DeSarkar, Executive Director and Group CEO, HGS 
 
Mr Vynsley Fernandes, Whole-time Director, HGS 
 
Mr Srinivas Palakodeti, Global CFO, HGS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator:  
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to the   
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited Q2 & H1 FY23 earnings conference 
call. From the senior management we have with us today, Mr. Partha 
DeSarkar - Executive Director , Mr. Vynsley Fernandes - Whole-time Di-
rector and Group CEO, Mr. Srinivas Palakodeti - Global CFO. . As a re-
minder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rushabh Shah from Adfactors PR Investor rela-
tions team. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Thank you, Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to the Q2 & 
H1 FY23 Results Conference Call of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited. 
We are joined by Mr. Partha DeSarkar - Executive Director and Group 
CEO, Mr. Vynsley Fernandes - Whole-time Director and Mr. Srinivas Pa-
lakodeti - Global CFO  to discuss the Q2 & H1 FY23 results and the key 
developments during the period. 
Before we begin the conference call, I would like to mention that some 
of the statements made in today's conference call may be forward look-
ing in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties including those 
related to the future financial and operating performances, benefits 
and synergies of the company's strategies, future opportunities and 
growth of the market of the company's services and solutions. 
I would further like to mention that if there is a call drop during the 
course of the conference call, please bear with the management. Thank 
you and over to you, Partha sir. 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Partha DeSarkar:  
Thank you Rushabh and a very good evening to all of you who have 
taken the time to join us for the call. At the very outset, I would like to 
invite Vynsley Fernandes who is joining us in the earnings call for the 
first time,  post merger of NXTDIGITAL’s Digital Media business. I will 
be referring to a presentation which I believe has been uploaded on our 
website that talks about our earnings call.  
If you go to slide 3, that lays down the future vision and road map for 
HGS as a different kind of a company, which is a technology and digital 
led customer experience transformation company. It talks about a rev-
olution over the last two decades from being a pure labor arbitrage 
provider to somebody who brings in technology and add value. So 
there are five distinct pillars that would lead our transformation. We 
would be broadening our journey in the digital marketing piece. We've 
always been strong in process management and technology. We are 
bringing in capabilities, data, and analytics, ecommerce payments and 
all of that. So all these 5 pillars will drive our journey into a digital-led 
customer experience transformation company. This is the future of 
HGS and we are building components of it and strengthening other 
components, which are already traditionally present.  
If you go to the next slide, I want to give you a quick update on the 
NXTDIGITAL media business and the buyback plan. The Honorable  
NCLT order for the merger of NXTDIGITAL Limited’s (NDL) media busi-
ness into HGS was received on November 11, 2022. 1.0689 crore shares 
were allotted to NDL shareholders on November 25, 2022. New shares 
allotted are expected to be listed by December 6, 2022. The share cap-
ital of HGS has increased from Rs. 41.79 crore to Rs. 52.48 crore as a 
result of this exercise. The NDL shareholders would own 20.4% of the 
shares of HGS and the promoters holding in HGS would drop from 
67.13% to 66.63% after this.  

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
Another update, on the eagerly awaited buyback plan (which was an-
nounced in January 2022) is that we are coming very close to it. This 
will be taken up after the completion of the listing of the shares to  NDL 
shareholders and the amount determined for the buyback is around Rs. 
1,050 crore. The reason I'm talking about this in approximate numbers 
is because this will be done post a complete audit of the combined bal-
ance sheets of the company. So that is a fairly important update on a 
matter of interest to all of you on this call.  
Today, as I welcome Vynsley into the call, we are a combined entity. I'm 
on Slide 5, HGS and NXTDIGITAL together, bringing in technology for 
the future technology of connectivity, technology of process improve-
ment, automation analytics and artificial intelligence. Slide 6 talks 
about the key brands, which become a part of HGS – INDigital, ONEOTT 
Intertainment, IN Entertainment and NXTDIGITAL. The merger boosts 
HGS’ presence in India, adding about 1,200 people of the NXTDIGITAL 
team and India-originated revenue. We suddenly have a massive reach 
all over the country with 1,500 cities coming into the network. As a 
franchisee base, we have 10,000 franchises who are part of the family 
now and digital services partners who are delivering digital services to 
more than 5 million customers. So this is a transformative leap for HGS 
as a company.  
What are the strategies and what are the opportunities here? Sheer 
opportunities to participate in the Government’s Digital India initiative. 
As you all know, COVID has accelerated work from home and there are 
changing trends in digital content consumption. The possibilities are re-
ally limitless. We have to make India digital, not just the Tier 1 cities 
which already have very good infrastructure, but we need to be able to 
connect the hinterland of India. Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities have huge num-
ber of consumers, but they do not really have the digital access that 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
enables them and that is what this aims to do. We will create a global 
telecom and media ecosystem to serve B2B and B2C segments.  
As you all know that even before the merger, technology and telecom 
was a large part of our global footprint and our attempt would be to 
take some of the things that we acquired as a part of this merger to our 
global clients going forward. I am now going to hand over to Vyns to 
take you through the digital media business and it's Q2 highlights be-
fore I come back again to give you the highlights of the combined busi-
ness.  
Vynsley Fernandes: Thank you Partha and on behalf of all of us at NXTDIGITAL, a big thank 
you to the HGS family for being so welcoming. I think there's nothing 
but exciting times ahead and we all look forward to that under the guid-
ance of the team, so without further ado. Partha has been able to talk 
about the brands, but if you look at Slide 9, just a recap for the benefit 
of everyone. There are four key brands that are there in the business.  
We have India’s only Headend In The Sky platform, called NXTDIGITAL 
HITS. This platform, in fact, is one of the few platforms in the country 
to be able to have a spread of over 4,500 pin codes; today we are in 
Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Lakshadweep, proudly serving in Aruna-
chal Pradesh, on the borders in Ladakh, Wagah border, Jammu and 
Kashmir etc. So there's a lot of pride in the brand as well.  
Our broadband business, “One OTT Entertainment” is one of India's top 
4 private ISPs, we've crossed over a million customers. Today, our pres-
ence has expanded to over 150  cities and towns, and we provide 
speeds of about 1,000 MBPS, which is 1 GBPS fiber connectivity 
through our flagship brand, “One Giga Fiber”. We also have a digital 
cable business that we have nurtured ever since several decades actu-

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
ally and the reason why we continue to nurture it is that there is a back-
bone of over 10,000 kilometers of hybrid fiber optic network; so we 
look to leverage that and continuously monetize that for rolling out a 
whole bunch of solutions under the Digital India initiative.  
We also have “IN Entertainment Limited”, it effectively works a lot on 
content syndication and teleshopping. And if you look at the map to 
the right of it, that just gives you a sense of the incredible presence that 
NXTDIGITAL and the brands have been able to achieve. Rather than fo-
cus too much on NXTDIGITAL as the background, I thought it important 
to share some developments in Q2 . 
One of the things on slide 10 is that we have very proudly launched 
India’s first convergence product. Everyone talks about convergence. 
Everyone talks about how the importance of convergence is going for-
ward, especially during work from home and after. We are the first to 
launch it during Diwali; it's an incredible product which has six products 
attached to the solution - starting with ~650 digital television channels, 
1,000 MBPS of broadband connectivity, access to the best interna-
tional/ national/ regional OTT content of over 300,000 hours… we also 
have a voice over IP solution linked to it (the intercom solution) and 
built-in Wi-Fi and bespoke TV solutions. As you would understand and 
appreciate, all these digital products require a very strong customer ex-
perience and customer backbone as well as obviously analytics and a 
whole bunch of automation is involved here. That’s what gives us the 
edge by virtue of being a part of TeamHGS. So the backbone is com-
plete for us. 
We started this service in Mumbai (Phase 1) and we're looking to ex-
tend this to the other key cities in early 2023. It's important to note that 
it's not just a product or solution that we've launched, we're also mak-
ing every effort to improve the skill sets of the franchisees.  

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
We've got over 10,000 franchisees as Partha pointed out and about 
40,000 feet on the street. So the idea is to train them on products and 
solutions for the future. And we've launched this campaign called NXT 
Sangram, where we're training operators across the country to meta-
morphosize into digital solutions or digital service providers to offer all 
these offerings. So that is already started, that was one aspect.  
I think the best part about what we've just done is on slide 11. We are 
the first broadband over satellite commercial operator in the country. 
In terms of bundled solutions, we partnered with “Tata Studi” for Edu-
cation and “Jadoos” for digital direct cinema. Now if you look at the top 
five technology trends for the next decade, one of the top three is 
broadband over satellite. As you all know, there are so many companies 
globally who are looking to launch broadband over satellite and clearly 
India is a very important market and as NXTDIGITAL, we're very de-
lighted that we've been able to launch a product called “NXT SKyFi”. It's 
not just a retail model but also a very innovative enterprise model 
where if you look at the photograph on slide 11, it's incredible that 
we've started a hybrid model of education using a cinema in the day-
time for classes, and then using the cinema for direct digital cinema 
experience in the evening. So this is something that we're very proud 
about and the best part is, given our franchisee network in our entire 
base, we're able to not just sell but also service and support any kind of 
requirements across this vast country of ours. We've already launched 
in Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh and in Pulwama, Jammu and Kashmir. 
We chose these two locations specifically because they have poor con-
nectivity and the solution is already working beautifully there.  
We're also very proud that on the enterprise side, which is where the 
industry will see significant growth, we've already been able to sign up 
a solar farm in Ahmednagar recently, and we're providing 24*7 remote 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
sensor management there. So this is something that we believe will be 
the future for the country and again, as Partha pointed out, the part of 
the Digital India initiative of how to bring digitalization and digital in-
clusion to every single citizen across the country, and one of the key 
drivers is connectivity and when you use broadband over satellite, 
there is no constraint on connectivity because irrespective of where 
you are, a satellite will always reach you. So we're very proud to have 
launched that.  
I'll move on to slide 12. This is a reflection of the strength and the sta-
bility of the media business if you look at it and I'm sure that a lot of 
you will know the challenging trends that the industry is facing in par-
ticular the media and entertainment industry. Yet NXTDIGITAL’s digital 
media business has been able to hold its base strongly. In fact, we've 
seen a marginal growth against quarter of last year. If you look the sub-
scriber base of video, it has grown to about 4.18 million, but I think the 
most exciting thing for us has been the continuous push on broadband, 
where we've been able to grow up broadband subscriber base to 1.15 
million, making us the 4th largest private ISP in the country today. The 
90 day Net Churn, which we believe is a very important barometer of 
the strength of a company, we've been able to control it much better 
than last year, which is reflected in the 1.9% 90 day net churn that we 
had and the same month renewal again, which is when customers re-
new their subscription. Whether it be video broadband, this is of course 
in the case of video, we've been able to hold at 90.16. That means 9 
customers out of every 10 renew their subscription in the same month 
and don't wait for any lag time to renew, so this is a wonderful aspect.  
Thank you again, on behalf of NXTDIGITAL for hearing me out patiently 
and thank you Partha for the opportunity for all of us to be a part of 
TeamHGS. With that Partha, I'm going to hand back over to you.  

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Partha DeSarkar:  
Thank you. So with this exciting story that Vynsley laid out for us, you 
will be convinced that the future of HGS is all digital. In slide 14, for the 
first time in Q2, we are going to report the combined results of HGS’ 
BPM and digital media businesses. We had a strong solid revenue 
growth of 25% Y-o-Y, a 34.4% revenue growth in the core BPM busi-
ness, while Consolidated net profit was Rs. 238.9 crore, up by 118.1%. 
We announced the second interim dividend of Rs. 5 per share to our 
shareholders. The dividend outgo would be to the tune of Rs. 26.2 
crore. The BPM business added two new delivery hubs, one in Mysore, 
India and another one in Belfast, the UK. The digital media business 
launched its 100th owned and operated NXTHUB, this continues to be 
the growth driver for broadband digital television and OTT solutions.  
We move to slide 15 which gives key highlights of financial perfor-
mance. Q2 Revenues for the BPM business was Rs. 1,102.9 crore. 
EBITDA was Rs. 224.7 crore and PBT was Rs. 170.2 crore, this is impres-
sive growth in all these three reported numbers. The EBITDA here in-
cludes the other income part of the business as well. Now speaking of 
the overall combined financials with the digital media business, then 
we've got Rs. 1,369 crore of revenues at 25% growth that I spoke about. 
An EBITDA of Rs. 276.5 crore, a 135.6% growth, a PBT of Rs. 123.4 crore 
and PAT which is reported in two formats – PAT of our continuing op-
erations of Rs. 192.3 crore and PAT overall of Rs. 239 crore, which has 
grown by 118.1% that I mentioned in the headline numbers.  
You go to slide 17, this is for H1 FY23. Revenues for the BPM business 
were Rs. 2,147.4 crore, a 30.3% growth, Rs. 395.6 crore in EBITDA, 
which is 179% growth, and Rs. 288.4 crore in PBT, which is 1,423.1% 
growth. So all these numbers are for HGS’ retained business comprising 
the digital enabled customer experience solutions and HRO payroll 
businesses. If I combine that with the digital media business (that's in 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
slide 18), revenues were Rs. 2,690.3 crore, a 23% growth over H1 FY22, 
while EBITDA was Rs. 499.6 crore, a 104.2% growth over last year. PBT 
was Rs. 200.3 and PAT for continuing operations of Rs. 227 crore and 
an overall PAT of Rs. 273.2, a 35.6% growth compared to H1 FY22.  
Overall performance in the CES business is strong; onshore US, Canada 
and the UK saw steady growth. We added about 854 employees in the 
UK in Q2. India, Philippines and Jamaica showed very strong growth and 
thankfully this is our higher margin offshore businesses, especially from 
existing customers. I talked about 2 new centers. We are also rational-
izing our real estate footprint and closed down four centers in Canada, 
which are not being used because most people are working from home. 
I'm also encouraged to share with you that we started up a small center 
in Colombia in a city called Barranquilla. This is going to be our ninth 
country that we have started operations in and is meant for near shore 
operations for North American clients. Diversify, our Australian unit, 
continues to do well and has won 9 new logos since April 2022.  
Digital Solutions business continues its strong momentum. Its revenue 
grew by 63% year on year. Cloud security and digital experience prac-
tices have expanded significantly. In September quarter, we signed 28 
digital-led engagements across existing and new clients and the pipe-
line looks healthy. The most exciting thing is that our proprietary CX 
transformation platform “HGS Agent X” has been rolled out. It’s an AI-
powered cloud contact software and it's witnessing interest from sev-
eral clients as we speak.  
We've seen a good performance in H1 and are cautiously optimistic for 
H2. There are some headwinds in certain segments like the UK public 
sector. The demand for offshoring business is very strong, which is en-

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
couraging. We are continuing our efforts in improving margins, focus-
ing on winning new clients through an integrated strategy, which is Dig-
ital and traditional brick and mortar businesses together.  
We continue to explore acquisitions, starting with digital capabilities 
and geographic expansion. In the digital media business, our aim is to 
integrate and drive synergies through people, technology and domain. 
We are scheduled to roll out NXTPLAY, a content aggregator app 
shortly, providing access to international and regional content. With 
this, I'm going to hand over to Pala for the financial update.  
Srinivas Palakodeti: Thank you Partha. I'm on slide 23. This is the performance of HGS plus 
Digital media business. On a year on year growth in dollar terms, reve-
nues are up by about 15.3%. In INR terms, revenue from operations is 
up 9.5% and total revenue is up overall 25%. On a year on year basis, 
EBITDA is up 135.6%. If you look at the depreciation and amortization 
line, those have seen sharp increase primarily because of NDL as well 
as the addition of the business from NXTDIGITAL. Interest expenses has 
seen a reduction and there is a significant portion of interest which is 
linked to NDL.  
At a PBT level for the Q2 FY22, there was a loss of Rs. 32.4 crore after 
factoring in an account exceptional item of Rs. 24.8 crore; in Q2 FY23, 
the profits which we have reported is Rs. 123.4 crore. Under Tax, there 
is a negative line of Rs. 68.9 crore… this is primarily because we have 
reassessed the tax of HGS plus NXTDIGITAL media business and we 
have reversed Rs. 92.76 crore pertaining to tax of the previous year, 
leaving us Rs. 192.3 crores as profit from the continuing operations as 
compared to a loss of Rs. 18.6 crore.  
In addition to that, we have profit after tax from the discontinued op-
erations. As you know, we sold off the healthcare business. There were 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
some working capital adjustments that crystallized during the quarter 
ended September 22. In addition to that, there were some excess tax 
provisions relating to the healthcare business, which have been trued 
up. So there is a tax reversal, giving us a net Rs. 46.7 crore as profit from 
discontinued operations. Leaving a total PAT of Rs. 239 crore.  
Moving to slide 24, this is the view of H1 FY23 – revenues are up by 
about 14.9% in dollar terms. In rupee terms, revenues are up by about 
23%. EBITDA is significantly higher at about 104% (little more than dou-
ble). Depreciation has seen an increase, whereas on interest expenses, 
there is a reduction of about Rs. 4 crore at a PBT level.  
We have PBT of Rs. 200.3 crore compared to a loss of Rs. 54 crore in 
the first half of the previous financial year. PAT from continuing opera-
tions, after taking into account the tax going up, comes to Rs. 227 crore 
as compared to a loss of Rs. 36.4 crore and PAT from discontinued op-
erations as I covered earlier comes to Rs. 46.2 crore in H1 FY23. So the 
overall level profit after tax payment for H1 FY23 is Rs. 273.2 crore as 
compared to a profit after tax of Rs. 201.5 crore in H1 FY22.  
Moving on to slide 25, this is on the balance sheet. It continues to be 
strong and includes the acquired digital media business. The sharehold-
ers’ funds stand at over Rs. 8,600 crore. Book value per share is Rs. 
1,639. Current price is roughly about Rs. 1,253.5 per share. We have 
declared second interim dividend of Rs. 5 per share; At the overall gross 
debt level, we have Rs. 638.5 crore… this has come primarily from the 
NDL India business, and we have total cash and cash equivalents of 
about Rs. 2,311 crore, leaving net cash of Rs. 1,672.5 crore.  
Moving on to slide 26, we have debt of Rs. 639 crore, treasury surplus 
in the form of short term loans given that comes to Rs. 2,575 crore,  
cash and cash equivalents as I mentioned on the earlier slide of about 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Rs. 2,311 crores, and we have debt investments of about Rs. 2,645 
crore. Moving on up to the CAPEX numbers, the numbers for FY22 also 
includes the CAPEX for the healthcare business, whereas the CAPEX for 
H1FY23 includes the CAPEX incurred for the digital media business, 
which has come down in terms of CAPEX from Rs. 237 crore to Rs. 97 
crore. In terms of DSO days, there is a small increase. FY22 again is in-
clusive of the healthcare business at 60 days, which has gone up slightly 
to 64 days at the end of September (excludes healthcare).  
Moving on to slide 28, it's basically the split of the revenues – about 
67% or Rs. 922.3 crore comes from the BPM business, about Rs. 245.2 
crore (18%) comes from the digital media business and about Rs 201.4 
crore (15%) from the other income. Moving on to slide 29, here you 
would see significant changes compared to the way we have reported 
numbers earlier. This includes revenues from the India business where 
the origination and the delivery all happened in India. So if we look at 
Q1, the India business would have been somewhere in the range of 
about 12% to 13% that has gone to about 28% in terms of origination, 
and about 31% in terms of delivery. In terms of other geographies, UK 
is about 18% by location and 22% by origination. Canada is in the range 
of 13% to 14% both by delivery and location and US we have 31% rev-
enue by origination and about 24% in terms of delivery. Jamaica is 
about 5% in terms of our delivery location.  
Moving on to slide 30, this is the revenue split by vertical, and again this 
includes the revenue which have come from the digital media business. 
If you look at our Q1 numbers, the media and entertainment business 
was about 13%. Now with the NXTDIGITAL digital media business, it 
comes to about 32%. So that's the big change you would see compared 
to what we have reported in the previous quarters and if you add what 
Partha has mentioned in terms of technology and telecom (, those will 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
account for roughly about 43% of our revenue. Banking and financials 
is 15%, consumer retail is also at 15%, while others at 28% include rev-
enues from public sector clients, primarily in the UK and Canada.  
As Vyns mentioned, the digital media business has 4 million plus of the 
digital video customers and 1 million plus broadband customers. So this 
chart is primarily on the BPM business since we can't factor those into 
the revenue profile. So from our client concentration perspective, the 
top client accounts for about close to 10%, top five at 38% and top 10 
at about 58%. From a delivery channel mix perspective again, this is for 
the BPM business… voice accounts for about 73%, digital has been 
growing rapidly and is now at 14%, and it's actually now marginally 
higher than the non-voice business of about 13%.  
Moving on to slide 32, this is the stock price as on Friday (25th Nov 
2022)… it was Rs. 1,253 compared to the CNX IT, which has dropped 
about 18.6%. The share price of HGS has dropped by 8.6%. This does 
factor in the 1:1 bonus as ,  the HGS share has been quoting ex-bonus 
since February  2022.Whereas the NIFTY 50 share price has gone up 
there was 1.7% over the last 12 months. With this, I will conclude our 
presentation and we will now open up the floor for question and an-
swers. Thank you everyone.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer ses-
sion. The first question is from the line of Jyothi Singh from Arihant Cap-
ital Markets. Please go ahead.  
Jyothi Singh: 
My question is I need some clarity on the BPM business, what’s the 
organic growth, and second question is about the tax - Are those tax 
write backs because of media business because as per the result, it 
seems like acquisition was made just to get the tax set-off.  

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Partha DeSarkar:  
First part of the question is I think I answered in slide 15, so Jyothi, have 
we looked at slide 15? The revenue growth is shown to be 34.4%. That's 
the pure BPM business. The second part of your question was on tax 
write back. So if you could repeat the question, Pala can answer that 
for you. 
Jyothi Singh: 
Are those Tax write back because of media business? Because as per 
this result, it seems like acquisition was made just to get the tax set-
off.  
Srinivas Palakodeti: So we did cover in the earlier slide-s the rationale for the transaction.  
Why we have now rolled up the digital media business under HGS is 
because of the synergies and the ability to participate in the entire dig-
ital initiative in India, and also to give a better customer experience to 
the media customers. So that was the primary reason for the transac-
tion.  
There are always synergies which come out of a transaction on the 
costs and  operational efficiency. There are maybe having some tax re-
versals, but some of the tax reversals have also come in relating to the 
health care business which we sold off, 
The purpose of this transaction is to take part in the entire Digital India 
initiative and also leverage on the customer experience, which we bring 
to the table.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ritvik Rai from 
Star Invest Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ritvik Rai: 
Couple of questions. Earlier in the previous quarters, HGS was uncer-
tain to guide with the future growth outlook. Now with this integration 
and with this acquisition, could you assist us with some guidance in 
terms of business growth and future outlook.  

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Partha DeSarkar:  
If you go to slide 17, you will see that our revenues have grown from 
last year from Rs. 1,648.4 crore to Rs. 2,147.4 crore, that's a 30.3% 
growth in revenues. Part of it has been accomplished because in the 
last half year, we did not have the Diversify business. The Diversify busi-
ness in Australia came in only in the 2nd half of the year but this is the 
kind of revenue growth that has been clocked by the company in the 
first half of the year. So when you ask me for growth outlook, we have 
again tried to answer that in slide 21. Our first half of the year has been 
quite good and we're cautiously optimistic for H2. But there is one 
headwind that I wanted to just highlight to people. The UK public sector 
was a big part of our growth story last year, we are facing now some 
headwinds there, so these are the two qualifiers that I will have for our 
growth outlook. The offshore business is growing very strong, and 
we're deliberately focused on that business because that is the busi-
ness that comes in with improved margins. We've tried to rationalize in 
onshore because there everybody is working from home. We were 
stuck with a lot of real estate that we did not need. So we have been 
getting rid of those real estate to the extent that our leasers allow us 
and the digital business (if you look at Slide 20), revenue grew by about 
63% year on year. So this is the kind of outlook that I will be able to give 
you.  
Ritvik Rai: 
Fair enough sir, and the next question would be which is the company 
or what kind of company is the management planning to acquire next, 
and how will NXTDIGITAL help overall with the plan of utilization.  
Partha DeSarkar:  
So the second part of the question I will allow Vyns to answer. What 
kind of acquisition targets I'm looking at? I told you that we are trying 
to be a digital experience company which is technology led. If you look 
at the history of evolution of the BPM business in India, we were 
providing people support either for call center services or back office 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
services. That's been the history for the last two decades. Now, we have 
increasingly been bringing in technology. So some of our targets this 
year are going to be laid around increasing our digital capabilities in the 
data and analytics space and even in the public sector space, we have 
looked at some targets. So that's going to be the focus, that answers 
the first part of your question. The second part of the question is an-
swered in slide seven where we tried to explain the synergies and the 
opportunity that the digital media business brings in. But if you want 
Vyns to speak through it, then over to you Vyns.  
Vynsley Fernandes: Thank you very much for the question. To add to what Partha just men-
tioned, if you look at the kind of digital space that we are in, there's a 
tremendous amount of data required, a tremendous amount of analyt-
ics, and all of it is kind of boiling down to a very strong digital customer 
experience. So when you look at, for example ONEDigital, which is a 
convergence product. I'll just take one example so that will give you a 
sense. Imagine rolling out public Wi-Fi where you need to build a data-
base of connectivity, usage patterns, customer experience, customer 
usage pattern and keeping on changing your package. You need a very 
strong digital customer experience back end to be able to support it as 
well as an entire lifecycle management. The same thing applies in the 
case of NXTSkyFi, which is broadband over satellite, with people in mul-
tiple places using different kinds of connectivity. It is not all B2C, it's 
also B2B2C, which therefore makes the back end process and the CX 
process even more challenging. This gets sorted obviously by the signif-
icant expertise of HGS to be able to support that growth and in those 
verticals. I hope that answers your question.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ridham Desai from M 
square capital, please go ahead.  

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Ridham Desai: 
So I was just going to the balance sheet of NXTDIGITAL. I think they 
announced the results in October and if I look at the balance sheet, the 
debt part is around Rs. 800 crore, both short term and long term. And 
in the presentation that shows consolidated figures, it's around 639 
crore. I just wanted to understand how the debt part has been treated 
in the consolidated balance sheet.  
Partha DeSarkar:  
OK, so to clarify…  what we have acquired from NDL in the process is 
not the complete NXTDIGITAL Limited. We have only acquired the dig-
ital media business of NXTDIGITAL Limited. So NDL, as the entity re-
mains, they have some real estate, etc. So those aspects remain with 
this rest of the business.  I think it's difficult to do a strict comparison 
between the two because it's not like to like the case where you're just 
adding two balance sheets together.  
Ridham Desai: 
So you say that you have just acquired the business part of its digital 
media business.  
Partha DeSarkar:  
Business aspects are associated there, we will discuss business aspects 
someday, but the number which is reported is the net number taking 
into account the BPM business and the digital media business. So all 
I'm saying is you will find it’s difficult to adjust that balance sheet and 
this balance sheet together right, and there will be some regulations 
because now NXTDIGITAL digital media business is part of HGS.  
Ridham Desai: 
Understood. A second question was on the overall performance. Now 
though NXTDIGITAL is EBITDA positive, there is a net loss which has 
been witnessed since last few quarters. So now I just wanted to under-
stand what kind of strategy is in place to convert this loss at the net 
level into the profit for next few quarters.  
Partha DeSarkar:  
So if you see the current business, at overall level, we are PBT positive. 
If you take the figure of Rs. 200.3 crore, that's the PBT which we have 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
achieved in the first half and even if you take for the quarter, we are 
profitable at the overall level. Clearly we will look for synergies as well 
as growth in customers or with a better customer experience, that's 
what we are focusing on as we go through going forward.  
Ridham Desai: 
Last question on the overall discontinued operations. So last year also, 
we had the PAT at around Rs. 240 crore. This year also, around Rs. 50 
crore of PAT is from the discontinued operations, so any particular rea-
son behind discontinuing the operations, which are actually profit mak-
ing? Healthcare was a profit making vertical for you, what was the orig-
inal thought behind discontinuing such operations?  
Partha DeSarkar:  
We realized that the public markets in India were not valuing the busi-
ness appropriately, even though it was very, very profitable. The valu-
ation of the business was very poor compared to what kind of valuation 
that business would attract in the hands of a private investor. I think 
the difference was very stark and everybody has seen how stark the 
difference was. That was one of the primary reasons that we believed 
that to unlock value for shareholders, as unfortunately the public mar-
kets in India were unable to value the business at appropriate levels, 
we would be better off by divesting the business and unlocking the 
value for the shareholders in a different kind of way.   
Ridham Desai: 
Last question Sir. On the broadband or satellite part, that NXT is plan-
ning to launch, we just wanted to understand it… will this be in direct 
competition with Jio Fiber and Airtel who are already present in these  
metro markets.  
Vynsley Fernandes: Yeah, thank you for that question. We are the only provider who is 
launched on geo-stationary satellite, the only other player who is cur-
rently in the space is a huge telecom player. As far as we're concerned, 
our model is different as we are on geo-stationary satellite. We will see 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
a lot of entrants coming up. There is no question of that… India is a very 
big market and given the kind of terrain, we see tremendous amount 
of use cases both at the retail and enterprise level. But the good thing 
is that we are off the blocks already. We launched on Diwali in Tawang, 
we launched a few weeks later in Pulwama with our partner Tata Studi 
and we've just signed on our commercial customer already, which is a 
solar farm in Ahmednagar. So our focus is on continuing to grow. We 
have one big strength, which Partha also mentioned, and that's very 
critical. One of the important things of broadband over satellite is to 
have a significant national footprint; considering we have a presence in 
4500 pin codes and over 40,000 feet on street, there is a sales to supply 
to service chain already there, so perhaps we hit the ground running 
and we're looking at leveraging that for growth going forward. I hope 
that answers your question, Sir.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next version is from the line of Imran Contractor from 
Quantum Investments. Please go ahead.  
Imran Contractor: 
Can you elucidate more on what are the timelines for getting the ac-
counts audited for the last March and announcing a buyback and the 
board meeting? And what would be the timeline you are looking at?  
Srinivas Palakodeti: So just to clarify, the audit is for 30th September and that should be 
done fairly quickly.  
Imran Contractor: 
OK, because we announced the buyback last February I presume and 
about 8-9 months have gone, and second thing, this NXTDIGITAL busi-
ness which has been brought in. When is it likely to turn profitable on 
a bottom line basis?  
Srinivas Palakodeti: There is a bit of misunderstanding, so let me clarify that. In terms of the 
buyback, see the healthcare business was sold in the month of January 
and if we had done the buyback based on the earlier balance sheet, the 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
buyback amount would have been significantly lower. Because you 
don't have the profits from sale of the healthcare business.. So as per 
SEBI guidelines, once you are doing the capital restructuring through a 
demerger etc, you cannot do any buybacks. So what we have indicated 
is the amounts which have been earmarked based on the 31st March 
balance sheet, and the estimated balance sheet of 30th September. So 
as we said, now that the shares have been issued, the buyback and the 
listing is expected to be in shortly. The  proposal for consideration of 
the board will be after this.  
Imran Contractor: 
NXTDIGITAL business will it become profit accretive. What is the time-
line are we looking at or it will require continuous investments?  
Srinivas Palakodeti: So that business has already been EBITDA positive and there are costs 
arising out of interest. With the stronger balance sheet, we  will be able 
to negotiate or get better terms for things like interest or vendors. It's 
a business which requires more and more set top boxes for growth. So 
that's where it has an impact on depreciation. But overall level, we are 
confident and as we can see that even at PBT level, the combined busi-
nesses is profitable.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you, the next question is from the line of Preeti Sharma from 
Invest First advisors, please go ahead.  
Preeti Sharma:  
My question is regarding the cash position that we had, so I was going 
through the presentation. We have around more than Rs. 2300 crore 
cash on our books, so could you please let us know what would be the 
plans with this cash - like would it be used for NXTDIGITAL Business or 
is it used for something else could you please elaborate on that.  
Srinivas Palakodeti:  If you look at slide 26, we have surplus funds in the form of loans, cash 
as well as debt investments. So these will be used primarily in 2 to 3 
buckets. One is of course the buyback and the taxes payable on the 

                                                                                    Hinduja Global Solutions 
November 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
buyback. A second part would be in terms of any acquisitions, which 
we may make. Partha talked about it that we are interested in the dig-
ital space such as automation, AI, or technology-led services. Third of 
course, is to grow the business both in the BPM side as well as the dig-
ital media side.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
now have the conference over to Mr. Srinivas Palakodeti for closing 
comments.  
Srinivas Palakodeti: Hello everyone, thank you for taking time out and participating in the 
first time investor call of HGS including the digital media business. 
Thank you for a very interesting question and answer session. We look 
forward to interacting with you when we come up with the results for 
the quarter ended December 2022 in the month of February. Thank you 
once again.  
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability. For the sake of brevity, the     
edited version of the above content has certain abbreviations/abridgement of words and      
sentences. 
