 
 
 
PCL/SEC/22-23/060 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date : 1st December 2022 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Scrip Code - PRECAM  
To 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001  
 
BSE Scrip Code - 539636 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Earnings Call held on Monday, 28th November 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Clause 15(a) of Schedule III, Part A, Para A read with Regulation 30 of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed transcript of earnings call held on Monday, 28th November 2022. 
 
It is also available on the website of the Company at www.pclindia.in.   
 
You are kindly requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours Faithfully 
For Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
__________________ 
Gautam V. Wakankar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Disclaimer 
Transcript may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the 
beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as of the date of this call. These statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
 
GAUTAM 
VIVEK 
WAKANKAR
Digitally signed by GAUTAM 
VIVEK WAKANKAR 
Date: 2022.12.01 16:07:28 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Transcript of Precision Camshafts Limited Q2 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call” 
28th November 2022, 10:30 AM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KARAN SHAH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT – PRECISION CAMSHAFTS LIMITED 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to earnings call of Precision Camshafts Limited 
to discuss operational and financial performance for Q2 FY '23. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Shah, Whole-Time Director, Business 
Development. Thank you. And over to you, Mr. Shah. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to thank you all for being a part 
of the Precision Camshafts Q2 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call, which is mainly focused on the 
business and operational performance of the company. In case any detailed questions on 
finance, please e-mail your questions at cs@pclindia.in; and we shall provide you with answers 
in a reasonable time. 
We've submitted our investors presentation for Q2 FY '23 to the stock exchanges on the 18th 
of November 2022, and the same is available on our website. Investors are requested to refer 
to the same. I will now start with an overview of the auto industry and then get to the 
company's performance. 
The Indian automotive industry has seen some rebound after the pandemic and the 
semiconductor shortages, but the general global macro trends still look uncertain, mainly due 
to the war in Ukraine and also inflationary trends in the US and in Europe. I'm happy to share 
that, compared to last quarter, the total income has increased by 10.41% to INR 163.8 crores 
on a stand-alone basis and increased by 14.98% to INR 277 crores on a consolidated basis. 
The parent business, PCL India, has grown by approximately 30% over the last year by better 
asset utilization of foundries as well as machine shops. Several new camshaft and non-camshaft 
projects have been awarded to PCL over the last year, which have started serial production and 
are in the ramp-up phase. We're happy to share that PCL has onboarded several new customers 
in India and overseas and can see long-term visibility of contracts for the camshaft business. 
Our subsidiary MEMCO has seen consistent demand and delivered good top line and bottom 
line results, which is in line with previous quarters. It posted a total income of INR 14.9 crores 
in Q2 of FY '23 compared to INR 12.9 crores in the last quarter, which is a 15% quarter-on-
quarter growth. The management of the company is focused on adding new business from 
existing customers as well as new customers at MEMCO. 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Our group company MFT, located in Germany, has seen stabilization of business during these 
difficult times. However, we still see challenges ahead due to the ongoing crises in Europe. The 
company posted a total income INR of 43 crores in Q2 of FY '23 compared to INR 37.9 crores in 
the last quarter, a 13.5% quarter-on-quarter growth. The team at MFT is focused on bringing 
new non-engine components to the company's product portfolio. 
Coming to our e-mobility subsidiary EMOSS. The company posted a total income of INR 55.98 
crores in Q2 of FY '23 compared to INR 42.47 crores in the last quarter, which is a 30% growth 
quarter-on-quarter. However, the company continues to face headwinds in the European 
market due to severe shortage of component supplies and a general state of uncertainty. 
EMOSS has not lost any customer business during this period, and the order book continues to 
look promising.  
The company is now onboarding new management talent at the Dutch company as well as the 
Indian EV division to sustain future growth. Coming to the e-mobility developments in India. 
The company is in the final stages of commercializing an electric driveline for the sub-4-ton LCV 
in India, of which there are more than 2 million such LCVs running on Indian roads. These are 
mainly used for various applications such as last-mile deliveries, waste collection, postal 
services, etc. 
We at Precision Camshafts Limited and EMOSS believe in achieving the goal of electrification 
in a more sustainable manner by giving diesel commercial vehicles a new, electric life. We call 
it repowering. After months of research and development, our first fully electric LCV is now 
being tested and used for customer demonstrations on Indian roads. The company is very close 
to fully localizing this electric powertrain to support the Make in India initiative while also 
suiting Indian driving conditions and meeting commercial expectations of the Indian customer.  
We are happy to share that we have started our first customer clinics last week with key 
customers who have shown early confidence in us by signing MOUs. We will continue to hold 
these events throughout this year and early 2023, by when we would expect to have a fully 
certified Indian-made electric vehicle ready for commercial sales. I would like to take this 
opportunity to invite you to connect with us if you are a logistic service provider, an e-
commerce or a delivery service provider or a business owner with an existing LCV fleet who 
wishes to experience our product or understand its long list of economic and environmental 
benefits. 
You may reach us at emobility@pclindia.in. We will, of course, share more detail as soon as 
they are available. Coming to the financial performance of the company, starting with the 
stand-alone performance Precision Camshafts Limited which houses the camshaft business. 
Total income for Q2 increased by 37% year-on-year to INR 163.8 crores. EBITDA for Q2 FY '23 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
reduced by 22.74% to INR 25.9 crores. PBT was INR 15.9 crores and PAT was INR 12 crores for 
this quarter. The EBITDA margin for Q2 FY '23 stood at 15.8%, and PAT at 7.38%. 
The total revenue contribution from exports was 53%, and the balance was domestic sales. 
Quantity of camshafts that were sold during this quarter, as in the cast condition as cast, 
increased by 22% quarter-on-quarter and 13% year-on-year to 1.5 million units. The total 
quantity of machine camshafts sold during this quarter decreased by 5.5% quarter-on-quarter 
but has increased by 36% year-on- year to 0.79 million. And the total camshafts sold have 
increased by 11% quarter-on-quarter and 20% year-on-year to 2.3 million units. 
Coming to the consolidated business performance. The consol income increased by 26.9% to 
INR 277 crores year-on-year. EBITDA decreased by 27% to INR 33.34 crores. PBT for this quarter 
was INR 13.25 crores, and PAT was INR 9.94 crores. EBITDA margin at the consol level was 12%, 
and PAT was 3.6%. Coming to the group companies' revenues. As mentioned earlier, revenue 
at MEMCO stood at INR 14.9 crores. Revenue at MFT stood at INR 43 crores and revenue at 
EMOSS stood at INR 55.9 crores for this quarter. With this, I wrap up the financial performance 
of the company and would now like to open the floor for question-and-answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Vishal Agarwal from Leo Capital Advisors. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
I wanted to understand a little bit more about the margin profile of the stand-alone business. 
Historically, we have done about 20%, 25% EBITDA margin there. And recently that number 
has been closer to high teens. Is this a temporary blip? Or is this a change in the margin profile 
of the stand-alone business which we kind of expect going forward? 
Karan Shah: 
So, I think this has a few reasons. Particularly, over the last quarter, there has been an increase 
in commodity prices, which has led to slight reduction in the EBITDA margin as well as the 
product mix. It depends. This last quarter, as I mentioned, the export sales were 55% compared 
to a slightly higher percentage in the previous quarters, which is why the realization is lower in 
this quarter, but I would think that the -- in the low 20s is what the sustainable EBITDA margin 
should be going forward. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
And in the core camshaft business, what sort of a growth profile are we looking at? 
Karan Shah: 
I mean it's hard to say growth profile, but like I said, we've got great visibility in terms of the 
order book that we have, at least for the next five years, in terms of old and new customers. 
We are actually onboarding new customers as well. Given that we are a derived demand 
business, a lot of this growth is dependent on the auto OEMs around the world and how they 
are growing, but besides that, it is also coming from some competition that we are getting 
newer businesses. So it's hard to put a number, but there is good visibility in terms of the order 
book going forward. 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Vishal Agarwal: 
And what's the progress on the non-camshaft initiatives that you have been alluding to for the 
last few quarters in the stand-alone business? Do we expect this to be meaningful, or is that 
still very early to call? 
Karan Shah: 
No. I think we've actually already started. We will be starting supplies -- or have started supplies 
of some non-camshaft products from the stand-alone business, which are mainly to do with 
braking systems of commercial vehicles, to start with. These would only be a smaller number 
this year, but we'll start to see larger volumes and larger contribution to the total business in 
the next year or the year after. But this is just the first of many opportunities that we are looking 
at in terms of non-camshaft. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
And one final question, if I may, around EMOSS. EMOSS, obviously the situation in Europe is 
what it is, but from a short-, medium-term perspective, what sort of a growth profile do you 
see in EMOSS? And is there a change in the fundamental trajectory or opportunity for that 
business given the situation there? 
Karan Shah: 
No. There is no fundamental change in the opportunity because, I think, we work with very 
niche OEMs. We work in very specific fields when it comes to electrification, which are the type 
of vehicles that are the first to be electrified, for example, waste collection; for example, roads 
repairing; for example, city transit; etc. So these businesses continue. Demand is there. I think 
the uncertainty is there right now and it's anybody's best bet to say when this will be resolved. 
So that's how this is -- in terms of the growth profile, again I would not put a forward-looking 
number here, but I think we have a solid order book for this year, the next year and parts of 
2024 as well, so I think it's we are confident that this is a growing business. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
And the orders which you have been alluding to for the last few quarters as well but is it that 
the orders are delayed because of lack of components to complete the orders? Or is it 
customers are going slow given the environment and saying, Let's take the view to the few 
quarters away? 
Karan Shah: 
It's a mix of both actually. We have had times when we are unable to ship fully developed or 
fully electrified vehicles due to shortage of components. And it's also some customers who are, 
let's say, postponing deliveries for one reason or the other because of the situation, but like I 
said also, none of these customers have canceled any business or have indicated any slowdown 
or indicated any reduction in the order book. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vipul Shah from Sumangal Investments. 
Vipul Shah: 
So can you elaborate more on your e-LCV projects; what type of capex we are incurring till 
date; and the benefits of those vehicles we will offer, vis-à-vis the ICE engines, in terms of total 
cost of ownership? So if you can give yes... 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Karan Shah: 
Up until this point, whatever investments we have made have been utilizing of our existing 
resources at PCL in terms of plant setups or otherwise. And mostly, internal generations have 
been used for these. There is no significant capex at this point of time, but when we do put 
that plan together, we will certainly share it with stakeholders. In terms of the vehicle itself, 
we are doing conversions of existing diesel vehicles into electric, especially in that sub-4-ton 
category which a lot of customers across India own and operate. 
The clear benefit there is that, instead of buying a brand-new electric vehicle, which in this 
category there are not many options available in the Indian market, we are providing a solution 
where the same vehicle is given an extended life. The same chassis, the same body is given an 
extended life of, say, five to seven years, where we believe that the owner will have significant 
economic benefit because the operating costs are about 70% to 80% lower than that of diesel.  
The maintenance costs are also 70% to 80% lower than that of diesel. And so based on our 
initial calculations and based on the initial idea of what the selling price could be, we think that 
the additional delta costs that the customer spends on electrification would be recovered in 
about two years or so. And post that, the customer would actually end up saving a significant 
amount of money over the life of the vehicle, so in terms of TCO, there is significant benefit. 
Now I can't put exact numbers to this at this point of time because there are certain commercial 
finalizations that we are yet to do but enough to say that there is benefit to the end customer, 
which is why I think a lot of customers have shown that early confidence with in us by signing 
several MOUs for vehicles. 
Vipul Shah: 
So this conversion, will you be doing directly or it will be through dealer, dealer network, I 
mean, how that arrangement will work? 
Karan Shah: 
At this point of time, we will do it directly, at least for the first year or two, because it's an 
extremely critical process. It's not as simple as converting your diesel LCV to CNG. There is a 
significant amount of development engineering that needs to go into the vehicle for 
conversion, so we will keep the complete control of it. Eventually we would, of course, consider 
how to scale this up across India in terms of either service partners, dealer partners, etc, but 
initially it will be done at our site. 
Vipul Shah: 
So the transporters or small-time operators will come to you directly? That is what you are 
trying to say, sir? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. 
Vipul Shah: 
Then I'm afraid that will not be a very scalable... 
Karan Shah: 
Like I said, to start with, this is how it would be. 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So can you put any numbers like, for next year, how many vehicles you will be doing? Any idea, 
sir, or some indication? 
Karan Shah: 
No, unfortunately... 
Vipul Shah: 
So till now, how many vehicles we have done? 
Karan Shah: 
We have yet to certify the vehicles, so we have not -- like I said in my talk earlier, we have not 
commercially sold any vehicles, so far. We are in the process of -- our first vehicles are being 
driven on the Indian roads right now. Our customers are experiencing them, giving us a lot of 
positive feedback which we incorporate. And we will have our certified, homologated vehicles 
only available in early part of next year, which can then be sold unless they are certified cannot 
be sold. 
Vipul Shah: 
And lastly, sir, regarding this non-camshaft business in your standalone, the Precision 
Camshafts, apart from the brake lining, any other components we are planning to 
manufacture? I mean, any plannings done? Any capexes done for that initiative? Because 
ultimately this business will go to sunset over next 5, 10 years or 15 years? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. So yes, we are in the process. I will not be able to share exact details of which type of 
products, but a lot of work is being done on not just non-camshafts, but let me also say non-
engine components, I think that is where your question is coming from: Where will the focus 
of the company be?  
Just as I said, that these brake components for commercial vehicles that we have developed 
are non-engine components that would go into braking systems and for a large customers all 
over the world, but eventually we are also looking at new products which are, in the chassis 
components and brake components, etc, or even completely non-automotive, which is 
something that we are doing at MEMCO, something that we are doing at MFT, where the new 
businesses that we are looking for are also non-automotive. 
Vipul Shah: 
So can we say, five years down the line, a substantial portion of our standalone business will 
be coming from non-camshaft business, sir? 
Karan Shah: 
I would like to say yes, but we will say that the camshaft business also continues to grow. I 
would like to reemphasize that we are getting new businesses, new orders from customers, 
not only in India but outside of India, for camshafts. And this will run much longer than we all 
presume or expect, so yes, while we will continue to get new businesses which are non-
camshaft, when we do get camshaft business, it will add to this pie. So what percentage would 
be non-camshaft is yet to be seen in the coming five years. 
Vipul Shah: 
 
And lastly, this e-LCV project, so technology for that is coming from EMOSS? 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Karan Shah: 
 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Yash Agarwal from JM Financial. 
Yash Agarwal: 
So, on the standalone business, just wondering on the camshaft side, what is the utilization? 
And how the order book is looking? The quarter, we met 160 crores run rate after a very-very 
long time, above 150 crores sustainably. And also, secondly, the margins, this used to be at 
18%, 20% margin business. Now obviously I understand some commodity cost pressure was 
there in last six months, where do you see that stabilizing? 
Karan Shah: 
Okay, in terms of the order book, I think we have a very solid order book, at least for the next 
five years that we see with our customers. We have got new customers onboard. And I think 
that this run rate that you see of machine camshafts as well as cast camshafts that we are 
selling is sustainable going forward. Of course, this is subject to any other crises in different 
parts of the world or we are still concerned about the inflation in Europe as well as in the US 
and what that might have, effects, on vehicle sales, etcetera, but at this point of time I think 
the order book, from our point of view is quite solid and we are actually building on it and on 
top of what we already have.  
Your second question was regarding margin profile. Like, I said in the previous answer, the early 
20s is what it has been historically and that is where we expect it to be between 20% to 25%, 
once some of the commodity pricing pressures are eased. That's, I think, sustainable. 
Moderator: 
 
The next follow-up is from the line of Vishal Agarwal from Leo Capital Advisors. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
This is a follow-up for the previous participant's asked. Between machine camshafts and cast 
camshafts, how much is the realization difference? And how much is the margin profile 
difference? 
Karan Shah: 
Machine camshafts, I'm giving you really ballpark numbers, but a typical cast camshaft is sold 
for somewhere between INR 300 to INR 400 per piece. And the margins are anywhere between 
10% to 15%, EBITDA margins, on the as cast camshaft, whereas the machine camshafts are, we 
do significant value addition there and also requires that much capex, obviously, but the value 
addition goes from INR 350 all the way up to INR 1,000 is the average realization for machine 
camshafts. And the margin profile is higher there. It should be in the range of 25% to 30% 
EBITDA margin. So as the sale of machine camshafts increases, obviously blended margins 
should improve. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
 
Machine camshafts, you said, the average realization is about INR 1,000 per piece? 
Karan Shah: 
 
INR 1,000, yes, roughly. 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Vishal Agarwal: 
 
What sort of utilization are we at in machine camshafts? 
Karan Shah: 
The exact numbers, I don't have right now, but we are about somewhere in the 85% utilization 
rate right now, so we are really at a very high utilization percentage, at least on the machine 
camshaft side. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
And then if and when that business grows, will we need extra capacities? Is that a high capex 
endeavor? 
Karan Shah: 
If we get additional camshaft business which is machined, we will require additional investment 
beyond what we have. The investment ratio is generally 1:1, as in revenue to capex. 
Vishal Agarwal:  
 
And in cast camshafts, what sort of utilization are we at? 
Karan Shah: 
We are at about 75%, so there is room to grow there at this point of time in the existing facilities 
that we have. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
In terms of export versus domestic, how different is the margin profile for export business 
versus domestic? 
Karan Shah: 
There is a 5% difference. I think 5% to 7% difference, exports being higher obviously. I think we 
also have, that shift or that fluctuation over the last quarters is also what is affecting the current 
margin profile, if you look at it. 
Moderator: 
 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Vipul Shah from Sumangal Investments. 
Vipul Shah: 
 
So sir, what type of R&D expenses we are going to incur over next two, three years? 
Karan Shah: 
We don't have a specific number right now that I can share with you, but I think a lot of the 
R&D that is being done right now has to do with the electrification that we are doing in Europe 
as well as in India. So it's hard to tell you an exact number, but we will come back to you with 
that, for sure. 
Vipul Shah: 
So at consol level, what is our R&D this year? What should be the number, if you can give some 
color? 
Karan Shah: 
 
I don't have it off. 
Vipul Shah: 
 
I mean we don't spend significant amount on R&D. Should I assume that way? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. Because, see, I think, besides the electrification part, a lot of the businesses that we do in 
terms of auto components, these are the designs are generally from the customers. Of course, 
we are doing a lot of value addition or value engineering, but the R&D is done at the customers' 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
end because they develop the entire engine or the entire platform and we are building certain 
parts for them. But if you can write to us, we'll be happy to come back to you with a number. 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes, that is fine. And lastly, you talked about new orders received for the camshaft business. 
So they are mainly on the casting side, or on the machine side? 
Karan Shah: 
Most of the new businesses that we have got are machine, but the additional businesses that 
we have got from existing customers where, for example, we supply cast camshafts right now, 
it is an increase in castings. But the new customers where we are not there before, these are 
all machine camshafts. 
Moderator: 
 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Vishal Agarwal from Leo Capital Advisors. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
I want to understand this. By when do you expect to commission the solar power plant that we 
are setting up? And how much of a cost saving is that likely to be? 
Karan Shah: 
The exact numbers, I will come back to you. Unfortunately, our finance team was not able to 
join today due to a personal emergency, but I think, hopefully, within the next month or two, 
we should be able to commission the plant because physically most of the solar plant is already 
ready. I think it's we are waiting on certain permissions, etc, to go live, but I think that's the 
latest status of it. I think the approximately, I have to tell you would be in the range of INR 10 
crores to INR 15 crores per year is the expected saving from this solar plant. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
In terms of utilization, you said you are at about 75% utilization in cast camshafts and 85% in 
machine camshafts. At peak, what sort of utilization levels can you practically achieve in this 
business, is it 100% in the past? Or can you go beyond and... 
Karan Shah: 
No, no. It's not 100% because, I think, there is a factor of OE or Operational Efficiency. So I think 
we can talk about low 90s on both sides as the maximum utilization. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
And sir, as we develop the non-camshaft business, does it mean that you will need to do more 
capex for it? Because you are pretty close to full utilization, at least on the machine side and 
also coming full on the non-machine side. 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, that's correct. It will require new capex, when it comes to machining, but obviously the 
idea for us in terms of finding the type of products and whether it's cast or machine, is also one 
of the criteria that we look at is how best can we utilize the assets that we already have and 
not incur significantly more capex at this point of time. 
Vishal Agarwal: 
Are there plans at this point in time to expand camshaft capacity, or as you said you want to 
fully utilize existing assets. 
Karan Shah: 
 
Yes, exactly. So at this point of time, we don't need to expand capacity, not immediately. 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Sanket Bihani from Kedia Securities. 
Sanket Bihani: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand. Like, in next two or three years, what is the kind of financial 
projection you would have, a ballpark? Like not looking to full management against the 
guidance but just for understanding. Like what are we looking to achieve? 
Karan Shah: 
Unfortunately, I'm not able to share that number because this is forward-looking numbers that 
we have not shared in the past. And we'll continue to have that policy, but I think I have shared 
with you all in the talk as well as some of the answers that, all of this, all of the companies 
within the group, including the e-mobility business and the parent camshaft business, we see 
a very strong order book. We see good customers onboard, new and old. And we do see that 
the next few years look very promising in terms of the business that we can do. Just it would 
be very difficult for me to put numbers in terms of projections. 
Sanket Bihani: 
Can you just elaborate bit on the regime? Like what are you seeing for the company in next 
two, three years? Like not of – in terms of numbers but what you are feeling how the 
progression will be. Like just to get a rough sketch of companies' progression? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. So like I said, we are hoping that we have already seen with the acquisitions that we've 
done, with the business development that is going on in terms of new products. We have 
certainly moved away from this one product company which was camshafts in the past to a 
significantly diversified portfolio in terms of the products that we offer.  
We are hoping that in the next two to three years there will be more additions to these product 
portfolios as well as customer portfolios on the automotive component business side. And I 
think the overall vision for the e-mobility side of things is that we'll continue to grow with our 
partners in Europe through EMOSS. And in India, eventually, I think, the plan in the next three 
years to four years would be that we would want to be an OEM ourselves, where we would 
build ground up electric vehicles for our customers rather than converting or doing retrofits. 
So that will be the big picture vision for what we hope to do in India. 
Sanket Bihani: 
In terms of our Europe businesses, can you highlight, like, what are some of the key issues we 
are facing as of now? Like one is the component shortage. Other is the war going on. Similarly, 
there are a lot of electric vehicle norms which are coming into place in these countries in terms 
of levies or charges, so how does it overall impact us? And how is the situation looking at the 
ground, when we look to scale up the European side of business? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. I think there is, like you mentioned, right, there's uncertainty right now. And it's really 
difficult to put a number or say what exactly is going to happen in the next three months or 
even a year because of the ongoing war, because of the ongoing component shortages, etc. So 
we don't see, or even the inflationary pressures that are there right now, but we don't see any 
customers backing off from orders or reducing business, etc. There seems to be a continuous 

 
Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
uptick there, I think it's for us to be patient and get through this uncertain time in that part of 
the world. 
Sanket Bihani: 
Like do we have any specific strategy to address these issues or we will just evolve with time? 
Like that's how you... 
Karan Shah: 
No. Of course, there are certain specific strategies, especially when it comes to component 
supplies. We are developing a supply base in India as we speak right now, especially for the 
LCVs. We are hoping that some of the component supplies that we develop here could be used 
for our European business. We are looking at multi-sourcing a lot of the components and not 
depend on single suppliers or single geographies for these supplies. So there are a lot of 
strategic initiatives at our end, in terms of the supply chain, to mitigate those risks, but the 
macro risks, which are inflation, which are the ongoing war, etc, those are things that we really 
can't, we don't have much control over. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Shah for closing 
comments. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you so much. I hope we have been able to answer most of your queries, especially on 
the business front. We look forward to your participation in the next quarter. Thank you so 
much for joining this earnings call today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Precision Camshafts Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
