Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
(formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
December 9, 2022 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MOTHERSON 
Scrip Code : 517334 
 
 
Ref.  :   Transcript of the Investor Meet   
 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated October 10, 2022 and December 03, 2022, intimating about the 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 2022 held on December 3, 2022 and further upload of the 
presentation and video recording on the Company’s web-site.  
 
In respect to above, please find attached transcript of the aforesaid investor meet.  The above transcript 
is also available on the website of the Company www.motherson.com. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
(formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India) Tel: 
022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801 
CIN 
No.: L34300MH1986PLC284510 
 
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed 
by ALOK GOEL 
Date: 
2022.12.09 
17:25:01 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Resilient. Long Term. Sustainable 
“Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 2022” 
December 3rd, 2022 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal,  
Chairman, SAMIL and MSWIL 
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal,  
Director , SAMIL and MSWIL 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital,  
COO and Whole Time Director, SAMIL  
 
Mr. Kunal Malani,  
CFO, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Anurag Gahlot 
COO, MSWIL 
 
Mr. G N Gauba 
CFO, MSWIL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
Master of Ceremony: Thank you again everyone we'll be starting in just a few seconds we 
can all take our seats that will be great. 
 
Welcome all to the investor meet 2022 We are very glad you're here and we are honored to 
be hosting you today. Hopefully by now you've all had a chance to take a look at our Motherson 
Experience Centre that was in the corporate office on the second floor. If not, don't worry, you 
will get another chance in the second half of the day. Before we go any further please let me 
call on stage our safety briefing coordinator for this event. Major please. 
 
Safety Officer: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Motherson Safety Brief. 
This arena has two locations called conference hall and trend zone. You're currently inside 
the conference hall it has got five emergency exits, one exit each is towards your right, left 
and in front of you. Two exits are exactly behind you and the assembly area is 75 meters 
behind you. 
 
In case of an emergency please use these exits to reach the assembly area. 
 
Safety coordinator is available inside the hall and trained security staff is available outside this 
hall to help you in case of an emergency. 
 
Similarly, trend zone has four emergency exits and assembly areas remain the same. 
 
In the due course of this meet, you will also be visiting the first floor. Like the second floor. 
First floor has two emergency exits. 
 
It's as shown in the flow layout. One exit is near the left and the other is at the backside of the 
floor. Floor emergency evacuation layouts and emergency exit signage are promptly displayed 
on the floors. In case of an emergency. Please press the panic bar down on the emergency 
exit to approach stairs, climb down and reach the indicated assembly area at the ground floor. 
Training security personnel are available on the floors to help guide during emergencies. Lift 
will not be functional during emergencies. Thank you very much have a safe stay and 
engaging event. 
 
Master of Ceremony: Thank you Major for the information. 
 
Before we move forward I wanted to remind you, every one of you will see wearing these 
lanyards. You will see three different colours. Our organization team is the one wearing the 
orange lanyard. They'll be able to help you with anything you might need today. In terms of 
logistical issues or any questions you might have. Anything we can help with. We're happy to 
be there. 
 
Now ladies and gentlemen up next we do have the main event to get the ball rolling allow me 
to call on stage our SAMIL CFO, most of you know him as our lean mean finance machine. 
Please let me help me welcome Kunal Malani 
 
Kunal Malani: Thanks, at least  someone told me I'm lean. 
 
Mean I hope not. Killing machine, we'll see by the end of the day. 
 
But good morning, everyone. Great to have you here. It's a Saturday. 
 
I know it takes a lot of personal commitment to be here. So we're very, very grateful for your 
presence here. 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
 
Actually, maybe I should be saying more importantly, we should thank all your spouses and 
family members to have allowed you to come here on a Saturday. We met here last in 
November 17. It's been five years. Some familiar faces many new faces as well, you know, 
the world's quite changed. It looks like a completely different world now. 
 
But some things have remained a constant, as an example are, you know, as you're aware, 
we have a five year plans and our endeavor to achieve these five year plans have remained 
a constant. We are here today, in the halfway journey of our 6th 5 year plan, the Vision 2025. 
And we are very excited to show you where we are, and you know how we will get towards 
achieving our Vision 2025. 
 
You know, when we announced this event, a number of you have reached out to us to tell us, 
you know, what you would like us to showcase here what you would like to see in here, we've 
tried to incorporate many of these elements into the day. And you know, as an example, I 
hope everyone enjoyed the Motherson Experience Centre, which showcases all our products 
and technologies, I shouldn't say all, it's actually only about 10% of what we do. But that's 
what we could fit in here. Don't forget we are having 300 facilities across 41 countries. 
 
Similarly, we have, we have a trend zone after this, which will give you a flavour of how our 
products and technologies are evolving, to meet some of the changing trends. We also have 
the entire team, which actually makes this a reality. So please spend some time engaging with 
them. And they can certainly convince you a lot more about why we do what we do and why 
we are so good at what we do. 
 
So I hope it's it will be a very engaging and pretty packed day. Unfortunately, we started a little 
late, thanks to all the weather and traffic. But I hope that by the end of the day, you know 
you're as excited as we are on this journey. And at the same time, as confident as we are to 
try and achieve our Vision 2025. 
 
Now let me please invite Vaaman Sehgal to share his thoughts on our journey and where we 
are. Or maybe I should say, drive us on route 36. Thank you so much. 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Good morning, and welcome everyone to our show here today. I 
take the cue from Kunal and thank you all for being here on a Saturday. I do apologize for the 
weather. But at Motherson, we're not allowed to apologize for traffic. Because if traffic is red, 
that means businesses doing well. So not apologizing for traffic. But yes, for the weather. 
Please, please excuse us. So welcome to our halfway point. It's very important meet for us. 
We as a whole team are quite excited to show you where we have reached. And it's important 
halfway point, it's exactly half of where we are in Motherson. 
 
I'm having some issues with the clicker not working. As always, you plan for everything, but 
the easiest of things don't work. We can send people on the moon but having a presentation 
work, you know, without any issues is always is always a problem. 
 
So welcome, again, from my side. This is the halfway point, my presentation is going to take 
you through exactly where we are. I might remind you also of our Vision 2025 What we started 
to do back in 2020, the world was very different back then when we set on this journey. But 
that being that we still have a long way to go. 
 
 
I want to remind you what we started back in, in 2020. What is our vision for 2025? Where is 
it that we stand right now at that halfway point? And why is it that we stand where we stand? 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
 
And then I'm going to hopefully answer a lot of your questions that you have, how is it that 
we're still going to get to that point of what we set ourselves out to achieve at Vision 2025? 
After that, we're going to open up the floor for question and answers. And you will have a 
chance to see the senior management team and ask questions if you do have any, after my 
presentation, so let's get right into it. 
 
Everything starts at Motherson with purpose. We here at Motherson, constantly aim to delight 
our customers, and set ourselves seemingly impossible goals. The reason why we set 
ourselves impossible goals is that is the only way we see that we can provide sustainable 
opportunities for growth for all our people here at Motherson, and become part of something 
much larger than ourselves. We've been doing this for a long time, this is our 6th 5 year plan. 
And as you can see, if we hadn't set such large ambitious targets, there is no way we would 
have been able to achieve a CAGR of 32%. year on year from the time since our inception. 
So setting large goals, you know, seemingly impossible targets it works really propels us to 
unleash our full potential and deliver stellar results for all of us.  
 
But then again, you can really ask, why do we set such high targets? And frankly it is the only 
way that we believe that we can create value for our stakeholders, while doing that is also the 
way that we can create opportunities for all our people now imagine if we were one product, 
one country, one company, how many opportunities could we give to the people that are part 
of Motherson. By setting very high goals, you're trying to diversify, bringing more products, 
enter new countries, we give a lot of our people who have been with Motherson, unlimited 
opportunity for growth. And finally, because we want to do something amazing, and something 
really valuable. You know, we believe that we have all the key ingredients in terms of an 
amazing team, sound principles of doing business, a strong philosophy, and we believe that 
we can really be the benchmark in the industry in manufacturing. And that's why we really set 
these targets. 
 
Now, let me refresh, what is it that we are trying to achieve by 2025 to be a $36 billion 
company. But it's not just a top line, it comes with the bottom line, we just don't want to do it 
for ego purposes or something like that, we want to be a $36 billion company with delivery of 
a 40% ROCE.  
 
On top of that, we want to be a diversified company. The reason for that is that if we are able 
to do different products in different geographies, so the 3CX stands for no country, no 
customer, no component to be more than 10% of our business. If you're able to do that, we 
can continue to grow no matter what market condition is really out there. And for the first time 
ever, we are actually targeting to do non-automotive in this five year period. This is stuff that 
I'll get into a little bit more in my presentation as well. But this is what we have set out to 
achieve.  
 
And finally, we're going to grow, we're going to triple up from where we are right now, while 
maintaining financial discipline, and making sure that all our financial policies are intact. So 
quite a heady mix. But I think it's important that you understand that all these targets are not 
just one offs, they are interrelated. They have to come with each other, not at the expense of 
each other. And that is what ensures that we maintain good discipline, and give comfort to all 
our investors that we're not doing acquisitions or not going for growth just for the sake of going 
after growth, but actually doing it in very proper, organized approach with financial discipline 
head on our shoulders, and with the opportunistic in the market, when we get windows to be 
able to achieve all these things. 
 
So where do we stand today? 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
 
You can imagine, announcement in 2020, as soon as that happened COVID hit but we didn't 
say okay, let's delay by a few years. In fact, we reorganized ourselves, we said that, you know, 
if we really want to be a $36 billion company in the next five years, some things in our structure 
have to change. There was a lot of feedback coming from my investors, the structure is 
complicated. We need it to be simplified. So we listen to all of you. We actually went through 
an exercise of reorganizing our entire company and putting all of the group under one 
umbrella. We reorganized and now we have created two very successful and exciting 
companies. SAMIL being the company which is completely diversified, has a large portion of 
the revenues, will house all the international acquisitions, and of course being a very focused 
entity called MSWIL, which is again, with a joint venture partner, Sumitomo San, where 
Motherson originally started, which will focus only on the Indian passenger car wire harness 
business, which in itself is a huge market opportunity, as we know that India has tremendous 
potential moving forward in the automotive growth. So two very exciting companies, market 
leaders in their own domain, one will focus more on the international side, one will focus more 
on the Indian pass car wire harness - creates two very exciting entities for all our investors. 
 
While working as one, we've also not just simplified the structure, we also simplified all our 
branding, all our logos. So instead of having multiple companies that people not really know 
that where they belong, now everybody belongs under one logo, one brand, which is unified, 
all of us under one simple logo Motherson, which you will see all around you and everywhere 
that you go. 
 
So this is a start of a new chapter. 
 
It's something that we call Motherson, 2.0. And 2.0 is not just a number, it's an attitude in 
Motherson. It's a way that we are asking every single person in the Motherson family to imbibe 
certain principles, certain values, we want to be a company that becomes more agile. Now as 
we grow in size, we want to triple up in size, we're going to have to do something different 
than what we have done to get us to where we are, especially in the world where there is so 
much volatility, there's so much uncertainty, we are pushing our people to have a fresh 
approach to deal with the challenges, be more dynamic, be more agile, be faster to react to 
any situation. And that's what we call Motherson 2.0. I have a small movie that I hope you 
guys will enjoy and we'll explain more what I'm trying to say. 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So, as you can see, our platform is ready. And we were ready to 
really go after the 2025 targets. But since then, the world has become that much more 
uncertain and unpredictable. In fact, you see some research out there, researchers from 
Stanford are saying that the level of uncertainty that there is in the world and the range of the 
unexpected events that are happening are reaching extremes, which means that it's really 
hard to predict anything that's really going to happen. 
 
 So, extremes are getting more extreme. There's getting faster, unpredictable events that are 
happening in the world that is making it very difficult to really have a plan. In fact, you have to 
be the fastest to respond to any situation which is a much bigger strength than trying to predict 
it because obviously, that's not possible to do in our world anymore. When most of us, you 
know, thought okay, COVID is going to be one year, you know, 2021 is going to be much 
better year. Hey, we will hit with even more challenges. COVID on hindsight was just the start 
of a domino effect of a lot more problems that happened- chip shortage, rising commodity 
prices, geopolitical situation in Europe, crazy levels of inflation, rising labour costs, all these 
things have hit us one after another.  

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
 
So there's two approaches right one say Hey, let's take a breather, let's take a break, let's 
postpone, or the other approach which Motherson adopted was that this is the reality of the 
world that we live in. If you think of 2022 is coming to an end, and 2023 is going to be a better 
year, hey, don't hold your breath, I got news for you, new challenges are going to come up. 
And that's what Motherson 2.0 was about. That's what we are embracing ourselves and 
saying, Hey, even in these tough times, even with these things that are constantly going to 
happen, we're not going to get a breather in a year, we're going to have to find ways and 
means to still grow to still achieve 2025 targets no matter how difficult the world is, is really 
out there. So needless to say, we've had the most challenging start to any five year plan in the 
history of Motherson. Not only that, as we saw that post COVID, the 2021 time that we had, 
everything started to go up really unreasonably, unrationally and there was a lot of cheap 
money available, there were a lot of acquisition opportunities available. And, you know, we 
had a lot of opportunities to really go and grab and bite, do a large acquisition, and actually 
have already achieved our $36 billion vision. You would have seen a lot of news articles that 
are saying that Motherson was trying to acquire quite large companies. Well, frankly, if we 
would have done any of those things, in hindsight, we would have significantly overpaid for 
these businesses. And that's one of the reasons why you didn't hear large acquisitions that 
have not happened at Motherson, because we didn't see a path to 40% ROCE.  
 
So what I'm trying to say is we are patient, we've got our head on our shoulders, we're only 
going to go after a $36 billion dollar target when we find a sustainable path to a 40%. ROCE. 
But at the same time, we're not wasting time. Even though acquisition opportunities will come 
when the timing is right, we've actually focused on getting our house stronger, reduced fat, 
leaner operations, and that is showing results on the organic side, while the inorganic is an 
art, but organic is in our control. The teams have worked extremely hard. As you can see our 
revenues, annualized will be 12 billion this year, it'll be a record for Motherson. And this is an 
environment where the passenger industry has actually declined. There is de-growth in the 
industry, yet Motherson is growing, is outpacing the industry growth by 8- 9%. That is the 
magic of our teams, that is the hard work and commitment of these teams to make sure that 
even in the toughest of times, we find ways to grow. 
 
We don't ride on EBITDA margins. But we do, obviously focus on our profitability. And that's 
why I think it's key for you to look at this chart and understand that we focus on absolute growth 
of EBITDA. We don't like to be judged on the percentages, because, you know, the fact is, 
we're not a cement or a tyre company where the product largely remains the same year on 
year. After every single cycle of five to seven years of our particular program of the carmaker, 
we have an ability to completely re-engineer or redesign, completely create a new product. 
 
Let me give you an example. Let's say for a mirror business, let's say the mirrors which are 
simple mirrors, just giving you an illustrative example, a pair of simple mirrors cost 10 euros, 
we have an EBITDA margin of 10% on those euros, we make one euro in EBITA. Now the 
next version and something that you will see in our experience centres, you will see mirrors 
coming up with highly embedded cameras and the future will be perhaps only camera these 
are also things which we have already developed in house. Now these cameras will be priced, 
which will replace mirrors, which will be at perhaps 100 euros. Now, these 100 Euro cameras 
is not that we're going to be producing every single part, there are a lot of stuff that we will be 
buying out. So our EBITDA margins, because there's a lot more bought out content will actually 
come down from 10% to perhaps even half 5%. But the absolute growth in EBITDA. From that 
one is not five, it's a 5x growth, while the percentage of our EBITDA of may look like it's halfed. 
So please don't judge us on the percentages, look at the absolute growth. And you can see in 
the chart that I'm displaying there's been absolute growth on the profitability as well 23% 
CAGR year on year. So that is how you should be looking at Motherson. And don't get thrown 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
off for the last few numbers. Why that's coming down. This is the performance in one of the 
worst conditions with significant headwinds, the companies are still maintaining profitability. 
And just imagine what is possible when the market comes back. And when the uptick happens, 
the effect that's going to happen to our bottom line as well. 
 
What we do guide on what we do focus on is ROCE. Here again, you might say, why is it at 
that 8% When your target is 40%. But here also you have to understand ROCE is a journey, 
it's not something that happens overnight. For us to deliver ROCE, it takes a five to seven year 
period, for us to really make a company sustainable put the necessary investments, win the 
new customer orders, and as those orders are taken by the company, the ROCE increases. 
So if we remove all the new plants that we have invested in, and by the way, we've set up 41 
new Greenfield and brownfield plants in the last five years that are ready for new business 
orders to take off as the market comes back. So if we take out all these new investments in 
Greenfield and Brownfield, we take out the new acquisitions that we have done because they 
do require investment, require for us to win the new orders for the customer and really show 
our true colours. If you take out one cycle five to seven years, you will see that this ROCE is 
already sitting at 19%. And that too, in a very tough environment that we have right now. So 
again, please do understand our numbers a bit more deeply. They'll give you an understanding 
of how Motherson is performing. And I'm sure as you will see, as the industry becomes better 
and stronger, and some of this noise on the macroeconomic side goes down, this ROCE  will 
get much closer to that 40%. 
 
Despite the tough times, despite all the challenges, the teams have worked extremely hard to 
maintain our leverage and conserve as much cash as possible. In fact, some of the toughest 
times Motherson has proven its capability by de leveraging in these times and conserving 
cash. Don't get thrown off by the 22 number. This is when the merger of SAMIL happened. So 
it's not an apple to apple comparison. And even with that merger, you can see that we are well 
below our financial policy of being under 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA. As the situation 
improves, as the working capital gets to open up because of the numerous macroeconomic 
challenges that we're having. Again, we significantly believe that these numbers will improve 
and show you the delivery of where we want to be by 2025. 
 
So in short, the world is uncertain, yet Motherson has increased our revenues, maintained our 
profitability, is on a path of improving ROCE, while keeping our leverage well under control. 
We are strong, we are resilient.  
 
The good news about bad times is that they threw up some of the biggest opportunities.  
 
We doubled our turnover in the 2008-09 financial crisis. With the acquisition of Visiocorp,  
that's how SMR came into being, it's now one of our strongest companies delivering ROCE of 
over 40%. Similarly, with SMP, we believe that in these tough times, is when the biggest 
opportunities for Motherson will come. So it’s not all that bad. I think, even though we're in 
tough times, it's good times for Motherson as acquisition opportunities will present themselves. 
But now you can still ask me, how is it that we are really going to get there, we understand 
that the opportunity is there, but how is Motherson really going to get there. So I want to break 
down these targets one by one. But I'm not going to do it by just standing here and constantly 
talking to you. I'm going to do it in true Indian style, because India will have Bollywood. So 
we've created a movie here in eight parts. And I'm going to take you on a journey with me. 
Instead of me just standing over here and taking you through numbers and the presentation, 
we have created an eight part movie, which is going to take you with me to numerous plants 
of us around the world for you to understand how Motherson is on a solid foundation and on 
track to achieve our 2025 targets. Let's see the idea of the film in the first part. 
 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So welcome to route 36 with me, I'm glad to have you on this on this 
journey. The first chapter of this movie is of course addressing revenue growth. 
 
And before I get into revenue growth, because that is a large part of how we are going to hit 
USD 36 billion, I want to take you to our strategy of growth in Motherson is the reason why we 
have grown to where we are today is what we call the value chakra. It all starts with having 
great performance, focus on QCDDMSES. These are the parameters that the customer judges 
you on Quality, Costs, Design, Delivery, Management, Safety, Environment, Sustainability -
got that right. 
 
As long as you do great in these parameters, the trust of the customer keeps going up, you 
rank in the top 0.5% of their ratings. They build trust, you know what, they come back to you 
and they ask you to do more. It could be different products. It could be growth in new countries, 
it could be acquisitions, it could be joint ventures, whatever is the customer's problem right 
now, as long as they have trust in you, they'll come back and tell you to do more, they ask us 
to do more, we obliged we take that as a challenge, our value content increases. As that 
increases, again we become a preferred solutions provider we solve their problems, we focus 
on the QCDDMSES and the chakra goes on and on and on. It is an endless upward spiral for 
us. As long as we do well, we are guaranteed growing business with our customers as we 
become an integral part of their supply chain. 
 
So, now I'm going to break down the organic revenue growth into two parts. First bit is of 
course the organic growth which is more in our control. And for that I'm going to take you on 
the journey with me again in the movie and we're going to talk to Pankaj Mital Sir, who is the 
head of SAMIL as well as responsible for the entire wire harness division. And I'm going to 
show you two very fast growing units in the group as well in Mexico and in Hungary and show 
you how they are helping us achieve our revenue targets. Let's see how they do it. 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So, here you saw in the movie real examples of how the Motherson 
Chakra works. You increase the customer's confidence, you are asked to do more and more 
products, more locations, more business, continue to perform, you keep on growing. Now, I 
want to take you to more details on how we really grow on the organic side. And I'm going to 
break it down into few key themes that we believe are going to have a strong impact on why 
our organic growth is set for explosive growth coming up.  
 
The first one is obviously a no brainer. We're actually at the lowest point of automotive vehicle 
production that we have seen in years. And we believe that this is bottoming out, we believe 
that worst is behind us. And as we move forward, volumes are definitely going to have an 
uptick, why? First, there is a significant amount of demand backlog. And two, after COVID 
people have really changed their preferences towards having a personal mobility. Most people 
that could believe that they could do with public transportation or the Ubers and Olas of the 
world have now realized how vital it is to have a personal mobility option in case of an 
emergency or stripe.  
 
And in this uncertain world, as you can imagine, most people are gravitating towards it. So 
there is a significant backlog. Volumes are at the lowest point. And as the  macro-economic 
tension start to ease, we believe that the next few years and also looking at any of the industry 
estimates, we believe that volumes are going to uptake and that obviously is going to have a 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
dramatic impact on our organic growth and make sure that we outgrow the market as the 
volumes really pick up.  
 
The second important thing that we have seen that I want to share with all of you is changing 
customers preferences towards high-end vehicles. We're seeing that not only in the developed 
countries, but also in the emerging countries, we are seeing people wanting to choose more 
the higher end version of the cars, the SUVs, the premium vehicles over entry level. That 
means the sophistication, the maturity of the customers is getting there. And they are all opting 
for the premiumization that's happening in the vehicles and that augurs very well for 
Motherson. As you know, Motherson is more exposed to the premium side. And our value and 
our content will keep growing as this continues to play out in the markets that we are present 
in. Even within the high end models, there are a lot of variants. Let me give you an example 
for our plant in Alabama, where we are making doors for Mercedes, there are more than 1500 
variants of just the doors that's possible. 
 
If that's mind boggling, I want to make you understand that for the Porsches for one the very 
select cars that we make, there are more than 50,000 bumper variants that we are making. 
That's the level of customization that is being offered to the customers in the premium 
segment. And that augers obviously very well for us when there is more customization, more 
selections that the consumer has, that obviously drives our content more our value more. And 
as you can see, for all our product groups, this means significant value and content increase 
as this is playing out for our markets. Now, this is an illustrative example and is based on a 
set of vehicles that we have chosen, it will marginally change depending on the data set. But 
largely the direction holds extremely true. So to summarize, as the premiumization is 
happening as the customization is happening, as the shift is going towards the premium 
vehicles, we believe that our products are going to significantly increase in content and value 
as this shift really happens. 
 
Similarly, for as you can see what I was talking about before, even in the model variants within 
the shift from low end to high end, this is a meaningful increase. And that augurs for all our 
product groups as well, some more than the others. And, of course, this will depend on the 
country, on the offering that we have within the high end models, what are the different 
variants, and that's what I'm trying to tell you that the customization and the selection that the 
consumers have now really helps Motherson to grow our value proposition as people are 
moving from low end to high end and the premium variant of that high end as well. 
 
Now, let's talk about the elephant in the room. I'm sure a lot of you have a lot of questions 
about electrification, electric vehicles. Let me put all those questions to bed with one single 
comment. Motherson is powertrain agnostic. 
 
So no matter what car is going to be the car of the future and we can really argue till the cars 
come home, debate endlessly that when is it that electrification of vehicles is going to happen? 
We believe that our products, bumpers, door trims, mirrors, wiring harnesses, etc, will all still 
be relevant, will all still be value creating for us and keep growing in value and content even 
when this shift happens. 
 
We have no meaningful products in the engine which augurs very well for us. Now, we believe 
that there is a world out there where all cars will exist, all different options of powertrains, 
because there's a lot to be done to make only electric, a reality. There is infrastructure 
problems, there is government support that is going to come and regulations are going to 
come in, technology developments that need to happen. I mean, there's so much out there 
that is currently unsolved, we believe that the future will be one of mixed reality, they will be 
ice engines, they will be electric engines, they will be hybrids, they may be fuel cells, I mean, 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
there's so much that is really out there, and the market, which is so big and diverse, that 
everything will survive. 
 
 
Again, I would request you to go and see some of our trend zones, because there you will see 
that no matter what is the future, Motherson’s part will be relevant, we'll have an opportunity 
for growth, and have a very exciting, bright future for us, as the different levels of components 
do come in from our portfolio. 
 
Let's suppose for a minute that this EV does play out exactly how everybody is saying and 
that all the challenges are overcome. Even then, as you can see, for all our products, there is 
meaningful increase in our value and content as the shift happens. So we are well prepared, 
we are well equipped. And this is also being shown by our order book. As you can see,  
our order book Orderbook is at record levels at 18.2 billion. 37% of this is electric only. That 
means that the customer has the confidence and trust in us. Even with the new technologies, 
even with the new vehicles that are coming, Motherson is winning significant orders, and is 
growing in value and in content. So regardless whether these vehicles are taken on by the 
consumers, or they still prefer the ICE engines, Motherson will still find pockets of opportunity 
for growth, and be able to deliver on our organic growth targets for 2025.  
 
I hope I was able to explain that to you too well. The final, but perhaps the one that is most 
clear, is the theme of increasing security and safety in the car. This is undeniably happening 
in all countries around us. And this is something which is a big force from the regulators as 
well. When if you look at all the things that are going to improve the safety of the cars, such 
as ADAS, airbags, like LiDAR, radar, all these sophisticated sensors, cameras, which is going 
to help the drivers be more safe. They’re actually coming on our real estate in the car. 
 
What do I mean by that? If you look at the car, the front bumper back bumper and the two 
mirrors, that’s the key real estate in the exteriors, all these sensors, camera etc. are all coming 
onto our products. 
 
You as drivers that are using these sensors, cameras to get the information, where are you 
getting it inside the car- the dashboard? Well guess what? That's a big part of what Motherson 
makes as well. So we have all the key real estate in the car and a huge opportunity to integrate 
all these technologies and give the customer a one stop shop solution to be able to do that. 
And they are completely free. We can design it ourselves. We can do joint ventures, we can 
do acquisitions, we can do technical assistances, we can work with startups, we have every 
option available to give the customer a solution that can help them drive into this direction. 
And that is why we are placed in a very exciting point in history with all the key real estate in 
the car under Motherson’s belt. Again, I would direct you guys to the trend zones, you will see 
a lot of this playing out with our different partnerships with the new technologies that we are 
developing and creating exciting new products for the car makers to be able to offer to the 
final end customers who are driving these cars. 
 
I think I've spoken enough on the automotive side. And you would have gotten a good idea of 
how we are going to grow on the organic side in the automotive. Now let's shift the focus a 
little bit to talk about the non-automotive piece. I'm sure a lot of you have a lot of questions 
about that as well. But I think first it's important for me to tell you, it's not that we have just 
chosen these new industries by chance. We actually seeded these new industries in the last 
five year period. We first sat down and we really thought about what are the strengths of 
Motherson? What is it that makes us  really good and strong on the automotive side- our 
engineering capability, our operational excellence, our ability to give the customers global 
supply chain solutions. And all these good attributes and strengths came up of why we are 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
strong on the automotive side. We pick them, we analyze them. And we said, where is it that 
we can use these strengths to give us the highest chance of success in the new industries. 
And that's how we came up with these four verticals. 
 
Now, before I dig into each one of these verticals, I'm obviously going to take you into the next 
part of the movie, where again, you're going to go and see one of the new facilities in the 
aerospace one of the acquisitions that we have done and how wonderfully that is 
supplementing our growth. And also our technology division. MIND is the backbone, new 
name is MTSL. It’ s Motherson Technology Solutions Limited. And you see how using software 
competence that we have built in the group over 20 years, is really helping us to achieve our 
growth targets, and make our company a secure one, and be able to go for 2025 targets. Let's 
see it together. 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So that was a real familiar face of the gas station. Well, it's not every 
day that your gas tank gets filled by a superstar. 
 
So I hope you were able to get an insight on how we are growing with the new verticals as 
well. You saw that we are using our strengths that we built in the automotive side, and moving 
to new industries, such as aerospace for us. Now I'm going to dig a bit deeper into each one 
of these verticals. Each one of these verticals has strategic importance, not to forget that with 
the strength that we have on the software side with MTSL, we're able to really transform these 
companies very fast. So let's get into it. On the aerospace side, I don't need to tell you this, 
the opportunity is quite large for the products that we are targeting. On the top, we already 
have existing capabilities. And we're using the same machines in the automotive side. Of 
course, we have to change up what we do in the certifications, etc. But that's exactly what we 
were able to leapfrog with our acquisition with CIM Tools, some fantastic people share the 
similar philosophy, very hungry, very driven, focused on Motherson principles, quite similar to 
how they were doing their business. And you know, that has been an excellent partnership for 
us, we have been able to obviously use the strength that we have on Motherson to bring it to 
CIM Tools. CIM Tools strength with the customers already allowed us to increase the trust 
with the customers give the strength of Motherson's capability on a global footprint, be able to 
expand their order book online. And we're seeing the results of that very fast. Already, together 
with Motherson CIM Tools, our order book has doubled in a very short period of time. We are 
building two more facilities for the increased order book, and a lot more things are to come. 
This is the same play that we want to use for the different verticals that I'm going to talk about. 
Partner, getting together, use the strengths of each other, significantly grow the order book 
and look at international expansion that can really leapfrog the division into a new level 
altogether. Again, some of these products are available in our trend zones, in the display 
centre, please go have a look at them, it makes us extremely proud that now apart from 
vehicles that touch land, we're now looking at vehicles that fly in the air as well. 
 
The next vertical, the logistics side, the thinking over here was quite simple really. We have a 
very large internal opportunity in Motherson, we spent more than $300 million on our internal 
logistics, the idea was get in there, look at consolidating this fragmented supply base, drive 
synergies, drive benefits to our own group. And once we perfect it, we can take this as a 
service to outside as well. Already with a 3PL operations, we're handling more than 15,000 
shipments per month. And this is set to grow on an international base as a next step. We have 
also identified opportunities in XM and 3PL. And again, this is where we are going to grow 
moving forward internally first, setting the foundations, getting it right, understanding the 
business, then going outside and then to external customers.  
 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
Secondly, we've also identified packaging, internal packaging for us is more than $150 million 
spent. Again, there's huge opportunities to consolidate this, drive efficiencies and also have a 
sustainability angle. By doing this in a more sustainable environment friendly way. With 
returnable packaging etc, there are new concepts that we are developing here that can 
address not only our internal spend, but be able to grow this as a service externally as well. 
And finally, we also have a joint venture. I'm proud to announce that we have partnered up 
with HAMAKYOREX san  from Japan, they are industry leader of transporting from the car 
factories to the dealerships nationwide. And again in a short period of time. We're already 
transporting more than 2500 cars a month and as the Indian auto industry grows, I think you're 
all seeing that there is huge upside potential in the growth in the Indian automotive sector this 
business is going to grow largely from there as well. 
 
Health and Medical as much as I would like to say that we are discovering the next COVID 
cure. Unfortunately we are not we're again using the strengths of what we have built in the 
automotive side - Engineering, our competencies in plastics, electronics. These are all what 
we want to supply to OEM manufacturers who are manufacturing devices, and are looking for 
good, reliable suppliers to help their supply chain. When we got a lot of these medical device 
manufacturers to our facilities in the automotive side, they were blown away, they saw our 
focus on quality, our focus on zero defect, how we can give them the same quality product, 
regardless of where the world that they are in. And while they have a very fragmented supply 
chain, this is something that excited them very much. So as you can see, using the strengths 
that we have built in Motherson, using our competencies, a very big addressable market. 
Using our synergies, we can grow quite rapidly in the medical space as well. In fact, from 
getting the confidence from the customers executing small orders, we are now building our 
first Greenfield plant, especially on the medical side is going to come up and Chennai is 10,000 
square meters. We're going to introduce new technologies here that are not available for our 
customers to be sourced from India is going to help us grow the top line and have solid 
profitability margins as well, to make sure that we can deliver 40% ROCE. And this facility is 
almost up and ready, we will get all the certifications, and again, we'll use the same play that 
we did in the other verticals, what we did in the automotive, deliver on the customer first orders, 
the pilot orders that they're giving us, give them the confidence and scale this up rapidly. And 
as well look at acquisitions to leapfrog the scale as well. 
 
Finally, but perhaps the most important, the technology side. In the past, this company has 
only focused on Motherson, it's been a key reason of our success- our software and 
technology company MTSL, is the reason why we are successful in all our acquisitions. See, 
the most important thing for us when we do acquisitions is getting reliable data. And this is 
where MTSL comes in. They go to any facility of ours or the ones that we acquired in the 
world, very quickly plug into the data and give us the relevant information we need to drive 
process improvements, to drive operational improvements to make sure that we can deliver 
that 40% ROCE and take good decisions in the business that can help us grow business. So 
focusing on Cloud, focusing on infrastructure, which they have done for us, they taking the 
same software and now for the first time going outside. And like Rajesh was saying in the 
video as well. They've got a significant feedback that this is very welcomed from the external 
customers as well, while the Motherson business is growing, you can see that even external 
business is growing because of the huge pool and reputation that this company has building 
very, very low cost yet very stable, advanced technology and software for manufacturing 
companies. And as you can see, the result is there in front of you a CAGR of more than 20%. 
And I believe again, we'll have explosive growth in the future as well. 
 
Now that I've explained the organic side, let's tackle the inorganic side, which is going to be 
obviously, the large part of the 36 billion is where that's going to come from. But before I go in 
there, of course is going to be the next part of the movie. But this part of the movie is going to 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
focus on something very strategic and important. We recently announced an acquisition in 
Japan. And for us this was a very, very strategic move because while we were present there, 
we didn't have a manufacturing facility in Japan. Now that we will have a manufacturing 
presence and facility in Japan it completely changes the future for Motherson in that region. 
And the possibilities we have with Japanese OEMs let's understand why. 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So I hope it was easy for you to understand how important actually 
being in Japan is for us. 
 
Actually, it was always my father's dream to have a manufacturing facility in Japan since we 
started a first business relationship in Japan. And it's finally a reality. 
 
But of course, the important bit is that look at the influence of Japanese OEMs in the world 
today. They have 30% market share of all cars that are produced in the world. So they have 
a very prominent position. And something that is extremely important for us. And like was 
explained in the video. A lot of the decisions for these platforms, not just in Japan, but globally 
for them are made in Japan. So when you do have a facility in the local area, talking real time 
to the car makers, talking in their language with the local face, it has a completely different 
impact and opens up a lot more opportunities for Motherson to not just grow on the mirror side 
with the Ichiko acquisition, but also for our new footprints. 
 
Just like Ichikoh, in a short period of time of two and a half years we have announced seven 
acquisitions, we have been extremely picky because of the tough market conditions. And all 
of these acquisitions have strategic importance to us. We only choose those acquisitions 
where we see a clear path to 40% ROCE. Because the world is actually quite a difficult place 
to be in and there is a very tough market environment. Interest rates are at record levels, the 
leverage market has practically disappeared. Peers are over leveraged as they've taken on 
significant amounts of debt by mistiming the market. The result is the lesser deals are 
happening because there aren't enough players who can have the appetite to go out into 
acquisitions. Yet the macro-economic problems remain. Our customers are having problems 
with suppliers who are not able to keep up and the result of that Motherson becomes the 
partner of choice. Why? Because the customers are looking for strong partners who are able 
to absorb these underperforming assets and Motherson with a strong balance sheet being a 
trusted partner and our ability to quickly turn around these companies becomes the partner of 
choice for carmakers. 
 
Hence, our pipeline is completely full, we are assessing more than 50 Live opportunities right 
now hand held by the customer. And again, the reason why customers choosing us is because 
we are a focused long term partner for them. Motherson does not buy and sell companies, 
Motherson buys and grows companies, Motherson invests in companies, we make these 
companies sustainable and competitive over the long term. So our pipeline is full. As you can 
see, it's not just in the products that we are in, it's in different products and also in different 
verticals. And I'm sure that some of these will click which will help us to get to a $36 billion 
figure. Yet, don't be fooled, we don't get too excited, just looking at the opportunities that are 
over there, we have a very clear and robust evaluation framework, which is very stringently 
controlled in our group. The first bit, of course, it has to have the customers blessing if the 
customer is not supporting the acquisition Motherson will not even consider it, no matter how 
attractive it looks. Secondly, it has to be able to mark the financial criteria, and we must see a 
path to be able to get to 40%. Our operating teams must tell us what are the synergies that 
they can drive, what are the things that we can do to do better than what they're already doing, 
and have a better fate for this company than it was in the past. Every single acquisition is led 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
by an operating team who will handhold it, who will take the responsibility to put the Motherson 
DNA to put the Motherson values in it and make sure that it gets turned around in the shortest 
period of time. And not that it is just, you know, an orphan somewhere and hoping that things 
will change for the future. No, very, very strong control over which acquisitions we go for, we 
are extremely picky. And there has to be a leading team, which will take the responsibility and 
say, Yes, I will drive this acquisition, I will take the responsibility to make sure that it gets turned 
around. That's how we can do multiple acquisitions. At the same time, as different teams focus 
on different parts, have responsibilities of different areas of growth, we can do multiple 
acquisitions at the same time.  
 
Now, that's all great, the pipeline is full, but I'm sure your question will be does Motherson 
have the financial wherewithal to go for these acquisitions? Let's look at another illustrative 
example. Based on the analyst reports that you guys are writing, what headroom does 
Motherson have, based on the profitability that you guys envisage  us to have? Of course, I'm 
going to push the teams to do even better than this. But envisaging on average what is the 
profitability that you guys envisage Motherson to have in the next few years, and the easing 
up of the macroeconomic conditions, which will, you know, help us with the working capital, 
release, etc. We believe that on a conservative side, we will have about $2.3 billion of 
headroom growth, for ammunition to go after acquisitions, 2.3 billion USD, hey, you still have 
targeting to be 36 billion. So what is 2.3 billion going to get us? 
 
So 2.3 billion is a conservative headroom that we have. We believe that having still following 
the Motherson principles and the values of being value buys, we're not going to go and buy 
something ridiculous, we are going to still stay maintain our financial parameters, we will look 
for companies that are not operationally so well off, because that's where we can really drive 
our synergies and deliver a 40% ROCE. So looking at companies, and again, this is an 
illustrative example, to give you an idea of what is possible for us to reach on the top line, 
looking at a company at five times enterprise value to EBITDA, with still maintaining the 2.5 
times financial leverage principle that we have, with basic 6% EBITDA margins, we believe 
that a $15 billion top line company is available for Motherson to acquire. Now this 15 billion 
might be three $5 billion ones. One big one, I don't know. It will depend on what opportunity 
comes at what time and which customer is allowing us to go and really do it. So 36 billion is 
much closer than we do. You know, fear it to be like too far away. No, it's actually possible 
with just one acquisition, even if these financial parameters are a little bit different to what we 
end up acquiring, we have more levers in our hand, for me, and for my father equity is very, 
very important. It's very, very invaluable to us. But for us to be able to hit our targets where all 
the financial metrics have been reached, and if there is some stress on the leverage policy, 
we will look to even as a last-case scenario, dilute or raise equity, or use our equity as currency 
to do mergers or do partial stakes, many, many opportunities are there, like I said, for vision 
2025, we're going to have to have a different approach to what we've had, so far to deal with 
the new circumstances that they are in the market. So we are going to be creative, we are 
going to be Imaginators, true to our DNA and we'll figure out a good path to get to 36 billion 
while maintaining our financial discipline.  
 
So one acquisition can change the whole situation up for us. So please don't think that we are 
too far away from $36 billion. One acquisition itself can change the whole game. But we're not 
getting excited, we're driving with caution. And we are making sure that we stay remain 
focused on value buyers and don't make any mistakes with large acquisitions, making sure 
that everybody is well disciplined in this approach. 
 
So I'd like to summarize now with what is it going to be that is going to get us to the $36 billion 
target, I have taken you through the organic side, I have taken you through the inorganic side. 
And I want to summarize that the first step like I said, at the start, do volume growth to 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
industries at the bottom as a volume optick our organic growth is going to grow. The second 
one is electrification, as electrification is going to happen, our content is going to grow. You 
saw that in the charts that I showed before. And then the content and value increase to the 
shift in consumer preferences on the car, as they move from the lower end models to the to 
the next end, you will see that again, our content and our sales is going to grow. And finally 
supplementing that it with the acquisition opportunities. 
 
We layer that up with all these drives that are going to happen on the organic side, the 
inorganic one large acquisition that could take us up to 15 billion on the conservative side, we 
are very close to the 36 billion. 
 
With that I complete the chapter of revenue growth and move to the next chapter of our 
journey, which is 3CX10. 
 
Now, this is a fundamental pillar of Motherson. The reason why we have been able to grow 
over our entire history is because we are focused on diversification. 3CX10 means no country, 
no customer, no component to be more than 10% of our business. This was all the way up to 
90%. When we started as you can imagine, when my father started the business, we were 
only focused on Maruti Suzuki, and over the gradual five years times we have got this further 
and further down. Now what this enables us to do is to be able to grow even though there are 
problems in the world today. And as always, I'm going to take you on the movie on the journey 
with me in the movie. And I want to take you to three plants and talk with Char, who's the head 
of our polymer division and show you three locations in Turkey and also in Hungary and 
Morocco where we have significantly been able to grow through the diversification strategy. 
Let's see how. 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So, in case you guys are not believing our automotive ambitions, 
hopefully by now you are believing our theatrical and Bollywood ambitions. So just in case this 
doesn't work out, there is a future in something else. The next company will be launched will 
be called SOFA productions. Son Father so far, no. Okay, anyway. 
 
So where are we with the 3CX10. On the customer side, we are practically there. No customer 
is larger than 10% of our business. That doesn't mean that we say no to business. We grow 
with the customers wherever there is opportunity. And of course work on the other customers 
to make it more and balanced as we get the growth opportunities. 
 
It's very important to realize that even on the countryside, we have, biggest focus in India, it is 
our deep, deep roots. 24% of our business is still coming from our roots, which is India. And 
also important to realize that 57% of our exposure is in emerging markets, which is where we 
believe a lot of the growth is really going to come. The merger of SAMIL has significantly 
helped the diversification and also opened up new opportunities for us for growth in these new 
verticals where we believe, just like we did with the mirror business, we will have opportunities 
to do large acquisitions, and further balance this chart out but then again, we have to follow 
where the opportunities are. And as you can see, India still remains a core focus and market 
for us, and so does the emerging markets. 
 
On the component side, wire harness is the largest part of our business, it's about 29%. But 
this is also changing as we continue to do more and more acquisitions, you have to understand 
the biggest opportunities in acquisitions do come in the products that we're in. So we're not 
going to say no to those opportunities. But as the new verticals, the new industries, the new 
products continue to grow, These things will significantly help us to grow and balance out this 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
3CX10 component as well. The customers giving us more opportunities. And we are confident 
that as we move towards 2025, you will see a lot more verticals and a lot more balance in this 
also come as we get closer to 2025. 
 
Now I'm moving to the next chapter, which is the chapter of ROCE. This is of course, the 
fundamental philosophy of Motherson. We do not guide by margins, we do stay focused on 
ROCE. And this will take us to the next part of the movie where I will chat with Rajat who's 
heading Vision Systems. And we're going to visit two plants. One is SMR’s plant in USA, 
Michigan, and second polymer plant in MATE, where you will see that even though they have 
grown significantly in size in these locations, they've still managed to not only defend their 
ROCE, but increase ROCE, which is a bit counterintuitive to how people think about it. Let's 
see what they were able to achieve. 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So, we will be submitting this movie to the Oscars this year, in the 
category of Best corporate movie, looking forward to your support and votes to make this a 
winner and add to our portfolio. So but in all seriousness, you saw real impacts of ROCE, 
sometimes you have to invest in companies to be able to deliver a better ROCE, it is a bit 
counterintuitive sometimes, sometimes, you know, you have to understand that in the shorter 
timeframe, putting more investments in reduces the ROCE. But by doing that you can 
significantly improve the efficiencies, reduce the customer defects, delight the customer, 
actually, that pays back in multi fold. So you saw a real example of how investing results in 
increase of ROCE. And that's why we tell you that it is actually an art. It's actually something 
that takes five to seven years to really build a company with sustainable advantage. You have 
to think about the long term. And that's why there's a journey where we give our plants up to 
five years to be able to hit that 40% ROCE is not something that happens overnight. We also 
saw how engagement of the teams really breaking it down, taking the rules, giving it to interval 
departments and the people and investing in where we are already in high cost countries right 
next to the carmakers being able to take their direct feedback also results in significantly 
increasing business and therefore increasing ROCE. So as I move forward to the next slide, 
capex is a big impact on ROCE and as you can see Motherson over the last few years has 
significantly reduced our CAPEX,  in the sense that all the investments that were required for 
the new order wins for our order book that I showed you before of record, those investments 
are already there.  
 
Don't let again, the FY 22 number put you off. That's because of the merger of SAMIL. And all 
of those increase in the SAMIL companies, the CAPEX also came. But in general, as you can 
see, the overall trend is in a very positive direction. And as the uptick in the volumes that I 
showed you earlier, this capex that we have already invested is good enough to take us into 
the future and deliver both top line and bottom line results, again, getting as close to the 2025 
mark.  
 
The second thing that we do, which is very pertinent to increasing the ROCE is keeping a 
focus on each and every unit, we don't look at companies on a consolidated basis. As you can 
imagine, we have more than 310 facilities in the group, it's very easy for us to consolidate and 
only look at it as a company. But no, we go down to the unit level, every single year, each and 
every unit gives us a budget of what they're going to produce, what capex are going to use, 
and how they're going to drive to profitability as we are going and we're acquiring different 
companies, sick companies, companies in Greenfield, there are going to be companies which 
we call red units, which are EBITDA loss making, then there are companies that we classify 
as yellow units, which are EBITDA positive, but EBIT still negative and green units, which are 
both EBITDA and EBIT positive.  

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
 
Our endeavour is to focus on these red and yellow units and push them towards green and 
push the green units even into further green with our focus and complete diligence, working 
with those teams in those units and pushing them further and further.  I'm proud to say that as 
compared to 2015-16, where we had 37, red and yellow units through very focused efforts, 
and very diligent work done by the teams, already 26 of them are green, even though 11 are 
red and yellow. Because of the current macroeconomic environment. I'm sure these 11 will 
too in very short time be in green, which again will push the ROCE further up for those units.  
 
I'm going to give you an example of a company this was in the shock absorbers space which 
again, were asked by the customer handpicked by them to look at this company, they were 
loss making in FY 16. Motherson came in worked together with a partner in a very short period 
of time already got it down from a red unit to a yellow unit. Achieve break even, made this 
necessary investments in there, won the new customer orders. And now as you can see in 
the first half is already delivering close to a 20% ROCE, this too in the next couple of years 
will progress towards that 40% ROCE. So this is an art in Motherson, this is something that 
we have perfected. There are many such examples where we go but nobody else wants to go 
to these trouble companies, go to the sick companies use the Motherson DNA, the tried and 
tested formula of our operational excellence,  our DNA injected, handhold it and convert them 
to a green unit. 
 
Move to the next slide, you will see this is a scatter graph of all our units, you will see that 
there are still a few units which are in the red and yellow category. This is what we're going to 
be focusing on for the next two and a half years. If we take these red and yellow units, and 
convert them to break even, our ROCE will double at the group level. If we are able to convert 
these red and Yellow units able to deliver the average profitability of what we're having it the 
Green, our ROCE triples up. So in summary, we're not too far from being able to hit that 40% 
ROCE it's completely possible. Of course, we have some luck with the macroeconomic 
environment as well. But every single effort is being made by our teams in a focused manner 
on every single unit to try and get them into that green zone and be able to hit that 40% ROCE. 
 
Not only on the operational side, this is where MTSL, this is where the software side this is 
where the real genius of Motherson comes in. Because of course, there are only so much you 
can drive on the operation side. But if you can supplement it with our own automation, low 
cost automation, what we are doing in Chennai, we are building our own AGVs building on old 
software for Cobots. Using digital boards, using ways that we can reduce the cost in the high 
cost countries by bringing Motherson build Motherson designed software and hardware and 
be able to reduce the cost that adds a huge layer for us to be able to increase our profitability 
and keep the business in house where it will be given to outside suppliers.  
 
Not only that we have successfully built in the last five year period, a Global Strategic 
Procurement Office based out of Dubai, which now with the use of technology can give 
information to any unit of ours worldwide, which is the best supplier at the best cost for what 
they want to purchase. It's a huge database, it's a huge advantage because everything is 
consolidated in one area, and everybody can drive advantage and procure now, at the best 
cost possible for the entire group. Finally, the management have a complete free hand in the 
sense they are completely empowered and responsible. They build and choose what MIS 
systems, they want to see what are the information systems they need from the group, 
depending on their product, depending on the customer, depending on their location, what do 
they want to see, and our software company very quickly transforms that into a software which 
takes a lot of the value at work out. And the teams again can get real time information from 
their operations and be able to drive business decisions, which improves ROCE and helps 
Motherson, you know, hit that 40% target. 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
 
So I would like to summarize this chapter as well. What are the key drivers that is going to 
help us get to that 40% ROCE. Of course, I spoke about the lower capex with the end of the 
capex cycle, there is very little that needs to be invested now to be able to deliver on an order 
book. And as the macroeconomic situation improves, there'll be normalization of the working 
capital. This will result in a lot of cash being freed up from the companies. As you can imagine, 
with the semiconductor shortage, we've all had to sit on a lot of inventory because we don't 
know when the customer will start and go. Also, with the other issues that are there. I believe 
that this was settle down in the next couple of quarters and a ton of cash will be released. Our 
focus on the red and yellow units. Again, on the budgeting cycle, this time, we are going to be 
relentless, trying to push the red and yellow units into the green zone and push the green units 
to do even better. And that again, will result in higher profitability and higher ROCE for the 
group. And finally, like I said, as the macroeconomic condition eases up the volumes uptick, 
it's a no brainer, we'll have economies of scale, we will be able to use the leverage. And we 
will get as close to that 40% target as we can. And I'm quite confident you will see this happen 
in the next few years. 
 
With that chapter complete moving to one of the last few chapters in the entire presentation 
which is on dividend payout. This is quite important to all of you as investors and us as 
shareholders as well. You will see that throughout the history of Motherson, we have 
maintained the dividend payout. Even in some of the most tough conditions such as the global 
financial crisis or during COVID, we actually increased the payout ratio for our shareholders. 
This shows a lot of discipline by our operating teams, a lot of focus made sure that we conserve 
cash and paid cash out when we knew that there was a need of cash to be paid out yet 
conserving enough to be able to invest in a company and go for growth. So our payout ratio 
has been maintained. In fact, we've even exceeded it in the last few years in some of the most 
tough times that you've seen on the automotive side. 
 
And that will remain for the foreseeable future. Now I'm going to take your attention away from 
numbers and go into another very key theme and Motherson that has been developing over 
the last few years. And this chapter is about sustainability. Sustainability is becoming 
increasingly important for all of us. I think Motherson has taken a bold step and have declared 
our ambitions in sustainability. And we really want to be a leader here in the steps that we are 
taking to make sure that we can deliver our goals of sustainability as we move forward. Next 
part of the movie is me talking to Barry who's responsible for sustainability in our group. He's 
here you're able to talk to him afterwards as well. And you will see how sustainability is taking 
centre stage in Motherson in everything that we do still while keeping our growth ambition and 
target in intact for 2025. Let's have a look. 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So, we saw real sustainability at work and Motherson, you saw that 
we are transitioning ourselves to renewables, I was on practically the roof of our facility in 
Pune, seeing the solar panels at work, not just driving electricity from renewable sources, but 
also driving our teams such as our engineering teams to be more sustainable. That resulted 
in development of the Eco Mirror, which you saw in UK. Actually driving sustainability in the 
group is opening up more platforms for revenue growth as well, the Eco mirror has been a 
huge success, the customers are wanting more of it for the new vehicle programs. And you 
will see a lot of that come in the future as well. 
 
The units now do believe that sustainability and better financial performance go hand in hand, 
as you saw Vishals unit was able to demonstrate that with the investments that we had made 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
in sustainability and those solar panels, and that's again, something that has been replicated 
in our group worldwide.  
 
Finally, it is about people, it is about equality, it is about giving people all the opportunity in the 
world equal opportunity for all and giving them an ability to drive their ambition to no limit. 
Finally, it has to be surrounded by governance, making sure that all these things that we are 
wanting to implement are happening with the highest code of conduct. And that's something 
that we're doing through our training programs and awareness for the people. To show you 
how strong sustainability really is, and the importance it has in Motherson for the first time, 
we've actually amended our vision since 1997, and added the word sustainable innovation. 
So it is now to be a globally preferred sustainable solution provider to show to all our 
employees, all our family members, and all our customers that everything that we are going 
to do is going to be driven with that overhang of make sure that it is sustainable. We are 
serious about sustainability. We have also developed our own logo of sustainability, which 
encompasses three main areas that we're going to focus on the planet, the people, and having 
strong governance to make sure that everything that we are doing has real impact. And we 
can continue to grow while making sure that we're sustainable while doing it. 
 
Just like our customers, we too have set an ambitious target to be carbon net zero for all our 
current operations by 2040. You will see a lot more progress on this as you read our annual 
reports as we continue to disclose all our efforts in this direction. So in summary, we are 
building Motherson for the long term. We want to be good global citizens while we are doing 
it. We want to help build a world which we are all happy to live in, and we can proudly pass it 
on to future generations, even better than where we found it. 
 
Finally, I'm at the last chapter of our story here today. And I bring you back to where we started-  
our purpose. And I'm going to summarize everything that we do from this as well. Everything 
flows for us at Motherson from our purpose, our ambition that I spoke to you about the start 
how we create value for all our stakeholders how we create sustainable jobs for all the people 
here at Motherson. And finally, we become something larger. What better way to show this to 
you by the final part of our movie, and here you will see how we really spread the philosophy 
of Motherson, keep it intact, even though we grow quite rapidly in these tough times, please 
enjoy the last bit. 
 
Movie Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So I hope that the movie showed you how precious our philosophy 
is. And as we grow, we're going to make every effort to preserve it. In fact, we are creating 
education programs for all our people so that not only do they understand what it is, but they 
also imbibe it, because our philosophy is at the centre of every single thing that we do. And 
because of this philosophy, we've been able to create a business that is resilient. That is long 
term. And that is sustainable. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how we're going to get there 
to our targets of 2025. It's been a real honour to have you with us on this journey. Please do 
remember, it's only halfway because the foundation is set. And the best is yet to come. Thank 
you very much. 
 
I apologize for the small glitches that we had. But that just shows you know, you can have the 
best of preparation, the best of equipment, the best of everything, yet the world will keep 
throwing curveballs at you. But the most importantly this show will continue and that we are 
geared up for no matter what comes we will head towards the 2025 targets. Now I will request 
Papa and our senior management team to please come up on stage as we open up the Q&A 
session for all you and answer your questions. 
 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
Master of Ceremony: So on stage we would request our chairman Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal 
to join us along with us, the SAMIL COO Mr. Pankaj Mital, the MSWIL COO and CFO Mr. 
Anurag Gahlot and Mr. G N Gauba and of course back on stage the SAMIL CFO Mr. Kunal 
Malani. 
 
While we set up just an FYI for everyone after the Q&A, we will go straight into lunch and then 
a few more interesting things waiting for us. 
 
Be ready for any Q&A. If you have any questions just raise your hand and we will find you and 
bring a mic to you. 
 
Raghunandan NL : Thank you, thank you very much for the innovative and comprehensive 
presentation especially like the part so far. 
 
Couple of questions. Firstly, thanks so much for sharing the increase in content per vehicle, 
the potential from ICE to EV. If you can expand or elaborate on that, because there was this 
8x increase happening in wiring harness when it came into two wheelers and 2.4x for four 
wheelers. So, Pankaj, sir if you can elaborate what is leading to this increase in content and 
also in the MSWIL, is this already started reflecting with our two wheeler customers on the EV 
side and how do you see this progressing forward? 
 
Pankaj Mital: Yes, you're right that the content goes up. If there is a ICE car and a EV car if 
we compare that you know as we go  forward. A lot of car makers are building platforms which 
are not ICE and EV together but they will be just EV. The content goes up primarily because 
when there is an EV car there are more features in the car. One is that which adds to the low 
voltage side also. In most of the cars, the low voltage side remains as it is except for the 
engine, as engine goes off, the engine harness was out, but nearly 75% 80% of the low voltage 
harnesses will always remain in the vehicles forever. What goes as In addition, are from the 
charging side to connecting all the motors, the high voltage stuff, which is made up of very 
heavy connections, because it carries a lot of current, a lot of amperage into those wires to 
charge up. And when you go for fast charging, it's even more. So that's what adds to the 
content. And that's how we see it going up. in that ratio, as we move forward, it's both in the 
pass cars, as you mentioned, and also in the two wheeler side, as well. Even when we do 
business for buses or trucks also, the content goes up tremendously. 
 
Raghunandan NL : Thank you. So just a follow up to that. And before I go into my second 
question, just if you can give an indication how you're seeing this EV portion of business in 
MSWIL in terms of part of your future orderbooks, or I'm assuming currently, it's a negligible 
portion of your revenues. So in terms of the number of additions you're seeing to clients and 
for electric PV, CV as well as in two wheelers, 
 
Pankaj Mital: I would just say that we are there with most of the customers. So definitely you 
will see a lot of Motherson in all kinds of vehicles, including the EV vehicles, as they come in 
India. And as you rightly mentioned that it's a very nascent stage, the penetration of EV is a 
step by step on two wheeler side, you would be seeing still some content coming in with the 
subsidies and the support coming from the government on the pass car side, we are there for 
the buses as well. And we do see that we are there with the customers for the new platforms 
as they come. So as they come and as the volumes come, you will definitely see us there. 
 
Raghunandan NL : Thank you, sir. My second question was on the acquisition side, which 
you call the art. So a couple of queries relating to that number one is one of the objectives for 
the restructuring was that company could focus on certain segments. So within that wiring 
harness acquisitions, which you are evaluating, how are you looking at getting into the 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
passenger vehicle wiring harness in Europe or US, and secondly, being a powertrain neutral 
entity? You know, like, do you focus on remaining powertrain neutral? Or would you think of 
opportunities even on the, say, ICE side, if recommended by customers? 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Okay, thanks for that question. I think it's very important to realize 
that we have a very strong relationship with our joint venture partner, and that will continue 
we're actually the oldest Indian Japanese joint venture partnership there is, even in the past 
with PKC, you have to understand that Sumitomo is still there on the SAMIL side. And there 
is absolutely no issue whatsoever for us to grow in any wire harness segment. We do it through 
communication with route with complete transparency. And we have complete support of our 
partners in everything that we do. I think the second part was you talking about us getting into 
engine parts? Look, I think that's what we were talking about in the part of the presentation 
where I said, we really don't know where what the future is really going to hold depends on a 
lot of factors. And if you look at the car numbers, there is still 1.5 billion cars on the road today, 
that will need products that go into the engine for servicing for repair or maintenance. I mean, 
we only make about 85 million cars a year.  
 
So for the entire fleet of cars to be replaced, is still going to take 10-15 odd years for that to 
really happen in the best case scenario. So we see a lot of opportunities in there anywhere 
where we can see a 40% ROCE, the customer is again holding our hand, we see an 
opportunity to that Sure, we will definitely evaluate even those things because we do believe 
in the world where there is still space for ICE engines, of course, they will continue to become 
more efficient, less pollutant, as there is still more to happen over there. But if there is a good 
opportunity for us to drive 40% ROCE and growth, we will definitely establish it on our merits. 
So open mind and an open heart for all possibilities that are really out there and really no 
issues to go into any segment or any product.  
 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: And also I think Vaaman, the customer is driving the acquisition. So 
if the customer is saying do it, we are nobody to say no. Of course we will take the opportunity 
in the right spirit and make sure that it's Sustainable. 
 
Abhishek Agarwal:  Thank you so much for the lovely presentation. And I believe the movie 
can definitely be nominated for the Oscars. Just on the acquisition part, my question is slightly 
more medium to longer term, especially the newer businesses, which are looking to grow. 
 
Are the thresholds a little more, kind of more lenient? Or can you be a little more aggressive 
on the newer businesses, the medical or the aeronautics part? Or, you know, you look at 
everything at the same slate, especially because that's a newer verticals where you need to 
grow. Probably customers are there but not as much as on the automotive side. So 
 
or the other way to look at it is when you're evaluating, are there more acquisitions, which 
you're probably evaluating on some of the newer businesses versus the autos, where you're 
already deep rooted, etc, right now? 
 
Kunal Malani: I think the financial premise of acquisitions remain exactly the same, right? We 
don't want to go after it, if you're not able to see a line of sight to 40% ROCE. Obviously, in 
the set of evaluations, you did hear that, you know, we're inundated with the acquisition 
opportunities right now. You know, there are about two to three that come every day. And we 
really have a problem right now saying no, rather than saying yes. 
 
So in that scheme of, let's say, the opportunity set that exists, it's also about capital allocation. 
So, we would want to allocate capital wherever we can get the best returns. And hence that 
premise remains the same irrespective and at the same time, to achieve a 3CX10, we 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
obviously have to keep in perspective, what it is that we are acquiring, what is it that will lead 
to further level of diversity, there is also a target of 75-25, which is 75% of our business to be 
automotive 25 to be non-automotive. So these are parameters that are then considered in our 
evaluation as we're doing capital allocation. 
 
Abhishek Agarwal:  Sure, and just one added question, if I can ask is life post COVID, 
wherein, you know, there has been a lot of smaller guys who have kind of gone out of business, 
how do customers look at you as in do they now find you a little more preferred partners do 
they kind of do contracts, which are slightly more longer term, or probably it's just life back to 
usual and not so much has changed. 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Abhishek our pipeline is completely full, I think you, you saw that we 
are a partner of choice, because see the customers see longevity with us, we are not a 
financial partner that will come in, of course, bite opportunistically and then sell it, no, we will 
buy it, we will invest in it, we will grow it, grow together with our customers. And that's what 
they really want. One car platform lasts for five to seven years. So, you at least need to give 
it that much time for it to really show its true colours and what you can put into it. And the 
customers have seen so for example, with SMR, when we acquired it, it was Visiocorp-  500 
million top line is getting close to 2 billion now, that's happened through investment and growth 
for the customer together with the customer. And they're very, very happy with that they see 
the good job that we do there, SMP came along, and so forth and so forth. All the acquisitions 
that Motherson will do, will have the customer's blessing, will be directed either by the 
customer or be okayed by the customer for us to move forward. I showed you that in the slide 
on the, you know, the decision matrix. First one is customer, if the customer is supporting us 
standing behind us, no matter what it is, it could be a product that we have never done.  
 
We just acquired a company in Chennai, that's doing frames for Bharat Benz. We've never 
done that product before. But if the customers they're supporting us holding our hand, why 
not? And that's how we really make a success. And you know, we're the preferred choice of 
the carmakers, because we go in with an open mind. We give them solutions. And we are a 
partner for the long term. 
 
 
Amyn Pirani: Hi, this is Amin from JP Morgan. First of all, thank you for inviting us here and 
for the presentation. I think one of the things that I took from there, among the many other 
things was the green, orange and red classification that you put, very interesting frame to look 
at your profitability. 
 
So since you've given us the frame, you know, we'll also ask questions. 
 
The businesses in orange and red, like why are they there? Are they because they are mostly 
new acquisitions, and obviously it will take time, or are there businesses which are, you know, 
in a tough geography or in a component, which doesn't make margins inherently, so some 
color on that will actually help us, you know, evaluate how these things could move forward?  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Sure, I can start in the team can add on. Understand, I mean, that, 
you know, we always give you more information, we are careful about it, because we know, 
you're going to ask more and more questions. But still, I think it's important to be as transparent 
as we can. We acquire companies which are sick. At the same time, we're building 
Greenfields, at the same time, we have companies in geographies where a macroeconomic 
event happens or a currency plays havoc, while we try to mitigate all those risks, by being 
local, there's always some impact to the other, that's happening, you know, there could be a 
customer impact, there could be a whole bunch of things that happen.  

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
 
This is a live graph of all the units that are there, some are green fields, some are perhaps 
units that, you know, have had an impact, maybe volumes have not taken off on that particular 
program. That I mean, they could be variable reasons, there are some, obviously red plants 
that move towards yellow and green, we have a plan for that. Some that could be surprised 
shocks that come from Green back into yellow. The idea is that we keep constant focus on 
these plants. And I've kept that pulse live. So we don't classify them as facilities it is, you know, 
a greenfield or a new plant, or we have to solve that issue. Of course, Greenfield we know if 
as long as it's hitting its budget, it will move into the green, you saw a lot of those plants that 
have already moved into the green, yet there are 11, which are still there in yellow.  
 
So it's a part of life, you know, you will always have plants that are performing very well. And 
some plants, which for some reason or the other, you know, have certain small term issues. 
But we fundamentally do not shut plants, it's very easy to close the plant and walk away and 
said, Oh, we tried, it didn't work. No, we have a responsibility to the people, we have a 
responsibility to the customer. Whatever that effect is, we have to find a solution out of it. And 
that's an integral part of our DNA - never give up, we will keep focusing, I'm sure those 11 
units that you saw will also push to yellow and green and more challenges will come with some 
of those units dropped back to yellow and red. It's a constant process. But our endeavour is 
to keep pushing them into the green side. And those ones that are green, push them even 
higher into the green. And that's how we deliver a 40% ROCE. 
 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: We call that purple, purple heart ,purple colour- the units which are 
beyond 40% ROCE, we are introducing the fourth colour which is called Purple, you will start 
to see that in the next presentations, two years- three years from now. 
 
 
Hitesh Goel: Hi, this is Hitesh from CLSA.  My question is on EV versus ICE asset turns. And 
so you know, we have shown that we've seen the complexity of the product in EV especially, 
you know, like wiring harness and all, we've seen, so, just wanted to get a sense on the asset 
turns how does the asset turns you know, capex and density or R&D required in EV how does 
that vary between EV part versus ICE, wiring harness if we can take an example 
 
Pankaj Mital: See, it depends on a variety of reasons and projects, when you talk of asset 
turns, because in the very initial stage, when the volumes are very, very low, and if we have 
to make a specific investment in a specific location just for one customer, the asset turns and 
may look to be lower than regular one but it's not so, asset heavy. There are some specific 
processes which need to be built in and as we have, you have seen that what we have done 
on the low voltage side also a lot of work is done by us internally. Our engineering is very 
capable, and they are always continuously working on what is needed by the company in the 
next two, three years to find better cost structures of doing things by ourselves. So we're 
working together with partners to find better solutions. So, I personally feel that as the volumes 
are normalized, a normal volume should be there. It should be very good. 
 
Hitesh Goel: So, my question is more on the similar volumes.  
 
Pankaj Mital: We do not have very high asset turns days especially on the wiring harness 
side. And we do not see very high asset turns days for high voltages. 
 
Jay Kale: Hello, this is Jay Kale from Elara Capital. Thanks for the presentation as well as the 
product display earlier as well. My first question, you know, Motherson’s key strength 
historically has been, you know, your backward integration capabilities as well as increasing 
cross selling your products to different products to different customers. If you could just give 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
a, you know, broad direction of how the or value of Motherson components in a particular 
vehicle has moved over the last three, four years, and going forward, or what kind of scope 
further is there for cross selling, you know, in a couple of years back at mentioned that it's 
around 2 to 3% of the cost of the vehicle, Motherson products, how do you see that going 
forward in the next five to seven years? And how is that moved in the last five years just to get 
a direction of the opportunity of content increase? 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal:  Look, I think this definitely driving Motherson. We can go back and 
calculate all those things. But actually, it's quite decentralized, we give all the authority in the 
autonomy for the operating units to decide for themselves how much backward integration 
that they want to do. So for example, in this some places, we have done backward integration 
for the mirrors in producing our own glass factory, but in some other certain areas, we say, 
hey, it's more cost effective to source it from a from a different supplier. So that varies, I think, 
each company and each unit has its targets of how much more backward integration they want 
to do, what is the investments that they will require. And that all comes in the budgeting 
process, we do take your feedback, we will look at it from a consolidated level, and perhaps 
try to give you some more information on that in the future. But definitely, it's Motherson's drive 
to be able to, you know, strengthen our supply chain as much as possible. That's how the 
polymer division is really growing, because all of the small plastic parts are done by MATE. 
You know, and that helps to feed in for SMP, which is, you know, able to do the larger plastic 
parts and use the strength of our sister companies. So that's happening, even the tooling, we 
have our own tool rooms. We have eight tool rooms, which are really state of the art. So 
instead of buying a lot of tools from outside, we're endeavouring to bring out those tool 
purchases in house and setting up new tool room facilities as well. So  it is a constant effort, 
it is something that we have made progress on and we continue to make progress. And we 
take your feedback to give you more detailed numbers in the future.  
 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: But I think we all know, last two and a half years have been really lost 
years. So if you really go for five years, you won't really get the impact. I think, wait for another 
two for two and a half years, you will understand what I'm talking about. Because no matter 
what, you know 2019 December, when COVID hit our plants in China, we actually exported 
masks from Dubai, to China. And by three months, four months, China was exporting masks 
to the world, isn't it? So a lot of changes happened in the last two and a half years. But still, it 
is important for you to understand we're a ‘not yet company’ -  not yet company means are we 
doing it now? No. But tomorrow, for sure you're willing to pay for it, we'll do it for you. No 
issues. So in Motherson, we don't say no at all. But I think last five years how the content has 
gone the scene has gone you will all have an anomaly it may not give you the kind of figures 
that you're looking for. But all the other past five years we can share, do that numbers out 
there in the annual reports. But as Vaaman said, he'll do it for you 
 
Jay Kale: Thank you just one more question one of your slides you did mention on the EV 
versus ICE you also mentioned about bumpers, instrument panels etc content moving 3x even 
higher than mirrors which was around 1.4x. So, if you can just throw a little light on what exactly 
is changing so much and bumpers and door panels etc., that was such a big increase.  
 
Char Zwadinski (CEO, Modules and Polymer Products Division, Motherson):  All right, 
good. Thank you. Look, if we are talking about specifically bumpers while you do not see the 
direct impact on bumper Versa EV versus ICE but what we do see is that the facias are 
evolving and changing to accommodate this new technology the EV vehicles and with that the 
technology and value additions increases. On top of it, you also are going to see more value 
and content and more features mounted in those bumpers where in the past, you would be 
able to install sensors, radars, cameras, etc. directly in the bumper. Now you are going to be 
talking about putting this technology behind the facia, that it will require different, more 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
advanced materials that are going to allow the radiation to go through to detect the objects. 
All of that is going to create value addition and more money for our company.  
 
Now on interiors, again, we are very agnostic to that. Nevertheless, as the EVs are growing, 
you are going to also see penetration going towards autonomous driving, that change is going 
to very much change experience of how you're going to drive and sit in the car and with the 
interiors will have to catch up with that. Thank you. 
 
Kunal Malani: Look, if I might just add, just to bring it into perspective, while this is all about 
the content growth that we spoke about, not all of it is necessarily something we'll be making. 
But by being the Integrator as well, we do get access to a lot of this, and enables us to figure 
out the right time when we want to do vertical integration around those. So those are all 
additional opportunities that will keep coming up. As more and more content get featured into 
our into our product lines. 
 
Master of Ceremony: If anyone has any more questions, please raise your hands now. 
 
As it might come, sir, just a reminder, please do introduce yourself. There are a couple of lights 
here that really hard to see.  
 
Pramod Amthe: This is Pramod from InCred. So this is with regard to the order book 
increasing towards the EVs for international business. Can you just walk us through the 
experience in the sense how your partners either in terms of Sumitomo or PKC helped you to 
acquire this one? Second, as the content is increasing drastically for wiring harness will the 
R&D responsibility come over to you guys? And will it be an exciting opportunity in the next 5-
10 years? As the content is going up for wiring harness? Any thoughts on the same? 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal:  I'll answer the Orderbook question first. And then I'll pass to Pankaj 
Sir for the wire harness. On the order book, we're showing you the new orders which are not 
executed yet. So these orders will become zero in the next two years. This is our definition of 
order book that we have. That's how much because it was started maybe 100 million out of 
that maybe 1 billion, all depends on again, what the uptake of the customers is. What we're 
trying to show you is that the customer is awarding us with the new programs, even for electric 
vehicles, because we have the capability to further develop our components with the relevant 
technologies that they want to see on their electric vehicles. So these are again, bumpers, 
mirrors, dashboards, door trims, all SMRPBV parts that you are seeing in our order book, 
which again, with newer technologies, if you go to the experience zone, you go to the trend 
zone, you will see a lot of these new features which are coming up in these cars, and that 
much more prominent in the EV. Now again, goes to see how much of these will be sold as 
compared to the ICE. For us we're supporting both sides. But the whole idea of that is that 
look, our parts are still relevant, growing in content, and extremely strong and Orderbook as 
the customer is shifting towards EV. But then my caveat, let's see how these offerings really 
play out in the market. 
 
Pankaj Mital: You had a question on wire harness as to how the partners are helping us 
 
Pramod Amthe: As partners, and we have a responsibility as a in- house R&D. Because as 
the content is rising, right, you can add a lot of value to the customer. Will it be going to change 
as you progress more into EVs, or the next 10 years? 
 
Pankaj Mital: See, what happens is that definitely all partners are working together. PKC is 
not a partner. It's our own company. So we are just one family, all the members, all the 
engineering folks work together. So it's one team, what we learned from PKC in the very initial 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
time was since it was doing a rolling stock business, which meant doing high voltage 
harnesses for electric engine so the technology was evolving from there and how to join, how 
to combine and that has been running for years. So that was a very stable know how of putting 
the wires and the components together. 
 
And then that was translated into buses into trucks. What we have done together is for pass 
cars, for two wheelers, all the segments and this has been done by us, of course, all the 
partners including Sumitomo wherever there are needs for the Japanese carmakers, we are 
always working together and getting all the know how, as far as the R&D is concerned, 
definitely over a period of last two decades, we have our own product design capability, we 
are designing the products, we are working as best engineers, if the customer sites, we 
designed wiring harnesses, we design components, we are designing and developing junction 
boxes, we have our own tool room. So we do all this stuff together. Wherever the design is 
done by us, we are developing our own product, total responsibility definitely is ours, together 
with the customer where there is a core development, and where there is a build to print 
product, they are our responsibility in terms of manufacturability of the product that our product 
is manufactured as per the specs. That's how we work and continue to work in that sense. 
 
Manish Ostwal: Wonderful presentation and thank you for the opportunity. My name is 
Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang Securities. Sir, my question on the our non automotive 
business which we are indicating 25% will be this year from that business by 2024-25. So the 
first question is what is the total incremental capex in that business will be required to achieve 
that target? Number one, and number two in our in terms of customer addition, and the sales 
force to build that business- What are the initiatives? Can you talk about it a bit in detail?  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal:  Okay, thank you for that. Look, we are going to be opportunistic, for 
what the opportunities that present for the new verticals. I think the great example is what 
we’ve done with CIM Tools that was the aerospace company, we acquired it. And now it’s 
become a partner with Motherson. And together with the customer, the new orders that they’ve 
given us, we have configured, the relevant investments, as we make them for the new facilities 
have to drive towards 40%. ROCE as well. So everything remains the same any investment 
criteria that we take will depend on the business, will depend on the opportunity and has to 
show a direction towards 40%. Obviously, that’s not going to happen overnight, we’re going 
to have to make the investments we’ve invested in a new plant in Chennai, as this volume 
picks up, and again, we have to give it at least a five year period, we believe that this will trend 
closer to those 40% marks, 
 
You will see the total capex that we will spend as we announced it every single year, we gave 
you a guidance for last year, as these divisions are developing all the capex is within that limit, 
we will continue to give you guidance next year as well what we envisage the opportunities 
are and obviously acquisitions will supplement that on top. But any financial decision that we 
do take an investment has to hit our financial criteria. Even if we take a strategic one, it has to 
end towards that 40% in a particular time zone. And obviously for the different industries, we 
will have to take some you know some tinkering with that depending on the strategic 
opportunity, but largely that that holds strong. On the logistics on the interior side, that’s the 
same we’re looking at building our own competencies in house putting investments in that will 
drive better efficiencies, better profitability for our group, more consolidation should result in 
better profitability. And again, that 40% mark should be hit in a period of time. So there is no 
change for the new verticals, in terms of what we want in terms of ROCE for all the investments 
that we do make.  
 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: And also please don't forget this is not a this five year plan. The 
seeding  was done the last five year plan and it draws a tremendous amount of power from 

 
 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 
             December 03rd, 2022 
 
 
existing for example, CIM Tools Motherson, they do a lot of machining, we are already making 
tools ourselves. So there is a lot of synergy that you may not be able to just see directly but 
all the seeding that we've done these particular for projects that have come for new projects 
that have come, there you will see that the originate the power really comes from Motherson, 
existing plants. So the capex and all that are is not such a big thing. Unless a big thing is 
happening in that company, which we love. Why not? We will do it. 
 
Kaushal Maroo: Hi, this is Kaushal Maroo from DSP mutual fund. So in over the last two, 
three decades, the business world has changed a lot. We have been getting into new 
geographies into new business verticals, have you ever considered that if we dilute the 
benchmark from 40% to 30%, it will be easier for us to grow the way we want to grow. 
 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Motherson is known for big, ambitious targets. So why not? I do keep 
telling them FPR which means 40% ROCE. The day you'll achieve 40% I'll change the F again, 
I'll call 50%. ROCE. So I think we have to be aggressive. And it changes the mindset of the 
team. Unbelievably, you cannot imagine. I still remember some of my friends here. When we 
were taking over SMR, Visiocorp at that time. They said in India, how much of the businesses 
is in India. I said 2%. They said it's impossible for you to make a 40% ROCE, they asked us 
to dilute to 20% and then grow from there. And we said no. And in two years, three years, the 
heroes sitting here Mr. Char who was at that time looking at the SMR thing. But they move-  
they came to 38%. 98% of the business was from outside. The concept which never why 
taught us at that time. It took us six months to understand 40% ROCE, how to calculate it. But 
we liked that particular idea so much and appreciated his teaching to us that we today give it 
as a minimum benchmark. First is 40% of FPR. FPR means 40% ROCE. From 40 it will go to 
50 and then 60 
 
Master of Ceremony: If anyone else has any questions, please raise your hand. I do want to 
remind everyone that you will get an opportunity to discuss a lot of things with a lot of senior 
management, even for the rest of the day. Any question that you would not want an answer 
to right now? Good to go. No questions. Great, everybody. Thank you again for all these great 
questions, and also great answers. Thank you again for all your time. And thank you for these 
great questions. 
 
 
Safe Harbour : The transcript has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the 
transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any 
edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at website of the company, This discussion contains based on the currently held 
beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can may include 
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, 
which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, 
financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability 
to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document 
should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other 
investigations as they deem necessary. 
