 
 
PTC India Financial Services Ltd. (CIN: L65999DL2006PLC153373) 
(A subsidiary of PTC India Limited) 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Telephone Exchange Building, 8 Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi - 110 066, India      
Board: +91 11 26737300 / 26737400 Fax: 26737373 / 26737374, Website: www. ptcfinancial.com, E-mail:  info@ptcfinancial.com 
 
Dated: December 12, 2022 
To 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code : 533344 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Symbol : PFS 
 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of transcripts of Audio recording of the Investor & Analyst Meet on the financial 
results for Q1&Q2 FY 2023, pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
 
In continuation of our letter dated December 06, 2022 in respect of Investor & Analyst Meet on the 
financial results for Q1&Q2 FY 2023 in terms of regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find 
the transcripts of Audio recording of the Investor & Analyst Meet on the financial results for Q1&Q2 FY 
2023.   
 
This is also available on the Website of the Company at www.ptcfinancial.com. 
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
       
Shweta Agrawal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosed: as above 
SHWETA 
AGRAWAL
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA AGRAWAL 
Date: 2022.12.12 
20:52:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
- Q2FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Date & Time: December 5, 16:00 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Dr.  Pawan Singh 
MD & CEO, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
Mr. Vijay Singh Bisht 
Executive Vice President, Head Debt Cell, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
Mr. Sanjay Rustagi 
Senior Vice President and Head Finance, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
Mr. Sitesh Sinha 
Senior Vice President and Head Credit, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
Mr. Abhinav Goyal 
Vice President, PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Dec 05, 2022 
 
Abhinav Goyal
Very good afternoon to all valuable investor and analysts. So today we are 
having a much-awaited physical meet. We would be having our management 
team to address us. So, before we start, I request our MD and CEO Dr. Pawan 
Singh to come over dais. I request Mr Vijay Singh Bisht our executive director 
to come over dais. I request Mr. Sanjay Rustogi our Chief Financial Officer to 
please come forward.  
 
I am Abhinav Goyal heading the Investor Relation function for PTC India 
Financial Services. Today we are having a small presentation for you. I am 
just moving forward. So, this is how our presentation will go, this is at a glance. 
We are green sustainable infra company having a market capitalization of 
more than 1,000 cr. which is increasing with the passage of every day and in 
H1FY23 we cross a sanction of Rs 1,000 cr, we did a disbursement of over 
Rs 1,000 cr also. Our debt equity ratio is very much comfortable, debt equity 
is slightly over two only. We have been rated by three leading rating agencies 
of the company. Crisil, ICRA & Care,   all have rate A+. with developing / 
negative implication / negative outlook , we are trying to restore our rating to 
stable outlook probably by end of January, then we will take it up for further 
upgradation This are quarterly snapshot. Our CFO will explain in more detail 
at latter part of this presentation. This is our business, mission and values. 
So, we have been supported by a team of around 50 professionals. We have 
listed on both NSE and BSE, having a PAT of Rs 100 cr in H1FY23 and 
having asset base of around Rs 8,000 cr. This is our management outlook. 
So, I request from here our MD & CEO Dr Pawan Singh to please take it. 
Over to you sir.
Dr Pawan Singh
Thank you.  
This is much awaited meeting we were waiting for a long time. We have been 
able to complete our Q4FY22 result of last financial year and now Q1 and Q2 
of the current year and we are up to date. A lot of things which I just wanted 
to share because the results have come and of course our CFO will take you 
through numbers, but I will just tell you that a couple of things of the pattern 
and trend which the company is going to move henceforth. So, if you have 
seen that another one that our stress asset resolution has, net of all provisions 
is around Rs.250 crores for which also we have some resolution plans. We 
are hopeful of resolving these very soon and it is also part of our performance 
which we have communicated to everywhere. So first the credit cost cycle is, 
over that cost which entirely came from our legacy assets, thermal and hydro 
that is behind us. Our thermal asset group also has come down to a single 
digit, balance stress thermal assets we have resolution plan which along the 
corner, hopefully by end of fourth quarter or the next year we hope to become 
a zero of thermal company. We are committed to as the globe is moving 
towards, Net zero. 
 
By 2070. there are other developed economies in the European economy 
who have to become net zero before 2030. They have said that by 2070. We 
have our own challenges and we want to be net zero. That is going to be a 
major retransition for Indian economy and just to give you one example of 
other things just to give you an example that today we have roughly 150 
gigawatts of renewable energy in the country and by 2030 the plan is to reach 
a figure of 2,500 gigawatt so the kind of potential which is available will be 
renewable. 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Dec 05, 2022 
 
But a lot of things new areas in green finance has also propped up for 
example E-mobility we had mentioned about it. Now it is having more than a 
holistic rate of a role for which we will be hoping. 
 
To get participate not just a role in immobility financing, we also hope to 
capture, because of, our presence and focus in the sector. The very sooner 
to announce like blending of ethanol, they have made that there to have at 
least 10 to 15% ethanol in the conventional fuel for an auto industry, similarly 
for manufacturing industry is proposing a very smooth that should be a model 
stating that a certain percentage of whatever ammonia is used, between 
green hydrogen a certain percentage. That Is going to be another area where 
we will be able to participate. 
 
From generating power plants or solar generating power plants or sanitation 
power plants which will be able to be want to be part of, we have prepared 
ourselves. We are forcing this to happen away from carbon type of lending to 
a green kind of our objective is to become green sustainable infrastructure 
finance company and cleaning of balance sheet. We also have been able to 
maintain our operating margins model. So, you'll find that our operation has, 
certainly, been doing well and it has better coverage quarters and we hope to 
maintain operational margins in the future. The trade on our balance sheet 
was primarily the credit cost of the project almost behind us that we have 
resolution for whatever limited which we have to take out of our balance sheet 
very quickly and we will continue to be focusing these areas. Also, we would 
like to augment ours, other very basic advisories we have. last year was a 
challenging year, especially for us in several respects. We had come out with 
the COVID challenge, had the problem of certain visions. I don't want to go 
into resignations but for certain reasons the idea that is right. And because of 
that the business came to standstill because my board was not constituted 
for that time and my board was constituted not clear as to whether this board 
will be doing proper operation. So that is almost two quarters for us, was wash 
out for PFS. We hope to make up that and we thought of second quarter. We 
did try to somewhat we have made sanctions. Third quarter, we hope to pick 
up further quite a bit. We have a robust model. We hope to cross that very 
soon. We hope to give a decent ROA and decent return on net worth going 
forward. The good news is that we have. very very competent, independent 
directors in our board who had come for a same period, also part of the board, 
because there was no clarity as to what role they will play. One way who are 
committed to the company which is possibility of the company chosen the 
board members because the past fortunately or unfortunately the choice of 
directors was not so much required of business. Three new directors which 
have come are very close to our business in some way or others. And one of 
has been the chairman of the largest bank. She also was ED of one of the 
largest banks of India. The other person is a chartered accountant who was 
the director of finance of India's largest NBFC. So, it will bring lot of 
experience lot of exposure in international borrowings quite a bit. So, he's 
right our vote from extract dependents of PFC he's in our vote and very rich 
experience achieved. And we have taken one Indian secretary to government 
of India. She was in charge of secretary department of public enterprises. So, 
her job was to have oversight. 
 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Dec 05, 2022 
 
Of corporate governance of all India’s of the 200 companies’ sectors. She has 
had very strong bandwidth of corporate governance. We have been able to,  
despite the challenge, we have been able to. Our networks hope to continue 
to give, kind of incremental margins in future also. And I will request my CFO 
to take you through detailed numbers 
Abhinav Goyal
So, moving further to it's our purpose. So, we are here, we are for financing 
the environment sustainable green project with not only served to the 
economy but also to the environment, to our generations to come. To 
contribute in a way for providing clean air to us, in a way to provide clean 
water to us, in a way to provide clean environment to our children and so on. 
So, these are our broad product and services so we do debt financing we are 
a NBFC -  infrastructure finance company we do fee-based services whereas 
we issue a letter of comfort to various borrowers for having further credit 
facilities and we do advisory services to  others, who has to have their 
optimum structure and optimum value addition in their business. These are 
the key functions of the company right from interest rate mechanisms to 
corporate development and strategies there are broadly ten functions in which 
our functioning is working. Every function is supported by a professional 
having decades of experience then it is a business model right from robust 
credit appraisal to adequate liquidity in our system. Our CFO will explain at 
latter part of this presentation. And this is how we are unique. So, we are 
probably, I should say only infrastructure finance company presently active in 
the country which is providing such a long-term finance to a sustainable green 
infrastructure project and we are navigating through the next strategy and we 
are having a very robust risk mechanism and a market risk management. This 
can be perceived from the fact that in last four or five years whatever we are 
saying shows the creditability, the strengthening in our system we are 
marching towards the carbon neutral or sustainability we are committed to 
contribute a lot towards the India target of net zero emissions. These are our 
key lenders and the list keep increasing with the passage of every quarter.  
 
We are already in discussion with a couple of new lenders probably next time 
when we will be meeting; there would be two more names. These are our 
marquee clients just like in lender, this list also keeps increasing with the 
passage of every quarter. Right now, we are having an additional project of 
around Rs 5,600 cr at various stages of sanction and this is the part which 
probably you all are looking very eagerly, so I request our CFO to take it 
forward 
Sanjay Rustagi
Good evening. I'm just giving you the briefs about the financials. This is for 
the pertaining to Q1 and Q2 of FY23. So, first of all, I would like to yes, first 
of all, I would like to say that for an NBFC company, the liquidity is a backbone 
and in case if you have a sufficient liquidity, and you have the line of credits 
available, you have a potential to grow. So as of now I'm just giving a brief 
about the ALM statement. The blue line shows the total inflows, the grey line 
shows the total outflow and there is a cumulative mismatch which is a positive. 
So as of November, we have a liquidity close to Rs 1,200-1,250 cr and as per 
the RBI guidelines where NBFC has to keep a certain amount of cash as per 
the HQLA requirement, high quality liquid assets. So, against those 
requirements of Rs 525 cr we are having around Rs 1,245 cr and excess 
liquidity will be used for the disbursement in the coming quarter. And again, 
the key balance sheet indicators the loan sanctioned in the first half of this 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Dec 05, 2022 
 
financial year we have sanctioned close to Rs 1,160 crore of loans and the 
disbursement is Rs 1,061 crore. This is keeping in mind in the first quarter we 
have sanctioned the nil sanction of the loan amount and disbursement is only 
Rs 20 odd crores in most of the part which we have done in the second 
quarter and going forward we are in the line to keep the momentum up with 
respect to the loan book. The loan book, as on September, is Rs 7,500 cr has 
come down a little bit because of the certain prepayments and the small 
amount of the sanction and disbursement and we are confident that we will 
be able to make up the lost ground , and will be around Rs 8,600 cr at the 
end of the March we will be able to cover this by December or maximum and 
we will over cross this by the March 23. The capital adequacy as of today is 
31.74%. It is well above the regulatory requirement of 15% and as the end of 
the March 22 it was 26.71%. So, it is significant and it give us a headroom for 
the further growth. It's about the net interest income yield on the loan so net 
interest income for the Rs 170 cr against Rs 169 cr the net interest income is 
we have crossed as compared to the previous year six months number. The 
yield on the earning portfolio is 10.754% and the interest spread has it is 
around 3.05% and the internet interest margin is 4.28% if we see with respect 
to the quarter on quarter so it was 2.98% in the June quarter, it was 2.92% in 
the March quarter and it's coming up as 3.12%. So, there is a significant 
consistent growth in the interest spread and the earning per share is also 
increasing. It's 0.39 paisa for the quarter in March and then Rs 0.79 and Rs 
0.82 paisa per share. The cost of income ratio is consistent around 12.24%. 
The cost to equity ratio is 2.38% and the return on the net worth is 9.9% the 
return of the assets. So if you see quarter and quarter the company has made 
a significant progress and the profit if we talk about the profit the profit for the 
March quarter was Rs 24.98 cr and in the June quarter it's Rs 50.56 cr, it's 
almost double and then there is a consistent Rs 52.86 cr for the September 
quarter on a half year basis previous year we made a net profit of Rs 98.7 cr 
which has increased to Rs 103.22 cr it is in spite of a decrease in the loan 
book size due to prepayments but we are confident to make the similar profit 
or the more profit in the quarter sooner. It’s an operational performance. So, 
I would like to call our credit head who will give a synopsis on the loan 
outstanding he's Mr Sitesh Sinha and the credit head. 
Sitesh Sinha
Thank you.  
If you see that figure our book size was Rs. 8651 at the end of year, which 
has been reduced to Rs. 7165 at the quarter one end mainly because of we 
could not do any incremental sanction and we could do very few amount of 
disbursement like Rs. 19 crores, subsequently we have picked up the growth 
and in Q2 we have done sanction of Rs.1160 crore. Out of that we have 
disbursed Rs. 1041 crore. With that our Q2 book size has been increased to 
Rs. 7528 crores. And as on Q2 if you see the maximum our exposure in the 
renewal sector for which for last ten years PFS is targeting this sector. And 
our MD has also said that our endeavour to go for green sustainable infra 
financing. So, this sector will continue our major thrust, that in March 2022 it 
was 33% which has been increased to 35% by September 22 in the number 
it is close to Rs. 3000 crore was at the March but in September to Rs. 2351 
core outstanding and next bigger sector in infra we have sanctioned the Road 
project which is under hybrid annuity model (HAM) where the post operations 
and annuity risk is not there. Out of that sector we have outstanding of 
Rs.1224 it has been close to 16.27% quarter to quarter and it has been 
gradually increased from 14% to 16%. Next as we have focused our area is 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Dec 05, 2022 
 
towards the green financing in the sustainability. Primarily we have 
sanctioned two type of resources 1) is the water infrastructure and water 
treatment, we have sanctioned under the Namami Gange scheme which is a 
sovereign guarantee kind of scheme. And second, we have funded is the E-
mobility as Abhinav has stated that we are the first lender o sanction more 
than Rs. 300 crores in Uttar Pradesh under the Fame II policy government of 
India. That project is operational. It has been subsequently prepaid and we 
are again looking for same type of projects which is under detailed due 
diligence. Then another is our area of funding, is state power utility. Which is 
if you see the number, there is no significant increase in numbers compared 
to march 22 of Rs 2500 crore has become 2864 crore. Only incremental 
number is Rs 300 crores with 29% exposure in the March 22 now it has been 
increased to 38%. Majorly because denominator has been drastically 
reduced. But going by March 23 will decrease this number. During last six, 
seven years we have not seen on any single day delay from this state power 
utility out of this 2864 crore, more than Rs 1202 crore are the transmission 
company, which are the A rated company by Ministry of power and REC. And 
the best thing is that we are paying attention for last more than two years 
marching towards a zero-carbon finance company our exposure in thermal 
has been reduced from 2 digit to single digit in March 22. With this we have 
the sector exposure next slide which comes in the percentage I already told 
along with the number and the future we have the pipeline of more than 5000 
crores in that most of the areas towards the highest number is transmission 
again the private sector and more than 500 crores of the E-Mobility and 
another infrastructure we have. Port and water infra waste of energy. So, with 
this I hand over to Mr Abhinav
Abhinav Goyal 
Thanks you, Sir. So if you look at our cost of fund, it has constantly improved 
quarter on quarterly basis. And although we are at a stage we have not taking 
fresh borrowing yet in coming quarter further improvement is expected. Yes, 
we are working hard. So, the next improvement, major improvement, I need 
to say will happen when there would be an increase in the credit rating of the 
company. So, our team is dedicated refocusing working towards that 
direction. So, these are the stage three stress accounts. Request our 
Executive Director to elaborate on this.  
Vijay Singh Bisht 
Thank You  
Larger NPA accounts are already taken care. And in case of Danu  it is not 
NPA but it is a stress account. That’s the reason it is being classified here. 
But yes, here also we are having a resolution. Now in this project the 
APDISCOM  was not releasing payments for the project. But now there is a 
scheme under which the central government has started releasing directly to 
the TRA of this particular account. And we have also started receiving 
payment from APDISCOM also and shortly it would become a standard loan 
account. There is a possibility, I can’t assure at this moment, but yes, there is 
a possibility, If the money comes to us as been expected considering the 
latest development Now as we get to other accounts. 
 
So, as you see that most of the stress accounts are already been provided 
for… also we are having an OTS offer from one of the borrower and   we are 
discussing for having a better offer from the borrower. So, in case that 
happens, there would be a reversal      stress on the portfolio is on reducing 
trend over a period of time. So is gross NPA. However, the position is not 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Dec 05, 2022 
 
being clear the way it has been improved.  The reason being that there is a 
decline in our portfolio. because of which the reduction is not visible. We were 
expecting the business to grow however, we were not able to do to the extent 
we were expecting. But, yes, in the time to come, we are having a target of 
having very comfortable growth and reduction in net NPAs. And we are quite 
hopeful that there will not be any major stress in coming times.  
There is a social responsibility also for any organization. So, for us also, we 
are doing a lot of good CSR projects which are being appreciated across the 
government sector and by the society as well. We are contributing giving back 
to the society during covid-19 tough time. We are contributing to reduce 
stubble burning in the state of Haryana and Punjab as because stubble 
burning there is issue of pollution across Delhi NCR. So, we are contributing 
a lot to this particular area. We are contributing to other areas also.  
So, our market capitalization of Rs 1,140 crores by 2nd of December today it 
should increase 5% then this is a performance of charts for performance of 
our install and these are our major stakeholders as of 30th September. This 
is our new board. So, as been mentioned by a respectable MD Sir, we are 
having three new IDs. She is MD corporation bank. And before that She was 
Executive Director Canara Bank. Another is Ex Director Finance – Power 
Finance Corporation and third one is Ex- Secretary, Government of India.  
Dr. Pawan Singh
This is the brief presentation given by my team. We are having huge 
investments opportunities to fund in sunshine sectors, likely E- Mobility, waste 
management, renewable power among others. WE would like to be more 
participative, my team and I would be happy to answer the query of our 
esteemed audience. 
Audience : 
At the outset. Indeed.  Particularly, let me say hats off to you. You have done 
a wonderful job. All channel checks show you are a very straightforward and 
honest person. We used to have interactions before pandemic. In BKC.  And 
We used to interact with most of the board Members online offline, of the 
heads of you. And your profile in the power. Sector heads of you. And our 
request to you is to Keep Up the courage and don't give up. we’re afraid about 
that you may resign power or go to another power sector company. Say your 
system and power sector is in a rising phase. Maybe you elaborate more, but 
I'm referring to some issues which have happened over. The last couple of 
years you mentioned. Between a line inadequacy, mismatching of 
responsibility. That is a very polite way. There is much more to it.  
What has happened is actually collusion of IDs. IDs don't quit this way one. 
At a time is okay how can all collude? That means you are putting some 
credentials regulations which are not in your hands or not in your hands so 
keep it up. And I wonder what is your duration of term remaining. It's very 
important for us because we believe there are some people trying to vest it 
into interest and we are also worried about if any new person come next to 
the, prove it right, do the wrong people. Right. This is one for you. 
And another thing especially for you. Hats off on transparency I'll come to 
question later. Stage three. You gave account by account. Very few 
companies give this. In fact, I'm underway. Company gives openly Said, these 
are the accounts. And of course, what they say, we could see because I said, 
and like you answered, this means we can take something else. Very, very 
transparent, very, very clear. This is what is expected from our CFO. One 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Dec 05, 2022 
 
more point to introduce the team. What about the company secretary? See 
here that's okay in this particular. Issue you had one company secretary we 
did not know him, interact with him because of overtime who supported you? 
I believe we have gone through in fact I was telling. Over 80% on. 1100 page 
pages report by auditor. Over 80% line by line including management 
response the way it is done and the company stood by you by sending emails 
to the forensic auditor the way it was done had talked to him  
I wonder. I believe he left. That’s okay. He still is a company and what's. The 
date That’s people I believe he Is a good folks still now. He should be awarded 
as the best compliance officer in the country. Without knowing.  
I'm just showing based on the substance. 1100 pages I have to still to read 
200 pages because we often read on. The laptop and the signal take insights 
over 80%. And we have seen his response the way he does. It takes a lot of 
tenacity and courage to do it. And luckily, I was wondering if he shifted. But 
we don't know. In fact, we should we get a highest possible promotion or 
reward on certain missions. And you we have heard about you.  
In fact, I was telling our friend IR in dialogue I was telling him we know him 
for last 30 years. We would like to have one on one with you? There are lots 
of issues, but I was a part of perception study. One Mr. Person called me up 
done by BCC about a few In fact, in a positive way we gave suggestion and 
it just happened months back and we took it up in all positive way. When I 
came to know about this meets couple of days back. This is the main first 
thing I said let me leave credit goes to you. Of course, we'll take on the 
question. You did not mention about anything about a dividend. Our NBFCs 
are known to give dividend, interim, dividend you should give whatever you 
give, whether it is Rs1 or ten paisa it will send a strong signal on corporate 
domain. Whether 100 paise, 50 paise or ten paise. You do and you need to 
give it. 
You need to give it PTC. Is that right? I was looking at both. They gave us 
dividend. I think they went to another interim. It is a silver jubilee come in 25 
years, right? Possibly much more thing will come and there are lots of things 
to be. Clarified, lots of things. It's all nonsense which is going on being big 
deal. Instead, they are waiting for. When your company is doing on the 
strongest take-off group of companies as they both are on a take-off phase. 
There's a lot of misinformation going on. In spite of every clarification because 
very few people take the efforts to study. 
Do a deep dive and do it to it. I hope this interaction and one on one you do 
you get a lot of very clear. Whatever day you want to give rating in a buy, out 
performance, etc. But this one thing is dividend has to come and don't wait 
for that. Anybody who opposes you, opposes dividend, is opposing you. It is 
the strongest sign of prosperity. So, another thing this is basically my views I 
thought you needed another thing is basically there is a lot of uncertainty 
about whether there will be consolidation. 
Somebody will take over whatever. But ultimately the company itself has a 
strong fundamentals and price future. So, I wonder if you can get. Some 
insights on that. This worries employees also. So, some clarity is required and 
look at other questions I would like. To impact on the future. But I wish your 
company on it. Thank you also for the good words, do not speak for myself. 
Good words you have spoken about. 

PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Dec 05, 2022 
 
Dr. Pawan Singh :
As Far as a business ownership of business. Let me make it very clear. As 
we expand the business, we will require all the independent characters we 
might. Simultaneously, told that we cannot hold boat. Boating with or without 
a difference, so we could not hold boat. Subsequently they have said that IDs 
will come here. Meanwhile, what happened is that our statutory Auditor, 
because he has been auditing it a single complication but everybody was 
trying, insisted for forensic audit. To take sense of COVID concerns with this 
proposal of statutory auditor. Also, what happened is that the promoter IDs 
were appointed, I will go to the part and taken, but lastly, they were appointed. 
It means that the promoter existing IDs will come.  
With a limited purpose, very clearly defined purpose that they (new Ids) will 
come and to form the communities, that they will start a new board and after 
the board start operation, they will went back. That was the purpose. So, they 
were here for a while. Because of this forensic audit, they stayed. Since the 
forensic audit was completed, we have inducted our new board members and 
new board has come that's only these IDs have to go.  
All our audit findings, we have, but there was a view, we had our own views 
on the matter looks like that they were not so comfortable, they were taking 
the road title. They were trying to who was the partnership they are not known 
so we are surprised. We know they do not have any competence. That should 
happen very shortly, because they have written and forensic audit.  
We have addressed every point in forensic audit. Our forensic auditor himself 
was not clear on few of the subjects and have assumed the possibility and 
guesswork at lot of places instead of mentioning facts. Our issues are now 
behind us and we are looking forward for having growth path. Let me assure 
you to deliver our best in coming quarter, we are quite hopeful to be benefitted 
with the new independent directors who are having high domain knowledge. 
Our team is passionate to perform which can be witnessed from the fact of 
healthy pipeline, we created.  We are having very strong robust system, right 
from selection of loan proposal to final disbursement and recovery. Our team 
not only have close tab on the performance of each of our borrower but also 
take appropriate measures in timely manner to address the stress, if any 
expected from any particular project funded by us. We are now have very 
good experience both in doing business and resolution of issues and quite 
hopeful to have remarkable performance in coming quarters.  
We will adhere to best corporate governance and our board has mandated to 
engage a leading consultant to improve the process and provide suggestions.  
We are committed to see PFS as a clean green, sustainable infrastructure 
Finance company. 
 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability. 
