
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Dolphin Offshore Enterprises India Ltd. Analyst  
Conference Call” 
 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NAVPREET SINGH – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
DOLPHIN OFFSHORE ENTERPRISES INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. SATPAL SINGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR, DOLPHIN 
OFFSHORE 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good evening and welcome to the 
Analyst Conference Call hosted by Dolphin Offshore 
Enterprises India Ltd. For the financial year ended March 
31, 2013. As a reminder, for the duration of the conference, 
all participants’ lines are in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of 
today's presentation. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Navpreet Singh of Dolphin 
Offshore Enterprises India Ltd. Thank you and over to you. 
Navpreet Singh 
Thank you. Good afternoon everybody. I am pleased to 
welcome you to our conference call for the year ended 31st
The first is that our turnover during this current year on a 
stand-alone basis has increased from 203 crores last year to 
352 crores whereas profits basically have remained the same 
at 14.83 as compared to 15.26 after tax. The main reason for 
this is again being that competition is stiff so although we 
have been able to get more work profitability has been under 
a lot of pressure. However good thing for us during this year 
 
March 2013. Our results were declared on Monday so I think 
everybody has had really time to go through them. I am not 
going to read out all the results but I just like to highlight a 
couple of points. 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
is that our subsidiary companies basically Dolphin Offshore 
Shipping and Dolphin Offshore Mauritius have also had 
good years. Vessels that were owned by these companies 
were put to use right through the year and we have been able 
to generate significant income and profits from these 
companies. Consequently we were able to nearly double our 
turnover on a consolidated basis from 233 crores last year to 
430 crores but more importantly on an overall basis the net 
profit after tax increased from 4.29 crores to 47.11 crores. 
Going forward from here we do expect that the subsidiary 
companies will have a significant contribution both in 
turnover and profitability of the group. 
I am now turning this conference open for any questions that 
you may have. Mr. Satpal Singh, our Managing Director is 
also here to answer any questions that you may have on the 
operations or the marketing of the company, the market 
scenario etc. and of course I will  handle answer any 
questions that may come up on the financials. So I now 
welcome any questions that you may have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-
and-answer session. We have our first question from the line 
of Mr. Saurabh Jain from Sushil Finance, please go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain 
Hello.  Congratulations for another good set of numbers. I 
have few questions. To begin with could you please provide 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
me with current order book, the executed portion, orders 
received during the quarter and their execution period? 
Secondly during the last con-call I remember you told us 
about submitting tenders for EPC project and you were also 
about to submit for three more such tenders which you 
talked like much bigger than the last EPC project from 
ONGC. So any updates on that? 
And finally updates on the construction barge and DP/DSV 
that we were looking to acquire and Vikrant Dolphins 
Extension and the JV which you were talking about during 
the last con-call.  Thanks, that’s all from my side 
Satpal Singh 
The answer to your first question as to what is the initial 
order book going forward into this current financial year it 
stands at 116 crores. The bulk of which is comprised of the 
OGIP contract which is currently nearing completion. We 
have finished about 92% of the project as of today. There 
haven’t been any significant new orders in the last quarter 
because as you are aware this is the fag end of the season 
and these new tenders all begin to come around at this stage 
for work to start post monsoon. We have submitted as you 
pointed out a major EPC contract to ONGC which we 
submitted in consortium with the ShriRam Group that tender 
is presently under evaluation. 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
The three additional tenders that are due to come up from 
ONGC for revamp projects has still not yet been floated 
though clearance have been obtained by the ONGC Board 
for these tenders to be invited in a progressive manner over 
the next three - four months. 
As far as the vessels are concerned the Vikrant Dolphin 
contract continues up till October this year. They have one 
year extension as you are aware but as of now that extension 
has not been availed off. It is little premature. We expect that 
they will extend the contract as the law permits them to keep 
the vessels there for a maximum period of two years without 
changing flag and our client has presently several contracts 
in hand for platform maintenance work which will require 
ongoing deployment of the vessel. 
We have identified the DP/DSV. We have identified another 
construction barge. As of this moment we have not 
proceeded yet with the acquisition. ONGC has recently 
announced that they are coming out with a tender for Charter 
hire of an MSV for a period of 5 years and we will dovetail 
our acquisition to meet that particular specification. 
The DP/DSV that we were looking at replacing the Seamec-
1 has been identified but it would be appropriate to acquire 
the vessels only towards the end of September since in the 
interim period there has been no deployment opportunity. 
Was there any other question of yours unanswered? 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Saurabh Jain 
That’s all from my side? Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question from the line of Maulik Patel 
from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Maulik Patel 
Good afternoon.  Just a macro question we will government 
CCIS cleared almost 25 NELP block which were stopped 
due to various reasons and now there is minimum work 
program or exploration activities will start so will you 
benefit out of that or what’s you are reading on these news 
items and the impact on our Dolphin’s business? 
Satpal Singh 
Every time any NELPs licenses awarded for new offshore 
blocks there is a typical program that sits in motion. The first 
is to carry out seismic surveys to identify the high yield 
zones, second is to conduct a drilling program and the third 
is then to develop the locations where oil or hydrocarbons 
have successfully been found and finally to carry on 
production. While we are not involved in the seismic surveys 
some of our vessels can be used in and have been used to 
provide support services. So that’s more of marine logistics 
activity, opportunity for the company. 
Once drilling operation starts our services only come in the 
form of  some sea support, provision of may be anti-handling 
tugs which is our marine activity and in the event of damage 
to rigs then further repair of rigs. Our main role will come 
once the fields have been located and the development plan 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
has been set in motion at which stage we will get involved in 
the offshore construction, it could be onshore fabrication, it 
could be QC controls, it could be procurement, it could be 
offshore installation, laying of pipelines, supporting pipeline, 
laying offshore hookup and commissioning. And thereafter 
when production starts we will provide the full range of our 
services for maintenance and operation. 
Maulik Patel 
Okay so probably you may not see significant benefit 
coming at least in the near term till the time there is some 
major discoveries which will start corner the development 
mode. 
Satpal Singh 
That’s right. So to give you an example, GSPC discovered a 
major gas find of the east coast of India and it was quite a 
few years back. The development stage is only now coming 
to fruition inactively involved in the hookup and 
commissioning of the offshore platforms working as a 
subcontract to L&T. And yes this license was awarded 
almost 6 years ago so that is the kind of the timeline to get to 
this stage. 
Maulik Patel 
Yeah I am aware about that.  That’s it, that’s all. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rupen Masalia 
from RN Associates. Please go ahead. 
Rupen Masalia 
Good afternoon.  Congratulations for the good sets of 
number.  Sir I have a few questions. Firstly it’s for Mr. 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Satpal. Basically I just want to know the overall market 
scenario like the competition intensity for a Greenfield and 
Brownfield type of projects and one bid which you would 
have put in consortium with Shriram Group. Is it for a new 
platform or for some sort of revamping work? 
Satpal Singh 
The answer to your last question is, it is entirely a revamp 
project for the BPA-BPB process platform with a few 
associated well platforms. So it is an existing platform that 
requires 
upgradation, 
some 
new 
equipment, 
some 
replacement of cranes and stuff like that. But this scenario is 
for the last two years as you are aware the market has seen a 
downturn in terms of margins largely because the work in 
the Middle East had come to not a standstill but dropped 
dramatically. As a result of which a lot of international 
companies have been dumping prices and bidding 
aggressively in the Indian market. So over a period of about 
a year-and-a-half all these new contracts of ONGC which 
was one market which hasn’t come down what we call it as 
by the international players. The Middle East market is now 
going through a boom period. Saudi Aramco, for instance, 
has declared a desire to enhance production by 1 billion 
barrels of oil a day. UAE, Abu Dhabi is doing the same thing 
and so is Qatar to try and expand the recovery of the gas 
field that they share common with Iran. Because of all of this 
suddenly there is a tremendous spurt of work in the Middle 
East so those companies are now concentrating more in their 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
our backyard where the margins are that much better and 
where they are well set-up to tackle the local needs. Here 
what has happened is that because the Indian companies 
suffered for sometime there has been a lot of competition 
amongst the Indian companies. There are new players who 
have come into the business thinking that there are great 
opportunities in the oil and gas business. About 3 to 4 years 
ago where we had about 4 to 5 bidders for revamp projects 
or 2 bidders or 3 bidders for revamp projects now every 
project is attracting some 7, 8, 9 bids. The encouraging thing 
though is that in the last 5 bids of ONGC the bids have all 
been predominantly Indian parties who have now becoming 
successful and picked up a number of contracts whether it is 
L&T, whether it is Punj Lloyd whether it is Leighton, 
whether it is Afcons they all are picking up these Greenfield 
projects from ONGC. But the margins are still low. And I 
think until everybody gets back into a sense of security and 
comfort but margins will continue to be affected to be some 
extent. Brownfield I would imagine that there are still about 
5 – 6 players who will actively pursue the Brownfield 
market. And a lot of these Brownfield projects are coming 
up now are very substantive value contracts. For instance 
ONGC has decided to come out with a revamp of 40 well 
platforms which has been broken up into three separate 
tenders and estimated budget for that is around 2,500 crores 
which is too big a value of contracts for the biggest players 
like L&T and all to ignore. So for tenders like that are going 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
to be more and more competition as well. So I would say 
that yes competition is still tough, margins are improving 
slightly but there is still a long way to go before we can see 
yes the industry is back to work as was two-and-a-half years 
ago. I hope that answers your question. 
Rupen Masalia 
And sir could you throw some light on the bid which you 
have already put and by when you expect its outcome? 
Satpal Singh 
Well the bid has been submitted about a month back and the 
valuations have still been going on with ONGC. We were 
given to understand that there were some issues raised about 
two bids, ours and another parties bid which we are trying to 
give, sort it out and clarified with ONGC. My expectation is 
that this will be resolved within the next one month’s time. 
Rupen Masalia 
Next question is regarding probability of winning some 
contracts in Middle East especially say Saudi Arabia or may 
be Abu Dhabi as you have pointed out that those markets are 
really booming off late so. 
Satpal Singh 
Yeah.  What they are doing is we are targeting subcontract 
work over there. We had some tie-up with various people.  
The Beas Dolphin has been working extensively in the 
Middle East already with McDermott so we will look at 
similar opportunities for greater marine spread deployment. 
Later on this month we are finalizing and registering the 
joint venture that we set up in Saudi Arabia for work with 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Aramco. My team are going there shortly to finalize all the 
shareholders Agreement and registration process and all that 
and then we will start bidding for work directly as a Saudi 
Arabian company because there again they have certain 
advantages and all which are intrinsic to local companies. So 
that joint venture I have mentioned few years ago is finally 
crystallizing. So yes we are going after that work but still in 
spite of the despite margins the real market product 
continues to be here for our EPC and subsea work. What we 
are trying to do now is realign the companies positioning and 
business model so that on the one hand we can strengthened 
our financial base by regular daily incomes coming from 
Charters as in the case of the Vikrant Dolphin and Beas 
Dolphin, the A.M.S. Divine. I am looking at additional 
marine asset to acquire, some independently, some may be 
as in partnership with another group so that we can get a 
regular 365 days revenue emanating from it, especially the 
contracts which involve diving services as well. This has to 
be a staple path of our revenue model going forward. The 
EPC work will then be the icing on the cake so that is the 
way we are positioning ourselves going forward. 
Rupen Masalia 
And few questions pertaining to finance. It is for Mr. 
Navpreet. Basically sir in consolidated balance sheet as of 
31st March, 2013, other current assets stood at 112 crores 
approximately. It has gone up from 28 crores. So just give 
the breakup of it. 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Navpreet Singh 
Other current assets they will comprise a lot of our claims on 
VAT refunds and tax refunds that we have owing from7 the 
government. There area also some advances that we have 
paid that we have to recover now. That is basically where the 
bulk of the money comes in from. 
Rupen Masalia 
I mean sundry debtors is clubbed under the trade 
receivables? 
Navpreet Singh 
Yes. 
Rupen Masalia 
And other current assets because the magnitude is huge from 
28 crores to 112 crores so if you can quantify the amount 
under different heads that would be fine. 
Navpreet Singh 
Let me give you the details a little later. 
Rupen Masalia 
Secondly sir likely debt at consolidated level by FY2014, if 
you can throw some light on that? 
Navpreet Singh 
As of right now total debt at consolidated is about 120 
crores. 
Rupen Masalia 
Including working capital. 
Navpreet Singh 
Including working capital and by 2012 we would have 
repaid another 15 crores. We would be about 100 crores as 
existing working capital limit. 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Rupen Masalia 
And planned CAPEX that debt contingent upon winning 
contracts? 
Navpreet Singh 
Yes. 
Rupen Masalia 
And finally sir what is the receivables from L&T work and 
NQD ICP contracts additional work revenue and liquidated 
damages, by when do you expect to knock it off from books? 
I mean settlement with ONGC? 
Satpal  Singh 
We are hopeful that we will be able to finish this, I think the 
NQD will be done first because we have already come more 
or less in agreement with ONGC now, the documentary 
work needs to be done. I expect that we should be able to 
complete the NQD during this current quarter. But as far as 
ICP is concerned that may still take some time and I guess 
with L&T as well both, ONGC, LD, we have other extra 
claims and L&T hopefully we will be able to clear 
everything in our balance sheet during the currency of this 
financial year.  
Navpreet Singh 
Rupen the other current assets that you wanted to know there 
is 55 crores of accrued income which is basically the income 
that we have not yet been able to bill because we don’t have 
a the work completion certificates which have been actually 
completed. It is 55 crores of billable cost that is basically 
advance cost that we would incurred under AS-7 accounting. 
Rupen Masalia 
So that would be reflected in Q1 of FY14? 

 
Dolphin Offshore 
May 2, 2013 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Navpreet Singh 
It will get knocked off in Q1, yeah. 
Rupen Masalia 
Thank you  
Moderator 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would like to 
hand the floor over to Mr. Navpreet Singh for closing 
comments. 
Navpreet Singh 
Thank you everybody for your time today and I hope we 
have been able to answer all your questions to your 
satisfaction. As always we are always available to answer 
any questions that you may have or to meet with you and 
discuss anything that you may have at any time. Until then 
we look forward to seeing you in the month of July when we 
discuss our Q1 results for 2013-14. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you sir. On behalf of Dolphin Offshore Enterprises 
India Ltd that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
