 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
1 | P a g e 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Q4 FY 2013 Conference Call Transcript 
May 10, 2013 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Properties Ltd 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder for the duration of this conference, all 
participants‟ lines will be in the listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions at the end of today‟s presentation. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing „*‟ and 
then „0‟ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. At this time I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari 
from CDR-India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari:   
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej Properties Q4 FY 
2013 Results Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Pirojsha Godrej – Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. K T Jithendran – Executive Director, Mr. V Srinivasan – 
Executive Director and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat – Vice President- Finance and 
Accounts of the company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management following which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer session.. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
maybe forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the conference call invite e-mailed to you earlier. 
 I would now like to invite Mr. Pirojsha Godrej to make his opening remarks. 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Good afternoon everyone, welcome to Godrej Properties Q4 FY 2013 Conference 
Call. I would begin by quickly discussing the highlights for financial year 2013 and 
for Q4 and we will then look forward to taking your questions and suggestions.  
FY2013 has been a successful year for Godrej Properties. In a tough 
macroeconomic environment in which the real estate sector has struggled, we 
delivered strong growth in bookings, revenues and profits and on most operational 
and financial parameters have had our best ever year. Our bookings in FY13 grew 
by 58% in area terms and by 71% in value terms, while for the sector there was a 
decline in booking volumes in FY13. Our total income for the year grew by 28%, 
our EBITDA grew by 43% and our net profit grew by 41%.  
We added 8 new projects to our portfolio in FY13 including 3 new projects in the 4th 
Quarter. In particular we have had very strong growth in the Mumbai market where 
we added 6 new projects in FY 13 including 5 new redevelopment projects. We 
have now added one new redevelopment project in each of the past five quarters. 
It is encouraging to see the momentum we have in this space and these projects 
coupled with our new joint-venture projects and our residential investments 
platform will help sustain growth going forward. For new projects that we add to our 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
2 | P a g e 
 
 
portfolio, the focus has been entirely on residential projects in target cities and on 
favorable deal structures that enhance our margin profile. This has allowed us to 
add projects that we think will create very significant amounts of future profits with 
limited upfront investments. Given the kind of deal flow visibility we currently have, 
we expect to have further positive news on the business development front in the 
year ahead. In addition to all the new projects we added in FY13, we also 
concluded an agreement to create a residential investment platform through which 
we will be able to source additional projects particularly those with high upfront 
financial commitment. Furthermore the income received from management fees is 
an added advantage of the Godrej residential platform. In the 4th Quarter the size of 
this platform was increased to over Rs.1000 crore. We hope to deploy most of the 
funds from this platform in the current financial year.  
One of the key highlights for Godrej Properties in FY2013 was a large number of 
successful new project launches that we had across the country. In total we were 
able to launch 13 new projects of phases in 6 cities across the country. Almost all 
of these launches have been very successful and some of the highlights included 
Godrej Summit in Gurgaon where we sold 1 million square feet in one day. Godrej 
Platinum in Vikhroli where prices increased by 40% in one year and Godrej E-City 
in Bangalore where we sold out of the first phase far ahead of our initial schedule. 
These are 3 examples from the 3 largest real estate markets in the country, NCR, 
Mumbai and Bangalore and we look forward to continuing to build our presence in 
these markets through new project additions and new launches in the current 
financial year. These successful launches played a key role in enabling us to grow 
our bookings by 71% which in turn resulted in us ending the financial year with 
bookings in excess of US$ 500 million. The 4th Quarter saw good progress on  new 
launches with 4 new projects being launched, including Godrej BKC our flagship 
commercial project in Bandra Kurla Complex in Mumbai. Despite the commercial 
market in the country going through a period of weakness, we have seen a 
substantial interest in the project, sold 50,000 sq.ft. within a few weeks and look 
forward to the project‟s ongoing success in the year ahead. Two other significant 
launches we had in the 4th quarter were the opposite ends of the pricing spectrum, 
with a luxury project launch in Alipore, Kolkata where the average unit price is in 
excess of Rs. 10 crore and in Ahmedabad where we sold 150 units of smaller sized 
apartments within 2 days of launch. The tremendous success of these 2 launches 
on opposite ends of the country and opposite ends of the price spectrum gives us 
tremendous confidence in our ability to attract customers for our residential 
development plans across the country. 
While business development and sales have been areas where we have been 
doing well for a while, one area where we wanted to demonstrate an improved 
performance last year was in terms of operational excellence.  With this in mind we 
launched an operational excellence initiative called „Project Pyramid‟ in FY13. 
Through this initiative there has been a substantial enhancement of our capabilities 
across parameters like approval processes, cash flow management, value 
engineering and contracting and design strategy. There have already been visible 
results including the fact that we have ended the last three quarters and the full 
year with positive cash flows and reduced debt despite having added 18 new 
projects to our portfolio in FY12 and FY13. We are confident that the improvement 
we have made through this initiative will continue to yield positive results in the 
year ahead.  
Another important area of focus for Godrej Properties has been in ensuring we are 
building a team capable of delivering our large growth aspirations. In FY13 our total 
employee strength increased by 25% and a lot of work went into ensuring the 
selection of the right talent and into team building and capability development. I am 
happy to report that in the “Great Places to Work Study” which is an annual study 
with over 500 companies participating, Godrej Properties has been adjudged as 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
3 | P a g e 
 
 
the 14th best company to work for in India. We have also been recognized as the 
2nd best company to work for out of all companies with less than 1000 employees 
and as the best company to work for in the real estate sector. In an employee 
engagement study by Hewitt, our employee engagement scores came in at 80% 
which was a 14% improvement over the previous year and was well above the 
average for the best in-class companies in Asia. Continuing to develop talent and 
ensuring a growth oriented organization will remain a critical priority in the year 
ahead.  
We did of course have our fair share of disappointments in the Financial Year 
2013. Despite it being by far our best ever year for new launches and bookings 
growth, we were only able to achieve 70% of the total launches we had hoped to in 
FY13. Regulatory approvals continue to sometimes frustrate our best efforts to 
crash pre-launch timelines, but we have made a lot of progress this year in 
ensuring we do everything we can from an internal process and effort perspective. 
We also fell far short of our goal in terms of sales in our commercial projects in 
Kolkata and Chandigarh. Unlocking capital from these projects remains a critical 
priority for the year ahead. Another ongoing challenge has been generally low 
margins in some of our older projects but we have been very happy with the 
progress we have made this year in terms of improving our business development 
and operational strategies to ensure our newer projects yield superior performance 
in these areas. 
With that summary of the year gone by, I will turn to a quick overview of our 4th 
Quarter performance. As I mentioned it has been a good quarter for us both in 
terms of new projects and new launches. We added 3 new projects to our portfolio, 
2 in Mumbai and 1 in Pune. We also commenced sales in 4 new projects in the 4th 
Quarter each of which received a good response. Another highlight in the 4th 
Quarter was our official handover of the first phase of our Godrej Prakriti project in 
Kolkata which has been done as per committed timelines.  
While our reported numbers show a 22% decline in bookings in Q4 this is largely 
due to the impact of a large sale to our group companies in Q4 FY 2012. Excluding 
sales in Godrej One from both the quarters, our bookings actually grew by actually 
27% in area terms and by 90% in value terms in the 4th Quarter. Similarly our 4th 
Quarter reported revenue showed a 16% decline largely because of the substantial 
sale in Q4 FY 2012. Despite that sale and a private equity deal having been done 
in Q4 FY12, we have been able to grow our Q4 net profit by 34%. Our EBITDA 
margins for the quarters stood at 32%, a substantial improvement over 27.3% 
margin in Q4FY12. 
I would also like to briefly comment on two announcements we recently made. 
Firstly as we have discussed in our call last quarter, the Board of Directors of 
Godrej Properties approved a scheme of amalgamation of Godrej Waterside 
Properties Private Limited, a 100% subsidiary of Godrej Properties with Godrej 
Properties subject to the approval of the High Court of Mumbai. The High Court 
has since approved this scheme as approved by the court we have adjusted the 
difference between the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary against the 
reserves. Approval of the scheme now allows us greater operational efficiency and 
flexibility, a simplified structure and other fiscal benefits.  
Yesterday, our Board also approved a plan to carry out a rights issue within the 
current year. The purpose of the rights issue is to ensure we have the capital we 
need to continue to add new projects at a rapid pace without in anyway stretching 
our balance sheet. While we believe accruals will be adequate to fund our current 
commitments on existing projects, we have good visibility on substantially 
enhancing our portfolio in the current year and building on the momentum we have 
created by adding 10 new projects since our IPP in financial year 2012. We have 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
4 | P a g e 
 
 
increased the size of our residential investment platform to over Rs.1000 crore of 
which our share will be 25% and we hope to deploy most of the funds from the 
platform this financial year. We are also looking at many exciting joint ventures 
deals that will require some advance payments. Additionally although there are no 
commitments due in financial year 2014, we may look at exiting ahead of schedule 
from some of our older guaranteed return PE deals that have a high cost. Given 
our substantial growth plans, we believe using additional equity to fund our growth 
instead of relying entirely on debt is the prudent approach. The reason we are 
planning a rights issue as opposed to any other form of equity raise is that from a 
promoter prospective, we believe it is it not at all attractive to dilute ourselves at 
current valuation and that further investment into Godrej Properties at this stage is 
likely to yield a tremendous return on investment. Given that the promoter holding 
in the company is 75%, 3/4th of the capital for the rights issue will be committed by 
the promoters and is we believe a strong vote of confidence in the growth 
prospects of Godrej Properties. From a timeline perspective, we hope to complete 
the exercise around the end of the second quarter. 
We believe that the Indian economy has bottomed out and the interest rates would 
continue to decline in the year ahead. The combination of better GDP growth, 
lower interest rates and improved consumer sentiment could lead to a hugely 
improved outlook for the real estate sector. Our national presence, strong brand 
equity and large number of new projects leave us in a good position to fully 
capitalize on this opportunity.  
On that note I conclude my remarks and would like to thank you all for joining us on 
this conference call. We would now be happy to discuss any questions, comments 
or suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin with the 
question and answer session. Our first question is from Puneet Jain of Goldman 
Sachs, please go ahead. 
Puneet Jain:  
My first question is with respect to the merger which you have done of Godrej 
Waterside with the parent company, you had mentioned in the last call that one of 
the reasons you are doing it is to get certain tax benefits, so now while you are 
taking the merger through the balance sheet, will you get any tax benefit in the 
future and what are the benefits of doing it vis-a-vis balance sheet or vis-a-vis 
P&L? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
I do not think that was the reason we gave that, there are several reasons why this 
made sense but from a tax prospective it is the same impact to doing it through the 
balance sheet and doing it through the P&L. 
Puneet Jain:  
So will the tax rate reduce in the next two years because of the value you have 
written down for this particular project? 
Rajendra Khetawat:     Yes, since it is a one project subsidiary company you do not get that set off. Now in 
case if you are selling it below the cost that set off would be available on merger 
with the parent company you can set it off against the other profits of the other 
projects. 
Puneet Jain:  
So will the tax rate reduce? 
Rajendra Khetawat:     Yes the benefits would be available going forward. 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
5 | P a g e 
 
 
Puneet Jain:  
The second question is in  respect to the rights issue, do you think that post this 
capital raising will you be done with fundraising or will you require further 
fundraising at some point of time in the future, what is the thought process? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
I think with this fund raising and with our plans to monetize the commercial 
portfolio, we might be done with fundraising for a very long time. Of course it does 
in some way depend on the pace of growth, the number of opportunities. So we 
cannot say that we may not ever need further equity but clearly we think this will 
take care of equity requirements for, in all likelihood, a very long period of time. 
Puneet Jain:  
What you have done with Godrej Waterside, are there any other projects which you 
have in your portfolio which may need to be written down? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
No immediate plan for any other projects, Godrej Waterside was clearly the one 
which was well below breakeven pricing, of completed projects. We have other 
commercial projects but we don't plan similar things at least for now and which are 
at about breakeven levels currently. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from Anand Agarwal of Jefferies, please go ahead. 
Anand Agarwal:  
You briefly mentioned about exiting from some of the older PE transactions, what 
do you mean by that? And secondly, these are all equity transactions, so what is 
the need for you to exit? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
As we have indicated previously two or three of these older ones that we had  one 
in 2007-2008, two have committed returns to the investors. They are equity 
transactions; the thought is, and again as I said nothing is due in this financial year 
but we may look at exiting ahead of the schedule from some of these investments 
or providing exit rather ahead of schedule. 
Anand Agarwal:  
And if you could briefly expand on what is the strategy for exiting Waterside 
Genesis and Eternia - the commercial projects? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
The strategy remains through sales, obviously it's been a bit frustrating that we 
haven't been able to do this faster than we like, all developers are struggling a little 
bit with commercial projects, particularly in some of the secondary cities. Now all 3 
projects are closer to completion, we do hope to see improved traction but clearly 
we have been disappointed in the past year by that traction and I hope we can 
deliver a better performance on it this year. 
Anand Agarwal:  
The rights issue that you are doing, the fund that you will be raising, would that be 
for making the BKC land payment and the balance payment to the G&B or is this 
for further future opportunities? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
As I said in my remarks we think for current projects accruals will be enough to 
service the financing needs. This is very clearly capital that we need to sustain 
growth. We have added a large number of projects; we hope to continue adding a 
large number of projects including projects in the residential investment platform 
which we think are very attractive return projects but will require some amount of 
upfront investments. So clearly this is not meant as capital to provide funding for 
our existing portfolio. 
Anand Agarwal:  
In the launch tracker that is shown in the presentation you're shown rightly the 
Ahmedabad Phase 5A launch that has already being done but does that mean that 
there will not be any more launches in Ahmedabad in this fiscal year after this? 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
6 | P a g e 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
It doesn't mean that, there will be other launches. There have already been other 
launches but the point is that we don't think that specifying exactly what phase, 
based on our experience from last year, makes sense. So there are more launches 
planned in Ahmedabad and we will certainly update on those as they happen but 
we would not sort of like to get into each sub phase and guiding based on last 
years‟ experience. 
Anand Agarwal:  
What is the amount of payment that is due on the BKC land payment and the G&B 
in FY 14 or what do you expect to pay in FY14? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
For the G&B, land payment it is about Rs.120 crore, for BKC there is a little bit lack 
of clarity, we don't expect any major land payments this financial year but that 
could change. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from Gunjan Prithyani of JP Morgan, please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Firstly on this PE deals which you mentioned that you are looking to provide exit, 
from what I understand these are primarily for the commercial projects, so if you 
could just give us the total amount that is there which is being put in and the 
amount which is accrued to these investors? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
We don't have that currently available, there are a couple of projects, one is a 
commercial project and there is also a residential project and rest you can follow up 
off-line with Rajendra.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
On your BKC project, now that you have launched it, could you just give us what is 
the total project cost including the MMRDA premium? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Again the total project cost is a function of what the capital cost end up being. The 
big buckets of course as we have indicated are roughly Rs. 550 crore for the land 
payments, about Rs. 500 crore of construction cost. We already have about Rs. 
800 crore of capital in the project and then depending on how the monetization 
happens there will be a finance cost. 
Rajendra Khetawat:     So in short it would be Rs. 1,700 -1,800 crore plus the finance cost depending on 
the cash flows. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Rs. 1700 to 1800 crore is basically construction and land cost in the MMRDA 
premium? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Yes. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
On this Vikhroli project, in your new launches you mentioned that there is 
Residences at Trees, so the launch that we are looking at Vikhroli next year is the 
land that we own and there won't be any launch alongside, an additional phase 
launch for the one which we have an agreement with the group company? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
If you look at the slide there are two things in Vikhroli, one is the residential of 
Trees which you rightly pointed out which is a new project in that at least a 
residential part is a new project but if you look at the new phase launches you will 
also find Godrej Platinum in Mumbai, so we have a fourth tower of that project that 
we will also be launching this financial year. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
And on the Trees project the only commercial is what is going on in the rest is 
entirely being converted into residential now? 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
7 | P a g e 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
No that is not necessarily true Gunjan, we haven‟t taken a final decision on it. The 
whole project is 3.5 million square feet so it is a sizeable project. 750,000 square 
feet of which is Godrej One is obviously going to be commercial. The next phase 
we would like to do is a residential, we still think we would like to at some point 
down the road do a five-star hotel and potentially depending on the outlook for the 
office market do some more office space but clearly for at least the next two or 
three years the focus would be on the residential real estate there. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from Sameer Baisiwala of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala:       Just a couple of clarifications, you said rights issue end of second-quarter, are you 
referring to the calendar quarter? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
The Financial year. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
And given that the promoter holding is 75%, post the rights issue you would not be 
allowed to go above 75%, so you would be constrained to the extent the minorities 
participate? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
That is right but we are confident that we will be able to do the rights issue the size 
we would like and maintain that promoters‟ threshold but it is correct that the 
promoters‟ shareholding can‟t go above 75%. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Other question is on the operation side, if I look at the last two years, FY12. you 
sold about 2.6 million that saw value of Rs.16 billion and then FY13 you sold 
almost Rs. 28 billion, what is the outlook for fiscal 14? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
We are not sure we are going to guide on that in any case but now with the rights 
issue officially not allowed to, so certainly we have been growing as you have seen 
one of the other success of this year we have added a lot of new projects, we have 
a pretty aggressive launch calendar so we hope to sustain momentum but I won‟t 
put a specific number to it. 
Sameer Baisiwala:       But directionally speaking it is a growth that you are looking at over FY13? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Again you are asking for the guidance and a number, clearly we are a company in 
a growth phase and that has always been our intent. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
One question I wanted to check, its quiet a situation in the 4th Quarter that you did 
summit 1 million square feet all residential all sold in day one and then we had 
almost about 1 million square feet at BKC Godrej and you sold 50,000 which is 
about 5%, both are kind of a study in contrast and would you say Godrej BKC 
having achieved just 5% of the total inventory that you have is a success or how do 
you see this sales momentum as you go forward? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Frankly comparing mid -income residential in Gurgaon to super high-end 
commercial in BKC are not very valid comparison at all. Certainly the summit 
success was an outstanding success, one of the more successful launches for the 
sector in this financial year. We‟re quite happy with our BKC launch and we have 
been able to sell significant amount of space, we have not launched all of this 
space in the project, we certainly we don‟t want to, even if we could sell a million 
square feet at current valuations. We have indicated that our goal will be to sell the 
projects in about equal area terms over a four or five-year period, so we are on 
track to deliver on that goal. But I think commercial phase are inherently going to 
be a little bit more lumpy and more steady than residential sales and again we 
have no intent or desire even if we could to sell out of a project like this on day one. 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
8 | P a g e 
 
 
Sameer Baisiwala:      Just to understand, from your launch price which I think about Rs.25,000-Rs.26,000 
base selling price at a Godrej BKC, have you taken a rise or at what point of time 
do you would think you would be taking a next rise? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
I think that is the sort of information that we think is competitively sensitive, we do 
have other projects that we are competing with, so we wouldn‟t like to talk about 
our pricing strategy, it can also be quite individualized in commercial real estate 
based on payment terms and other things, and I don‟t want to comment on that. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from Ashok Damani of Ramesh Damani Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Tarbir:  
Lots of people are saying that the commercial outlook is very weak in BKC, how do 
you guys view it as of now? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
We have obviously been asked this quite a bit. Our position is the same as it was, 
which is that there is no question that the current commercial market is not very 
strong in most locations, at the same time there is a great deal of confidence in us 
that with this location, with this project, there is no question of us not being able to 
find demand. The strategy we have intentionally to make sure that we do have 
some sales upfront to manage the cash flows and not be putting in more capital but 
also if we have some space to benefit as the commercial market improves over the 
next two or three years, we would think it almost certainly will and the reason for 
that outlook is pretty straight forward, I think almost any developer in the country 
now is not committing any new commercial space, so just by the logic of supply 
and demand if the Indian economy is likely to improve over the next year to three 
years which we think it is very likely to improve, if interest rates continue to come 
down, if business confidence comes back in demand for commercial space 
increases, there simply isn‟t going to be the supply to cover up that demand. This is 
exactly what leads to the cyclicality of this sector people over commit sometimes 
when periods are good and under commit when they are bad, but our sense is 
there is no reason to think that the commercial market is going to be in a sustained 
downturn over a very extended period of time unless one‟s outlook is that the 
Indian economy itself is going to be through a very difficult period for a very long 
time which is certainly not our outlook. 
Tarbir:  
The other one is slightly more nebulous I think for you as well as us, but what is the 
probability of us selling 10 million square feet sometime in the next five years? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Who knows what is going to happen and in real estate sometimes we don‟t know 
what is going to happen on the next day rather than the next five years but certainly 
our growth plans are such that if we are successful certainly that should be 
achieved. 
Moderator:   
Our next question is from Mahesh Bendre of Quantum Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre:  
My question is broader in nature. We operate into 11 cities in India; apparently 
there has been a general slackness in the demand for offtake of  real estate in 
various geographies. Some places affordability has become a major issue because 
of the sharp price rise in the prices. Do you think this is more of a cyclical issue and 
with softening and better economic growth buyers will revisit the market or there 
could be a structural issue wherein the real estate prices needs to turn the scale 
back so that the end user will come back? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think it is certainly more of the cyclical answer. Clearly real estate is a very 
cyclical business, there is no question when the economy has a year like the Indian 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
9 | P a g e 
 
 
economy has had over the last year that expecting this sector to do very well is 
unrealistic, so certainly as interest rates continues to come down and consumer 
sentiment improves, we feel the sector will undoubtedly be a key beneficiary of 
that. Of course there may be individual markets or micro markets where pricing is 
an issue but I don‟t think certainly on a holistic basis that is the key issue. 
Mahesh Bendre:  
In the presentation we have mentioned that the Panvel Township project, we would 
like to launch in the second year probably in the second half of this financial year, 
so what will be the quantum of that launch? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
As we have particularly left that out of the official list of projects we have mentioned 
that we do hope to launch that. With the Township Project the approvals given our 
experience may take us into FY15 but certainly our intent would be to try and 
launch it this year. Frankly in terms of size of launching and pricing of launching 
which is something we decide much much closer to the actual launch so we won‟t 
know that internally until a few months before the launch but we have said that we 
expect the project to end up being a 10 million square foot plus project. Obviously 
for a project of that scale would like to get going with a substantial size phase, so 
again there is nothing particular that we have in mind now but it is not likely to be a 
very small phase as and when we do launch it. 
Mahesh Bendre:  
But how many phases, or what in period will it be developed, any idea? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
No, with projects of this scale honestly is more of a  thing of seeing how the 
launches react and then planning the next phase, so certainly the 10 million square 
feet plus sort of size we do think this is a 8 to 10 year project. 
Moderator 
Our next question is from Shubhankar Ojha of SKS Capital and Research. Please 
go ahead.  
Shubhankar Ojha 
Wanted to understand a couple of things about your financial structure, one is your 
current gross debt is about Rs. 1700 crores and your interest cost for the full year 
consolidated is only about Rs. 3 crores at an average cost of debt of about 12% 
roughly, so I guess a large part of your debt, interest cost is being capitalized, is 
that correct? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
Yes, this is as per the accounting standards. When you start a project, till the 
project completion whatever money has been spent on that you capitalize those 
interests and the expense of that interest happens through cost of sales when the 
project start recognizing the revenue. 
Shubhankar Ojha 
So the cost of sales is where the interest cost effectively comes in, so the cost of 
sales for the current year would have the cost of the completed projects as per the 
revenue recognition? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
Right. 
Shubhankar Ojha 
Secondly, I think this has reference to your earlier question since you have 
effectively disguised debt in the form of PE investments with assured return at the 
SPV levels, what would be the quantum of that of that liability at the assured future 
committed exits, some flavor of that would be very essential for investors to know, I 
think. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Again these are projects that over a duration the exits would be provided. We don‟t 
have that number off the top of our head. You can follow-up with us off-line 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
10 | P a g e 
 
 
Shubhankar Ojha 
So how are you accounting for those assured exits, for example isn‟t the PAT over 
stated due to non-recognition of your effective financing cost because effectively 
your PE deals I understand from the industry is at around 17% to 18% assured 
return exits to a lot of the PE Funds. Last year also even despite a reported profit of 
about Rs. 140 crores your effective net-worth is actually down in FY13 over FY12, 
so is that because you are accounting for, is it fair to assume that Rs. 150 crores is 
the amount of effective financing cost that you have borne on account of assured 
returns to these PE exits because that is the amount by which your net worth is 
actually effectively gone down? 
V. Srinivasan 
In all these subsidiaries, essentially it is checked for impairment and only along 
with the return if the value of the project is lower than that you need to provide for 
the impairment. So it is not correct to say that we are not expensing it out, the 
project is able to bear these kind of costs and as far as the net worth reduction is 
concerned which you said about Rs. 122 crores as we have mentioned in the notes 
to the account has been adjusted on account of this scheme of amalgamation 
which is approved by the court. 
Shubhankar Ojha 
Can you confirm what the assured return rates are to the PE funds on the SPV 
level? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
There are different rates between 15% to 20%. 
Shubhankar Ojha 
So your effective cost of funds is much higher than what you have actually 
reported? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No it is not higher, this is a different form of capital, so no, I would disagree with 
that. 
V. Srinivasan 
The project bears the cost of these funds. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
If you require clarifications take this off-line.  
Shubhankar Ojha 
But what is am asking is, isn‟t the SPV level debt where Godrej Properties 
effectively holds 51%/49%, isn‟t that just another form of debt effectively because it 
is backed by a guarantee by the parent and there are clear cut exit IRRs assured to 
the investors, they are not exactly equity transactions? So isn‟t that effectively a 
debt deal? How is it different from an assured return? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
They are structured equity transactions with returns linked to the performance of 
the project with committed minimum returns. 
Shubhankar Ojha 
Exactly, so effectively are they disguised debt as far as future liability on the 
company?  
Rajendra Khetawat 
They are not, under Indian GAAP these are purely equity transactions and this 
assured return comes into play only when your projects cash flows are insufficient 
to meet their exit goal, so till the time the project gets completed and exit comes it 
is very difficult to say these are an assured debt. 
Shubhankar Ojha 
Right but there is a corporate guarantee by the Godrej Properties, the parent 
company? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
There is no corporate guarantee, these are exits which all the investors need to be 
provided whether it is the assured returns or a non-assured return. The PE investor 
needs to have some form of an exit. 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
11 | P a g e 
 
 
Shubhankar Ojha 
But the company regardless of whether the project delivers the expected cash 
flows or not, the parent has to bear the cost? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We said that there is a committed return and we do plan to give on these projects 
Shubhankar Ojha 
I‟m saying you are obviously honoring and intend to honor all the assured returns 
assured to the PE investors of 15% to 20% as you said, right? So that does 
constitute a future liability on part of the company at the parent level? 
V. Srinivasan 
The project is bearing the cost of those returns. So long as the return of the 
projects is higher than this cost there is no further charge which is to be levied. As 
in the case of all the other projects where we funded through normal debt also the 
cost of all this funding is capitalized to the project in terms of the accounting 
standards, the same thing happens at the SPV level also, there is no change in 
that. 
Shubhankar Ojha 
But the only information which I am lacking is the amount of this future liability 
because we know that the gross debt of the company is Rs. 1700 crores but this 
liability on account of the future assured exits to PE investors could be any amount 
right now it could be Rs. 500 crores, it could be another Rs. 1000 crores so it is just 
a relevant information to the investors that a liability be know. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
There is no liability that has been created yet, these are projects with all still 
underway, there is no liability is being created. Any case, we have spent quite a bit 
of time on this, in any case please follow up with us off-line if there is anything 
further. 
Moderator:  
Our next question from Puneet Jain of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Jain:  
My question will be with respect to your other operating income, could you give top 
3 projects which contributed to this operating income? 
Rajendra Khetawat:   It was from Platinum Vikhroli development management fee, Nagpur, E-City and 
there was a compensation received on account of shelved projects which we had 
signed earlier, so the other operating income includes this as well. . 
Puneet Jain:  
How much will that be? 
Rajendra Khetawat:     Around Rs. 15 crore.  
Puneet Jain:  
Could you provide some more details on this? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
It is a project in Pune that we have been working on at the MoU stage and some 
expenses have been incurred. We have an agreed timeline by which the project 
approval and things if  not in place, we would be exited with at this valuation. 
Puneet Jain:  
And how will this be accounted for as part of cost? 
Rajendra Khetawat:   Whatever the cost is it has been expensed out and it is part of the operating 
expenses. 
Puneet Jain:  
Also what could the margins be of Godrej One and for that life-cycle of your Godrej 
BKC, what are the margins that you think the project could earn? 

Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2013 Concall Transcript 
12 | P a g e 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
I don‟t think we would like to give guidance on the BKC margins, as we said 
previously for the past margins of Godrej One has been a little bit above 40%, 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from Anand Agarwal of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Anand Agarwal:  
Just a follow-up on the Waterside project and the tax benefit. From my 
understanding, Rs. 120 odd crore that we have adjusted against the reserves there 
will not be any tax benefit available on that. If in future we do end up selling the 
property or commercial property for a prize at lower than the book value of that or 
the cost of that assets, on that part because now it is a consolidated entity or it is a 
part of the Godrej Properties, we will get a tax benefit. So is that understanding 
correct? 
Rajendra Khetawat:     Correct. 
Moderator:  
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
floor back to the management for closing comments. 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further 
questions or would like any additional information, we would be very happy to be of 
assistance. We hope to have your valuable support on a continued basis as we 
move ahead. On behalf of the management, I once again thank you for taking the 
time to join us today. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and Gentlemen on behalf of Godrej Properties Ltd. that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
- ENDS - 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
