 
Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 1 of 9 
                             
                                                                                                                                                                           
 
                                                 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Aug 13, 2013 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej industries limited 
earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
industries Q1 FY 14 results conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi Godrej - 
Chairman of Godrej industries, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej - Managing Director and CEO 
of Godrej Properties, Mr. Balram Singh Yadav – Managing Director of Godrej 
Agrovet, Mr. Vivek Gambhir – Managing Director of Godrej Consumer Products, 
Mr. Nitin Nabar Executive Director and President Chemicals and Mr. Clement Pinto 
– Chief Financial Officer of the company.  
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management following 
which we will open the forum to answer any questions you have. Before we begin I 
would like to point out that some statements made in this call may be forward 
looking in nature and disclaimer to this effect has been included in the conference 
call invite sent out earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make his 
opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all to Godrej Industries conference call to 
discuss the operating and financial results for the first quarter ended June 30, 
2013.  
 
Our results this quarter are reflective of our resilient business model which 
captures a diverse range of businesses in some of the key growth sectors of the 
economy. Overall performance has been heartening as some of the core 
operations registered sustained growth. Let me now briefly take you through the 
key developments during the quarter. 
 
The agri businesses have begun the year on an encouraging note with the top-line 
improving by 27% on the back of excellent sales growth reported in all business 
segments. Animal Feeds segment delivered a growth of 24% driven by aqua feed 
and layer feed volumes. However, lower broiler placements and volatile chicken 
prices continued to impact broiler feed volumes. The Agri-Inputs segment also 
reported healthy numbers with the turnover improving by 47% during the quarter 
owing to higher sales volumes of ‘Hitweed’ and ‘Zymegold’, plant growth 
regulators. Top-line performance reported by the relatively higher margin Agri-
Inputs segment and Animal Feeds segment along with improved contribution from 
Joint Ventures assisted Godrej Agrovet to enhance overall operating profits by 
37% in the first quarter of 2014 as compared to the corresponding period in 2013.   

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 2 of 9 
                             
 
 
 
 
The oil-palm segment registered improved revenues in spite of significantly lower 
oil prices as expanding fruit bearing acreages and a new mill commissioned at 
Chintampalli in Andhra Pradesh resulted in higher volumes. I am also pleased to 
share that we are establishing another oil mill in Mizoram, which is expected to 
commence operations by the third quarter of this financial year 2014.  
 
During the quarter, our joint venture with Tyson recovered on account of stable 
feed costs and higher sales to quick service restaurants. We successfully 
introduced a new product – ‘Chicken Kheema Paratha’ during the quarter and have 
additional launches planned for this financial year. Despite a volatile external 
environment, ACI Godrej has started to deliver improved results as the impact of 
bird flu is diminishing. Our seeds venture, Godrej Seeds continues to expand its 
revenues and outreach to newer geographies. Overall the quarter was a 
reassuring period for Godrej Agrovet, reinforcing greater optimism for the future. 
 
Coming to our property business, Godrej Properties registered healthy momentum 
in earnings and bookings despite the weak current market conditions in the real 
estate industry. In addition to more than doubling its profit growth for the quarter, 
Godrej Properties continued to lay the foundation for future growth through 
ongoing success in business development.  The Company continued to build a 
robust development portfolio in high growth markets and added two new projects 
with 1.85 million sq. ft. of saleable area in Bangalore and NCR during the quarter. 
Also notable is the significant progress on several important launches that 
happened at the end of the previous financial year. At Godrej BKC, approximately 
140,000 sq. ft. of space was sold in the first quarter. Another key launch during the 
previous quarter was at Godrej Garden City in Ahmedabad where we registered 
sales of approximately 240,000 sq. ft. As a growth-oriented organization, the 
Company has been building a team capable of delivering its large growth 
aspirations and I am glad to share with you that GPL was once again recognized 
as the best Company to work for in the real estate and construction sector in the 
Great Places to Work Survey.  While the economic weakness in India continues to 
persist, we do believe the prospects for the real estate sector remain very bright.  
Our national presence, strong brand equity, and large number of new projects with 
attractive deal structures leave us in a good position to fully capitalize once there is 
an improvement in the economic environment. 
 
At Godrej Consumer Products, our focus on sustaining and extending leadership in 
our core categories has enabled us to deliver robust operating performance this 
quarter with sales growing by 24%. Growth was healthy in both our India business 
and our international operations. The response to our innovations has been very 
encouraging and the performance is significantly ahead of our plans. We continue 
to back our innovations with strong marketing investments. We have also launched 
several operational excellence initiatives to further enhance our operational 
performance. We will continue investing judiciously for the longer term to improve 
our position, create competitive advantage and emerge stronger than ever before. 
Sustained focus on innovation, delivering in core categories, and stimulating 
growth in the key geographies, keep us on track for future progress. 
Moving on to our oleo-chemicals division, the business continues to echo the 
impact of an adverse global economic environment and increasing input costs. 
While we remain cognizant of the extended period of challenges faced by the 
segment, we believe that the tide should turn and the business will again be in a 
position to deliver healthy performance in the latter quarters of this financial year. 
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights. During the quarter, our 
consolidated total income improved by 6% to Rs. 1945 crore from Rs. 1834 crore 
during the same quarter last year and consolidated Net Profit grew by 28%.   

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 3 of 9 
                             
 
 
 
Before I conclude I would like to say that there are economic challenges which are 
impacting higher GDP growth. In the immediate term, it is imperative to have 
effective policies that will help contain current account deficit and provide stability 
to the rupee. A sustained GDP program which takes into account the cumulative 
effect of global conditions and domestic linkages will further assist in harnessing 
economic growth.  
At the Company level, while we adjust to the current operating environment, we 
remain confident of achieving long term objectives of inclusive sustainable 
profitable growth in line with our CREATE strategy. Our continuous effort and 
endeavor is to build our businesses in a way that the consolidated performance is 
insulated from short term uncertainties. This in turn, will ensure value accretion 
over the long run.  
 
Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to take your suggestions and 
answer any questions that you have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question 
and answer session. 
 
Our first question is from Amit Babbar of L&T Mutual Fund, please go ahead. 
Amit Babbar 
You were actually planning launching a product on the rice herbicides market in 
competition to a popular brand called Nominee Gold; what would be the status on 
that? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
That product is still under registration. We believe that we are in the last stages of 
registration and we are sure that within this quarter we will get the registration. But 
as you know this is a product used for rice and 90% of Indian rice is only Kharif. 
This product will only be useful to us some time next year.  
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sumeet Rohra of Silver Stallion, please go 
ahead. 
Sumeet Rohra 
Just wanted to understand - what are the prospects on the chemical part of the 
business though I understand as you highlighted know the global uncertainties 
which has got revenues down. So what is the vision for the chemicals part because 
that is the one which is not doing very well right now. And also Nature’s Basket we 
have grown, we have ramped up pretty well, we are at about 27 stores so if you 
can just also throw some highlight on what is your vision for Nature’s Basket over 
the next 3 years? 
Adi Godrej 
Well the chemicals business I expect in the 2nd half will do much better because 
our new plant in Ambarnath will be commissioned during the 3rd quarter. We will 
also save octroi in our operations in Ambarnath. It will have a higher capacity and it 
is a modern plant where cost of operations will be lower. So overall we expect to 
make up for lost ground in the1st half during the 2nd half.  
As far as Nature’s Basket is concerned it is growing well, growth rates are running 
at 40% - 50%, same store sales are also growing and we expect it will become a 
very strong business over the next couple of years.  
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will take our next question from Kashyap Pujara of Axis 
Capital, please go ahead. 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 4 of 9 
                             
 
 
 
Kashyap Pujara 
Our question would largely pertain to the overall palm oil prices, I think 
internationally the prices have tapered off and also if I recall correctly I think the 
duty has also shrunk in the domestic market. So how would you read that having 
bearings on GAVL business - I did read that you know some domestic smaller 
refiners probably would be finding it more challenging right now in current times. 
So if you can just share some data points on that? 
Adi Godrej 
Well first of all international palm oil prices in dollar terms are down. But because 
of the rupee depreciation the effect in rupee terms is much less. Our chemicals 
business benefits from lower palm oil derivative prices; when palm oil goes down 
usually the derivatives also go down.  
Balram Singh Yadav 
As Mr. Godrej said that the prices have gone up in India because of the rupee 
depreciation and it is at least 10% higher than what they were about 4 months ago. 
That is point number 1. 2) As a percentage our profitability remains intact because 
our payment to the farmer is a percentage of the oil price. The fresh fruit bunches 
we get from the farmers are paid as a percentage of oil price, so our cost of fresh 
fruit bunches in the oil price remains constant because the payment percentage 
remains constant.  
Kashyap Pujara 
Overall if you could just also give what is your broader outlook on the other 
businesses especially the animal feed as to what is the overall outlook that you are 
seeing in the current situation? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
In the animal feed business 2 segments are growing very well: one is the layer feed 
segment which is the egg bird and the aqua feed segment, these segments are 
growing rapidly because the industry is also growing. In cattle field these are the 
lean months because of monsoon there is lot of greens and farmer switch over to 
greens. Broiler is one area where the population of broiler has gone down because 
the industry had taken a beating last year because of very low prices. But I think it 
is more than made up by our excellent performance of our chicken business: ‘The 
Godrej Tyson Foods Limited’ - that business has benefited greatly because of 
higher chicken prices in the 1st quarter. Overall I feel that animal feed will have a 
wonderful 2nd half, that is the time when most of the animal protein consumption is 
also skewed towards in this country and I believe that we will make up whatever 
the lost volumes are there in the 1st half, in the 2nd half. 
Adi Godrej 
One must also remember that this has been a very good monsoon year, 
agricultural outputs will be high which will tremendously benefit at least 2 of our 
businesses - one is Godrej Agrovet generally and also the rural demand for Godrej 
Consumer Products. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Manish Gandhi, he is an individual investor, 
please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
My 1st question is to Mr. Balram again taking this animal feed industry. Actually I 
am very happy q-o-q for the last so many years we are growing so rapidly. So I just 
want to understand is it that we are capturing from the unorganized players, market 
share or is it the industry is growing at such a high phase, what is happening 
actually I just want to know? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Both - but our market share in segments like Aqua, layer and broiler is growing 
because we are growing much faster than the market. That is happening but I 
would say that the market has grown very rapidly in Aqua feed and particular after 
this new species Vannamei has come; Vannamei is a shrimp and it has replaced 
the traditional shrimp and the intensity is 4 times; in the same pond you can grow 4 
times numbers in Vannamei. So the feed industry has grown almost 45% CAGR in 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 5 of 9 
                             
 
 
 
the last 3 years in the Aqua Feed segment. Unfortunately I told you last time also 
that we are sold out because we do not have capacity in this segment. We have 
grown to whatever extent we could but we are waiting for fresh capacities to be 
commissioned this year and we believe that next year will be a very rapid growth 
year for Aqua Feed also. So I believe that we will definitely grow in all this 
segments either at par or more than the category. 
Adi Godrej 
I think another thing that is helping Godrej Agrovet in many of its segments not just 
animal feed but the very strong R&D efforts which are creating products which are 
very well differentiated. So I think that will continue to help Godrej Agrovet’s 
progress. 
Manish Gandhi 
What is your view on may be on a longer term 5 years – 10 years down the line 
shifting the industry from unorganized to organized? What is the percentage right 
now and what you foresee for the future? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
In layer, aqua and broiler I think when we loosely define the organized industry that 
is anything which is produced in a factory I would say 90% of the market is already 
organized or it is full of very small players and I think consolidation of this industry 
will happen on a 5 to 10 years horizon. As far as cattle is concerned the scope is 
huge because theoretical potential is 65 million tons and India produces 6 million 
tons of cattle feed and almost 65% - 70% of that is in the co-operative segment. So 
I believe category conversion from raw-materials to compound feed will continue to 
happen for next 10-15-20 years and this will present a great growth opportunity to 
us.  
Manish Gandhi 
I have one question for Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, I just want to know about this new real 
estate regulation bill which is going to come. So how it is, what is your view? How it 
is going to affect Godrej Property and the industry and the pricing scenario, please 
can you explain it? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
The key implication of the new bill as we understand is, currently of course it yet 
has to become law and we think it will take 1 or 2 years for that to happen but the 
key implication is that developers will only be able to launch projects after all 
approvals are finally in place. There are also some restrictions on fungibility of 
capital between projects and 70% of the capital you raise from customers being 
kept in escrow for the construction of that particular project. I think particularly the 
1st one where it will become an offence to launch any project before the final 
commencement certificate is received will have a very major impact on the sector 
as a whole because I think 90% of developers the way it works today is that they 
buy the land, they start doing some pre-sales prior to approvals being in place to 
recover their land cost and then have an official launch post the approval. That 
earlier stage of sales now would not be possible under this model which in turn will 
make financing land acquisition much more difficult. So I think the impact for 
Godrej Properties we think is much less as in any case we are launching our 
projects after all approvals if at all it might delay launches by 2-3 months for us in 
some particular project but I do not think that will have any major impact. But I do 
think that it will fundamentally change the sector because of this lack of ability to 
purchase as much land and lack of ability to use customer sales from one project 
to finance land in another. So I think we might see in fact things like joint venture 
model becoming more prevalent which will benefit us given our experience and 
expertise in that model. But you know frankly how some of this plays out is yet to 
be seen. We think overall it is a good thing for the sector to bring more 
professionalism, higher standards of ethics but a danger is that if it becomes 
another bureaucratic loophole for developers to come through and therefore 
creates a delay. But on balance we are reasonably happy with the new regulation.   

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 6 of 9 
                             
 
 
 
Manish Gandhi 
I just have one last question for Mr. Adi Godrej. Sir I am very happy with the way 
Nature’s Basket is forming up but I am confused where it fits in Godrej Industries, I 
do not know, I cannot just figure it out? 
Adi Godrej 
Actually it was a business started by Godrej Agrovet originally, Godrej Agrovet was 
supplying a lot of items to rural areas, we worked on procuring items from rural 
areas especially fresh fruit and vegetable but when the import was liberalized into 
India and a lot of fruits, vegetables and other gourmet fruits got imported we 
changed the strategy in Nature’s Basket and when we changed the strategy we 
spun it off into a separate company. So it is a wholly owned subsidiary of Godrej 
Industries. 
Manish Gandhi 
But I have been following Godrej Group since so many years and we have also 
divested and we had that Adhaar also, so retail was not the key area for us. So is 
there any change in the perception or something like that though I know it started 5 
years back? 
Adi Godrej 
That time it was not a key area when any of the retail businesses would compete 
with our customers but we do not supply much from our companies to Nature’s 
Basket and it does not compete with our customer. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take our next question from Amit Anwani of K C Securities, 
please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani 
My question was relating to Godrej Properties Limited. You mentioned during the 
quarter there were two project launches summing up to 1.85 million square feet of 
saleable area. So any update on how was the sales booking during Q1 and how 
the markets in NCR and Bangalore are panning out for project bookings? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes actually just to clarify that numbers that was mentioned was not the new 
launches but new project addition, we have entered into new joint venture 
partnership, we will start of course work on the design and approvals and we will 
launch the project probably some time next financial year. 
Amit Anwani 
So how much is the economic interest for Godrej Properties in this? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
In the Bangalore project which is a 1 million square feet project we are doing in the 
development management fee model, we will see the 11% of the top-line of the 
project and we won’t make any investments in toit. So the project in Delhi is our 
first project under our newly created residential investment platform where we 
partner with some international investors. So our stake is 25% in the platform which 
in turn has a 52% stake in the project. 
Amit Anwani 
So both the projects are joint development projects and redevelopment projects? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Not re-development projects, one is the development management key project, the 
other is a residential platform project but both are partnership projects. 
Amit Anwani 
Can you focus more on how the collections are panning out from the ongoing 
projects and the cash flow status presently at Godrej Properties? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
On both fronts we think we are very much on track, what was very credible - if you 
look at it over the last 5 or 6 quarter we have added over 10 new projects to our 
portfolio while maintaining our net debt levels at a consistent level. Last quarter we 
were slight negative cash flow because we bought out an old PE partner 
investment because it is a good thing to the company in the long run. So broadly 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 7 of 9 
                             
 
 
 
speaking things are on track, bookings for the first quarter are up by 15%, 
collections have also remained strong, some of the very critical new projects 
launches we had at the end of March, both in BKC and our township project in 
Ahmedabad we are seeing strong sales. In Ahmedabad we had our best quarter 
sales in the last 9 quarters. In Godrej BKC we have now sold at the end of last 
quarter almost 20% in the project. Our hope was to sell 20-25% in the first 12 
twelve months within the launch. We have almost done that within the first 4 
months. Things are on track, we of course look forward to getting some of the new 
launches we have planned for this year and those would be very important. 
Amit Anwani 
Can you mention the new launches which are in pipeline for Q2? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I would not like to speak on a q-o-q basis as they are all linked to regulatory 
approvals and exactly when those coming in we never fully know but for the full 
financial year we have several new project launches in Mumbai including some 
important redevelopment projects that we added last year I mean Chembur, 
Ghatkopar and elsewhere. We also hope to have new phase launches in several of 
our projects across the country. In total we have about 15 launches of either new 
projects or new phases planned for the year of which four happened in the 1st 
quarter. 
Amit Anwani 
What is happening right now in terms of FDI relaxation for real estate sector which 
is may be in favor of mid-to-small developers so would you feel that it will be helpful 
to Godrej Properties or Godrej Properties is seeking any kind of FDI going forward 
in any of its joint development projects? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Well I think you are referring to, I just read one news article on this yesterday it was 
nothing. 
Amit Anwani 
Yes sir I mean it is just a proposal. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
So that will be a beneficial thing for the sector and essentially the article I read said 
that they will reduce the minimum size of a project to make it FDI compliant and I 
think that will be beneficial for the sector. For us we do have some projects under 
that threshold and we do look at projects under that threshold. Typically, the 
current threshold does not work which is about 0.5 million square feet, does not 
work for City Center kind of projects which tend to be smaller by and large and you 
know for our residential investment platform also this would allow us to look at 
another set of opportunity but I do not think that it will have a major impact for us in 
one way or other. 
Amit Anwani 
My next question was related to Godrej Industries standalone numbers. There was 
an exceptional item of Rs. 25 crores during the quarter. So if you could just 
elaborate what are the items in that? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is the same thing where Godrej Properties has taken over the prime right for 
the Godrej name as it pertains to the real estate sector - that is the compensation 
to Godrej Industries. 
Amit Anwani 
The next question is for the chemicals business which has remained muted during 
the quarter. So what we are looking forward for the 9 months in the chemicals 
business? 
Nitin Nabar 
As Mr. Godrej mentioned that we were impacted due to this global economic 
situation but I expect that our 2nd half of the year will be much better with startup of 
our Ambarnath factory where we will have the octroi savings and also efficiency 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 8 of 9 
                             
 
 
 
improvement because of technology upgradation so second half will be much 
better. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from Kashyap Pujara of Axis capital, 
please go ahead. 
Kashyap Pujara 
Actually I wanted some color on the chemical business - if I look at this quarter’s 
numbers while you have very candidly put across in the presentation that it has 
been impactive because of overall higher cost of natural gas, etc., but on a broader 
side wanted to ask you whether we have seen volume de-growth this quarter. 
Because the revenue per se has dipped and also the 2nd part of the question would 
be about the capital employed because that has actually moved up YoY though not 
so much sequentially. So if you can just give me some understanding on that? 
Adi Godrej 
Well 2 things: one is because of the global vegetable oil prices falling so price of 
oleochemicals has come down so most of that is the effect of price not volume. 
Volumes have not declined. Secondly, the capital employed has gone up because 
during the period a lot of investment has been made in Ambarnath. So that will 
come in to operation in the 3rd quarter. 
Kashyap Pujara 
Basically I just wanted to understand that it is related to the capex of Ambarnath 
and not that the overall working capital cycle is higher? 
Adi Godrej 
Working capital is lower. 
Kashyap Pujara 
So it will continue maintaining 200- 250 days of creditor days broadly on this side 
and operate on a negative working capital? 
Adi Godrej 
It is down, we are very much in control of the working capital, this is an entirely 
capital expenditure. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Nikhil Agarwal of New Berry Advisors, please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil Agarwal 
During the last analyst meet on June 11th you mentioned we received around 70% 
of the approval for the real estate and the next 30% is received in the following 
year? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No I think what I said was, in the last year out of the launches we had planned we 
were able to do 70% of the launches due to regulatory approvals delaying the other 
30% and those projects will be launched this year as regulatory approvals are at 
ease.  
Nikhil Agarwal 
Yes. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Right. You know our launch guidance for the year includes our best estimates of 
our ability to get these approvals on the likely timeline. Unfortunately it is not a 
process that is very predictable or probably within our control. So these launch 
timelines do move as the approval as the time line for the project launch. So that is 
what I was referring to last year. 
Nikhil Agarwal 
What about the rights issue which you were planning in the 2nd quarter? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is very much on track and we hope to conclude the exercise in a quarter. 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript                                                                                              Page 9 of 9 
                             
 
 
 
Nikhil Agarwal 
Means any further plan means - what is probably the issue price and in which 
month it will be? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
The issue price is Rs. 325 per share, we hope to complete the exercise in 
September. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Anita Rangan of HSBC, please go ahead. 
Anita Rangan 
Basically I wanted to know like if the capex in Ambarnath is complete because last 
year there was a significant amount of capital expenditure in the cash flow like 
about close to Rs. 470 crore. So how much of this is pending this year? 
Clement Pinto 
Another Rs. 100 crore odd is pending this year. 
Anita Rangan 
And also I wanted to understand like the cash balance in the balance sheet had 
gone up significantly last year to Rs. 450 crore, so what is the strategy behind 
maintaining such high cash balance? 
Clement Pinto 
These were from our IPP issue, we had kept money aside which we are going to 
use only for specific purposes, and one of these purposes is for the rights of Godrej 
Properties. 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions from the participants I would now like to hand the 
floor back to the management for closing comments. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the company, we 
would be happy to be of assistance.  
Moderator 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of 
Godrej Industries Limited that concludes this conference.  
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
