
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“ABB India Limited’s Q3 2013 Investor Relations 
Conference Call” 
 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT PARTICIPANTS 
 
 
MR. BAZMI HUSAIN – COUNTRY MANAGER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. AMLAN DATTA MAJUMDAR – COUNTRY CFO 
MR. N. VENU – HEAD, POWER SYSTEMS 
MR. PITAMBER SHIVNANI – HEAD, POWER PRODUCT 
DIVISION 
MR. R NARAYANAN – HEAD, DISCRETE AUTOMATION 
& MOTION 
MR. SUBIR PAL – HEAD, CORPORATE STRATEGY & 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT 
MR. TK SRIDHAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS & 
COUNTRY CONTROLLER 
MR. SANAJ NATARAJAN –MEDIA RELATIONS 
MANAGER 
 
 
 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day, I am Melissa, the moderator for this conference. Welcome 
to ABB India Limited Investor Relations Call to discuss the Q3 Results for 2013. For the 
duration of this presentation all participants’ lines will be in a listen-only mode. I will standby 
for the question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. TK Sridhar. 
Thank you. And over to you sir.  
TK Sridhar 
Good Afternoon Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to the Q3 Results Conference Call of ABB 
India. I am TK Sridhar – Head of Investor Relations and Country Controller for ABB India. 
Present on the call along with me are Bazmi Husain – Managing Director; Amlan Datta 
Majumdar – Country CFO; N. Venu – Head of Power Systems; Pitamber Shivnani – Head of 
Power Product; R. Narayanan – Head of Discrete Automation and Motion; and Subir Pal – 
Head of Corporate Strategy and Business Development. Also I have Sanaj Natarajan – the 
Media Relations Manager. So now without any delay I would like to hand over to Bazmi 
Husain and Amlan for taking us through the results.  
Bazmi Husain 
Thank you, Sridhar. Good Afternoon Ladies and Gentlemen, and thank you for joining us. It 
has been another challenging quarter from a market perspective. I would say that the actions 
that we have taken we are holding steady in headwinds at the moment, waiting for the markets 
to revive which we are sure they will, timing of that is uncertain though. If you look at our 
performance for the quarter our orders were marginally up compared to the same period last 
year. Revenues were very marginally down or less flat. Operational improvements have really 
resulted in improved profitability. 
If you look at it our Power Products division now which for several quarters in a row has 
shown that all the work that we have done of improving efficiencies, introducing new products, 
going after new factories, making more efforts for in country, for country initiatives that I have 
mentioned many times before has really started to yield steady results quarter-after-quarter. 
And project businesses that we have had have also both Power Systems and Process 
Automation are well on the way to good recovery. In this particular quarter Discrete 
Automation and Motion have also grown although we now see the market in a way where not 
just CAPEX but many of our customers are hesitating on their investments and that has had an 
impact on our short cycle business. So therefore we do see an impact coming in into our 
Discrete Automation and Motion business especially on smaller product ranges. However, we 
see that has no real issue within our systems as such, it is an entirely a market-driven 
phenomenon, we are taking action to keep our cost under control, so we should be in a good 
position to weather it out. 
If you look at our orders, the other areas where we have had good growth is first of all on 
exports. Here again I would say the strongest performance came from our products. On an 
overall basis we have had over 20% growth in our exports volume, now exceeding more than 
370 crores, but even though the exports grew only 20% it was largely product-driven growth. 
So within the products itself the growth have been much more. Projects like here everywhere 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
else they are more discrete events, so sometimes you get something in a quarter and another we 
do not. So I think this is something which we do not see a matter of concern, but it is very 
heartening to see the growth that we have had in our exports. 
In our other initiatives total for instance, in all of last year, we had supplied about 225 MW 
worth of Inverters. And I had indicated to you in the early part of this year that made us #1 
supplier of Inverters in fast developing solar market. I am very happy to tell you that so far 
already this year we are in excess of 325 MW worth of Inverters and associated electrical 
equipment that we have supplied into that market. So you can see that even though the Solar 
market as such is not growing at the same rate as we are growing in that market, so we are 
taking market share. 
Wind is also showing good signs of revival mainly driven from tariff revision by some states 
also repowerings, so wherever there were smaller turbines, people are putting bigger turbines 
so that is giving us good volumes plus there are expectations of now moving towards 
generation-basin centers so that will give a further boost into that business. So both Solar and 
Wind Renewables as we have mentioned for several quarters in a key focus area that is 
beginning to show results. We are also showing improvement in our data center and smart grid 
areas where we are beginning to see now, especially in smart grid where there is a growing 
interest in the market, so we see that developing further as we go along. 
Service orders – our main server star performer, they contribute very well to our profitability 
but also increase customer satisfaction is derived from increasing the focus that we have had on 
service. 
So all in all I think the market remains muted but the actions that we have taken now for 
several quarters are giving us results as we wait for the market to revive. So I think this is 
something that we were focusing on and with product costs I would say pretty much under 
control, and also from let us say orders perspective I would say that we have had double-digit 
growth in Power Products and Low Voltage Products and in Process Automation, on all three 
of them. Power Systems, like we have mentioned that we have made a policy decision that we 
will do a risk benefit analysis on the projects that we quote and depending on the terms and 
conditions and other issues we will be selective in that. We continue that policy, but we also 
see now that the market is responding to our caution and we are seeing some good signs so that 
the step that we took of being strict in our acceptance or not acceptance of terms and conditions 
that are detrimental for a shareholder are beginning to yield results. 
Discrete Automation and Motion are, as I mentioned, is also flat, mainly driven by reduction in 
a product market for this quarter, I mentioned that because of the reduced capacities of many of 
the industrial segments such as cement and steel the impact is also now being seen in the OPEX 
spending. 
So going forward I would say that we are really well positioned, and we see that we are hopeful 
for the revival of the market. “What timing it is?” I would certainly not get into that question 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
because in all honesty we do not know but we do see that in some areas some of the actions that 
were taken by the authorities with respect to fuel linkages, etc., etc., has moved some of the 
projects which is a good sign. So I think that it is too early to start any celebrations, but clearly 
taking steps in the right direction is showing some results. 
So with that I will now ask my colleague, Amlan, to talk a little bit about on the financial side 
of it and the cost side of it, and then we will be open for questions. 
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
Thank you very much, Bazmi, and good evening ladies and gentlemen once again. Since we 
talked in August last with you, looking at the macro economics, we have seen a lot of 
initiatives coming in from the government on the policy reforms. Really appreciate the good 
intentions, but unfortunately the situation on the ground has not yet changed, may be it will 
take longer time, but also gives the feeling that we need to do more to get investors confidence 
back, except that the Sensex is rising quite sharply in the last few weeks, of course, driven by 
very limited number of stocks. There is not much to be very optimistic about the macros while 
the initiatives again I must say are good. The GDP growth recently have been revised below 
5% and we believe that we can hold it till the end of FY-’14, but I mean on the surprise is there 
is a further dip. And IIP which is more relevant to us and the capital goods sector if we look at 
it, the growth is zero or negative. So that remains a concern. We are doing everything that is 
possible in our power to do, but then of course we are finally the function of the market. So 
there is a problem. In spite of all optimism that we have the RBI has not really reduced the rate, 
actually it has gone up. So interest rates remains obnoxiously high in the country and in a long 
decision projects like we deal in there are a very few customers who are willing to borrow 
money and invest in the project at this rate. So that remains a problem. Rupee seems to be 
stabilizing at Rs.61-60 a dollar, hope at least will remain at that, otherwise net importing 
companies like ABB will have some impacts, so hopefully that remains. 
On the order side – in Power we are starting to see some enthusiasm but nothing that we can 
really be very upbeat about, but on the industry side key customers like steel visibility is very 
low, Cement, are hearing about some kind of an expansion, but we have to see what finally 
comes. We do see some upside strategy, anyway timings are little uncertain on oil and gas, 
some select sectors like Solar and Datacenter are growing. So we are doing good in exports as 
well. So we are doing all that. But then still the macros remain a serious concern which are high 
interest rates and high inflation that we have. 
In terms of our returns – When we look at it as Bazmi mentioned we had a modest growth, but 
this is also if you track this growth it is growth which came after four quarters in August, so 
that gives us some reason to be hopeful, and which sectors have grown we have already 
mentioned a little bit. Power Products is actually leading the show quite a bit, and we have said 
this earlier, and our efforts to localize products, do cost optimization and bringing efficiency 
through OPEX initiatives have started paying off. And since we invested our time, energy and 
money more in Power Products I think the results have started coming there and that is always 
ABB’s bread-and-butter business. So we can see good things there. Some of the divisions are 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
of course little bit impacted by the market downturn which is somehow not ending. So there is 
a little bit of discomfort there. Power Systems as Bazmi has mentioned we have our policy 
which areas we want to get into and which areas we try to avoid is from the risk return profile, 
and the terms and conditions have to be favorable, so we are sticking to that policy. But overall 
if I see that even the decline is mainly in the large orders but there is reasonably good growth in 
the base orders. So we are doing whatever we can do there but since large orders are left in the 
market, of course, all companies have impact including ABBs. In spite of this market’s modest 
growth of 4% makes us really hopeful. 
Revenues are flattish; we are 2% down. A little bit of this is also coming from what we have 
been telling that we have a little concern in this market on the credit risk that exists with many 
of the companies. With the liquidity becoming tighter and tighter with the RBI all the measures 
that they are taking and interest rates of course being steeply high, so we want to be very sure 
that we dispatch our products only when we are sure of the payments because cash is a major 
issue today, so we want to be careful, so revenues is possible to push but then not the best time 
to push is our consensus in the management team. 
In terms of results – I think the challenges continue. What we could do is to work on the cost 
side. If you look at our material cost over the last 3-4 quarters, you will see a trend that the 
material cost for the earlier 75%-74% or even 72% is now stabilizing at 70% or sub-70%. So 
this is our biggest item of cost so that is giving us benefits. There are multiple initiatives we 
have been telling over the last 2-3 years that we have been taking and of course it takes more 
time to reflect in the results. So I think we are better placed today in terms of our material cost, 
all these efficiencies are coming into the results. But actually the brighter side is as and when 
the market revives, we are very hopeful that our results will look much better than it looks 
today in terms of these areas because only with a growing volume and upbeat market you really 
see the benefits of all these initiatives and investments that we have made. 
When it comes to the expenses – the expense is more or less remain flat, somewhere it is 
marginally increasing, somewhere it is marginally declining, but we are not growing in 
expenses over time. That is a good point that we as a company put with big efforts realize this 
over time that over the quarters the expenses are remaining flat. So that is helping us to hold 
ourselves in this stormy weather of the macros. 
The bad news that you can already see in the results is the cost of interest. Now, the finance 
expenses are really going up because there is a cash crunch in the market, liquidity is really 
under pressure, which we have been telling for the last two quarters, and as I see the result it is 
not only as many other companies who play in this sector are all affected by this as more than 
us or little bit less than us. The interest rates are high and the liquidity is a problem, which is 
really hurting us. So we are doing everything that we can do to hold to that. 
If you look at the capital employed of ABB in the results, capital employed has increased from 
the last quarter if you see but it is not a very big increase that you can see, it is a marginal 
increase. Even if you compare with the same period last year that is Q3 last year, capital 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
employed has increased again but not very significantly. The concern that we have is these 
projects which have been delayed over time, we only hope and that is our concern also that 
these projects really start moving faster with all the reform measures taken by the government, 
it makes the situation better, because more the projects are delayed, the liquidity situation for 
companies like us will continue to be under stress. We are doing everything that is possible. 
Even today if we look at our balance sheet, the balance sheet looks very healthy, but we 
actually like to have balance sheet we had till 2-years back where we had zero borrowing, so 
that is what we are looking for. But overall things look good. Most of the divisions like Power 
Systems and Process Automation which are in large project business and we have shared with 
you periodically that we had some challenges in the large projects, not due to our fault  but also 
the way the contract are (Inaudible) 20.58. But we are happy to inform you that we are out of 
this problem and we are stabilizing, consistently the results are showing growth and my 
colleagues from Power Systems will share more with you that what is doing about it so this is 
giving a good feeling but if the market improves a bit the products will start improving further 
and that will show the company results in a much better light. So, this is the overall situation 
right now, and maybe it is a good time that we start hearing from you if you have some 
questions and then we can try to give our perspective of the matter. Yes, Sridhar, over to you. 
TK Sridhar 
Melissa, we can start the Q&A. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session for 
investors. We have the first question from the line of Prakash Goel from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Goel 
Sir, my first question is with regard to the other expenditure which has come down seasonably 
Y-o-Y. Any specific reasons behind it? You have highlighted a lot of measures being done by 
the company to contain cost, so just wanted to have a flavor on that. 
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
Yeah, the other expenses actually if you watch over the last 3 quarters, it has been under 
control, we have taken a number of measures over time to keep it under that current 
circumstances low because the revenue growth is not so steep, so we cannot really afford that. 
So we are keeping it to that and we have actually decided that this is something very interesting 
to cheer actually. In the management team we have decided, not only the top management but 
also in the operational management that we will travel less, travel only for customer needs, we 
will only travel where either we are going to customer for an order or trying to fix problems and 
our repair maintenance cost has come down significantly. Our other expenses in every area has 
really improved, yeah, some areas marginally there are sometimes increases like power and fuel 
and all, but every item we have handled at the highest level and the participation is from every 
one. Bazmi, would you like to have any…? 
Bazmi Husain 
I just want to add one thing while it is I would say almost maniacal focus on cost, we are also 
making sure that our contacts with our customers is on the rise, not declining, okay. So this is a 
time that we believe that it is even more important that we have more interaction across the 
board with our customers so with increased customer interaction that we are reducing the cost. 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
We are able to do that, you can see that but we are also keeping in mind that the downturn that 
we are into will pass, okay, so we are preparing for the upturn while we are dealing with the 
downturn. 
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
One item let me also share with you, the other expenses, there is an element of exchange rate 
variation. So the exchange rate against loss of 30 crores last year, in the same quarter, we have a 
gain of 7 crores but the interesting part is these gains is actually not a notional gain, these are 
real gains that means what the liabilities we had booked at a higher price and then settled at a 
lower price and all, we have a very strict FOREX management policy and while sometimes it 
can give you a little bit of difficulty but with actually over time it really pays off. So that has 
also added to other expenses its showing the work. 
Prakash Goel 
My second question is with regard to export as a percentage of sales, in case I missed out that 
number did you share that number how much has been the export in terms of the order inflow as 
well as the top line this quarter? 
Bazmi Husain 
We are now in excess of 370 crores for the quarter. 
Prakash Goel 
In terms of the revenue? 
Bazmi Husain 
That is in terms of the orders. 
Prakash Goel 
In terms of revenue, is it possible to know? 
Bazmi Husain 
We do not normally give that kind of separation all over the place, but it is in a similar this 
thing, okay. 
Prakash Goel 
My last question is subsequent to the analyst meet where the management has highlighted 
improvement happening in some of the segments such as hydrocarbon, I would like to know 
like lot of Reliance Industry PetChem (Petrochemical) order has been already awarded to MNC 
players of US and Europe. Does this sub-order flow to ABB or these orders have been gone to 
the competition and we should not expect much of a….? 
Bazmi Husain 
Like with everything else, it is a mix bag, we certainly have got orders, and we have also lost 
some of the orders in that particular pursuit. So to answer your question yes, that has been 
targeted pursuit for us, we do not give details about specific pursuit thing, but yes, and we have 
got orders there. Second aspect of your question what we were talking about the oil and gas 
market going up, also referring to the upstream if you recall what we mentioned that day was 
that the market in India is while there are downstream opportunity and what is happening in 
country is a downstream opportunity, there is a large upstream opportunity that is coming up. 
Close to 80% of India’s explorable areas have not yet been explored for oil. So upstream market 
was a market that we were referring to as a developing market and we certainly stand by that, 
that there are a lot of projects that are on the way there. 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Prakash Goel 
Which will be the companies out there in the upstream, will it be the typical ONGCs and 
Reliance of the …? 
Bazmi Husain 
There will be ONGC, there will be global players, and there will be some local players as well. 
So some of them are already here there will be more coming. 
Prakash Goel 
Sir just to rephrase my earlier question I wanted to understand like typically if an order goes to 
Phillips 66, the sub-contract will be available to ABB or is it like they will have their own 
technology and product to bring it, just for my understanding…? 
Bazmi Husain 
I am not going to answer this question with a specific reference to Phillips 66, but in general the 
answer is, yes, in many cases we do get orders through another vendor, okay. Absolutely, yes, 
and in this particular and other pursuit there are substantial number of orders that come like 
from that route as well. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from Batliwala & Karani 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid 
Sir my first question would be just little more understanding on the growth drivers. As you have 
mentioned earlier as well as in your recent press release that largely the growth in the emerging 
sectors which have been driving good for ABB compared to the sluggishness in the traditional 
or the conventional markets. So, if you can elaborate in terms of what has been the growth in 
emerging sectors, be it solar renewables that we have seen export services in the last nine 
months and in the third quarter in particular? 
Bazmi Husain 
Like Renu, I was mentioning earlier that take exports for instance, exports have grown for the 
quarter over 20%, it is more or less 35% or so for the nine months, so exports have definitely 
grown. Solar, as I mentioned we supply a whole range of offerings in the Solar segment, but the 
key thing that we offer in addition to all the electrics we also offer a Converter, Inverter that 
basically converts the DC voltage into AC voltage that can be plugged into the grid, and that in 
India so far out of 800 MW placed – and I could be off by a little bit here and there – we have 
got more than 325 MW of that that we will be supplying in terms of inverters and associate as 
electrical equipment as compared to 225 all of last year. So you are looking at a growth rate in 
terms of that about 50%. When last year was actually very, very small because the way it was 
incentivized and I mentioned that at the beginning of last year the way it has been incentivized 
in India, it is not attractive to people to invest in. What has changed is first of all tariffs have 
been revised, makes it more attractive for people to invest in it. Secondly, generation-based 
incentive has come. And more of that is coming. So that will incentivize people not to just set 
up the tower but to actually operate it. Because of that people are going to upgrade. So wherever 
they had a piece of land where they could set up let us say 250 KW turbines. In the same 
footprint they can put up 2 MW turbine. So it makes sense for people to do that and as a result 
of that year-to-date we have I would say 3X+ in terms of when that we have got. So, in all these 
areas, in rail for instance, we are more than double of order intake that we had. So 100% growth 
in rail. Given the market conditions I think these are fairly growth opportunities that we are 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
pursuing and we have been focusing in it for several quarters and they are giving us some 
returns now. 
Renu Baid 
So will it be right to assume that cumulatively these emerging segments have offset probably 
50% drop in the conventional market? I was trying to basically arrive at what is the kind of 
growth or drop we have seen in the conventional market and to what extent emerging sectors 
have been able to offset that. 
Bazmi Husain 
Good try but I am not going to give you answer to that one. 
Renu Baid 
And second, in terms of inflows, we have seen 5% growth in the current quarter, but this was 
against a base where last year there was 33% drop. So the base probably on the intake side has 
now normalized. The 1700 crores odd of average intake that we are seeing both short cycle and 
mix projects… 
Bazmi Husain 
The other thing I just want to highlight is what Amlan has mentioned on an overall basis of 
course orders grew by 4% but if you look at it from composition of the orders the growth was 
much higher, it was mainly from base order. Right now, the market is not let us say booming 
with large orders, is one way to put it. So, our growth is coming from basically smaller orders in 
a long run this is actually good business from multiple account. First of all, they are not likely to 
be delayed. Secondly, they are generally speaking better orders. That does not mean of course 
that we do not focus on large orders. That is the way market is at the moment. We are a large 
order player and we will remain a large order player as well. I think our sense is that we can 
play both. 
Renu Baid 
But probably at this point of time the market is not having so many large tenders in the pipeline 
with …? 
Bazmi Husain 
Absolutely and I had mentioned it in the last several calls that at this point in time we are as a 
matter of policy we focus more on shorter cycle orders because we do not want to have a 
backlog of large orders sitting with us that we have to execute it when the market turns around, 
because… 
Renu Baid 
What I was coming to on the second question is we have maintained the inflow trajectory but 
short cycle base orders which are better margins. So will it be fair to assume in the current 
environment that maybe current year we will manage flattish sales but next year if we see 
slightly uptick we will be able to manage at least a better single digit or closer to double-digit 
growth on the sales revenue side, is that too optimistic or that is more realistic to assume? 
Bazmi Husain 
I love to answer that question but I will resist because we do not really give forward-looking 
advice as a matter of policy, but… 
Renu Baid 
But hopefully, we will be in the positive trajectory itself? 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Bazmi Husain 
That is what we are there for.  
Renu Baid 
And just sequentially book-keeping question, has the debt remain flattish or have we seen 
increase in the short-term borrowings? 
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
The short-term borrowings if we see it in two components, for working capital requirement we 
have 500-600 crores range and the balance is for other purposes. So it has increased a little bit 
but not much from the last quarter. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumit Kishore 
My first question, has the average execution cycle of your order backlog reduced over last one 
year? You have been booking more short cycle orders and although the order backlog is down 
9%, the revenue degrowth has been lesser. So could you comment on this and plus maybe shed 
some light on the proportion of short cycle orders in your order backlog as of now? 
Bazmi Husain 
I will answer a part of the question and then Amlan can step in. Surely, one aspect of short cycle 
orders is that they are faster to execute. So your analysis is very much correct that they are for 
the faster execution. First of all, that is what the market is and secondly, I think we were 
focusing, we were anticipating that and that is why we have focused on these kind of orders 
ahead of that really happening that the markets are more into short cycle. Now, with respect to 
what kind of percentages, etc., I would say – and Amlan can add on to it – that the percentages 
of the base orders is increasing, if you look at it, I am not going to relate short cycle to long 
cycle to you but we have got a reduction of more than 50% in our large cycle orders. So, it is 
really the growth that is coming from the base orders. So that is the kind of issue we are talking 
about. 
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
If I can just add on, order backlog, as in the last couple of quarters, the trend was Bazmi said, 
we are getting more short cycle orders than the long ones. But still we have a large chunk sitting 
in our backlog which is for large projects of both Power Systems and Process Automation. So 
while the execution cycle has improved but it is not that it is dramatically changing and you will 
see revenues are completely different, so we still have some projects to execute and we have to 
see how the market develops but in the last few quarters the trend has been more short cycle 
orders. 
Sumit Kishore 
On account of the challenges that we are seeing on account of the macro, what would be the 
proportion of slow moving orders in your backlog? 
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
Very fortunately, backlog is clean, that means 100% of the orders are executable, sometimes 
companies operating in our places you may not have that fortunate situation but since we have 
really suffered 3-4 years back very badly, we have been working on this closely, so backlog is 
clean. Now, this slow movement, you would agree that is a relative term because we have 
customers where it has been very slow moving in the earlier part of this year but some of those 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
orders are moving very fast now. For whatever reasons they could tie up the finance or 
somewhere the end customers is asking. So just to show you that the slow moving orders in the 
backlog is not so significant and not have been concern for us right now. Yes, it is moving 
slowly, but nothing has changed negatively in the last 2-3 quarters. 
Bazmi Husain 
Just want to add on to that, the two main markets that we serve as such the Power and 
Automation have a slightly different set of issues at the moment. If you look at the Automation 
side which is where we serve the industries like Steel and Cement and things like that, at the 
moment there is not enough demand, that means the capacities are unutilized, they are all down 
to as low as 60% and investment cycle have come up to about 70% odd and investment cycle in 
these industries begin when the demand and production goes north of 85-90%. So it is 
essentially a demand issue right now in many of the industry markets. If you look at the Power 
side it is a bit of a contradictory situation; on one hand of course, there is a power shortage in 
the country, there is power cuts of some parts of the country really half a day or more, so there 
is a power shortage in the country. But there is also unutilized capacity. Out of the (+200) GW 
that is there very substantial portion of that is not producing but that has got to do more with 
policy, some of those have had a good saying like fuel linkages being allowed, so it makes 
sense for people to start producing again, also about Discoms raising tariff, it makes them more 
capable of distributing more. So those things have happened but I think more has to happen out 
there. So these two segments of the market – Power and Automation, while both issues not 
moving fast enough they are for different reasons. 
Sumit Kishore 
One small book-keeping question, in your press release you report an operational EBITDA for 
the third quarter of Rs.111 crores Vs the reported calculated EBITDA which comes out to 
around 82 odd crores. So could you please explain what is the differential of 20 crores 
attributable to? 
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
Actually, what happens is, this is the way ABB reports results throughout the world. Just to give 
you a flavor, it is a long discussion, I can discuss this across the table better, but just because 
you asked this question, two major items which makes the difference between these two, then 
any notional gain or loss in foreign exchange transactions is excluded in calculating operational 
EBITDA as we report that means it is an item on which we do not have really a control, it is 
more of a derivated accounting, that is number one. Number 2, if there are onetime 
extraordinary items that means suppose you are spending something for particular cause, you 
are closing down a factory, you have taken a strategic decision not to do some kind of business 
which is agreed and approved by with the parent that also we take out that is one-time cost 
which can actually distort operational return. These kinds of items are taken out of that, notional 
FOREX loss or gain and one-time profit or one-time gains. So that is why two these items are 
different but there are many others. We have given an explanation below, but there are many 
others we can discuss separately on this. 
Sumit Kishore 
So prior period EBITDA that would have been there for Baldor or whatever expenses would 
have been excluded in this operational EBITDA number that you report? 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 Amlan Datta Majumdar 
That is right and Baldor actually Sumit is very small, it is too small and insignificant. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani 
In one of your discussions you said that raw material to sales which has now come down to a 
level of 69% stay at these levels, what we have been observing in the past calls you said that 
there is a significant room of improvement in the raw material to sales due to higher 
indigenization and better mix. So if you can throw more light on this? 
Bazmi Husain 
If you are tracking us for some time, we have taken a number of initiatives. This actually pans 
all over from order intake till execution. One is first of all we decided that we will not take 
orders which is also reflected in that results. We will not take orders where which return profile 
is not good, it has low ABB value add, which we have told you in the earlier call, and that 
margins are really closely low, we did not want to do that I mean some of those orders. So that 
is one impact. If you take slightly better order, less risky orders, we will get less negative 
impact that looks better. That is from the market side. Coming to the operation, for the last 2 to 
3 years we have been taking multiple initiatives in supply chain management, we had 
completely a new team; we brought in one of the market leaders who knows the subject well. 
On the operational excellence, we applied very strict measures which we borrowed with pride 
from the ABB Group, those benchmark companies in the ABB World and we applied all those 
measures to see that all our operations are most efficient, cost-effective and they serve the 
purpose for which they are designed. So all these initiatives along with the SCM changes and 
our ability to negotiate well in this market have actually reflected in those results. That means 
operational cost, SCM initiatives, operational excellence, and of course what we are doing is the 
right kind of business that is all reflected in that. So it has stabilized over the last 3 quarters at 
69-70% level. 
Bhavin Vithlani 
My question was, is there further scope for improvement like…? 
Bazmi Husain 
Of course. To making money, making more profit and to reduce cost, there is no end to that. We 
should be doing that. 
Bhavin Vithlani 
Second question is if you can highlight a little bit on the order inflow pipeline, what we are 
seeing is specifically on the Process Automation we are seeing lower growth and lower 
margins. So how do you see that panning forward? 
Bazmi Husain 
Let me just take a few examples to answer your question. First of all I think, yes, there is of 
course we talked about the market being little bit muted and all that, but that is on an overall 
basis. Even in a muted market there are areas of growth and I am just going to highlight a few to 
you and then I will ask my colleague Venu and Narayanan talk a little bit more on that. First of 
all if you look at the Power side, right now there is 88 GW that is planned for this 5-year plan. 
And of course there is cross state utility, transmission utility that is there, PGCIL continuing to 
invest in new projects. But what is very important is that there is a whole new area of 
investments that are coming up that did not really exist very much till about a year ago which is 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
investment for grid reliability. So this does not add to the capacity of the grid or the power 
network as such, but it adds to the stability and the reliability. And in fact there are a lot of 
tenders that are well on the way out there for that particular area. Second thing, on the 
Automation side, there are also areas of growth whenever there is a market like this, people 
want to produce more efficiently. So there is not just a government focus, but also focus by the 
manufacturer themselves to improve the productivity. If we take the cement industry as such 
and I am not going to name specific customers but I will talk in general about industry, you 
have capacity utilization of sub-65% at the moment, and with that there is still a requirement we 
are doing several and by several I mean well over a dozen and a project with large cement 
suppliers, manufacturers to improve the energy efficiency of their plants. These are all business 
opportunities, these are not a capacity increase, but it is an efficiency increase because 
everybody needs to survive better in this kind of a market. So these are opportunities for growth 
that we are leveraging on. Venu can now talk a little bit about the opportunities we are seeing in 
the grid reliability side of the business. 
Venu Nuguri 
Just to add to what Bazmi talked about it, so far you have seen PGCIL investing in a traditional 
markets like creating more substation, adding more transformers, more reactors, but if you see 
now, the same PGCIL investing on more grid reliability like tracks and SVC as well as 
(WAMS) Wide Area Monitoring Systems and these are the tenders are going to come in a 
coming quarter in a big way from PGCIL as well as some of very important state utilities. And 
that is where ABB is ready to take advantage of those projects. 
Bazmi Husain 
Narayanan, would you like to add something on the Automation side? 
R. Narayanan 
Investments in deals actually gives mainly concentrating on blocking their bottlenecks which 
they have in their process. And in some cases they are going in for also energy efficiency and 
some sort of modernization where the electricals are pretty low because right now since the 
capacity utilization is under 70% this time, they can close the plant and do the modernization 
that is one place where there is. And cement is one of the industries which is highly focused on 
energy efficiency. So they invest quite a lot on energy efficiency equipment. One interesting 
industry is the automobile industry in spite of them not doing well in India; India has actually 
become a hub for exports, so they are investing again and expanding the capacity, and there we 
see a lot of opportunities for Automation. 
Bhavin Vithlani 
My last question was Process Automation as a segment actually if we look at the last 12 to 13 
quarters we have been seeing very low margins. So how do you see that turnaround and what 
are the signs are you seeing turnaround on this segment? 
Bazmi Husain 
As mentioned, first of all, Process Automation was also an area like Power Systems where we 
had several challenging projects, they were not related to non-core activities like we have in 
some of the areas with Power, very much coal business areas, but we had project issues that we 
really worked to get that fix up and you can see that reflecting in the results. When it comes to 
the volume growth, I would say a couple of things again. This is a reflection that the earlier 
challenge is in Automation market and Power market are in some ways the same and in some 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
ways they are quite different. Automation market within the industrial market is at the moment 
more hampered by lower demand. Whether you take cement, whether you take steel, I think the 
segment that is growing is oil and gas that is going to grow because all of you know what the 
situation is with the current account deficit and the largest component of the current account 
deficit is our fuel imports. And if you combine that with the fact that 80% of India’s explorable 
areas are not yet been explored, it is no brainer and this is what we are seeing happening in the 
market that people are looking at few projects in that area. So we do see actually an increased 
growth in Process Automation business. Also as part of Automation, I want to highlight that we 
have got things like automotive industry which is what we serve with several offerings 
including many of our robotics offering go into that. We have seen a very nice personal growth 
in the robotics market because many of the automotive companies are using India as an export 
hub just like we are using more and more exports because of the declining rupee, I think it has 
made exports out of India more attractive. I am not going to again name specific customers but 
for very large automotive manufacturers like for example ABB provides solutions for robots 
that do the painting, and the advantage of doing painting with robots is over and above the 
health and safety part because you do not breathe in any paints and things like that. There is a 
tremendous amount of saving; 50% of the paint used to paint a car is saved by using robotic 
painting and ABB is a global leader in that. So 50% of the paint is saved in one-fourth the time 
and one-fourth the manpower requirement and almost no rework. So we are seeing huge impact 
in the last year. We have seen 4 or 5X growth in the requirements coming for such solution. So 
Automation again different areas are growing. New areas, the traditional areas, I think in the 
long run, I do not think I need to emphasize that both cement and steel will have to grow in 
India because we are amongst the lowest per capita consumption of these items in the world. At 
the moment though we have a lower capacity. So there would be a short term issue. 
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
But just to add on to that, you asked a question specifically on the margin, I fully agree that the 
margins are not very attractive, but if you compare to last year whether you compare for the 
quarter or you compare up to 9 months that we have declared results in this year, actually the 
margins are better. If you take Process Automation as a separate division or you take the whole 
of Automation business that we do in different forms that is Discrete Automation front versus 
Automation, for the quarter we are better in terms of margin, up to the quarter we are better in 
terms of margin. “Are we happy with that?” We are not happy with that. We have to grow 
better and we have to do better but that also is a function of the market movement. 
Moderator 
I would like to hand the floor back to the management for closing comments. Please go ahead 
sir. 
TK Sridhar 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for participating in this conference call. In case you 
still have further questions, please feel free to get in touch with me or Sanaj and we will get 
back to you quickly. In case you missed out this particular call, we will be uploading the 
transcript in our web page so you can access at any point of time. Thank you once again so 
much and have a good evening. 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 6, 2013 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for choosing Chorus Call Conferencing Service. 
This concludes the conference call for analysts. For further updates on ABB in India, you can 
follow ABB India on Twitter. The account name is ABB India. Thank you for your 
participation. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
