 
Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
November 12, 2013 
 
 
 
Anoop Poojari 
Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej Industries’ Q2 & 
H1FY14 results conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi Godrej, Chairman of 
Godrej Industries, Mr. Nadir Godrej, Managing Director, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, 
Managing Director and CEO of Godrej Properties, Mr. Balram Singh Yadav, 
Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet, Mr. Vivek Gambhir, Managing Director of 
Godrej Consumer Products, Mr. Nitin Nabar, Executive Director and President 
(Chemicals) and Mr. Clement Pinto, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management. Following 
which, we will open the forum to answer any questions you have. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in this call 
may be forward looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
conference call invite sent out earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make his opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all to Godrej Industries conference call to 
discuss the operating and financial results for the second quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2013. It is extremely encouraging that we continue to deliver 
strong growth at the consolidated level, sustained through periods of business 
cycles. To begin with, I would like to take you through some of the key 
developments and operational progress at each of our businesses followed by a 
summary of our financial performance for the quarter and half year gone by.  
Our agri businesses registered sustained momentum in revenues and profits 
during the quarter primarily on the back of excellent performance of the agri-inputs 
segment and improved results in our joint ventures. The agri-inputs segment 
reported a firm sales growth of 30% in this quarter over the corresponding quarter 
last year due to robust volumes delivered by all key products. ‘Hitweed’, our cotton 
herbicide and ‘Zymegold’, a plant growth regulator registered significantly higher 
volumes of 143% and 110% respectively. Our joint ventures, ACI Godrej and 
Godrej Tyson witnessed a turnaround in the operating environment enabling them 
to deliver healthy results. ACI Godrej marked a 70% increase in sales during this 
quarter over the corresponding quarter last year. Focus on aqua feed and cattle 
feed remain key to its performance during the year as external environment 
continues to be extremely volatile for poultry feed. At Godrej Tyson, revenues 
enhanced by 25% with firm contribution from sales volumes of ‘Yummiez’ and 
‘Quick Service Restaurants’ which grew by 44% and 32% respectively. I would like 
to share with you that during the quarter we also successfully launched two new 
products ‘Aloo Tikki’ and ‘Haryali Bite’ and have additional launches planned for the 
second half of the current year.  

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 2 of 10 
The animal feeds segment witnessed a growth of 9% in the first half of this year 
over the corresponding period last year. In the aqua feed segment, favorable 
conditions led to strong volumes growth in this quarter. Lower broiler placements 
and extremely volatile chicken prices are impacting the overall broiler feed market. 
Focused R&D facilitating launch of differentiated products has helped propel 
growth especially in the layer feed volumes.  
Coming to the performance of the oil-palm segment – improved volumes assisted in 
achieving a higher top-line as compared to the corresponding quarter last year. 
Also, the oil-palm segment has been incrementally adding acreage under 
cultivation each quarter thereby creating the foundation for strong growth in the 
years to come. A new palm kernel oil mill commenced operations in Tamil Nadu in 
September 2013. Our new oil mill at Mizoram is progressing well and is expected to 
commence operations in the last quarter of this fiscal.  
The latest addition to our agri portfolio, Godrej Seeds continues to expand strongly. 
Alongside concerted efforts to strengthen R&D, we entered new geographies in the 
Kharif season including the subsidy sales market in select geographies. Overall, the 
outlook for all the agri. businesses is favourable and we are positioned well to tap 
the prospects in the agri sector in India.   
In a challenging environment, Godrej Consumer Products has delivered 23% 
growth – well ahead of FMCG industry growth. Along with healthy top line growth, 
we have also delivered good operating profit growth with 20% EBITDA growth over 
the corresponding quarter last year. Godrej Consumer Products continues to be 
aggressive in launching new innovations that have been well accepted by our 
consumers. We are backing our new launches with strong investments. At the 
same time, we continue to intensify our efforts in enhancing our distribution and 
improving productivity through technology. 
Moving on to our property business - the second quarter witnessed strong financial 
performance, a successful capital raise and the expansion of our development 
portfolio. I am pleased to share with you that the Godrej Properties rights issue was 
oversubscribed and the Company raised Rs.700 crore - making it India’s largest 
rights issue in the first half of the current financial year. This capital has 
strengthened the Company’s balance sheet and has also increased GPL’s ability to 
continue to add value accretive new projects in key markets. 
During the second quarter, Godrej Properties added a new profit sharing joint 
venture in Gurgaon for a project that is approximately 1.2 million square feet of 
saleable area. Godrej Properties has also increased the scale of the Panvel 
township project by adding 37 acres to arrive at a total area of nearly 147 acres. 
We continue to believe that the current market situation, in which many developers 
and land owners are under liquidity pressure, presents us with a strong opportunity 
to add new projects at attractive terms. On the operations front, Godrej Properties 
successfully delivered 624 homes to its customers in the first Phase of Godrej 
Garden City in Ahmedabad, which is the Company’s first ever township project. I 
am happy to note that this hand over happened within the committed timelines to 
the customers. We remain extremely confident of the success of projects in the 
launch pipeline despite market conditions and look forward to timely execution of 
the launches. The achievements in the second quarter have been quite 
encouraging, validating our optimism in the future of our properties business in a 
challenging environment. 
Moving on to our oleo-chemicals business, the difficult global economic scenario 
and increasing competition in the domestic market continue to dampen 
performance. I would like to mention here that while we face challenges in the short 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 3 of 10 
term, we are optimistic on the long term prospects of the business. The new Oleo-
chemicals facility at Ambernath is on track and is expected to be operational in the 
second half of this year. This would bring about added capacity and also 
efficiencies and would thus improve margins.  
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights. During the quarter, our 
consolidated Net Profit stood at Rs. 94 crore marking a growth of 22% over the 
corresponding quarter last year. For the half year ended 30th September 2013, 
Consolidated Net Profit stood at Rs. 147 crore marking a growth of 24% over the 
corresponding period last year. 
At the Godrej Group, we believe in doing our part to drive more inclusive growth 
and sustainable development. Under our umbrella initiative that we call Godrej 
Good & Green, we have launched many initiatives for skills development, 
environmental sustainability and product innovations for the bottom of the pyramid. 
I am happy to share with you that our ‘Good and Green’ initiative has been awarded 
the prestigious Porter Prize that recognizes us for our efforts in creating shared 
value. The central premise behind shared value is that the competitiveness of a 
company and the communities around it are mutually dependent and this has the 
power to unleash the next wave of global growth and to refine capitalism. 
As I conclude, I would like to share that while the domestic environment still has 
numerous headwinds, we are hopeful that we will see improvements in the 
economy going forward. I am confident that through our disciplined strategy, our 
prudent approach in managing our businesses, our focus on agile execution and 
our committed team, we will be able to sustain and deliver strong growth and value 
for our stakeholders. 
Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to take your suggestions and 
answer any questions that you have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin the question 
and answer session. Our first question is from Kashyap Pujara of Axis Capital, 
please go ahead. 
Kashyap Pujara 
Basically my question is pertaining to the agrovet division. I was just looking at the 
palm oil, the veg oil revenues and the profitability - there has been a sharp 
improvement in the profitability in that business and predominately it looks like 
everything is from the oil palm business that we have in Agrovet. So if you can 
throw some light as to what is really happening there and can we see this 
performance to continue considering that we have huge room to improve as yields 
improve based on the maturity profile? 
Adi Godrej 
Before I ask Balram to answer your question I would just like to clarify that that 
category includes our international vegetable oil trading business under Godrej 
International. Now I will ask Balram to answer your question. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
So Oil palm business has done well primarily because of better efficiencies and 
good palm oil price however, our volumes of fresh fruit purchase has not been as 
planned because there is always a variation when we have a drought year or an 
excessive rain year. This year is excessive rain so we believe that the peak has 
been a little postponed so we expect the quarter 3 to be much better than expected 
and much better than last year. 
Kashyap Pujara 
While we are still adding acreages every year we still have a lot of room in terms of 
the current maturity profile to improve because most of the hectares that we have 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 4 of 10 
are still not matured to that extent. So can we expect that as the time goes by you 
will basically be increasingly seeing more traction on numbers from this division? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
The expectation is correct. 
Kashyap Pujara 
I am also seeing significant improvement in the agri inputs and the associate 
companies like the ACI and Tyson like what Mr. Godrej had mentioned. Could you 
throw some light as to how do we build, you know, what is the expectation of these 
businesses in the foreseeable future? How does agri inputs cater to performance? 
These kinds of stellar numbers that we have seen on Hitweed and Zymegold; are 
they structural in nature? Can it continue? What is the normalized trend that we 
see?  
Balram Singh Yadav 
So agri input division has gained from very good monsoons and a good start of 
monsoon is very good for agri input division because most of our products are used 
in the first half of kharif season that is July and August. So we really benefitted from 
very good monsoons this year and going forward if we have normal monsoons and 
timely monsoons these numbers can be grown and they are sustainable. 
Kashyap Pujara 
And on the ACI and Tyson what is your outlook there? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Both these businesses have done well just because they have done badly last 
year. So both have turned around this year so that is why you see such good 
numbers and this is likely to continue because in both these businesses we were 
continuously doing well for last several years barring the last year. 
Kashyap Pujara 
So we can expect margins to claw back further from here in those businesses? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes. 
Kashyap Pujara 
And lastly on the chemical division while I understand that the global outlook is 
challenging and that the performance is slightly below expectations but overall 
considering that we are moving to the new plant I wanted do understand how value 
addition is going to play out and what grades or what improved range of products 
that we can look at which can get us the margins or improve the margin profile 
overall? 
Nadir Godrej 
Our Ambernath plant will be starting up soon and we ramped up and as it ramps up 
there will be significant improvements because there is a more capacity to the 
Ambernath plant as well as more efficiency and we continue to introduce more 
value added products and we are also looking at investing in newer technologies 
where we will have a broader range of value added products including fractional 
crystallization but that is coming in the future. 
Nitin Nabar 
The efficiency will be better because there is no octroi in Ambernath. That will be 
an addition to our bottom line.  
Adi Godrej 
The other point I would like to make is as we move to Ambernath and we complete 
the movement of the Vikhroli plant to Ambernath we will continue our Trees 
development in Vikhroli which will add value to the Company. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sanjaya Satapathy of Bank of America 
Securities - Merrill Lynch, Please go ahead. 
Sanjaya Satapathy 
My question is relating to this agri input side. Can you just give us some sense of 
your new product plans there and what is the outlook for that? 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 5 of 10 
Balram Singh Yadav 
We have several products in the new product pipeline and one of our product 
which is under registration is rice herbicide. We have talked about this product but 
unfortunately it is taking a little more time to register this product. Hopefully we will 
be launching this product next year. I also need to tell you that our product 
‘Hitweed’ which is the cotton herbicide which has done very well this year is about 
one-sixth potential or in the other way the rice herbicide will have six times more 
potential than cotton herbicide because of the area alone. So we believe that rice 
herbicide should be launched next year and that will be another hit product from 
agri-input division. 
Sanjaya Satapathy 
Sir, we are seeing this herbicide perse doing very well for many other competitors 
of yours and probably that is the theme which is just starting up but being a late 
entrant or something is that a concern for you? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Herbicides are doing well because earlier the beating was done manually and the 
labor cost has gone up so chemicals are replacing labor. The second point is that 
there is enough space for everybody because India is not a monoculture area, it is 
a multi-culture area, we grow several crops both in kharif and Rabi, so there is 
opportunity for all because in agriculture no chemical can work on all the weeds. 
So it is very, very specific and one chemical can solve only one problem. So there 
is space for everybody. I do not think that we will have a saturation of herbicide 
market for next five to seven years. 
Sanjaya Satapathy 
And what kind of growth will you really target for next four to five years for the 
entire agri input chemical side for the next five year for yourself? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
So last year was a drought year so this year has been exceptionally good monsoon 
year so that is why the growth is very good. On a steady state basis and keeping 
an eye on the new products we have in the pipeline I believe a 20% to 25% growth 
for next three to five years this should not be difficult for agri-input division. 
Sanjaya Satapathy 
And my other question is if you can give us some idea about your animal feed 
business which had some kind of issues during this quarter but what is the real 
outlook there? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
I think the big issue with the animal feed business was that there is a big turmoil in 
the broiler market because the prices are very volatile and the broiler population 
has come down. When I say broiler population has come down just because the 
profitability is not assured so farmers have reduced their placement so the feed 
sales are low. The second thing is while rest of our businesses have gained 
immensely from very good monsoon, monsoon also results in very good fodder. So 
there the cattle feed took a hit during this quarter because there was lot of greens 
available for animals. Now all that is over and I believe that in Q3 and Q4 the 
animal feed tonnages will recover and will register growth over last year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sumit Sachdeva of Kotak Mahindra Bank. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumit Sachdeva 
It is Sumit here from Kotak. I wanted to basically understand as to how was the half 
year for your retail business which is Nature’s Basket? 
Adi Godrej 
I think Nature’s Basket is growing very well not only overall, we are opening new 
stores, but the same store sales growth is also good. Of course we have been 
affected slightly because of the rupee depreciation which has raised the cost of 
imported products but growth continues to be good and we expect to do even 
better in the future. 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 6 of 10 
Sumit Sachdeva 
Okay and one more question was on Godrej Seeds which basically is again 
growing strongly. Now on Godrej Seeds what does the future look like it, will it be a 
standalone seeds company or how do you think it growing? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Godrej Seeds you are talking about? 
Sumit Sachdeva 
Yes, Godrej Seeds. Basically how do you see next three to five years - how is it 
shaping up because in almost all the calls I think there is a lot of focus on Godrej 
Seeds? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Two to three things I want to say about Godrej Seeds. One is that it is a new 
business for us so we want to learn that business - that process is on. Second 
thing is that we want to invest in R&D so that we come with our products and we 
have the IP for those products because that is the value we can create through 
research and development initiatives in this business. Third, once we reach certain 
scale in next three, four years and are confident about our knowledge and 
understanding of the business there is a big opportunity of inorganic growth in this 
area. So this is the way we would like to pursue the future in this business. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Manish Gandhi, he is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
I have a few questions. My first question is to Mr. Adi Godrej and Nadir Godrej. Sir, 
I am a shareholder since last 10 years in Godrej Industries and highly impressed 
by your capital allocation decisions. So in that regard I just want to understand that 
we have invested around Rs. 400 crores in Godrej Properties rights so what kind of 
minimum compounding return or value appreciation has been considered by board 
for the next 10 years from the same investment? 
Adi Godrej 
No, I do not think the board has thought of a minimum capital appreciation but I 
have very often said that we feel Godrej Properties will be our fastest growing 
business. The real estate market in India has tremendous opportunities for growth 
unlike our other business whether it is Godrej Consumer Products or Godrej 
Agrovet we do not have to be overly concerned about share of market or growth of 
the category in this business and we have been growing quite well and I think this 
is the right time when the real estate market is not doing extremely well to take on 
new projects because the cost of getting into new projects at this time will be 
reasonable. So that is why we decided that this was a good time to raise capital 
and the reason we raised capital by a rights issue rather than by a QIP or some 
other means was that we feel the value of this company will grow tremendously in 
the years to come therefore we did not want the promoter shareholding to dilute. 
So that is the thinking behind the rights issue that is the thinking behind Godrej 
Industries subscribing to the rights issue and we expect it will pay a good dividend 
to the company in the future. 
Manish Gandhi 
My next question is to Mr. Pirojsha. I just want to understand now with this Rs. 700 
crore from the right issue and the Rs. 1,000 crore platform we have arewe still 
looking at Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 50 crore kind of PE deals? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We have been saying for quite some time that PE is now a less important part of 
our strategy. I think there still can be advantages to occasional PE deals. For 
example as you know last quarter rather in the first quarter we did a PE deal for a 
re-development project whereby we severely limited the amount of investment 
Godrej Properties has to incur, also managed to receive some profits from the 
project upfront. So I think if there are opportunities like that when it makes a lot of 
strategic sense for the company where we can restrict the investment we need to 
put in any given project and also upfront some of the returns it is still a viable option 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 7 of 10 
but that said I would expect to see much fewer PE deals than we have had in the 
past and certainly no deals with any sort of committed returns or anything like that. 
Manish Gandhi 
Just one more question. What do you think why the market is not giving any 
valuation because we have around 25 years of such a great land Vikhroli and 
management has been kind enough to give Godrej Properties 10% of the sales so 
why there is nothing in the valuation any thoughts on that? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think your guess is as good as mine. What I can say is that real estate is a very 
cyclical industry, I think people get a little over excited when things are good and a 
little over depressed when things are not so good. What we feel is that as long as 
we are prudently managing the business ensuring the financial strength of the 
company and continuing to use the opportunities at such weak times present which 
we have been very successfully on the business development front then once the 
economy in general picks up which it certainly will and once the real estate sector 
in turn benefits from that pick up which again it certainly will we will be very well 
placed to take advantage of that both through launches across the country and of 
course through superior realizations in Vikhroli and I think superior visibility and 
acceptance of the valuation in Vikhroli because I think there is no reason as you 
rightly suggested that the valuations of the land of Godrej Properties taken it should 
be as low as it currently is. 
Manish Gandhi 
One more question if you permit. Regarding today’s news about Panvel Airport 
finally it is getting nearer to the - so how far our land is from the airport? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I do not know the exact distance but it is a few kilometers, it is a huge boon to the 
project. We of course have gotten into this project with the idea that it is a location 
that is going to develop tremendously and I think my personal sense is this will 
probably turn out to be one of our best ever investment for the very, very small 
advance we have secured what is going to be a very exciting township and 
certainly this news today on the land purchase agreement being sorted out is a big 
positive for the Panvel market all in all. We are working full speed on the design 
and approval process and hope to take that project to market very soon. 
Manish Gandhi 
And a last question to Mr. Balram. Yeah Balram, congratulations for you and your 
team that you have built a business in last 5 to 7 years which is very resilient and 
hopeful that we can in the next decade take giant leap forward. I just want to know 
after Bangladesh success in last few years would we be looking at few other 
countries or we will be happy with the growth in India which is of course a great 
opportunity? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
So going by the success in Bangladesh we also evaluated some countries in Africa 
and also Myanmar and we realize that there is a greater opportunity in India and 
Bangladesh for next few years that we should concentrate our efforts here. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Umesh Raut of Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Umesh Raut 
Just wanted to understand outlook for the palm oil prices going ahead? 
Nadir Godrej 
We expect palm oil prices to be stable. They have shot up internationally in the last 
few weeks because Indonesian production was lower than expected. But I think 
this increase is now played out. International prices are not expected to rise further 
and one thing preventing further palm oil price increases is that crude oil is 
softening. American production of crude petroleum is very, very high and that will 
put a dampener on crude oil prices and some amount of palm oil goes into bio 
diesel and this is not so attractive at these prices but there are bio diesel mandates 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 8 of 10 
in Brazil, Indonesia thinking of increasing its bio diesel mandates so we think that 
palm oil prices should be stable. As for Indian palm oil prices, the weak rupee will 
ensure very high Indian palm oil prices. They will keep rising as long as the rupee 
is weak. If the rupee strengthens there will be some fall in palm oil prices 
denominated in rupees. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Bharat Sheth of Quest Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth 
First question is to Mr. Adi Godrej. Sir, earlier we were evaluating listing of Godrej 
Agrovet. So now what is your thinking on that? 
Adi Godrej 
We have no immediate plans to list Godrej Agrovet but that does not mean that 
listing is out of the question. In a three to five year framework there might be an 
opportunity. 
Bharat Sheth 
And second question sir for you on Godrej Properties. See Godrej Properties’ 
return on net worth as well ROCE is deteriorating over last few years. So when do 
you see that ROCE or return on net worth will start bouncing back again which was 
about three years back? And what are the strategies to improve on that? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think you very rightly pointed out that I think our ROC performance over the last 
couple of years has been inadequate and I think it is certainly something we are 
very focused on taking up and I think the whole model of the business being joint 
venture is to ensure that we are able to take it up. Just quickly let me comment on 
why I think the ROC numbers have not been adequate over the last couple of 
years. One I think is a very positive reason that the short term numbers are not 
been good and the other is not such a good reason. 
On the positive side if you look at it our portfolio is now about 40 projects, over 20 
of those projects has been added in the last two-and-half years. Now given the way 
real estate works before any benefits from the project are seen in the P&L and 
therefore in the ROCE numbers we have to get all the approvals in place, launch 
the project and manage some construction also before this enters the P&L. So I 
think all these new projects where we have been making investments will turn out 
to be very, very ROCE accretive but there is a slight horizon that one needs to 
keep in mind when looking at that. 
The other reason is a not so positive reason which is there on some of our older 
commercial projects we have lost in much more capital than we have intended 
because of the poor performance of the commercial markets in cities like Kolkata 
and Chandigarh. I think we have learnt the relevant lessons from that. We said that 
from a new project perspective by focusing on the residential space and we are 
making best efforts to exit these commercial projects but that is taking a little bit 
longer than expected. But once that commercial project unlocking happens and 
these new projects that we have added start entering in to P&L we expect our ROC 
and Return on Net Worth numbers to improve greatly over the next three years. 
Bharath Seth 
How much amount has been locked in these two - Chandigarh and Kolkata? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We currently have got Rs. 600 crore to Rs. 700 crore locked in, in three projects 
there. 
Bharath Seth 
So with now this rights issue proceeds coming in now we expect borrowing to 
come down. How will that improve our EBITDA margin because interest cost we 
put into the operational cost? 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 9 of 10 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Certainly EBITDA margin is also something that we expect to see go up as lot of 
these new projects start entering our P&L. These are in structures that inherently 
higher margin structures like profit sharing and development management fees but 
frankly quarter-to-quarter EBITDA margins has a lot more to do with the project mix 
than anything else. But certainly I think the balance sheet for Godrej Properties is 
the strongest that it has been in the last many years. Our net debt that was 
currently a little over Rs. 1,200 crores at the end of September which is the lowest 
it has been in two or three years. Our debt-to-equity ratio at under 0.6:1 is also very 
comfortable. So I think the company is well-positioned from a strength of balance 
sheet perspective to look at new investments and a lot of the projects we have 
already added will start benefitting the P&L in the quarters to come. 
Bharath Seth 
How much property will we be able to unlock from Godrej Industries once the 
Vikhroli plant is shifted to Ambernath? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
The Trees project which is already well underway is a 35 acre project which is  
about 3.5 million square feet of saleable area. 
Bharath Seth 
No, that is already that for which the payment has been made to Godrej Industries. 
What I am asking is that still Godrej Industries has got a one plant over there which 
will, over a period, be shifted to Ambernath with Ambernath commissioning? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, it is the same piece of land so beyond The Trees we are working on a 
development management fee structure with Godrej & Boyce where there will be a 
lot of future opportunity in addition to the Trees. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sumeet Rohra of Silver Stallion. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumeet Rohra 
Sir, all the businesses of the group are doing exceptionally well. I just wanted to 
quickly ask you on the chemicals part because we have done a revenue of Rs. 307 
crores against Rs. 347 crores in Q2 of 2013 and a PBIT of Rs. 12 crore versus Rs. 
24 crore. So do you think sir, this business has bottomed out and from here we can 
only see better times in the chemical part? And sir, secondly I wanted to ask you is 
that any update on the 6 to 7 acre land of the Bombay Port Trust what we have? 
Nadir Godrej 
As we mentioned earlier there will be improvements as the Ambernath plant starts 
up and starting of the plant will commence soon. There will be an Octroi saving and 
the new plants are more efficient so cost of energy will be lower. At Valia also there 
are expansions coming on street and we are going to use biomass boilers which 
are much cheaper than using gas today. Gas prices have short up a lot affecting 
the results so far but as we get our biomass boilers in place the margins will 
improve considerably. 
Adi Godrej 
As far as our land in Wadala is concerned we are discussing with the BPT and as 
such BPT has not  taken any decisions on development of such lands belonging to 
many other people also. As soon as they take any decision we would like to do a 
joint venture between Godrej Industries and Godrej Properties. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from Rahul Mehta, he is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Mehta 
My question is to Mr. Adi Godrej. I got a chance to ask this question to Pirojsha in 
the Godrej Properties con-call. So I just wanted to confirm with Mr. Godrej, Sir, we 
have been hearing you talking about 40x growth for Godrej Properties over the 
next 10 years but in your recent interview while you have been talking about 10x in 

Godrej Industries – Q2 & H1 FY14 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 10 of 10 
10 years for the group the 40x is not quite spoken about. So first I wanted to 
understand when you say 40x is it like top-line, bottom-line or what is it or is it the 
space that we plan to sell and if we are still not looking at that number what is the 
number that we really think with the new GDP growth rate - that do you think it is 
possible now in India whether it is 20x, 30x, 50x? If you can give us a broad sense 
of where we are headed that would be quite helpful? 
And my second question is regarding the Vikhroli land if you can tell us how much 
of the land do we already have in agreement between Godrej Properties and the 
Godrej Group and if it is not complete for the entire land when would it be complete 
in the entire agreement? 
Adi Godrej 
We have a group objective which we have stated about three years ago that our 
growth objective on the top-line sales growth objective is 10x10 which means 10x 
in 10 years which is a compounded annual growth rate of above 26%. We continue 
to maintain that objective for the group as a whole. That particular objective 10x10 
is also coincidently the objective for Godrej Consumer Products as a company. 
Over the last two years we have exceeded that growth rate - we have been 
growing at about 30%. We expect to continue to follow that path and we expect the 
Indian economy to recover soon. Some of our companies may not grow that fast 
such as our chemicals business and some of our engineering businesses. On the 
other hand some of our businesses such as Godrej Properties are expected to 
grow at a faster rate. So therefore the 10x10 objective is maintained. As far as the 
rate of growth of Godrej Properties it will depend a lot on how the economy does 
and the real estate sector does but the real estate sector once it picks up can be a 
big opportunity for very rapid growth. We have had very fast growth in Godrej 
Properties in some years even as high as high as 70% and more. So recovering to 
a higher growth rate will be possible once the real estate sector starts picking up. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is a follow up question from Kashyap Pujara of Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Pujara 
Just one bookkeeping question pertaining to the other income - I think in the first 
half we have seen a reasonable other income coming in. Could you just give some 
breakup on that front? 
Clement Pinto 
This is largely - there were lot of surpluses which have built up both in Godrej 
Industries and Godrej Properties - these are the interest income which we have 
earned on these surplus deployed. 
Moderator 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the 
floor back to the management for closing comments. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the company we will 
be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us 
on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Godrej Industries Limited 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
