 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 1 
 
 
 
 
 
Hinduja Global Solutions 
Q3 FY2014 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 12, 2014 
 
 
 
 
Management: Mr. Partha De Sarkar – CEO, Hinduja Global Solutions 
 Mr. Srinivas Palakodeti – CFO, Hinduja Global Solutions 
 
 
 
                                       
 
 
 
 
              
 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 2 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2014 Earnings 
Conference Call by Hinduja Global Solutions Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Bijay Sharma of Churchgate Partners. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Sharma. 
Bijay Sharma 
Thank you Mallika. Good afternoon everyone and I welcome you to Hinduja 
Global Solutions’ Q3 FY2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us today on this 
call are Mr. Partha De Sarkar – CEO and Mr. Srinivas Palakodeti – CFO. Before 
we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today’s 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. For a list of such considerations, please refer to our earnings 
presentation. Now, I would like to invite Mr. De Sarkar to provide his perspective 
on the performance for this quarter. Over to you, Sir. 
Partha De Sarkar 
Thank you Bijay. Thank you and welcome everyone to Hinduja Global Solutions 
Earnings Conference Call to discuss our results for the third quarter of the fiscal 
year 2014. We hope you had a chance to review our presentation and financials 
which are available under the investor’s section of our website. I would like to start 
by providing an overview of this quarter’s financials, followed by highlights of our 
key strategic and operational performance across the geographies. Post that, I will 
hand over the call to our CFO – Mr. Srinivas Palakodeti to discuss the financial 
performance. We will then open the call for an interactive Q&A session. 
It gives us great pleasure to talk about another quarter of strong financial 
performance. This is our fourth consecutive quarter of high growth and improved 
margins. In Q3 FY2014, our consolidated revenues, EBITDA and PAT achieved 
new heights despite a stronger Rupee compared to Q2 FY2014. During the quarter, 
our consolidated revenues increased by 26% on year-on-year basis to Rs. 6,569 
million. This strong growth was driven by increase in volumes from existing 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 3 
customers and new client additions. Geographies such as the Philippines, North 
America, Canada and India experienced strong volume growth during the quarter. 
Of the 26% growth achieved, volume growth contributed 15% and foreign 
exchange gains contributed the remaining 11%. 
Our consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 919 million, representing a 
growth of 72.3% compared to the same period last year. EBITDA margin for the 
quarter increased by 375 basis points compared to Q3 FY2013 to reach 14%. The 
significant growth in EBITDA and margin improvement was due to better capacity 
utilization levels at delivery centers across all geographies. Further our continued 
focus on performance management and cost control measures have started yielding 
results. The portfolio rationalization exercise of exiting from some of our low 
margin relationships or reworking of contracts with price revisions have also been 
helping. 
Our consolidated profit after tax for the quarter was Rs. 541 million, an increase of 
approximately 170% compared to the same period last year. This improvement was 
due to higher EBITDA and lower interest expense as a result of debt repayment and 
better working capital management. The current quarter’s profit after tax also 
included a one-time tax reversal credit for prior periods of Rs. 96 million. PAT 
margin for the quarter was 8.2%, an increase of 440 basis points compared to Q3 
FY2013. 
Based on our consistent robust financials and strong outlook, the Board of 
Directors has decided to declare an interim dividend of Rs. 5 per share. 
Moving to the discussion on operational performance of our geographies, the US 
economy continues to improve, driven by better consumer confidence and business 
investments. As mentioned during our last quarter’s conference call, the US 
healthcare reforms had started from 1st October 2013 and despite some technical 
challenges faced by the exchanges, the open enrolment session recorded significant 
increase in volumes. Going forward, we anticipate further increase in outsourcing 
activity from the health insurance companies. During the quarter, we signed a 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 4 
contract with a large financial services client and expect revenues to accrue from 
FY2015. We also added a client in the consumer electronics vertical which will be 
serviced from Philippines, starting Q4 FY2015. An international FMCG company 
which was being serviced from the UK has recently signed a contract for delivery 
from the US. We have opened a new office in Princeton to expand the EBOS 
business. The US operations remain focused on improving client profitability 
through price revisions and operational efficiencies. HGS US continues to invest in 
sales and marketing team with a focus on large deals with multiple geography 
delivery models across verticals. 
Our Canadian operations have also demonstrated robust performance. December 
2013 recorded the highest ever monthly revenues. This growth was achieved 
despite a loss of productive man hours due to inclement weather conditions. Our 
offshore revenues from Canada improved, driven by a new project launched in Q2 
FY2014. We are currently in the process of ramping up various onshore and 
offshore projects from Canada which are expected to improve revenues for the 
operations going forward. 
The performance of our European operations remained under pressure during the 
quarter due to the prevailing subdued macroeconomics scenario. The core CRM 
business remained soft but HGS Europe continues to focus on building up new 
business pipeline in the government, retail, consumer goods and telecom sectors. 
During the quarter, we also appointed Mr. Matthew Vallance as the CEO of HGS 
Europe to strategically expand the operations. 
As discussed during the previous quarters, we were selected as one of the four 
approved government outsourcers with the government procurement service. I am 
pleased to report that we have recently signed a contract with a UK government 
department. This contract is expected to contribute to revenues and profitability 
from FY2015. We also secured additional business for technical support from an 
existing telecom client. Also in Q3 FY2014, we increased our focus on marketing 
and rebranding initiatives, the benefits of which would be evident in the coming 
quarters. The good news is that the European economy is finally showing the first 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 5 
signs of revival, leading us to believe that the worse is probably over and better 
days of growth are ahead. 
Our Philippines operation, which was struggling in FY2013 because of excess 
capacity, has been able to continue its remarkable recovery in FY2014. The first 
outsourcing client from Canada has been operating optimally and is expected to 
expand seats in the coming months, driven by improvements of operational 
metrics. During the quarter, one of our largest consumer electronics client 
demonstrated strong increase in volumes. Further, various clients who were in a 
ramp up mode during the last quarter are now performing well. We recently 
received approvals to increase seats from an existing healthcare and a BFSI client. 
The Philippines operations received a pilot project from a client in the healthcare 
vertical for providing data maintenance and telephone case management. The 
training for this project started in December 2013 and is expect to be fully 
operational by February 2014. 
We also started training of 50 FTEs for a consumer electronics client, which is 
expected to reach 100 FTEs in the coming year. Keeping this strong demand in 
view, we started two new centers in Alabang, Philippines in January 2014 to 
service clients in the healthcare and the financial services verticals. The centers 
have around 750 seats and we hope to fill them by the end of FY2015. For the 
EBOS business, we received a contract from a new healthcare client which is 
expected to start from February 2014 with registered nurses providing outbound 
pre-authorizations calls.  
Also, HGS Philippines has been selected by an existing healthcare client to handle 
new lines of services including medical case management with an estimated size of 
80-100 FTEs. We have also received approval from an existing US-based financial 
services client for additional 100-150 FTEs to service card members from our 
Alabang site and is expected to start from June 2014. 
Based on strong demand and the sales pipeline, the outlook of our Philippines 
operation is very exciting. We anticipate significant growth in revenues in the 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 6 
coming quarters. However, the profitability may be a bit muted in the near term as 
the cost of ramp up is going to be incurred before the revenues come in. 
Moving to India international operations, traditionally the third quarter has been 
strong for the healthcare business and during the quarter, we experienced robust 
growth across all key existing healthcare clients. This operation has also been 
experiencing increased demand for the new lines of services from existing clients. 
Considering the rise in revenue and cost incurred during the first half of the year, 
the profitability of this operation showed significant improvement. We have also 
expanded our facility in Bangalore to address the increased demand from our 
healthcare clients. A combination of Philippines and India has shown an increased 
off-shoring demand, and today our off-shoring revenues are about 36% of our total 
revenues. 
Our India domestic CRM services have been flat compared to Q3 FY2013 as we 
exited some of the unprofitable accounts. The portfolio churn accompanied by rate 
increases and other performance enhancement measures have shown significant 
improvements in profitability. The ongoing initiatives for our performance 
improvement and corrective measures undertaken during the year are expected to 
result in further enhancement in margins going forward. 
HGS is also receiving encouraging response from clients in the Middle East and 
North Africa region and we are focused on driving business from the Middle East 
during FY2015. This is for our HRO services as well as for traditional CRM 
services. Our first CRM client from this region who has been serviced from 
Hyderabad continues to do well. We are excited at the future prospects of this 
region. 
In summary, we have consistently delivered a strong financial and operational 
performance despite strengthening of the Rupee compared to Q2 FY2014. Our 
robust growth has been supported by superior performance across all geographies, 
except Europe. However, we expect the performance of our European operations to 
improve in the long term. We are also focused on continually enhancing our 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 7 
margins and gradually improving shareholder returns. Management continues to 
see strong broad-based demand for its services across geographies and verticals. 
However, in the consumer electronics sector we foresee some challenges. As you 
all know, the Japanese consumer electronics brands are having a tough time in the 
market place and are experiencing decline in sales and volumes. As a result of that, 
the consumer electronics portion of our portfolio may suffer some shrinkage but on 
the strength of a robust sales pipeline and emphasis on new lines of services, we 
expect our growth momentum to continue. 
I would now like to hand over to Pala who will walk us through the financials in 
detail. Over to you Pala, and thank you all for being with us on the call today. 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
Thank you Partha. Good afternoon everyone. I would like to welcome you once 
again for joining our Q3 FY2014 Earnings Conference Call. Traditionally, the third 
quarter has been strong for our business compared to the first two quarters and this 
quarter was no different. The consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at Rs. 
6,569 million representing an increase of 26% compared to the same period last 
year. 
Our EBOS acquisition was done effective 8th October 2012 and hence financials 
for Q3 FY2014 are comparable to Q3 FY2013. Of the total revenue growth of 
26%, around 15.4% of the growth was an account growth in volumes from existing 
clients and new clients addition, and the balance is on account of exchange rate 
variations of the Rupee versus the Dollar and the Peso versus the Dollar. Offshore 
business for the quarter came at 36% of the total revenues.  
In terms of exchange rates, the average rate for the quarter of the US Dollar to the 
Rupee was at 61.97 compared to 54.31 for the quarter ended December 2012. 
Average exchange rate for the Philippine Peso to the US Dollar changed from 
41.00 for the quarter ended December 2012 to 43.8 for the quarter ended 
December 2013. As of December 2013, the US Dollar to the Rupee rate was 61.86 
while the Dollar to the Peso rate stood at 44.40. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 8 
In terms of revenue breakdown by geography, the performance across all 
geographies has been as per our expectations. US accounted for 60% of the total 
consolidated revenues, Canada accounted for 23%, UK and Europe 9% and the 
balance 8% was contributed from India. Compared to the quarter ended December 
2012, the share of US remained unchanged at 60% but there have been some 
changes in contributions from other geographies. Contribution from Canada has 
increased from 20% in Q3 FY2013 to 23% in Q3 FY2014. The contribution from 
the UK and Europe declined from 11% to 9% as a result of the increase in other 
geographies. In India, the revenues of HGS Business Services, the HRO business 
grew 45% while the India CRM business remained flat. Overall share of India 
originating business fell from about 9% in quarter ended December 2012 to 8% for 
the quarter ended December 2013. 
Moving to the revenue split by verticals, contribution from healthcare vertical 
increased to 27% from 25% in the same period last year. Our contribution from the 
telecom vertical has increased from 30% to 32% for the quarter ended December 
2013. The consumer electronics vertical declined by about 150 basis points 
compared to the same period last year due to a weaker demand scenario from 
clients. Contribution from other verticals remained flat with financial services and 
media verticals accounting for 8% and 7%, respectively. 
During the quarter, our consolidated EBITDA was Rs. 919 million, an increase of 
72.3% over the same period last year. Our consolidated EBIDTA margin has 
improved significantly by 375 basis points to reach 14% for the quarter. This 
improvement in EBITDA margin is due to better capacity utilization levels across 
all geographies coupled with benefits from continued efforts on performance 
management, cost control measures and portfolio review. 
Employee benefit expenses for the quarter increased from Rs. 3,534 million in 
quarter ended December 2012 to Rs. 4,333 million for the quarter ended December 
2013. However, as a percentage of total revenues it declined from 67.8% for the 
quarter ended December 2012 to 66% for the quarter ended December 2013. While 
the depreciation expense for the quarter increased by 11% in absolute terms, as a 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 9 
percentage of total revenue it declined to 3.5% for the quarter ended December 
2013 as compared to 4.0% for the quarter ended December 2012. 
Interest expense for the quarter declined by 9% compared to the quarter ended 
December 2012. This decline was primarily due to debt repayment and better 
working capital management. Interest expense currently accounts for 1.6% of total 
revenues as compared to 2.3% for the same period last year. Our other income has 
fallen from about Rs. 115 million for the quarter ended December 2012 to Rs. 39 
million for the quarter ended December 2013 due to relative exchange rate 
variations over the quarter ended September for the same year. 
Despite the drop in other income, PBT for the quarter ended December 2013 stood 
at Rs. 618 million, 92% higher than PBT of Rs. 321 million for the quarter ended 
December 2012. Tax for the quarter ended December 2013, net of MAT credit for 
the quarter, stood at Rs. 172.5 million roughly at about 28% of the PBT. As you 
would have seen from our press release and publication page, we have also availed 
MAT credit of Rs. 41.3 million for Q1 FY2014 and Q2 FY2014 and Rs. 54.4 
million for the prior years. 
PAT for the quarter was Rs. 541 million as compared to Rs. 200 million for the 
quarter ended December 2012 an increase of about 171%. The MAT asset 
recognition was due to the merger between HGS Business Services and our SEZ 
Company HGS International Services. Normally SEZs are exempt from tax but 
they are required to pay MAT. Till now, we could not recognize this amount being 
paid to the Government as a recoverable advance or a MAT asset because there is 
no certainty on utilizing this as there would be a time limit and the normal tax rates 
would effectively come in after 15 years. Based on a consolidated structure, we are 
now able to recognize these MAT assets and hence we have recognized a total 
amount of Rs. 112.6 million, of which Rs. 41.3 million pertains to first half of this 
fiscal year and Rs. 54.4 million pertains to the earlier years. 
Our business ROCE excluding treasury income from EBIT and excluding treasury 
cash from capital employed came to 17.2% for the quarter and for YTD it is 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 10 
around 17%. We are comfortable with our current capital structure. Our total debt 
as of 31st December 2013 was Rs. 6,362 million. Our cash and treasury surplus at 
the end of the quarter was Rs. 5,740 million resulting in net debt of Rs. 621 
million. Our networth at the end of the quarter was Rs. 14,650 million, and based 
on current debt, we have a conservative leverage position of the debt / equity of 
0.43x and net debt / LTM EBITDA of 0.20x. 
Our total headcount as of 31st December 2013 was 25,676, an increase of 
approximately 1,000 employees compared to quarter ended September 2013. 
Headcount has increased across all geographies. The headcount of India Domestic 
CRM business declined by around 350, but an increase of 606 in India 
International and payroll business has led to net increase of around 250 for India-
based headcount. Of the total headcount 59% are based in India, 17% in 
Philippines, 10% in US, 11% in Canada and the remaining are in UK and Europe. 
The total number of seats as at end-December 2013 was 24,400. 
With this I would like to open the call for a Q&A session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Canara 
Robeco Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar 
I have just two questions. One is that we have seen that the retail sale in the US 
was not as good as expected and also in January there was an ice-storm in Canada 
and North America. So, do we expect this to result in any slowdown affecting our 
Q4 FY2014 performance? And also if you could just give how is Canada 
subsidiary doing because in the annual day, there was a mention of new 
opportunities being opened in that geography regarding BFSI space?  
Partha De Sarkar 
I did mention about the fact that the consumer electronics clients are facing 
slowdown in demand and therefore we are also being watchful as to what our 
exposure is to such clients. We expect some softness in demand from some of our 
clients in the consumer electronics verticals but our volumes may not be impacted 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 11 
because the capacities are being utilized for additional volumes from the telecom 
and other consumer electronics clients. 
You also mentioned something about Canada, I did mention that we did have a 
situation with climate in Canada and whole of the US, which resulted in some man 
days being lost but despite that our revenue from Canada has been the highest 
historically because the demand was so high. Canada continues to do very well and 
we are still in talk with a financial services provider who has shortlisted us. The 
contract is not yet signed but I would say that we are in advanced stages. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from Quantum 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre 
Sir, just a few housekeeping questions. At what price have we booked the 
Canadian revenues and UK revenues at exchange rate? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
So the rate for the Canadian dollar came in at about 58.69 for the quarter. 
Mahesh Bendre 
And Pound? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
Pound for the quarter average would be roughly about 101. 
Mahesh Bendre 
And Sir, our seat numbers stood at around 24,401, which is actually a sequential 
drop of 426, so any specific reason for behind the reduction in the seat numbers? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
Yes. As I mentioned we have been very selective on our India Domestic business 
and are utilizing existing facilities for expansion of India International operation. 
In centers like Bangalore, we have been able to convert some of the assets from 
domestic business for international operations instead of building new seats. 
Sometimes an India International client requires larger seats because some of the 
processes need more space for two computers. So, there has been some 
realignment of seats, as a result the seats have not increased in line with 
employees. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 12 
Mahesh Bendre 
And Sir, another observation is that in the UK, the employees number have come 
off by probably 200. I mean there is a reduction in the UK employee base, so any 
specific reason for that? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
When we look at these numbers from a percentage perspective, you may be doing 
some approximation but I can give you the exact employee breakup. So as at 31st 
December 2013, the number of employees in the UK is about 800 levels and in 
September 2013 it is about 805. 
Mahesh Bendre 
And Sir, what is the current utilization across our facilities? And how long will we 
be able to grow without substantial addition of manpower? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
Is your question manpower or seats? 
Mahesh Bendre 
No, I am just asking what the current utilization level is and how long will we keep 
utilizing till we have reached the optimum utilization level? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
So as you said, our seats are running at fairly high capacity utilization in almost all 
geographies. In the UK, obviously things have been depressed so there is some 
slack. But you know as we said earlier, we have opened two new centers in 
Philippines looking at the volume of business which is coming in. 
Mahesh Bendre 
In the press release, we have mentioned that we have signed the contract with an 
UK government department and the revenue is likely to accrue from FY2015. And 
in the initial remarks also, you mentioned that we have signed a couple of contracts 
where revenues are expected to flow in from next year onwards. So could you 
provide some details and even quantify the possible contribution in FY2015? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Mahesh, we have stayed away from giving guidance. We cannot give you specific 
numbers because that is not something that we have historically done. So, we 
would not able to share with you very specific numbers on what FY2015 is going 
to look like. 
Mahesh Bendre 
No, but will this contribution be substantial? 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 13 
Partha De Sarkar 
It is going to be good. 
Mahesh Bendre 
So this will be additional incremental revenue to our revenue stream. 
Partha De Sarkar 
That is correct. 
Mahesh Bendre 
And Sir, last question. We have reached the fag end of this financial year. We have 
performed exceptionally well in the first nine months. So what is the outlook for 
the fourth quarter of this financial year and for FY2015 in terms of growth and the 
margin? 
Partha De Sarkar 
I can give you qualitative statements. We would be able to sustain our growth 
momentum in fourth quarter. And for FY2015, the pipeline is very strong, and we 
believe a large part of the pipeline will convert and give us volumes in FY2015 and 
contribute to our revenue. 
Mahesh Bendre 
And in terms of margins I mean we have hit a 14% margin this quarter. So do you 
expect there could be some additional cost that might come up in Philippines and 
could there be some drop on margin side? So just wondering what is the outlook 
for next year? 
Partha De Sarkar 
See our second half is stronger than the first half. So that trend may continue. As of 
today, there might be some softness in Philippines because there is a time lag 
between the cost that we incur because of ramp-up and the revenues when they 
come in. So, it is a temporary phenomenon over a business cycle. These temporary 
blips are not something I would be too concerned about.  
Mahesh Bendre 
For next year, do you expect at least a double-digit volume feasible given the 
number of contracts that are likely to come up? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Again, you are asking me for a very specific number. I would not able to give you 
guidance. I can only talk about our track record. Our CAGR over the last five years 
have been higher than 20%. I would not be able to give you a specific guidance on 
what FY2015 would be. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 14 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Goela from Rare 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Amit Goela 
Just one question, I had a housekeeping question. You had a MAT credit of Rs. 11 
crores this time, so effectively what would be your tax rates going forward? Will it 
revert back to the old rates or is this how we can treat it like? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
The total MAT credit is Rs. 11.26 crores, of which Rs. 1.7 crores is for the current 
quarter. As we have now started recognizing the MAT credit, this will remain at 
approximate same level going forward. Rs. 4.12 crores pertains to Q1 FY2014 and 
Q2 FY2014, and Rs. 5.43 crores is for the previous years. So, Rs. 5.43 crores 
pertains to previous financial years and Rs. 4.12 crores pertains to first half of this 
fiscal year. If I exclude this MAT and take a net estimation against my tax, you 
will come back to a figure of about 28%. 
Amit Goela 
So the effective tax rate will be about 28%. You gave a fairly robust guidance in 
terms of going forward in your initial remarks. Partha, you mentioned that we have 
got some good business deals and leads. So, is it that we are seeing increased 
momentum or how is the competition for this kind of business or is it just business 
where we have been able to get market share or business itself is growing very 
rapidly? 
Partha De Sarkar 
So Amit, even in the earlier analyst meet, I had mentioned that the total market size 
is about Rs. 240 billion and it is growing annually at a rate of 5% as per Gartner. It 
is a fragmented market so there is enough available for everybody. We seem to be 
at a point where our sales team is performing very well. So, even during the slow 
down what we did do was to invest in sales which is yielding results. So where we 
are seeing our pipeline today, I am very bullish about how FY2015 is going to be 
like. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of BT Jumani an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 15 
BT Jumani 
This is a question regarding the interview given by Pala in IIFL regarding Obama 
Care. I would like to know how much will be the opportunity from Obama Care to 
the overall industry and how much is the share likely to come, even assuming we 
cannot take the share ourselves? How much is the opportunity and can there be any 
inflection point? 
Partha De Sarkar 
So this question is to Pala or to me? 
BT Jumani 
It is to you but this is regarding the effect of how much is the business which is 
now going to come from Obama Care either to all the companies or to our 
company? 
Partha De Sarkar 
So let me try and attempt that. So, 39 million is the size of the total population that 
can get included in health insurance as a result of Obama Care. Obama Care is the 
popular name and the real name is Affordable Care Act. So, 39 million is the size 
of the population. Our data is about a month old; Out of the 39 million, about 2 
million would have converted because of a problem with the website. It is very 
difficult to give you an accurate number and I hope you are aware of the problem 
that happened with the website there, right? 
BT Jumani 
Yes, I am. 
Partha De Sarkar 
So because of that, it is difficult to give you an accurate number of what the exact 
computation is because there is still some lag in the system and we do not have an 
exact number. But to explain briefly, of 39 million - whatever be the percentage of 
conversion - there will be an increase in the total volume of people who are insured 
today. That will result in higher processing volumes; they would result in newer 
challenges because what will happen is this is also going to be the population 
which was not covered by health insurance earlier because of various reasons. So 
there will be pressure on the insurers to be able to service this portfolio of clients in 
a profitable way. The SG&A spends will have to be kept on least for them to be 
able to enjoy margins from this portfolio. And the way to improve SG&A spend is 
to do more outsourcing and also, to some extent that it is allowed by regulation, to 
offshore. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 16 
So that is why we believe that this is a big opportunity for us because if you looked 
at some of the reports that we have shared on our Analyst Day, we are rated #3 in 
execution so far as healthcare as an industry is concerned. And that is a very strong 
position to be in, even in comparison with other competitors who are bigger brands 
than us. We hope to enjoy the ride because we have got very strong domain 
expertise in healthcare. It has been our oldest vertical and a very strong presence 
across almost all the top insurers in the US. 
BT Jumani 
Can you quantify in terms of dollars and timings? 
Partha De Sarkar 
I would not be able to give you a dollar number. I gave you the numbers of people 
that can possible get covered under Healthcare Act. 
BT Jumani 
And timing? 
Partha De Sarkar 
No, it is going to be a gradual thing. So that is why I would not be able to give you 
an accurate number but we are seeing those volumes slowly convert and had the 
website problem not happened, we would have been in a better position. But right 
now, we are still in a catch-up mode because the website just started functioning. 
BT Jumani 
You are opening three centers, two in Philippines and one probably in India. Is it 
going to affect the bottom-line in the fourth quarter? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Fourth quarter is almost done, so I believe that the fourth quarter margins are going 
to be in a similar range as third quarter. I have mentioned about the fact that 
because the ramp up cost comes ahead of actual revenue kicking in, our 
Philippines numbers may be a little muted in FY2015. That is the visibility that I 
have today. But it is possible that it gets made up by margins improving across 
other centers.  
Moderator 
Next follow up question is from Mahesh Bendre from Quantum Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 17 
Mahesh Bendre 
Sir, just a follow up question. In one of your interviews a few weeks back, you had 
mentioned that a company like ours is finding difficult to acquire new companies 
because of devaluations. So your view on that and what geographies and verticals 
are we looking at for acquisition and also size if possible? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Mahesh, valuations have actually gone up quite a bit. So, right now while we are 
looking at acquisitions, at current valuation it does not make sense. Beyond that, I 
do not think I have anything specific to add to that. It is not something that we are 
looking at right now because we do believe the market is very, very overheated. 
Mahesh Bendre 
Sir, is it they are quoting more than 5x EV/EBITDA? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Yes, it is. For example, one asset that we looked at in Germany was about 8x 
EBITDA and there is no way we could have justified paying that amount. So we 
have decided to go slow on all those kinds of bids. 
Mahesh Bendre 
Is it reasonable to assume that in the next two-three quarters, there would not be 
any acquisition as such coming our way as things stand? 
Partha De Sarkar 
See if valuations are at the level at which we are seeing currently, it does not make 
any sense. However, if there is something opportunistic that comes out which is in 
the healthcare space, which is not such an expensive one, we may look at it. But 
clearly overpaying for an acquisition is something that we have never done in the 
past and we would not do in the future as well. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Gupta from Rare 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gupta 
I have two questions. The first one is how much cash did we generate in this 
quarter both before and after CAPEX? And the second one is just related to some 
commentary made earlier about an acquisition in Germany. I just wanted to 
understand management’s thought process that given the fact that, you know if you 
look at Indian companies, their track record of acquisitions in Europe is not been 
very successful, then why would we not stick with just Anglo-Saxon countries? 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 18 
Why would we look for an acquisition in Germany and what is the strategic 
rationale? How do you see the fit with our core business, what are the risks you see 
even assuming we got it at a price that you considered was reasonable? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Okay so that is a fairly different question and a larger question. I will address that 
second question later. Pala, if you could finish the first question please. 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
So the CAPEX for the quarter is about Rs. 29 crores and the cash flow from 
operations came in roughly at about Rs. 60 crores. 
Manish Gupta 
So the free cash flow was about Rs. 31 crores? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
That is right. 
Partha De Sarkar 
So you want me to answer the question about our specific interest in Germany? 
Manish Gupta 
Yes please. 
Partha De Sarkar 
The way we look at it is that we are always on the lookout for newer markets, and 
Germany is the largest economy in the Eurozone and one of the strongest 
economies. So we were evaluating Germany from the perspective to look at it as 
opening up a new market for us and we went to the market just to understand the 
dynamics of the market, and we realize that there are very few players who are 
non-German who are large there. So a part of our exploring newer markets is to 
understand the market dynamics explore opportunities and see whether it makes 
sense from us a strategic perspective. 
That’s the thing that we did when we tried to look at this particular asset and it give 
us a lot of interesting insights in to Germany the market place, who are the players, 
what works and what does not work. It is a good learning for the team as a whole. 
And we decided to stay out of the process. So does it answer your question? 
Manish Gupta 
You have explained why you did not acquire the asset. I think my question is 
broader - why would you, given the huge opportunity you see in healthcare in the 
US, and while you are getting a lot of traction in Canada where I think you are one 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 19 
of the market leaders. Why would you not channel your capital in areas that you 
are strong in, and domains where you understand the culture and where language is 
not an issue. Given the market is so big, why would you even venture in to 
territories where your probability of success is less and challenges of integration 
would be so much more than just sticking with Anglo-Saxon countries? 
Partha De Sarkar 
That is an interesting question. It is actually a philosophical question. In 2003, 
when we went in to Philippines nobody had heard about Philippines. Did you hear 
about Philippines then? Well, Philippines has a very large population that speaks 
English in the accent which Americans prefer. So in some sense, one could argue 
that there was some cultural familiarity of the Americans and the people of 
Philippines, and the Indians in the Philippines because of their common English 
language. But in 2003, nobody knew about that, right? People woke up to 
Philippines only as late as 2009-2010, right? We were there in Philippines in 2003. 
If we do not explore, we would not know. Nobody was there in Canada when we 
went to find a great market there. So, unless you explore, you would not know, and 
you can then take a strategic view whether you want to play in that market or not. 
That is a completely strategic call. That is the way we view opportunities. And 
there is no getting away from the fact that we have established presence in the 
North American market and we are going to exploit that more and more. We have 
a very strong presence in healthcare and we want to grow that more and more. I am 
just saying that if you do not look at something which is new, we just will not 
know what opportunities lies there. And if we had not gone to Philippines in 2003, 
we would have been very, very late in the game. In Canada, we are probably the 
second Indian company. So these have come about just because we chose to 
explore and not get satisfied in staying in our comfort zone. 
Manish Gupta 
Okay I think I will take that offline with you, Partha. I think we had this debate 
before.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jagdish Bhanushali from Athena 
Investment Services. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 20 
Jagdish Bhanushali 
My question is that in this quarter, we have a very good growth in the healthcare 
vertical. I wanted to know whether it did come from provider side or the payer 
side. And the second thing is in FY2015, in which side do we see growth - payer 
side or provider side? 
Partha De Sarkar 
 With the recent healthcare reform, the distinction between payer and providers is 
gradually going away. Because what is happening is lot of the payers are actually 
ending up buying the providers, making them a part of their network and therefore 
managing their healthcare costs. So, with healthcare reforms happening, 
Accountable Care is the main thing and therefore that delineation is increasingly 
going to be very, very thin. The specific answer to the question is because payers 
are such a large percentage of our revenues today, the increase also comes from the 
payer side of the business. But interestingly while it is coming for the peer clients, 
it pertains to provider side of the business. So, let us say they have a network of 
clinics and hospitals, and all are part of their network, whom they can refer all their 
patients too. So the work that they are giving us pertains to servicing those 
providers. So, therefore the answer to your question is a bit of both.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon 
I just wanted a couple of data points. One is how long does it take you from hire to 
deployment in Philippines and in India? 
Partha De Sarkar 
About 30 to 45 days. 
Ravi Menon 
And I have noticed that before this, we had ramped up in April-June quarter in 
Philippines and then it went down a little bit. I mean was it because we just had 
backfill attrition or was there some kind of a layoff. I mean we went down about 
3,900 people or about 3700 or so? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Which quarter are you talking about? 
Ravi Menon 
That was from the April-June quarter to the July-September quarter? 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 21 
Partha De Sarkar 
Okay, you are talking about data from two quarters back. To give you a specific 
answer to this question, I really have to hunt my memory as to what happened in 
that. But let me tell you that we may have situations where we fill up our seats to 
handle seasonal volumes. When the season goes down, we either let them go or if 
coincidentally, some new business comes in then we keep them. It is very normal 
for us to ramp up and down for the season because of the holiday season rush or 
because of the open enrolment that happens during the end of the year for our US 
clients. It is very normal and if you can retain the business well and good, 
otherwise if something else comes up, we can employ those people. If you do not 
have something else to employ those people, then those who are on short term 
employment contracts, we will let them go. 
 Ravi Menon 
There is a slight decrease in the headcount in Canada, is that related to a ramp up 
in Philippines? 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
Just to make sure, are you applying percentages on the numbers which you have 
shared? 
Ravi Menon 
Yes, that is what I am doing. I mean I am looking at the head count that you have 
given 25,576 and the break up by geography, and I am arriving at headcount for 
each geography. 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
So you know, I guess there is some approximation going on. If I look at Canada in 
December 2012, we were at 2,178 and December 2013, we are about 2,848. So 
there is an increase of more than 600 employees between December 2012 and 
December 2013. 
Ravi Menon 
Now, talking about last and current quarter, we have 2,960 and about 2800 
something? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Canada is pretty much flat at 2,848 and 2,840, so these are the exact numbers. But 
whatever we are offshoring is incremental business which we are getting from 
clients which has been offshored to Philippines. It is not a replacement business. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 22 
Ravi Menon 
Are you still dominant only in Telecom in Canada or is there any other vertical that 
you guys are active in? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Our clients have been same - that is in telecom, banking and financial services. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hansal Thacker from Lalkar 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Hansal Thacker 
You have mentioned that you are looking to make a foray into eLearning in the 
insurance and the insurance agent space in the US? 
Partha De Sarkar 
No that was just a casual conversation about some of the new areas that we are 
working on. It is not anything that is worth mentioning at this point of time. That 
was just an example that I gave to a journalist. 
Hansal Thacker 
And sir, do we have a dividend policy in place yet? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Well, we have been consistent in our dividend. We paid Rs. 20 for the last four 
years, and as of now, we have paid two interim dividends… that means Rs. 10 
have already been paid. This is the first time that we have actually paid interim 
dividend based on the fact that our profits have been really good. So, that is where 
we are. We do have a track record. We do not have a published dividend policy. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Ruchi Burde from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Ruchi Burde 
I have been reading people mentioning about this issue regarding the Obamacare 
website or relaxing the deadline for small or medium enterprises for this particular 
Act. So people are questioning the implementation of this Act. Have we 
experienced some kind of delay in terms of any dialogues which our clients might 
be having or is it going in the normal way? 
Partha De Sarkar 
See what has happened is our clients have not been able to predict when the 
volumes are going to hit them. All of a sudden they have been hit with volumes 
that they were not been prepared with. That has actually paid out well for us 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 23 
because we have been immediately asked for help. That has helped in higher 
numbers for us, which are going to show up in fourth quarter as well. 
Ruchi Burde 
Are we seeing any impact on our orders or any dialogue with the clients? 
Partha De Sarkar 
No, it is actually being beneficial for us because the volumes are coming in 
suddenly and they did not have the capacity to handle those increased volume. So, 
they are asking our help to handle these volumes. In a way, that has worked out 
good for us. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Canara 
Robeco Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar 
We had a really great year last year in Canada geography. So any outlook that have 
we achieved a pace or how that market is behaving and how is the opportunity 
panning out? Is it better than last year or how is it? 
Partha De Sarkar 
I think the market is increasing to offshoring right now which is very encouraging. 
We always thought that it will eventually happen. Offshoring is new to Canada and 
not too many players want to do offshoring but we are seeing increasing interest in 
offshoring. We are very bullish that it is going to help us in a big way. Onshore 
business is also doing well and we are seeing increased interest in offshoring, so 
both are happening at the same time. 
Pranav Tendulkar 
Can you please tell who are the main competitors there? 
Partha De Sarkar 
There are not too many big players there. There is Minacs which has been acquired 
by an Indian PE firm and then there is us. Other than that, there are very few big 
players. There are some more but it is a fairly interesting market with few players. 
That is why we went there in the first place. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Subhankar Ojha from SKS 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 24 
Subhankar 
Two theoretical questions, Sir. What would be our effective tax rate this year and 
next year? Secondly, based on the order win that you have talked about, can we 
expect a similar kind of volume growth for FY2015? 
Partha De Sarkar 
Okay Pala, you take the first question please. 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
Your question is what will be the effective tax rate? 
Subhankar 
Yes sir. 
Srinivas Palakodeti 
Yes, it will be in the 28% to 29% range. 
Subhankar 
And second if you can talk a little bit about the volume growth for FY2015 in 
terms of the visibility. 
Partha De Sarkar 
Subhankar, I would not be able to give you a specific number. We do not give 
guidance. 
Subhankar 
Just a directional. 
Partha De Sarkar 
Directionally, I told you we hope to be able to sustain the momentum that we have. 
Our CAGR for the last five years has been 20% and I am hoping that we can carry 
forward that momentum. 
Moderator 
Thank you. As there no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Partha De Sarkar 
Thank you ladies and gentlemen for taking time to join us on this call today. We 
expect to get together sometime in May for the fourth quarter and full year results. 
Thank you very much once again. 
Moderator 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Hinduja Global Solutions, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your line. 

 
 
 
  Q3 FY2014 Transcript 
 www.teamhgs.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P a g e | 25 
 
For further information, please contact: 
Srinivas Palakodeti, CFO 
Hinduja Global Solutions 
pala@teamhgs.com  
+91 80 2573 2620 
Bijay Sharma 
Churchgate Partners 
bijay@churchgatepartnersindia.com 
+91 22 3953 7444 
 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability 
Certain statements in this presentation concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking statements, which involve a 
number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking 
statements. The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties 
regarding fluctuations in earnings, our ability to manage growth, intense competition in the BPO industry including those factors 
which may affect our cost advantage, wage increases, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, time and cost 
overruns on fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts, client concentration, restrictions on immigration, our ability to manage our 
international operations, reduced demand for technology in our key focus areas, disruptions in telecommunication networks, our 
ability to successfully complete and integrate potential acquisitions, liability for damages on our service contracts, the success of 
the companies in which Hinduja Global has made strategic investments, withdrawal of governmental fiscal incentives, political 
instability, legal restrictions on raising capital or acquiring companies outside India, and unauthorized use of our intellectual 
property and general economic conditions affecting our industry. Hinduja Global may, from time to time, make additional 
written and oral forward-looking statements, including our reports to shareholders. The company does not undertake to update 
any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the company. 
