 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY14 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 12, 2014 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Godrej Industries Limited’s 
conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
Chairman’s statement. Should you need any assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the conference to Mr. 
Anoop Poojari of CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Industries’ Q3 & 9M FY2014 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi 
Godrej – Chairman of Godrej Industries; Mr. Nadir Godrej – Managing Director; Mr. 
Pirojsha Godrej – Managing Director and CEO of Godrej Properties; Mr. Balram 
Singh Yadav, Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet; Mr. Vivek Gambhir – Managing 
Director of Godrej Consumer Products; Mr. Nitin Nabar – Executive Director and 
President (Chemicals) and Mr. Clement Pinto – Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following 
which, we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
this call may be forward looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the conference call invite sent out earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej 
to make his opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you Anoop. Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej 
Industries’ conference call to discuss the operating and financial performance for 
the third quarter and the 9 months ended December 31st 2013. I would take you 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
through some of the key developments and operational performance at each of our 
businesses followed by a summary of our financial results for the quarter and 9 
months gone by. 
The consolidated performance during the quarter is encouraging especially given 
the challenges in the macro-environment. This is a testimony to the strong and 
resilient business model that we have created which is enabling us to ride through 
various business cycles in a fairly sustained manner.  
Our Agri business witnessed yet another quarter of sustained growth led by 
impressive performance across Agri verticals; Animal Feeds, Oil Palm, Agri Input 
and poultry resulting in a healthy PBIT growth of 58%. Our Agri Input vertical 
recorded a strong growth across key product segments with an overall sales growth 
of 31%. Volumes of Zymegold granule, a plant growth regulator, recorded a growth 
of 46%. Besides, the new variants of Zymegold and HBR launched over the past 
few quarters are receiving encouraging results. 
Our joint venture Godrej Tyson sustained its growth momentum with new product 
launches and significant expansion in distribution network. Revenues grew by 16% 
with volumes in retail and ‘Yummiez’ growing at 19% and 15% respectively. I am 
happy to share that we continued expanding the product portfolio and during the 
quarter, launched several new products under ‘Real Good Chicken’ and ‘Yummiez’ 
brands. 
Our other JV, ACI Godrej also reported healthy growth with considerable 
improvement in aqua feed, layer feed and cattle feed volumes. The JV has done 
well despite significantly lower broiler placements in an extremely volatile external 
environment in Bangladesh. We laid emphasis on driving aqua feed and cattle feed 
volumes and these have yielded results through premium positioning in both 
segments. We will continue our efforts in this direction. 
In the Animal Feed segment, volume growth in layer feed, fish feed and shrimp 
feed recorded a robust growth of 21%, 47% and 94% respectively. Overall, the 
Animal Feed segment did well despite the overall broiler feed market being 
impacted due to lower broiler placements and extremely volatile external 
environment. 
Moving to the performance of the Oil Palm segment, higher volumes combined with 
improving oil prices during the quarter enabled an 85% growth in sales as 
compared to the corresponding quarter last year. The Oil Palm segment has been 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
incrementally adding acreage under cultivation. In addition, we have been allotted 
new areas in Tamil Nadu. Our new oil mill in Mizoram is progressing according to 
the plan and we expect to commence operations in the last quarter of this fiscal 
year. 
Godrej Seeds, the latest addition to our agri portfolio continues to expand strongly. 
During the quarter, Godrej Seeds’ top-line increased by 93% led by 62% growth in 
hybrid seeds volume. Our endeavor in the segment is to increase the breadth and 
width of our marketing and distribution network. Towards that end, we entered new 
geographies in the Rabi season including the subsidy sales market in select 
geographies. In addition, with focus on R&D, we target to launch new hybrids and 
increase our seeds portfolio to tap the immense opportunities in the agri sector in 
India. 
Godrej Consumer Products has been able to consistently improve its positioning 
and market share. Godrej Consumer Products continues to outperform the FMCG 
market in category growth with hair colors growing at 37%, household’s insecticides 
at 8% and soaps at 6%. This is reflected in the healthy consolidated sales growth of 
18% with international businesses growing at 25% and India business growing at 
14%. In a challenging macroeconomic environment, we are prudently managing the 
business and have launched several excellence initiatives to further enhance our 
operational performance. That said, we continue to invest judiciously to improve our 
position and create competitive advantage which will enable us to grow stronger in 
the years to come. 
Let me now come to Godrej Properties. Our results over the 9 months period had 
demonstrated our ability to maintain growth in adverse market conditions. For the 9-
month period, we witnessed a growth of 12% in total income, 41% in EBITDA and 
30% in net profit in the midst of a tough operating environment. On the sales front, 
we saw a 29% Q-o-Q increase in value of sales bookings in the third quarter and 
remained focused on substantially increasing our bookings in the current calendar 
year. We also continue to expand our development portfolio and have added a new 
joint venture project in Bhandup, Mumbai which will be developed as a premium 
residential project with 7.7 lakhs square feet of saleable area. 
Moving to our Oleo-Chemicals business. The profitability this quarter was better as 
compared to the corresponding quarter last year with revenues growing by 11% 
and export sales by 33%. Activity at our new Oleo-Chemicals facility at Ambernath 
has begun and the facility should be fully operational in the last quarter of this fiscal 
year. I am pleased to share with you that the Chemicals business won the CII 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Environmental Best Practices Award 2013 for Innovation. The award recognizes 
best innovative environmental projects and facilitates the information sharing to 
enhance environmental performance and operational efficiency. The Chemicals 
business won this award for our Valia factory’s Effluent Treatment Plant sludge 
reduction project which ties in directly with our greener India goal of having zero 
waste to landfill. 
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights. During the quarter, 
consolidated total income was higher by 18% at Rs. 2,033 crore as compared to 
Rs. 1,723 crore in the corresponding quarter of last year. Consolidated profit before 
tax stood at Rs. 95 crore, growth of 48% over the corresponding quarter last year, 
net of exceptional items. For the 9 months ended December 31, 2013, consolidated 
total income and profit before tax increased by 9% and 85% respectively over the 
corresponding period last year. 
Overall, despite numerous headwinds in the macroeconomic environment, our 
performance has been encouraging and we are confident of achieving long-term 
objectives of inclusive, sustainable and profitable growth. I am confident that our 
disciplined strategy, prudent approach, focus on operational efficiencies and our 
committed team will enable us register improved performance and create 
shareholder value. 
Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to take your suggestions and 
answer any questions that you may have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. We have the first question from the line of Sumit Arora 
from Silver Stallion. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Arora 
Very strong set of numbers from Godrej Industries across all verticals. Does the 
recent Supreme Court ruling on forest land positively impact Godrej Properties? 
Secondly, what is the progress on the four launches in Q4? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
The Supreme Court verdict is helpful. Godrej & Boyce, which owns most of the 
land in Vikhroli, had a large portion of land, about 130 acres in total that was 
impacted by the Supreme Court judgment. We do believe that some part of the 
land will be developable in the near future through our pre-existing arrangement 
with Godrej & Boyce. So this is very good news for the Company which further 
enhances the very strong development potential in Vikhroli. The exact details on 
the plan will be worked out over the next few months.  

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
On the launches front, things are still on track. We did one launch couple of weeks 
ago of a third phase of our project in Bangalore Godrej E-City and we have some 
exciting launches here in Mumbai. We hope to execute both in this quarter and a 
lot of launches for the remainder of the calendar year. As I mentioned on the GPL 
call, we expect 2014 to be our best ever year for new launches for Godrej 
Properties. 
Sumit Arora 
Fantastic set of results reported again from Godrej Agrovet. What led to strong 
performance in the Oil Palm business? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Oil Palm performance during the quarter was good because our FFB arrivals were 
better than expected. The FFB arrival is also dependent on climatic conditions, 
which were very good, and the age of the trees. The second reason was that we 
have fantastic crude palm kernel oil prices which jump from almost Rs. 56,000 - 
Rs. 57,000 a tonne to almost Rs. 75,000 a tonne. So these were the two reasons 
for very good Oil Palm performance. 
Sumit Arora 
Godrej Agrovet across the other verticals also has done very well. How do you see 
next year for Godrej Agrovet? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
For Animal Feeds, we are likely to maintain the momentum in both top-line and 
bottom-line because we will commission three more plants in the next 2 months. 
One of our biggest plants will be the aqua feed plant, which is a profitable vertical 
for us and will be commissioned in April this year. We believe Animal Feed 
momentum will be maintained. Agri Input is also dependent on monsoon. So let us 
hope the monsoon is good. We will better the performance of this year. Seeds 
continue to grow at a rapid pace, but on a very small base. So next year, with a 
little bit of help from monsoon, should be a good year for us.  
Sumit Arora 
It is very heartening that you have achieved a PBT of about Rs. 47 crore on capital 
employed is Rs. 90 crore. Wish you all the best. My next question is for the 
chemicals part wherein we have seen a very good growth in terms of top-line, from 
Rs. 301 crore last year to Rs. 334 crore this year and our profitability is also at 
about Rs. 10 crore. Is it safe to assume that chemicals business has now stabilized 
and from hereon we can only grow in terms of profitability? 
Nadir Godrej 
There would be improvement in profitability as Ambernath comes on stream fully in 
the next quarter. This would be because we do not pay octroi at Ambernath and 
the plants are more efficient than the ones at Vikhroli. 
Nitin Nabar 
We have also increased capacity by about 10%-15%. 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Hardik Shah from Birla Sun 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Shah 
What is the working capital cycle for the chemical business? 
Clement Pinto  
We manage our capital base prudently and are at negative net working capital in 
the chemicals business. 
Hardik Shah 
What about the gross and the net debt levels for the Company? 
Clement Pinto 
For Godrej industries on a standalone basis, debt is at about Rs. 1,300 crore. 
Hardik Shah 
Is this gross? 
Clement Pinto 
This is gross and effectively net because currently for December there is not too 
much of cash on hand. 
Hardik Shah 
What about repayment for the next year? 
Clement Pinto 
We have a mix of long-term, medium-term and short term. Not too much of short-
term loans are coming up for repayment in the next year. 
Hardik Shah 
What about your hedging policy? How much do you keep yourself hedged? 
Clement Pinto 
For the chemicals business, we work with a net exposure policy. We try to keep it 
as low as possible. We have exports which form a natural hedge to imports and we 
keep our net exposures quite low. 
Nadir Godrej   
In our chemicals business, it is pretty much hedged. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from IIFL. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella 
I was just trying to understand the breakdown of Godrej Agrovet’s financials 
between the segments that we report in our quarterly results. Is Godrej Agrovet 
split between Animal Feeds and the Veg Oils segments or is there a presence in 
any others as well? 
Clement Pinto 
Agrovet has five verticals; Animal Feed, Oil Palm plantation, Agri Input, Poultry and 
the recently added seeds business. Animal Feed is shown as a separate segment. 
The Oil Palm business is shown under the Veg Oil segment and all the other 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
businesses of Agrovet i.e. the Agri Inputs, the poultry and seeds businesses are 
shown under the other segment. 
Abhijit Akella 
Within Veg Oils, other than the Oil Palm business, what would the rest constitute? 
Clement Pinto 
Apart from Oil Palm in the Veg Oil segment, we have international trading that 
forms a bulk of that segment along with a small portion of our Wadala Veg Oil 
factory. 
Abhijit Akella 
We have reported obviously good top-line growth in Godrej Agrovet. If I strip out 
the Animal Feed revenues from the total revenues that we have reported, it would 
seem like the rest of the business has basically grown by almost 50%. So what 
would you attribute that to? 
Clement Pinto 
Yes, all the other verticals have grown well both, in terms of top-line as well as 
PBIT. 
Abhijit Akella 
The EBIT that is reported for Agrovet is of Rs. 47 crore for  this quarter. If I remove 
Rs. 37 crore of EBIT of the Animal Feed segment, can I say that the EBIT for the 
other business is Rs. 10 crore in total? 
Clement Pinto 
Yes. 
Abhijit Akella 
In that case, it seems Agrovet excluding Animal Feeds has gone from zero EBIT 
last year to Rs.10 crore EBIT this year. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
You must also understand one thing about Agrovet is that our Oil Palm business 
and Agri Input business is a seasonal business and almost 70% of the business 
happened within the first half of the year. 
Adi Godrej 
And this year, the Oil Palm was better than what we expected. 
Abhijit Akella 
So the jump in EBIT is largely because of Oil Palm, is that what you are saying. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes. 
Abhijit Akella 
On that point, you talked about 85% revenue growth and you mentioned that the 
realizations were up by almost 30-35%. Would it be possible to breakdown the 
remainder of the increase in sales between increase in acreage versus increase in 
yields? 
Adi Godrej 
We can take it offline.  

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Abhijit Akella 
One clarification regarding the broiler comment you made. You mentioned that the 
broiler market has not been doing well because of volatile prices. Yet our Godrej 
Tyson business has done pretty well in terms of sales. So how is it that that 
business is doing well yet, the Animal Feeds business is facing some pressure? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Animal broiler feed business and Godrej Tyson business are hedged for each 
other. The placements for broiler have been very low. The Animal Feed share is 
low as far as broiler segment is concerned because there are less number of birds 
who we can sell feed to. Because of this shortage, chicken prices were very high 
that is why Godrej Tyson did very well. 
Abhijit Akella 
What is the reason for the improvement in profitability in the ‘others’ segment? 
Clement Pinto 
Apart from the three agri verticals, the other segment also comprises of Nature’s 
Basket. The profitability for the whole segment in Q3 last year was Rs. 1 crore 
which has now become Rs. 9 crore. This is largely driven by the high profitability in 
the agri business i.e. Agri Inputs and poultry. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kashyap Pujara from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Pujara 
For the chemical business firstly, what do we expect the steady state margins to 
come back to as once the facility at Ambernath is running, you will have savings on 
octroi and possibly better value-added products. 
Nitin Nabar 
As Mr. Godrej explained that the Ambernath plant has started and will be fully 
operational by the end of Q4. We expect the current margin from 3-5% to go up to 
about 7% because of 1) octroi saving, 2) efficient technology and 3) capacity 
increase of about 15-20% on an average across different product categories. 
Kashyap Pujara 
The business is still continuing to operate at a reasonably high creditor days and 
the working capital remains negative more or less right? 
Clement Pinto 
Yes. We get good credits from our suppliers both, international and domestic. 
Therefore, we are on a negative net working capital position. 
Kashyap Pujara 
Once the Ambernath plant starts, obviously that current land would be available. 
So, when do we see residential launches at project Trees? 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Residential component of The Trees is under the approval process. We certainly 
expect to see the first phase launch of the residential component of The Trees in 
this calendar year. The exact timing will depend upon the state of approvals. 
Kashyap Pujara 
On the aqua feed business; we have seen phenomenal growth coming in here. Is 
this led by higher capacity that we have commissioned? Can this be a structural 
growth story that can continue considering that more capacities have come in or is 
it something which is more of one-off. Just wanted to understand where are we 
here? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
The new capacity has still not come into production. However, there is very good 
growth in the aqua feed category in India. Market has grown more than 25% YoY 
for both, shrimp as well as floating fish feed. Now, with the current prices of fish 
and prawn in the market, the future also looks very bright. I believe the same 
momentum will continue. We will be benefited because our capacities will come 
into production in April and we want to repeat our performance of this year, in the 
next year also. 
Kashyap Pujara 
What would be the total India capacity of aqua feed? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Floating fish feed capacity today is close to about a million tonne of production, but 
the theoretical potential is we can go up to almost 4 million tonnes because almost 
3 million tonnes of fish is produced on traditional raw materials. As the penetration 
and category conversion increases, we will see increasing tonnages of floating fish 
feed. So I see a very bright future for floating fish feed at least for next 5-6 years. 
Prawn particularly is dependent on the export prices and we were benefited by 
some problems in Thailand. The prawn prices in India saw almost record high and 
that is why massive growth has taken place in the prawn segment also. 
Kashyap Pujara 
What would our capacity be in this context post the expansion? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Today, we have a capacity of 30,000 tonnes of prawn feed which will go to almost 
90,000 tonnes and we do not have any capacity for floating fish feed. We are 
getting it processed elsewhere and selling. Today our sale is about 35,000-40,000 
tonnes. We will have a capacity of almost 90,000 tonnes now. 
Kashyap Pujara 
That is quite a good quantum jump. Would the floating fish feed also be higher 
realization product compared to the traditional fish feed? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes. The realizations are higher by almost 35%-40%. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Kashyap Pujara 
In terms of value and volume growth put together, we would see a far higher 
number over the next few years? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
We are hoping for that. 
Kashyap Pujara 
While the chicken feed and the broiler placements were lower, we are still seeing 
other categories making up and seeing growth. Is it that the mix is better and are 
you seeing an improvement in margins on this business overall, even when 
chicken feed is concerned? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
When there is a shortage of chicken, the prices go up. So Godrej Tyson foods 
benefit, but because the prices are up, the farmers also use high quality feed. Our 
high margin, high growth, and high performance feeds sale goes up and hence the 
margins go up because of upselling. So this benefit comes. That is why we see 
lower volumes in broiler feeds, but higher margin per tonne. 
Kashyap Pujara 
We see that the overall market is huge, only 10% of the market is organized and 
out of that we have a 10% market share market. So where are we seeing things. 
Are we seeing incremental traction wherein organized sector is scaling up and are 
you seeing that steadily playing out in the foreseeable future? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Category conversion is taking place in almost all segments. We can see that very 
clearly in aqua and cattle. As far as poultry is concerned which is largely organized, 
we see lot of sophistication happening in the feed milling technology and lot of 
improvement in the nutrition part. That is why R&D is very critical in this segment 
which keeps us aware of the game. Thus, we have grown so well and improved our 
margin in last few years. 
Kashyap Pujara 
Lastly to complete the Agrovet piece, just a clarification on the Oil Palm side. What 
is the total acreage at this point in time? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
We have about 55,000 hectares. 
Kashyap Pujara 
What would be the maturity profile at this point in time? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
All 23,000 hectares are above 8 years which are yielding at full capacity. About 
20,000 hectares are between 4 and 8 years and about 11,000-12,000 hectares are 
from 0 to 3 years. 
Kashyap Pujara 
So you still have a substantial hectare which is not yielding fruit? 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes. 
Kashyap Pujara 
As far as the government formula is concerned, is the pricing  at 13 or 14%? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Pricing has been revised. So our PBT which used to be 16-17% on sales will drop 
to about 12-13% on sales depending on the oil price. The positive side is that Oil 
Palm plantation was profitable for farmers. Now it will become even more 
profitable. There is huge area which is available for Oil Palm plantation in the 
country and we feel that conversion to this crop will accelerate in future. 
Kashyap Pujara 
Will volumes make up for it? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Sure. 
Kashyap Pujara 
At this point in time, the import duties have been raised. So what are the current 
duties? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
2.5% of fruit palm oils. 
Kashyap Pujara 
Last clarification was on this Wadala Commodities, what company is this and what 
are the synergies?   
Adi Godrej 
Wadala Commodities is a listed company. It has very little business within the 
company because it was carved out of a larger entity which has been merged with 
other parts of the group. It used to be called Godrej Foods originally. Now it is a 
listed company without much trading. In order to protect the interest of the minority 
shareholders, it would be much better if it is merged with a large listed entity in the 
group Godrej Industries. In order to protect the interest of minority shareholders in 
Wadala Commodities, that will be borne by only the promoter shareholders of 
Godrej Industries and not all the shareholders of Godrej Industries. So this merger 
will be very fair to all the minority shareholders of both, Wadala Commodities and 
Godrej Industries. 
Kashyap Pujara 
That is very encouraging and it is a good gesture from the promoters. How would 
management describe their performance of Nature’s Basket so far? Are you 
satisfied with the performance till date? Is the loss within the budgeted level and 
the revenue growth higher than budgeted level? 
Adi Godrej 
Nature’s Basket has been growing very well. Even in this quarter, it had a growth of 
above 30%. We feel it is a very strong business. Same store sales are also 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
growing. We are also expanding into more stores and it will create a fair amount of 
value in the future. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manish Gandhi, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
Congratulations on good set of numbers despite macro challenges. On Wadala 
Commodities which we merged and again on Swadeshi Mill amalgamation, are 
there any land part involving that we can develop in near future? 
Adi Godrej 
Neither of these entities have any land assets. 
Manish Gandhi 
There was one newspaper report a few months back regarding Creamline Dairy 
stake sale, where we have a holding of 26% in Godrej Agrovet. So could you want 
to comment on that? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Creamline Dairy promoters decided to run a process to sell controlling stake to a 
strategic or private equity because this business has reached a level where new 
technology, greater capability on value addition, etc., is needed to take this 
company to the next level. So, that process is on. There are some strategic and 
private equity funds which are there in the process. So it is still at initial stages and 
we will know more about it sometime in the next quarter. 
Manish Gandhi 
So would we also like to divest our stake? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
We still have to see what comes out of this process and what kind of valuations 
that come on the table. Since we are the largest shareholder, we will definitely take 
a decision which is beneficial to us whether it is staying in the Company or exiting it 
totally. That decision we will take at the right time. 
Manish Gandhi 
In the last 1-2 years, there is a lot of attraction in dairy merger and acquisition and 
the sector itself is growing phenomenally. How can we benefit from cattle feed 
because this is one of the markets where there is hardly any organized player, 10% 
market share. Can you just throw some light on that? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Dairy had a bad year last year, in 2012. Milk prices were very low and the cattle 
feed sales were also very sluggish. But in last 6-7 months, because the numbers of 
milch animals have reduced, the milk prices have shot up to almost Rs. 25 ex-farm 
for cow milk and Rs. 42 - Rs. 43 ex-farm for buffalo milk. We are also seeing a lot 
of upselling in our cattle feeds. Also, farmers are taking lot of initiatives to produce 
more milk because milk is very profitable product for the farmer now. In case 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
government does not take some knee-jerk reactions of importing a few thousand 
tonnes of milk powder to reduce the prices, the milk industry is likely to do very 
well. The other reason why I see a very bright future for milk industry is that we are 
seeing almost 6%-7% CAGR in volumes. The show spoiler for the profit pool for 
this industry were the cooperatives; because they will increase the price at the 
farmer level and not increase the price at the consumer level and take the loss 
because of whatever reasons. Now their share in total milk is reducing which is 
also reducing their power of pricing the milk particularly, value-added products. 
That is why you see so much of excitement in this industry and so many world 
giants in dairy attracted to India now. 
Manish Gandhi 
I have one question for Godrej Properties. Pirojsha, the Company has sent one 
resolution for enabling investment. But there is one property you mentioned in 
Pune. So is it a new joint venture you are going to do or have we done this in 
Keshav Nagar? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, this is the project that we are in advance discussions for bid. The enabling 
resolution has nothing mandatory about it, but if the project does come in, we 
would like to have this enabling resolution in place. But we are in advanced 
discussions for several new properties. 
Manish Gandhi 
These resolutions are for the new projects which you are in discussion with? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Not all, about half of them are for existing projects and half for new projects. 
Manish Gandhi 
We have two projects in Pune, near Undri or NIBM. So, is this some different area? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is right. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mahesh Kumar, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Kumar 
On the investment, Godrej Industries investment in Godrej Consumer and Godrej 
Properties, you have taken a resolution of buying 12,50,000 shares of Godrej 
Consumer over the next few months. Since the time I have been tracking this 
Company, you as a Company have been investing in the other group companies 
when it is in need of capital. Right now, Godrej Consumer is such a big Company 
that it does not require capital from Godrej Industries. As an investor, I feel Godrej 
Industry should divest or give free shares of Godrej Consumer to its shareholders 
so that value can be added to the shareholders, because in the last few years 
Godrej Consumer shares have gained whereas Godrej Industries have not 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
performed to that level. What is your view on that? Also what will be the group 
companies’ investment by Godrej Industries? 
Adi Godrej 
This is an enabling resolution to invest in shares of Godrej Consumer Products. 
This may not be a primary issue, this may be secondary purchases. We always 
would like to have a limit for being able to make such investments as and when 
there are good opportunities. 
Mahesh Kumar 
In terms of your strategic view, would you continue to buy shares of Godrej 
Consumers when the opportunity arises? 
Adi Godrej 
We are only buying small numbers of GCPL shares and we may continue that from 
time to time. 
Mahesh Kumar 
Over the last few years, the gain that we have seen in Godrej Consumer shares, 
Godrej Industries have not seen a benefit up to that extent. Market is not valuing 
Godrej Industries shares as per their actual true value. So, have we considered 
anything that Godrej Industries shareholders should be given shares from Godrej 
Consumer and what would be the strategy going? 
Adi Godrej 
We have considered all alternatives, but that is not viable proposition at this point 
of time. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Hardik Shah from Birla Sun 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Shah 
In the real estate business, for the 9 months, the sales is around Rs. 800 crore and 
PBIT was around Rs. 280 crore. Out of that, for the third quarter itself, we have 
made Rs. 250 crore sales and Rs. 106 crore of PBIT. Majority of the PBIT has 
come in this quarter. What was the reason for the low profitability in the previous 
quarters? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
In the current quarter, margins in the business were higher. This is largely a 
reflection of the mix of projects that contribute to each quarter. We have a certain 
quarter where higher margin projects contribute more to the top-line. Those are the 
quarters where you see a better margin mix. For example, in the third quarter we 
had several high margin projects that contributed substantially which is why the 
margins were higher in that quarter. But our margin has generally been in the 
range of 25% upwards. Last quarter, they were quite high at about 38% for the 
reason I just mentioned. 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Hardik Shah 
Going forward, how do you see this real estate business as a contributor to your 
entire consolidated sales? How much percentage do you focus it to be? 
Adi Godrej 
Real estate is a sector that has a very strong potential for growth for us because 
we do not have to be very concerned about category size or competitive pressures 
because in real estate, no player has any major share of the overall Indian market. 
So we think we can grow much faster than our other businesses and over a period 
of time, we think the salience of our real estate business in the overall business will 
tend to grow. 
Hardik Shah 
Going forward are there any significant land parcels that you are investing in or 
planning to purchase or are you going to develop for the existing ones that you 
have? 
Adi Godrej 
We do not invest in land by and large, but we will certainly develop in terms of 
development management agreements with Godrej & Boyce, our large parcel of 
land in Vikhroli.  
Pirojsha Godrej 
Our model is to do developments in partnership with land owners. We have several 
models through which we do that including the development management fee 
model and joint ventures; both of which we will look to expand in the coming years. 
Over the last 3 years, we have more than doubled the number of projects in the 
GPL portfolio. Our portfolio size now is already quite substantial. We do see 
continued opportunities to expand it. The focus will be on a mix of executing the 
current portfolio and continuing where we find value accretive opportunities to enter 
those, but in none of these instances will we be looking at investing large amount. 
These are all quite capital efficient investments through which in some cases we 
invest nothing like in the development management fee model. 
Hardik Shah 
From the point of view of sales, are you seeing any inventory buildup in various 
projects in different geographies or are the prices panning out as per your 
expectations? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
On the pricing front, in most of our projects, prices are up slightly over the last few 
quarters and over the last year. We have been consciously not trying to take any 
very rapid price increases given the current market sentiment. For the sector as a 
whole, you have seen prices moderate over the last 12 months and that is a good 
thing and we hope it continues in the future. It will be important to have prices 
relatively stable to get volumes back into the market. On inventories, we are not 
seeing any inventory buildup at all. We are eagerly looking forward to getting our 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
approvals and launching several new projects. The only projects where we have 
any concern on inventory is; in some of the older commercial projects which we 
talked about for some time. On the residential front, our inventory is actually lower 
than they were 12 months ago. 
Hardik Shah 
Are you seeing any price correction in any particular geography? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
There have been a lot of geographies and lot of developers who are offering 
particular incentive payment plans, etc. 
Hardik Shah 
80-20 schemes have come up a lot. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is correct. There are a lot of tools that developers are using to try and push 
sales in a tough environment. We have not seen too many absolute price cuts. The 
outlook for next year will depend more on factors outside the direct ambit of the 
sectors, things like how GDP growths picks up, how interest rates go over the next 
year, what will the election outcome deliver. Those are the factors that will likely 
lead to the sector seeing an upswing because there is a greater likelihood of 
positive outcomes on each of those individual factors. Also, there remains a list of 
negative outcomes of those as well. 
Hardik Shah 
For the Company as a whole, if you have to name one particular concern or risk 
that you are seeing, what would that be? 
Adi Godrej 
The major risk could be the general growth pattern in India not improving. It has 
been poor for the last 2 years or so. If it does not improve,  the Company will face 
macroeconomic difficulties. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next follow-up question from the line of Abhijit Akella from 
IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella 
We had this plans of introducing Bispyribac in the Agri Inputs division which I 
believe is pending regulatory approval. So any update on that, how is that going 
along? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
So all approvals in CIB have been stopped because of some adverse court ruling 
from High Court of Gujarat. So it is stuck there. Most of the companies are trying to 
take legal recourse and get a relief from the High Court. So, that process is on. Let 
us see what happens. I believe that will take a few months more to get the product 
registered. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Abhijit Akella 
Can we expect it in time for next Kharif or will it be in Rabi of next year? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
I think it will be Rabi of next year where the case is going. 
Abhijit Akella 
In terms of the outlook for the dairy market, with rupee depreciation having 
improved prices of skimmed milk powder, do you see dairy prices continuing to 
remain firm for next year and what impact would that have on Animal Feeds 
demand in general? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
The milk and milk products prices will be firm for at least next 12-15 months and 
skimmed milk powder exports will not be very high because there is huge demand 
for domestic consumption. We also see the cattle feed business doing good over 
the next few quarters. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Participants that was the last question. I now hand over the floor to the 
management of Godrej Industries for closing comments. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the Company, we 
would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to 
join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Godrej Industries that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
