
Page 1 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
Transcript 
 
Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
: 
12th May 2014, 02:00 PM IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 
01 hr 23 min 58 sec 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q4 FY14 results call 
of SRF Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services.  We have with us today, Mr. 
Rajendra Prasad, President and CFO and Mr. Mukund Trivedy, Head – Corporate 
Communication of SRF Limited.  As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode.  And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of 
today’s presentation.  If you should need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchstone phones.  Please note 
this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. 
Tejas Sheth, Senior Research Analyst of Emkay Global.  Thank you and over to you Mr. 
Sheth.   
 
Tejas Sheth: 
Good afternoon everyone.  Thank you for joining us today.  
We would like to welcome the management of SRF Limited and thank them for giving us 
the opportunity to host this call.  I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Mukund Trivedy.  
Over to you sir.   
 
Mukund Trivedy: 
Thanks Tejas.  Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to 
all of you.  Today we have with us our CFO, Mr. Rajendra Prasad, who will be 
presenting and discussing SRFs performance for the last quarter and the financial year 
gone by.  Since this is SRFs first conference call with investors, we are trying to provide 
comprehensive information about our businesses.  And therefore it is only proper that we 
share some key facets of our history and legacy which we believe are an integral part of 
our identity.   
 
SRF was promoted as an offshoot of DCM, which was the largest Indian business group 
with diverse interests and a legacy of more than 100 years.  Having started operations in 
1973 as a manufacturer of nylon tyre cord fabric, SRF over the years have diversified 
and today it is not only a multi business organization, but also a global entity with 
operations in three countries.  We believe in professionalism and TQM is our 
management way in the company.  To our credit, two of our businesses namely tyre 
cord and chemicals are the winners of the prestigious Deming Prize.  Most of our 
products enjoy market leadership in India and some of our products also enjoy global 
leadership.  And finally, the group, the promoters and the company are also known for 
their philanthropic activities and their contributions in the field of education.  As 
promoters of some of the reputed academic institutions such as Lady Shri Ram College 
in Delhi, SRF Vidhyalaya in Chennai and The Shri Ram Schools in Delhi and Gurgaon, 
we are legitimately considered an advocate of quality education in India.   
 

Page 2 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
Now, before we proceed, a word of caution that many of our statements in today’s 
discussions will be based on our expectations and assumptions and hence these are 
subject to risk and uncertainties.  And let me also remind you that all the proceedings of 
today’s call are being recorded and the call transcript shall be available on our website 
soon.  I now invite our CFO, Mr. Rajendra Prasad to present his opening remarks, which 
will be followed by an interactive Q&A session. Over to you RP sir.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Good afternoon to all those who are participating in this call, 
a warm welcome to this call.  As you are aware this is our maiden call for the year 
ending 31st March 2014.  I assume all of you would have seen the results approved by 
our Board on 9th May.  Let me begin with some key developments for the organization 
that will provide a new perspective and a new context for our understanding and 
discussion of the company’s overall performance.   
 
2013-2014 was indeed a watershed year for SRF in many respects.  It was the year 
when SRF diversified its product portfolio and further spread its geographical reach.  
SRF packaging film business for the first time expanded beyond national boundary to set 
up two Greenfield over these plants, one in Thailand for BOPET films and the second 
one in South Africa for BOPP films.  2014 was also the first full year when the company 
reaped benefits of initial investment that we had made in the plant at Dahej in 2012.  The 
site at Dahej in Gujarat is our largest manufacturing unit now.  And we have only just 
utilized about 34% of the site.  It was also the year when bulk of the CAPEX at Dahej 
was capitalized in the first wave of investment.  With over 600 crores capitalized at 
Dahej in March 2014, the total assets on the ground are about 1200 crores.  With the 
commissioning of our overseas plant, our profit numbers also reflect higher depreciation 
and interest cost from these two plants on a consolidated basis.   
 
Last but not the least and one of the most significant points that I would be making 
during this call is that 2013-2014 was the first year since 2006 when there were no 
earnings from carbon credit or CER as they are known for SRF.  Hence, absence of any 
income from CERs would reflect in any comparison with previous year’s financial 
numbers.  However, in spite of these revenues being missing from earning line, the 
standalone gross sales for 2013-2014 were higher than the previous year by 3% and by 
6% on a consolidated basis.  With this background I will now share our key performance 
highlights for the year.  
 
As Mukund mentioned that this is the first call that we are having for I think a very, very 
long time and maybe the first ever call that I have had the privilege of interacting with 
you.  The financial performance section may seem a little longer than you are 
accustomed to.  This is mainly because I may need to explain the background or explain 
certain situations and put a context around those circumstances.  We will begin with the 
key performance highlights.  We will take up SRF as a whole first and then discuss its 
various segments.   
 
· The net sales for the quarter for SRF standalone increased by 8% from Rs. 816 
crores to Rs. 884 crores in comparison to the same period last year.   
· Similarly, for the fiscal 2013-2014, while the standalone net sales of SRF 
increased by 3% as I mentioned earlier, on a consolidated basis it increased by 
6%.   
· Our consolidated income from operations decreased from 665 crores to 546 
crores for the quarter.   

Page 3 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
· Our revenue from overseas units increased from 569 crores to 721 crores, 
demonstrating 27% increase.   
· The operating profits for the international units decreased from 28 crores to 22 
crores, appears to be 23% decrease, which I will explain later. 
· 
Our exports from Indian operations decreased from about 1100 crores to 990 
crores and this again a result of the absence of the carbon credit income, which 
was earlier, treated as export income.   
· 
Today 29% of SRF India’s total income comes from exports and that is without 
carbon credit.   
· 
As stated earlier, mainly due to the discontinuation of income from carbon credit, 
the company’s standalone PAT for the last quarter of 2013-2014 reduced by 26% 
from Rs. 72 crores to Rs. 53 crores.   
· 
And standalone PAT for the same fiscal fell 16% from Rs. 259 crores to Rs. 217 
crores.   
· 
SRF consolidated PAT for the year fell 36% from 253 crores to 162 crores.   
· 
Our standalone EBITDA margins for the year was 16%.  Our standalone PAT 
margins was a little over 6%.   
· 
In this volatile environment, we managed to reduce our interest rate from 4.7% to 
3.93% globally.   
· 
The long term borrowings for the standalone SRF stands at 987 crores and for 
the group at 1855 crores, our interest payment for the group has decreased from 
99 crores to 96 crores.   
· 
Our capital employed for the group has increased from 3300 crores to about 
3700 crores.   
· 
The consolidated net worth of the company has increased from 1970 crores to 
about 2070 crores.   
· 
The promoters of the company today hold about 52.4% of the total equity.   
 
A quick look at the changing business profile for SRF and this is being done, because 
this is the first call and I don’t think in future calls this kind of a background would be 
required.  In the last five years our group net sales has increased almost 60%.  In these 
five years, the revenue of technical textile business, our major business increased by 
43% from 1500 crores to almost 2200 crores.  The revenues from chemicals and 
polymer business grew by 45% from 660 crores to around 956 crores.  And the income 
in the first five years also included income from carbon credit.  The revenue from our 
packaging film business in these five years increased almost three times from 336 
crores to 883 crores.  This is in sync with our overall business strategy to gradually 
reduce dependence on technical textiles by growing other businesses and of earning 
respect for our R&D capabilities, especially for specialty chemical business.  And you will 
see that most of the investments that we have put are away from technical textiles and 
even if they are in technical textiles, they are away from nylon tyre cord fabrics.  So, this 
is to introduce new segments and new lines within technical textiles.  Most importantly, 
going forward SRFs profit margin is also expected to improve as the revenue from 
higher margins, knowledge driven, specialty chemicals increases over the coming years.   
 
SPECIALTY CHEMICALS 
We will now move on to the business segments performance highlights.  We start with 
specialty chemicals, which have been growing almost 50% per annum for the last five 
years and holds a promise for the company.  Specialty chemicals which I will call SCB, 
the revenue has increased 50% year on year, with 64 crores in 2010, followed by 96 

Page 4 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
crores, 138 crores, 283 crores in 2013 and this year too which has just closed, the 
increase is over 50%.  This business is driven by R&D and essentially caters to agro and 
pharma sector.  And our strength emanates from three or four characteristics of which 
are peculiar and particular to SRF specially.  For more than twenty years, we have had 
experience of handling the fluorine molecules, which are one of the most hazardous 
compounds known to man and over ten years of pure R&D track record.  Now, with a 
dedicated team of 200 employees covering research and development, pilot projects 
and engineering design team, in our view there is no material competition in India.  
China is also not considered a major threat.  Hence this is a highly IPR and knowledge 
oriented business.  And the confidence level of the buyers needs to be high in the 
supplier.   
 
This business is characterized by high intellectual capital and margins based on our 
ability to make and quick turnaround to confirm ability to supply.  Because, there could 
be ability to make, but one lacks the ability to convert the making ability to supplying 
ability, which includes running the product as a pilot, setting up the plant, engineering 
design etc.  With increasing number of products available, cross selling among the 
existing and the new customers would increase the share of wallet.  , it is a multi product 
to multi customer relationship now.  R&D foundation is well recognized and our two 
facilities are also recognized by DSIR.  Research & Development and engineering 
design teams comprise of over 200 employees and they are augmented by downstream 
engineering and product execution team.  This entire chain from R&D to pilot to 
engineering design to setting up a flexible manufacturing plant, converting it into a main 
plant, all this is done internally.   
 
Since this sector mainly contributes to the agro sector, I will highlight a few growth 
strengths.  Pesticide market is predicted to reach 65 billion by 2015 at a CAGR of about 
8% to 9%.  The pharma industry is expected to grow 3% to 4% and higher in the 
emerging markets.  There is a strong demand from customers in new products.  And I 
must highlight also that the products we develop are actually initiated and triggered by 
the customers.  They come to us with a specific request to make a product.  We do the 
R&D to develop the product.  The process is ours, the design is ours.  And to that extent 
it differs a lot from CRAMS or Custom Synthesis.  We believe that this business is at the 
cusp of growth.  And we have reached the critical mass to be recognized as the world 
class supplier in this segment.  Products are used in agrochemical product of major 
global chemical giants like Bayer Crop Science, BASF and Syngenta and a few pharma 
companies.  By 2003, I have mentioned this earlier, the growth of 50% by 2013; the 
growth came only from a single site, which was Bhiwadi.  And to achieve a growth of 
50%, they were either introducing new molecules year on year or selling the same 
molecules in higher quantity.   
 
In this business, the customer orders are fulfilled in batches or campaign.  This is in the 
form of a clarification I want to highlight that because the product is made in batches or 
campaigns are done for customers, the performance of this business is to be viewed on 
an annual basis.  It would be misleading to give the performance of this business in 
quarter, comparing one quarter with the previous quarter, because it is quite likely that 
the bulk of the batch was actually produced before the quarter end.  But, because there 
were some quantities still to be produced, it actually got delivered and recorded as sale 
in the next quarter.  So, when we are comparing results, this point needs to be kept in 
mind that this is not a steady and a continuous state of supply.  But, I think as volumes 
pick up, this particular abrasion will be overcome as a larger size will enable us to kind of 

Page 5 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
even out the sale.  The new facility in Dahej is contributing increasingly to the growth of 
this segment.  Bhiwadi, the other site which produces some specialty chemical, is now a 
site which is totally full to capacity.   
 
Now, Dahej requires a special mention.  Dahej is a place in Gujarat.  It requires a special 
mention as, it is here where the investment is occurring and where the action is.  And 
hence all investors should and creditors should be concerned at watching what is 
happening at this site.  Over the past few years, company has announced investments 
aggregating around 1400 crores.  Dahej is expected to be 291 acre chemical complex 
and that is the nature of the site.  Total of 224 acres has been paid for and 181 acres, 
we have already taken procession at a total cost of 96 crores.  100 acres, out of that 181 
acres, 100 acres are being presently developed for which we have committed 1400 
crores.  Of this 1400 crores, around 1200 crores have been capitalized by March, so that 
most of the capitalization took place in March 2014 itself, in the last fortnight.  Balance 
whatever Rs. 200 crore is left is either CWIP or still awaiting to be spent.  Plants at 
Dahej make multiple products, both in fluorochemicals and in specialty chemicals, which 
are niche products.  One thing about this site, if you segregate the site, the expenses 
that have gone in till now broadly can be put into five categories.  So, either they are 
infrastructure of a supporting nature or they are put into chemicals, fluorochemicals 
which are commodity in nature or they are being put into utility like power and effluent 
treatment plant or they have gone into R134a gas, which I will talk about in detail later.  
And finally they have gone into specialty chemicals as well.  This was the breakup of 
expense or the nature of expense till now.   
 
Going forward what is going to happen?  Is the revenue mix of Dahej complex will 
change?  Because, the future investments in Dahej will be centered around productive 
plants, not the supporting infrastructure, which actually doesn’t lead to a turnover, a 
visible turnover.  Then lower investments would be required in power and EPC and 
infrastructure of that nature and new plants will be in specialty chemicals and not in the 
lower yielding chlorine chemicals.   
 
CHEMICALS TECHNOLOGY GROUP 
These products can have multiple uses.  They can either be sold as products or they can 
be sold as feed stock to other company or they could also act as feed stock to our own 
plant downstream.  Now, this huge effort in R&D over the last ten years was actually 
propelled by an internal group which we now call Chemicals Technology Group, CTG.  
Now, CTG has been a silent performer, behind the success of specialty chemicals.  And 
it continues to make breakthroughs and develop new technology.  The journey in this 
CTG group, earlier it was called R&D, started around 2003 with an effort to produce a 
gas called R-134a.  There was a time when CFCs, which was our R11 and R12, they 
were getting phased out and people were looking for a replacement and R-134a was a 
gas for which the technology was held by a few global majors.  India and China started 
developing the manufacturing process or the technology to manufacture R134a 
refrigerant gas, which is HFC, on its own.  We set up a group in 2003 and in 2006 we 
were able to produce R-134a.  Once R-134a was produced, the team was redirected 
and grown to explore other uses of fluorine molecules.  So, there is a history.  We have 
been handling the fluorine molecules for the last twenty years making CFC gases.  And 
then we put up a R&D team and that R&D team used its ability to manage fluorine to 
produce newer chemicals.  This team has filed fourteen process patents for specialty 
chemicals during the year and the cumulative count of pending patents is 39.  There are 
39 pending process patents with SRF, patents.   

Page 6 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
 
Key sequence which normally is followed in this entire chain is, we get the customer 
query, we asses our capability to produce the product.  We respond to the customer.  
We develop a lab scale production and get it tested.  We then switch it to a pilot plant, so 
that we have a pilot plant at Rewari, which produces various products and can be 
modified in its construct.  And then we put it to a flexible manufacturing plant, if the 
quantities required are small.  Once the customer commits larger quantities over three to 
five years, then we construct a dedicated plant for that product.  There has been a 27% 
increase in manpower, six technologies are ready for commercialization and fourteen 
pilot campaigns have been undertaken during the year.  So, this is a high capability and 
high confidence team which has been developed.   
 
FLUOROCHEMICALS 
Now, we will come to the other part of the overall chemical business, which is the 
fluorochemicals.  This business comprises refrigerants and chlorinated solvents.  Here 
we produce R22, which is a HCFC gas, which is a gas in between CFC and HFC.  And 
R134a, which is also a refrigerant.  SRF has recently put, expanded its capacity in 
R134a at the Dahej plant.  The aggregate capacity now in SRF for this gas is 17000 tons 
per annum.  And for this new plant we have spent around 400 crores.  Because we 
spent a lot when we created capacity which is way beyond our existing capacity, our 
existing capacity is about 4½ thousand tons, the new capacity is 12½ thousand tons, so 
it is only fair that I dwell on it a little longer.   
 
One and why we thought of investing in R-134a.  SRF is the only supplier in India.  This 
is the key point.  By setting up a plant of this size, we have actually put a stake in the 
ground saying that we are people who own this market.  There is no viable and 
universally acceptable large scale substitute for R-134a.  Even across the world, people 
are still grappling as to what gas will substitute R-134a as a refrigerant.  A possible 
substitute which is being actively discussed is HFO, which is Hydrofluoroolefin, 1234yf.  
Now, this is a viable substitute as far as the properties of refrigeration are concerned.  
But, from a cost point of view it is not yet viable.  It costs 80 dollars against 5 dollars of 
R-134a.  I am certain that the prices will drop rapidly.  But, they will still remain higher 
than R-134a.  And then for developing countries to replace the gas that they use by a 
more expensive gas which may still be three-four times the existing R-134a is going to 
be a difficult proposition.  Even though currently there is no published data, the HFO 
capacity today is at the pilot plant level, which is about 5000 tons commercially, 5000 
tons per annum.  The commercial capacity will still take time to come up.  In the real 
sense, there is still no substitute for 134a, plus the new gas HFO-1234yf has some 
safety concerns about its inflammability etc., which still needs to be addressed.  And it is 
demonstrated by the fact that even Europe which is most conscious and aware of 
environmental concerns has only now issued EDGAR regulation, which are becoming 
effective from 2015, which says that no new car will be produced with this gas.  And 
even to this regulation, there is some kind of opposition.  US has not joined in to directly 
mandate that 134a should be phased out and the new gas should be introduced.  While 
it is expected US will do it, but there is no indication as yet. For, the developing 
countries, there is no regulation which exists.  And generally the trend that has been that 
once the gas is phased out in the Western hemisphere, it takes about ten to fifteen years 
before it can be phased out in the developing countries, because there are cost issues, 
plus the equipment that uses the gas or the refrigerator made today using R-134a will 
have to be scratched.  So, there is an issue from expense point of view.  Plus, this R-
134a is also used as propellant for asthma inhaler, the pharma thing and that too doesn’t 

Page 7 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
have a replacement as yet.  Now, Indian demand today is around 8000 tons per annum 
of this R-134a, which over the last two years has seen flat or marginal growth.  But, it is 
expected to grow 5% to 8% in the short term and maybe higher in the long term.   
 
Now, there is an interesting development that is taking place in the global environment, 
which is that the US demand is approximately 100,000 tons.  And China exports about 
15% of that demand.  About 15,000 tons is imported by US from China.  There is a 
likelihood that US would be imposing an anti-dumping duty on 134a imports from China.  
The countervailing duty has already been declared.  As a first step the countervailing 
duty has happened, the additional anti-dumping duty is likely to happen.  Now, outside of 
China, SRF is the only credible supplier with these kind of capacities at competitive 
prices, who can supply to US, provided the anti-dumping duty is applied.  Now, this will 
naturally change the market dimensions for us.   
 
Now, to complete its range of refrigerant gases, this year SRF has introduced three new 
blends, which is actually a physical mixing of two-three types of gases.  They are called 
R-410a, 407c and 404a.  Suffice it to know that these are considered greener gases 
than the previous one.  Now, one of the gases that we make is R22.  Now, this is facing 
a gradual phasing out scenario, which is to commence from 2015.  However, SRF I think 
would continue to produce the gas, because we can use it as feed stock for downstream 
products which is permitted.  So, the only this gas cannot be sold as a refrigerant, but it 
can be used for downstream products.  So, 2015 is not going to be a total ban, it is stage 
wise reduction, which will take five to seven years for it to get fully completed.  So, we 
don’t expect that our plant will need to be closed, because we will have enough years 
for, as it goes down and the quota has come in.  But, at the same time we will be able to 
use it for the downstream products as well.   
 
Our refrigerant share (in the domestic market) has increased from 35% to 40% in this 
year.  And in various segments, our share ranges from 38% to 60%.  And in many of the 
buyers, we enjoy exclusivity that we supply 100% of their needs.  However, there is 
some kind of a cloud which is around R134a, where China is exporting at around 2.6 
dollars per kg.  In India, in some cases there is anti-dumping and that is one of the 
reasons why anti-dumping is even being imposed or likely to be imposed by the US.   
 
ENGINEERING PLASTICS 
Now, there is another business in this chemical business, which is engineering plastics.  
Now, in engineering plastics, while it happens to be a small business, about Rs. 150 
crores to Rs. 200 crores, we are the number one or number two in the country.  Now, 
this is a highly fragmented business where the global majors are present in India, 
whether it is  Rhodia, DSM, DuPont, all of them in the expectations that the Indian 
market will grow. If the automobile market grows and the white goods market grows, in 
the expectation that these market will grow in this place, these global players are present 
in India.  It is a very fragmented industry which at present is small and everybody thinks 
that it will become larger over a period of time.   
 
TECHNICAL TEXTILES 
Now, I will come to technical textiles business.  India is the second largest nylon tyre 
cord fabrics business and has a demand of over 100,000 tons per annum.  Now, in nylon 
tyre cord fabrics, NTCF, is not a fabric of our future.  It is a fabric of today.  It is a fabric 
of medium term, ten to fifteen years.  But, the fabric itself will never go away.  Please, in 
the foreseeable future it is not going to go away.  This industry is characterized by 

Page 8 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
marginally negative to low growth globally.  But, India still shows growth in volumes.  It is 
in our view, a sort of dependent and it mimics in some way the GDP, because it is so 
closely linked to the transportation sector that the GDP influences it to a high degree.  It 
is a commodity in nature, but still the supplier and the buyer stickiness exists.  No new 
investments in R&D in this sector or in new manufacturing facilities are being made.  
There is no increased capacity.  That is the positive side.  There are high entry barriers 
due to technology and due to big economic plant size, so there are very few people who 
want to invest in an industry, which does not seem to be a growth industry.  India 
fortunately has a deficit market and as per the new numbers, around 40,000 tons is 
imported.  30% of India’s NTCF demand is met through imports, because like I 
mentioned, is met through imports and substantially from China.  Nylon tyre cord fabrics 
performed well.  In the past two years with moderate results but in the last year 2013-
2014, it has done well, this NTCF.  We closed our manufacturing plant in Dubai and are 
in the process of shifting the machinery to different plants for NTCF.  There was a fire at 
NTCF rayon plant and as a result what happened is our consolidated volumes were 
reduced.  But, in India, SRF India sold higher volumes.  There is a marginal increase in 
demand expected, even though people talk about rate realization and that nylon will get 
substituted by steel and polyester, but in our view this will be replaced and compensated 
by increase in demand for two-wheelers and off the road vehicles, especially if 
infrastructure and mining industry were to take off.   
 
Now, I will come to another part of another type of fabric, tyre cord fabric, which is 
polyester tyre cord fabric.  There is a global surplus and this continues to depress 
margins.  Prices in India are about the lowest in the world.  Our PTCF business has not 
performed up to expectations, while the regular yarn which is a little different from the 
tyre yarn, that continues to sell.  What we have done in the process is we have 
converted some of the tyre yarn machines into regular yarn.  And which we continue to 
operate and sell regular yarn, which is lower margin, but it keeps the clock ticking and it 
keeps the plant running.  In belting fabric, we are the world number two.  There is a, I 
would say a lurking upside in this business once the mining and the infrastructure picks 
up in India.  And even then it is not doing too badly.  2013 sales were around 252 crores 
and 2014 at 280 crores.  Our market share has gone up; domestic market share has 
gone up to 70%.  Our global capacity is 11500 metric tons per annum.   
 
Now, I will come to a new segment, which has been there for a few years, but it is in the 
long history of SRF, it is a new segment, which is called coated fabrics.  The products 
made in this segment are used as roofing solutions for stadiums and airports and 
exhibition hangers, pandals and other tensile structure, hoarding etc.  Now, our products 
are, they come out of a plant in Gummidipoondi in Chennai which is a world class brand 
new plant.  It produces good quality.  There were issues earlier, which has now been 
resolved.  However, the economic slowdown has not helped matter and it has had an 
adverse impact.  The capacity here is 1.8 million square meters per month, while the 
utilization is low.  Now, there is another product which is laminated product.  Both, 
coated fabric and laminated fabrics are the only two products which are seen by the 
customers in the form in which we make them.  We make them as rolled products and 
they see them in the same way.  Most of our other products are converted into 
something else, before the end user, the final consumer sees them.  If I make refrigerant 
gas, it is not visible and it is actually charged in air conditioner or a car or a refrigerator.  
So, consumer hardly knows.  Similarly, tyre cord fabric, it goes and forms a tyre and 
people don’t know about it.  Similarly, polyester films, we produce plain films which 
someone else prints and makes chocolate wrappers or potato chips packet out of that.   

Page 9 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
 
Now, in laminated fabric, the story is similar to coated fabrics.  It is below expectations 
and the capacity is 90 million square meters.  The uses are a little different.  These are 
used for hoardings, which you see nowadays it has, which are printed.  Sometimes they 
are also called flex and they can be lit from the back, lit from the front.  It not only makes 
a big difference, we produce quality products, but because it has low entry barriers, 
there are a whole lot of new entrants in the market who are giving us a run for the 
money.  But nonetheless we still command a premium on price and we are the only 
company in the sector which actually takes 100% advance payments before supplying 
materials.  We are holding on to the price because of our quality and I believe that as the 
economy turns, this particular segment should also do well.   
 
PACKAGING FILMS 
Now, we will come to packaging film.  This is the last of the segments that I will cover.  It 
is a lifestyle product.  Fortunately, it is a product which has been seeing growth both 
globally, 4% to 6% which is saying a lot and domestically 12% to 15% per annum.  Now, 
we believe that this industry is entering the latter half of its down cycle.  So, in the next 
twelve to eighteen months, we believe there should be a turnaround.  As an industry it is 
operating at 78% utilization, while it does well anything above 80%.  Now, because in 
India the growth is higher, slowly the growing demand is eating into the surplus capacity.  
At this point there are no new lines which are on the horizon, because the lines take 
about 18 to 24 months, so there is advance information whether the lines are being 
planned to be set up, which is not the case.  What we have been doing in this is, we 
have been developing value added products in India, doing the R&D and moving up the 
contribution chain through our value added products.  The combined capacity, SRFs 
combined capacity in both domestic and international is about 60,000 tons each.   
 
Now, we have set up two plants overseas which I had covered very briefly.  I will take 
South Africa first.  In South Africa for the first time we have ventured into BOPP as a 
product.  This is a polypropylene biaxially oriented film.  The machinery has been 
supplied at Brückner of Germany.  The plant ramp up was smooth and as per Brückner, 
this was one of the best plants they have set up till now.  There is a huge demand-
supply gap in South Africa of about 30,000 tons.  The demand ranges between 32,000 
to 35,000 tons and the existing supplier is able to produce, he is an old supplier and he 
is able to produce 4000 to 5000 tons per annum.  So, there is a gap and that is where 
SRF has stepped in.  We are obtaining approvals at a fast pace.  The plant became 
EBITDA neutral in three months.  And now it is already cash neutral.  One of the things 
that I must mention here is that this plant got commissioned I think on November 26th.  
South Africa has a unique situation, where second half of December to about first week 
of January, South Africa is generally on Christmas holidays.  Soon after we 
commissioned the plant, the country went on vacation.  We then restarted the plant 
around January 10th.  And whatever results we see are of disrupted and part production 
during that period from November to March.   
 
One other characteristic of South Africa which I must explain and the reason why we 
went in is that besides the gap in demand-supply, the custom duty on the raw material, 
which is polypropylene chips is 0% and on finished goods, which is the film is 10%.  So, 
that as it is it gives a clearance advantage to domestic manufacturers.  Then the 
shipment cost, wherever the import from, even India or some companies in India export 
to South Africa, the shipment cost is about (not clear).  Then there are the ways in which 
South Africa operates, there are logistical challenges at the ground level and which 

Page 10 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
makes the supply after ordering unreliable and uncertain even after they have landed in 
South Africa.  What happens is that from ordering to receipt of goods is a period of five 
to six weeks.  But, being a domestic supplier, we have actually changed that paradigm to 
three days.  Now, changing six weeks to three days is a huge cost benefit to the buyer 
and there are some other characteristics.  Also that because of, for the import they need 
to open LC and as per practice in South Africa most of the foreign currency LCs have to 
be cash collateral.  So, there is a cost of holding inventory.  There is a delay in shipment 
and there is a cost of totaling the LCs.  So, there are all kinds of cost.  We think we will 
be in an advantageous position, being a quality producer within South Africa.   
 
Now, I will come to Thailand.  In Thailand we have set up a BOPET plant, just like we 
have in India.  The plant ramp up was again smooth and in this case the machinery was 
from DORNIER.  And we have had a long relationship with DORNIER.  We know their 
people and they know our engineers.  Naturally the ramp up in manufacturing was 
vertical.  But, since BOPET itself is not going through its best phase, polyester films, 
getting realizations for what we produce was a challenge.  But, to keep the machinery, to 
give them a good run, we continue to produce.  And even today we are producing full 
capacity, about 2000 plus tons per month.  Our goods have now been accepted in Japan 
and South Korea, which is a big break, because these are very quality conscious 
countries and once they are accepted there, then the demand is quite consistent and 
regular.  The value-added products that I mentioned earlier being developed in India are 
also now well accepted by the market which we service out of Thailand.  This plant also 
has become cash positive from March onwards for the month of March and March 
onwards.  And we expect this trend to continue to improve as plant efficiencies are 
achieved as the plant runs.   
 
The plants overseas in Thailand and South Africa are totally debt funded.  Their total 
cost was about 125 million dollars.  Of this 125 million dollars, 85 million dollars has 
been financed by International Finance Corporation, Washington, which itself is a big 
endorsement of SRF’s capability and standing amongst creditors.  Both the loans are 
around ten years end to end with a three year moratorium.  And all the documentation, 
creation of security etc. has been completed.  Now, all this was happening on the 
business front, even in the back office and housekeeping, we were not idle.  We 
implemented the latest version of the ERP Oracle 12, R12 along with Oracle Process 
Manufacturing, which was not there earlier across the company.  And what this does is it 
gives us a better handle and better visibility and greater granularity into product costing.  
This makes our costings accurate and provides us the agility to adjust at the right point.  
Besides this, we implemented a global purchase and scrap disposal platform, which led 
to already tangible savings of about 6 crores.   
 
And last but not the least, we began the process of rolling out something that we value 
the most in our organization and that is our organizational values.  These values define 
the way we behave and conduct our business.  With this, I come to the end of what I had 
to say.  I had taken about 49 minutes or so.  I think we will have some time for questions 
and answers.  And with this I would now like to request our moderator to open the lines 
for question and answer session.  Thank you. 
 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your 

Page 11 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.  If you would like to 
withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again.    
 
The first question comes from Mr. Nisarg Vakharia, from Lucky Securities Private 
Limited.  Please go ahead.   
 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Good afternoon sir.  Thank you for the comprehensive 
background of SRF Limited.  It was very helpful.  My question is pertaining to the 
chemical business, which has been at a much lower EBITDA margin.  I understand you 
said not to look at the business quarterly.  But, over the last five years have we 
experienced this volatility in EBITDA margins in the chemical business on a quarterly 
basis? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah.  Thank you for this question.  One is that, like I 
mentioned, the nature of chemical business itself is changing.  Earlier the incomes that 
we saw contained a lot of carbon credit in it.  Now, so to say that in the long path, have 
we seen this volatility?  Actually yes.  
 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
No sir, I am referring specifically to your specialty chemical 
business, excluding… 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
This was both specialty chemicals and the fluoro chemicals .  
The specialty chemical is a story of about four years.  And in quarter on quarter it 
(volatility) was visible within specialty chemicals.  But, the specialty chemical was so 
small and the rest of the income there was hiding the volatility of the chemicals, specialty 
chemicals business.  First year it was 64 crores.  If it is every quarter, it will be 16 crores.  
The volatility in 16 crores won’t be apparent at all.  Similarly, in the next year it was 96 
crores.  And that time we were getting CERs which were embedding all this income.  So, 
volatility, what has come down is nothing great.  What we need to see is, do I have an 
order?  Are my plants operating?  And for the quarter and the next quarter do I have 
visibility?  What I would like to inform the people on the call is that this is nothing 
unusual.  It is not that the plant was not working.  It is not that there was no occupancy of 
the plant.  And I will give you an example, suppose I have to supply 200 tons and I 
produce 3 tons per day, so it takes 60  days.  I  produced 180 tons up to 31st March.  I 
can’t supply those 180 tons since the customer requirement is not met. I would have to 
produce 20 MT more & supply the whole lot in the next year . In fact what I would  go as 
far as to say that the last quarter (q3)  was an aberration and people who spoke to me 
last quarter(q3), I told them that don’t judge the performance based on that quarter.   
Don’t multiply the last quarter for specialty chemicals to think about a year.  But, look at it 
on a year to year  basis. As the business is run sometimes on a campaign basis  So, 
one swallow does not make a summer.   
 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Sir, on a steady state basis over the next two-three years, 
what are the margins that we typically target for this business?  Forget about what 
happens in a quarter, I am saying on an annual basis.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Now, I would say that unlike mutual fund industry, in this 
particular case past is the good reflection of the future.  I will not go beyond saying and 
state what are my expected margins.  We resist from giving margins especially in this 
business and giving future looking statements and especially where they are, where the 
future looking statements which are so positive in nature.  I don’t want to venture into 

Page 12 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
that area.  But, I will give you an example which we gave before these results were out, 
if you see chemical business of up to nine months December, if you see the EBIT of nine 
months up to December, and don’t do any complex calculations, pick up the EBIT and 
divide by sales, you will get something like 22% or 24% for the total chemical business  
now, which is a melting pot of various businesses within chemicals.  If the weighted 
average EBIT is 22.6% or 22.4%, I will leave it to your good imagination what specialty 
chemicals would have been if the blended margin is 22%.  I don’t think anything adverse 
will happen.  It is the ability to make and the ability to deliver on time.  Let me explain the 
characteristics:  it is a new business,we don’t know how much of  our final product goes 
into our buyer’s  final products.  So, for him it may be a very small component.  While as 
a percentage he may be prepared to pay me much higher, it doesn’t have a huge 
bearing on his final product.   
 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Sir, the last question would be what would be the CAPEX, 
CAPEX plus maintenance CAPEX plans for FY15, FY16? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, for this business or every other business? 
 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
No, generally for the entire. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Normally what we take as a ballpark figure is 2% 
maintenance CAPEX.  Let me tell you, the CAPEX  at Dahej site will continue year on 
year, what we expect 250 crores to 300 crores,every year, because as I mentioned we 
have a 281 acre site and we have developed 100; in this 100 acres till march, we still 
have capacity  for three to four plants which can still be put.  Now, once these three-four 
plants have been put in there and the 100 acres is exhausted, we will be looking at 
developing the next 100.  So, to do that, one, Dahej site will remain a manufacturing and 
project site for some years, second we will have to be committing 250 crores to 300 
crores every year on an ongoing basis.  As of now, we don’t see any huge CAPEX 
coming on in any other business.   sometimes change CAPEX is definitely possible if it is 
a power solution CAPEX, or a power conservation CAPEX or it is a balancing equipment 
CAPEX (not clear).  But, no major CAPEX is presently expected in any other business.   
 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Thank you for answering my question sir.  Best of luck.  
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Thank you.   
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Sir, our next question comes from Mr. Dixit 
Mittal from Subhkam Ventures.  Please go ahead.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Good afternoon sir. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, good afternoon Dixit.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Sir, just wanted to understand, can you give the breakup of 
chemical business during this quarter sir, Q4, in terms of specialty and commodity? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
In terms of specialty and commodity, yes.  The specialty 
business has been around 440 odd crores.   
 

Page 13 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Sir, that is for the full year.  For Q4 can you give the breakup 
sir? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Q4, yeah, just hold on.  I will give you that.  For Q4 it is, 
specialty is about 110.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Okay.  Sir, in terms of run rate you have been maintaining 
around 100 crores per quarter kind of run rate in specialty? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
But, people are telling me that this quarter we did low, but 
the last quarter was higher. 
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Yeah, but blended if you see like, Q3 also you would have 
done the same kind of revenue in specialty.  But, in Q3 we witnessed around 25% kind 
of margin in this segment.  So, is it that in commodity we have suffered any losses in this 
quarter? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No.  Even in commodity we have not suffered, it could be a 
mix of whole lot; there could have been an  R&M which has come in between.  Because, 
these are all new plants and they are all indigenous and self designed plants.  Now, just 
hold on and I will just give you the numbers.  March quarter in specialty chemicals, yeah, 
there is actually no change which has happened even in the chemical business, which is 
worth mentioning.  There won’t be anything substantial.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Sir, because the EBIT in Q3, it was around 70 crores in this 
segment.  In Q4 it was around 34 crores.  I was trying to understand if there was any 
one off item in this segment, because at 110 crores of specialties, I think 30 crores-35 
crores was made on the specialty only kind of, if I assume 30% margins on specialty, so 
it means we have around 35 crores in the specialty business only.  So, commodity has 
not made money in Q4? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
In commodity we have made, yeah, we have made money in 
commodity also.  We have made about 10 crores in commodity at EBIT level.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Okay.  That means the margins in specialty should have 
been lower quarter on quarter? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
They have come down.  .  This is all arithmetic.  I am 
assuming you are reading the right figures. 
*The following statement is being issued in form of a clarification and was not discussed 
during the call. 
The operating profit of Rs 34 cr referred in the above discussion corresponds to a 
turnover of 248 cr Q4 of FCB, SCB & Polymer business. Operating profit is inclusive of 
profits from the above businesses after charging R&D expenses. 
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Yeah sir, because in your like published results is shown 34 
crores as compared to 70 crores in Q3 in this whole segment.  So, that means if I take 
10 crores from commodity, that means specialty you have done around 25 crores on 110 
crores of revenue.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Correct.  That is why we have that.   

Page 14 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
 
Dixit Mittal: 
So sir I think these are (audio break) months we were doing 
much better in specialty chemicals sir.  
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
We can’t compare also, because what happens is it is also a 
function of sales, in the sense that plant efficiency etc. start improving if you have higher 
sales at that point of time.  Are you unhappy with 25% EBIT? 
 
Dixit Mittal: 
No sir, I am not unhappy.  I was just comparing quarter on 
quarter sir, because… 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
 Told you, don’t view this business quarter on quarter.  It 
goes both for turnover and for margins.  Because, this is not one product and today we 
are selling about ten molecules.  Now, all molecules will not be reflecting the same 
margins.  Some may have two reactions and some may have five reactions that we have 
to do.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Okay, so it means to say it should have changed. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah.  And there is another thing which has just come to 
mind, There are also some products that are used downstream.  Now, once they are 
used downstream, they actually increase your value chain, but they don’t show as 
turnover.  This is also which could be a factor.  If we do a final study of this, maybe that 
will be one of the reasons where a greater part of our produce was used in-house.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Okay sir.  Sir, in your commodity is there any seasonality  
quarter on quarter or we should take at... 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No, there will be seasonality, because like refrigerant gases, 
normally the white goods manufacturers start picking it up in January or December for 
making the air conditioners or the refrigerators.  There is seasonality to the extent that 
there is seasonality in cars.  So, during the marriage season more cars get purchased.  
You have to see what is the background linkage to these products.  And this will 
naturally demonstrate the same seasonality.  In fact one of the reasons this market for 
these refrigerant gases have not done too well this whole year is because there has 
been a decline in air conditioners and there has been an increase in imported air 
conditioners which come with  charged gas.  You can import an air conditioner with gas 
or without gas.  If you import without gas, then in any case it makes no difference, 
because the gas would be ours.  But, if you import them with gas, then it can impact the 
demand side.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Okay sir.  Sir, can you give the nine months figure sir for the 
specialty, revenue and EBIT? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Nine months revenue for specialty chemicals? 
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Yes sir, revenue and EBIT.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, nine months.  What happens is today it is quite 
embedded in the chemical business.  We don’t want to segregate chemical business in 
too much detail going forward.  It has our business reasons and because and it is 

Page 15 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
actually detrimental to company’s own good.  You would understand the reasons, 
because then there is a direct correlation between these margins and turnover.  And that 
our buyers can view it in a different way.  So, what you have now is, if you see the last 
figure which is, as you are saying, 25% EBIT is what you have calculated.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Right.  Sir, finally in this packaging film business sir, you said 
that EBITDA, you have already done the EBITDA positive.  So, when will we turn PBT 
positive? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
We have done the EBITDA positive.  This year should be 
PBT positive.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Okay.  It should be PBT positive in FY15.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Okay.  Sir, finally if I take blended margins for chemicals, 
should I take around whatever nine months margins are there that….? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
That is a representative rate.  
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Okay, that is around 24%-25% kind of blended margins. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Whatever, nine months is 22.6% or whatever it is coming to.  
I am doing a simple arithmetic on publicly known figures.   
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Right.  Sir, going forward as you said this is because 
contribution from specialty will increase, so we should take slightly higher margin going 
forward for nine months? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
It is up to you.  But, you know mix will change. 
 
Dixit Mittal: 
Right.  Thanks a lot sir.  
.   
 
. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any 
questions please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.   
 
Our next question is from Mr. Kamal Gada from UTI Mutual Fund.  Please go ahead.   
 
Kamal Gada: 
Hello sir, good afternoon sir.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Good afternoon Kamal.  
 
Kamal Gada: 
Congratulations on a good execution of your overall Dahej 
project.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Thank you.  
 

Page 16 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
Kamal Gada: 
Sir, I had two or three questions.  One was on the working 
capital we have seen in FY14 that has gone up compared to FY13.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Working capital? 
 
Kamal Gada: 
So, just wanted to understand would this be a stable level of 
working capital or a….? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No, 
this 
is 
a 
total 
aberration, 
because 
we 
were 
commissioning the plant.  So, this is actually a snapshot picture of 31st March, because 
of Dahej.   
 
Kamal Gada: 
Probably these are not the numbers to…. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No, all these numbers are going to be taking a reduction.  
But, if you see the, there is an increase from, if you see the net current asset as of 31st 
March, where increase from 656 SRF India to 725, which means about 70 crores, .  
which is about 10 to 11% of previous, which is okay.  If you are going to set up a new 
business with 600 crores capitalization and partly what has also happened here is when 
the project got capitalized, the stores and spares of the project gets transferred to 
inventory.  This is part of that.  Till they get consumed, it will keep coming down as repair 
and maintenance.  It is not a trend.  It is an aberration.  If it was not 31st March and it has 
been 30th April, probably it would have been a lower figure.  
 
Kamal Gada: 
Right.  That is what I wanted to get the feedback.   
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
 We keep a very close watch on this.   
 
Kamal Gada: 
Okay.  Can you give, what was the Dahej revenue for this 
quarter, for the year and for the quarter? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Dahej 
is 
a 
mix 
of 
both 
specialty 
chemicals 
and 
fluorochemicals.  And people ask questions of how much is Dahej, how much is  Bhiwadi 
and how much is chemicals and then they try and triangulate what the chemical, what 
the specialty chemicals business is.  So, the Dahej sales was, suffice it say over 300 
crores.   
 
Kamal Gada: 
Fine, sir.  Sir, coming to the subsidiary performance, I think 
we saw a decline in the numbers on the subsidiary front and one of the reason was we 
closed down the Dubai unit. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Okay, actually what happened is the Dubai transaction was 
not consummated before 31st March, okay, because there was some last minute 
documentation, etc. which was left, So what you see here is actually coming from a 
variety of sources, but the bulk source in this case is PFB Thailand.  Now this got 
commissioned if I remember correctly, 30th June.  While the plant’s operations were very 
good, the customer approvals and price realizations were not good at all.  So, this 
overall showed a PAT loss of 22 crores which is in Thailand and in  South Africa which 
was commissioned in November. , And I mentioned earlier that three weeks it is closed 
in December 2nd fortnight to 1st week of January there was a PAT level loss of 15.7 
crores.  Therefore there is a depreciation component in it, there is a interest component 

Page 17 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
in it for all the  period that it has been capitalized plus the fixed cost in South Africa is a 
little high,  You have to maintain the employees for three weeks, actually you maintain 
them for three weeks and there is no output.  This is the business environment in South 
Africa and  the unit cost of doing business and that is why on the revenue side it is a 
lucrative place to be, but unfortunately what happened i was commissioned, we were 
able to utilize only from January to March, 8 11 weeks, but bore the whole brunt of the 
three weeks of idle time, but South Africa and specially South Africa is in my view not a 
cause for worry, because the plant is doing superbly well and the customer support and 
approvals are actually going very well.  Now, in addition to this, what I have told  you 
about 38 crores loss at PAT level, right.  Then there are others adjustmentswhich 
happens as because we supply goods from India to other units, to Port Elizabeth and we 
were supplying to Dubai as well. Based on a certain transfer pricing formula which is 
acceptable to Income Tax, there is a common profit element which needs to be 
eliminated , which gets eliminated only at the consolidation stage,  you have to remove 
the profit from the local books That element itself is about 14 crores.  If you take 38 plus 
14 it is about 52 crores.  Now there are some pluses from our actual businesses which 
were existing in Thailand which was the technical textile business and the printing fabric 
in Port Elizabeth Wehave a holding company, you are aware, a 100% owned holding 
company in Netherland.  There our establishment costs, even though we have no office 
there, but their legal compliance cost, audit cost, various fees etc. which gets paid out of 
that unit,  The very fact that you are a registered company and it has no income, those 
costs get embedded.  Overall the difference which you see between 217 and  162 which 
is about 55 crores, most of it is coming from 37 plus 14 which is 52 plus . 
 
Kamal Gada: 
Sir, I believe this will not be there next year, right, I mean, as 
we utilize our plant?  
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No, clearly we see it as a onetime and in a sense a startup 
associated cost.  It is not in the regular nature of operations. 
 
Kamal Gada: 
Right and finally sir, what was our gross debt both on 
standalone and consolidated? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
The gross debt is on a consolidated basis is 2175 crores, if I 
remember correctly and 1270 crores on a standalone basis; so again if the net worth is 
about 2100 crores something.  On a debt equity basis, we are quite comfortable. 
 
Kamal Gada: 
Sir, average borrowing cost for consol and standalone would 
be? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Consol is about 3.93 as against 4 point something last year 
and even on a standalone basis, I will just tell you.  On a standalone basis blended cost 
is about 8% including the ECF. 
 
Kamal Gada: 
Fine, sir.  Thanks for answering the questions, all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question comes from Pratik Poddar 
from ICICI Prudential Asset Management, please go ahead. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
Yeah, hi.  Sir, just one question on R134a what is the current 
capacity utilization? 

Page 18 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, hi Pratik. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
Hi, how are you? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, today the Biwandi plant, the capacity is  5000 tons 
where we made about  3200 tons, so that is about  64%.. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
And I believe you have capitalized that 12500. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, we have, I explained  in detail during the call that we 
capitalized that 12,500, but there are a lot of things which are happening  At the cost of 
repeating that US is likely to impose anti-dumping on China, likely and right now the way 
the price arithmetic works, China is selling globally at $2.6 a kg. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
Yeah, so out of this 12,500 are we utilizing anything or right 
now… 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No, we have just started, it got commissioned in March. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
Yeah, so I was wondering if you could share, you know, 
there two months the forward month, like till today is May, right, so have you ramped that 
up, is what I am looking for? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No, see in chemical business because of the sensitive 
catalyst and all which are deployed you cannot ramp it up all of a sudden.  Even 
temperature you cannot increase because something might get contaminated, so there 
is a gradual process.  The way I look at it, that plant should produce about 8000 tons 
during the year. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
Sure and this is what I just wanted to know, thank you so 
much. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No, this is not for these two months, so these two months it 
may produce just, see if it is a capacity of let us say 12,000, it means 1000 tons a month,  
So in April it may produce 200 tons, then 300 tons and so on, finally what we see on an 
accumulated picture is about 8000 tons. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
Okay, 8000 from this 12500 and already 3,000… 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
We will review the Bhiwadi one, because we had to see 
whether we want to put 17,000 into the market or not, there are various options that we 
have for the Bhiwadi plant, there are three options, either I can shut it down or I can 
convert it to another gas or another chemical or I can shift it to  Dahej and produce 134A  
If we don’t want to have a capacity of  600 MT can do two things with the plant, I can 
convert it or I can shut it down.  So, that decision we will take over the year. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
And sir, I am not aware of the cost dynamics, but is there an 
element of operating leverage in the R134A, I mean, is there an element of fixed cost, 
very high fixed cost, is that understanding correct? 
 

Page 19 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, see one is I would say the operating leverage will be 
greater in; the fixed cost will be lower in Dahej because of the size of the site, a larger 
plant also.  So, if you were to take fixed cost per ton, it will be much  lower plus it is not 
the same process as we use in Bhiwadi , because of our experience we use our own 
process, but a more efficient one.  There is an economy of scale plus the inherent 
advantages that Dahej is a cheaper site than Bhiwadi.  So, it is economical or more 
efficient for us to make, if we are to make 134a, it is better for us to make in Dahej. 
 
Pratik Poddar: 
Okay, thank you so much, sir and all the best. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Sir, our next question is from Avinash Agarwal 
from Sundaram Mutual Fund, please go ahead. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Sir, in spite of our capitalization… 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Good afternoon, Avinash. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Yeah, good afternoon, sir.  Sir, in spite of our capitalization 
through the year, our depreciation has remained more or less flat… 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Through the year?  We didn’t do through the year; the 600 
crores got capitalized in March.  
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Yes sir, but I believe you have added a couple of smaller 
plants in the first or second quarter as well, right? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Definitely it would have gone up by 15 crores. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Sir, last quarter Q3 it was 48 crores and this quarter it is 46 
crores, so and if you see year on year also it is 48 crores last quarter, … 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, there was some adjustment done to depreciation, 
some re-classed and there were certain assets which had been depreciated far beyond , 
what they should have been depreciated over their useful life, there was a correction 
which was done which was about 7 8 crores. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Okay, so sir, what should we take as the normal run rate, sir 
then, I mean, if this 46 had some element of one off, like you mentioned? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, see the total 46. Actually there will not be any run rate 
for the simple reason we are adding plants and certain assets are going off depreciation 
in technical textiles.  So, you are never seeing a stationary picture,  because what is 
happening is our many plants are old and some part, some  reorganization took place, 
there will be a whole chunk of  30 - 40 crores worth of gross assets which will go off the 
block and this will happen every year on the one side and there will be an addition of 
chemical assets  I will give you a third reason.  If now the Companies Act allows us to 
define useful life and we want to take a serious look to calculate depreciation based on 
actual useful life rather than fictitious useful life as mandated by existing old Company’s 
Act,  , what that act said  useful life is just 20 years or 10 years, you cannot increase the 

Page 20 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
life and reduce depreciation while we know that our plants had been operating for 20-25 
years.  If you do good maintenance then your plants actually continue.  So we are 
thinking of conducting an exercise, I mean, properly with good credentials of the 
valueraccepting the useful life of our entire fixtures and then matching it with their actual 
life and then seeing what impact it makes on the depreciation.  Now, depreciation for the 
past doesn’t hit us  in the P&L in any case, it goes into past income/ reserves , but it will 
have an impact going forward.  For some time I don’t think you will see a run rate, but at 
the same time you should not see wide ranging disturbances. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Okay and sir, on the interest cost as well, it has fallen and 
then in Q2 it was more than…. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Yeah, I tell you what has happened in interest cost is a large 
part of it has got capitalized, okay, that is why and secondly we have said that we have 
reduced interest cost of 4 point something to 3.93 interest rate. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Sir, that reduction has come more in the overseas debt or in 
Indian debt, sir? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
No, it is the weighted  blended  rate, but I think there would 
be a higher proportion of overseas debt too. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
No, because I am talking from the standalone point of view 
where, you know… 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Even standalone there would be a little higher percentage of 
overseas Fx debts, because our exports component is going up through specialty 
chemicals. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Okay, fair enough and sir, in terms of the customer 
approvals for the Thailand plant, how is it coming through, sir, any …? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Very good, like I mentioned we made an entry, first foray into 
Japan and Korea.  Now, Japanese industry  favors products coming out of Thailand 
than, you know other countries in this region,  So because our plants in Thailand is 
manufacturing to that quality, we have got approvals for certain products from our 
Thailand plant for Japan and South Korea.  Now, if this thing continues and the plant 
continues to manufacture the same quality, this will be a good source, consistent source 
of demand.  The quality is not again a problem because in fact in March we produced 
110% of capacity, we produced I think 2200 tons odd.  The plant has been already run at 
100% capacity.  We don’t always run it at 100%, but it has been tested up to beyond 
100% and it has done consistently…. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Okay and sir, going forward what is the tax rate we should 
assume in FY15 and 16? 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Very difficult to say,  It is a difficult question, but what I can 
tell you is that investment allowance is still available for one more year, which we will 
naturally avail to the extent that we  by and established CAPEX.  It should be above 100 
crores in any case on that investment allowance.  We have already, if you have seen,  
approved CAPEX of 140 crores.  Now, if that CAPEX gets bought and installed in this 

Page 21 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of SRF Limited 
 
year, this 140 is in any case available plus there is some work in progress of the past for 
the balance of which we have not incurred.  When we incur that expense, and that is 
also capitalized, there will be some more.  This tax rate is a very nebulous figure which 
is difficult for us to comment on more because the whole company is not in a business 
as usual mode at this point. It is in a growth and a evolving mode. 
 
Avinash Agarwal: 
Okay.  Sure sir, thanks a lot and all the best. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir.  Now I hand over the floor to Mr. Tejas Seth 
of Emkay Global for closing comments, please go ahead. 
 
Tejas Seth: 
On behalf of Emkay, I would once again like to thank the 
management for the call.  Have a great day.  Thank you all. 
 
Rajendra Prasad: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial 
Services that concludes this conference.  Thank you for joining us and for using Door 
Sabha’s conference call service.  You may disconnect your lines now, thank you and 
have a great day. 
 
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1.This document has been edited to improve readability and ensure 
accuracy of facts. 
 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
