Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Speciality Restaurants Limited 
Conference Call” 
 
May 29, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANAND SHAH – ANALYST, KOTAK INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANJAN CHATTERJEE - FOUNDER & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
MR. INDRANEIL PALIT - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - 
PROJECTS BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT & STRATEGIC 
PLANNING, SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH MOHTA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
FINANCE, SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Speciality Restaurants Q4 FY and 
Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Kotak Securities Limited. As a 
reminder all participant lines will be in the listen‐only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anand Shah from Kotak Securities; thank you and over to you sir. 
Anand Shah: 
Thanks, Karuna. Hi, everyone, and welcome to the 4Q FY'14 and Full Year FY’14 
Speciality Restaurant Earnings Call. I welcome you all on behalf of Kotak Institutional 
Equities, we joined by the senior management of Speciality Restaurants represented by Mr. 
Anjan Chatterjee, Founder & Managing Director, Mr. Indraneil Palit, Executive Director, 
Projects Business Development and Strategic Planning and Mr. Rajesh Mohta, Executive 
Director, Finance. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Mohta to discuss the recently 
announced earnings. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Thank you, Anand. Welcome gentlemen this is Rajesh Mohta. We have pleasure in 
announcing the results for the quarter and the Financial Year 2014. 
 
We closed quarter four with our revenue of 67.50 Crores vis-à-vis 58.45 Crores year-on-
year registering an increase of 15.5% on revenues with EBITDA of 9.32 Crores vis-à-vis 
11.19 Crores and a PAT of 3.43 Crores vis-à-vis 5.34 Crores registering a de-growth of 
36%. 
 
The financial year 2013-14 closed with the revenue of 263.85 Crores vis-à-vis 226.92 
Crores registering a total increase of 16.27% with EBITDA of 43.78 Crores with the 
corresponding EBITDA of 45.91 Crores and PAT being 18.90 Crores vis-à-vis 23.41 
Crores. 
 
During the financial year 2013-14 company opened 18 restaurants, COCO would be 14 and 
FOCO 4 and we crossed the landmark of 100 restaurants and confectionaries during the 
financial year. 
 
We would highlight some of the issues primarily with respect to the external macro picture 
and the corresponding internal sentiments which had impacted the discretionary spend 
during the year. 
 
Now I leave it open for question and answer session please. Thank you. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 3 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the 
question‐and‐answer session. First question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Ialpha 
Enterprises, please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, if I look at Q4 EBITDA margins they are almost at a 
three year low, so if you could give us some sense what is hitting us especially at the raw 
material level because we had taken price hikes few months ago and even on a sequential 
basis they are year-on-year obviously there are more than 300 bps so any further price hikes 
plan to offset this. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
To answer your question the primary reason for the last financial year drop is primarily 
because what is happening there is an upfront cost of the new stores which are getting 
opened during the year and we are caring the staff et cetera for the new stores and the new 
stores breakeven period has also not extended because of the sentiments which are 
prevailing in the economy and the country. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
That would be more at EBITDA level. I was more trying to understand at a gross margin 
level where I just look at your raw material cost they are up 340 bps year-on-year and they 
are up almost 60 bps on a sequential basis, so what is hitting us there because we have taken 
some price increases. So any further increase in prices or appreciating rupee depreciating 
rupee what is affecting us at the raw material level or which pocket is hitting us and do we 
see that changing soon is what I was trying to understand. Obviously EBITDA is also down 
and if I look at EBITDA it is almost 3 years in a row the EBITDA for the company has not 
grown despite sales growth. So there some of the below gross margin heads could be 
relevant, so if you could give us some understand that will help us. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I will take that question. Hi this is Anjan Chatterjee here. The point here is very important I 
completely agree with you on these numbers, but it is a very planned call that we have taken 
a) I do not need to tell you about the macro and I do not want to rub anybody on the macro 
and obviously we are all looking forward to with the balance sheet that we have which is 
debt free, fact that we have been given a mandate to open restaurants, so the very calculated 
risk that we had to take that the real estate at this point of time is the lowest we know that 
there are serious headwinds, so there is an import component in all the Chinese raw material 
which is our flagship brand 70% so the dollar fluctuation has hit us partly and the rest I do 
not need to tell you that the inflation of the food raw material cost has gone unprecedented 
over a period of time. Although we did not raise our prices over a period of time because in 
a long-term play I do not want my footfalls further go down done everything to ensure that 
we sustain them and ensure that we wherever possible we will have incremental growth and 
which we have done. Now my question here is that the raw material going forward I do not 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 4 of 23 
need to tell you necessarily coating the cliché called Acchhe Din Aa Rahe Hai I am saying 
that we were somehow intuitively we were sure that we have seen, see 22 years in this 
business has shown me lot of cyclicality in terms of economy. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Absolutely sir I have no doubt about the history, the management, and the potential, but sir 
if I look at over the last three years obviously some of the issues which you said in the last 
three years the EBITDA of the company has not grown so three years is a reasonable 
amount of time so going forward how will the EBITDA change will it be improved gross 
margin will it be operating leverage, will it be employee cost and some of the rental cost or 
some of the operating expenses increasing at a lesser place so will increase sales growth 
drive this or will cost not increase in that proportion and when I am trying to get this 
perspective it is not what I am talking of June quarter I am talking over a period of time and 
some thought process on that. So down the line one year, two year down the line where do 
we see that, how do we see that is what I was trying to understand? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I will tell you that last price increase was done, it was September 2011 and then later on it 
was in December 2013 so obviously we suffered very badly during this period, but it was a 
calculated strategic call that we took and we will hold the price line. Secondly you just 
imagine that this revenue which is at X level if it become X plus 2, X plus 3 every 
component of the revenue the top-line growth we gain, secondly we are carrying a lot of 
load of restaurants which have not opened and we carry a load of employees cost which is 
loaded in this particular balance sheet and we have to have trade personnel. Now we have 
been holding ourselves to go on a full-fledged expansion stream we promise X but we have 
try and matched it, it does not make good business sense to open restaurants mindlessly to 
prove it to the investors but trust me we got the best leverage for example I can tell you 
Palladium Mall, Oberoi mall we are opening the new form of the Mainland China, Asia 
Kitchen which has been a huge success we have taken a precondo run I do not know anyone 
of you have noted because in Mainland China new going forward we want to have a, we 
have already given birth to it, you can check it in the Oberoi mall in Bombay where we 
open Mainland China Asia Kitchen now this is an all-day dining, the operational leverage 
here is that we are actually being able to take the advantage of the four hours which were 
lull and which were dead for us, we were just lunch and dinner kind of a format so it is a 
quantum leap on Mainland China wherever possible we are like for the Palladium mall now 
we have entered in the DLF hub these stores they have been able to give us during this 
period we have negotiated great rentals we have been able to control things internally and 
there is a huge level of inventory of the people we are carrying with us in our schools. So all 
this will get the moment the stores start opening up and they get it you will see a surge 
obviously there will be a revenue growth as you said Acche Din Aa Gaye Hai I would not 
necessarily say ag gayen hai, aa rahe hai, I always go to my restaurants and look at the 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 5 of 23 
footfalls thinking Modiji nay kitne logon ko bejaa aaj, abi thak hua nahin, insha allah who 
hoga I can confidently tell you that this whole thing you will see in the next financial year 
which is coming forward that will be a completely different balance sheet and we will see 
the call was very simple sit tight do not expand take a lot of money from public you earn 
your treasury money and sit on it and the other one was okay you getting an advantage you 
have a balance sheet which is debt free you have money why do not you look at the 
expansion wherever possible get best of locations at lowest price and today with god’s 
grace in the Chinese space or pan Asian space there is no mall which can conduct without 
when I am talking about the Palladium or a DLF hub these are the best malls of India and 
the destination we have been able to the negotiation that we have done in this period is 
absolutely marvelous so you will see that the rental component which started originally 21 
years back to 22% of the whole cost is coming down to a level we have even gone to a 7% - 
8% of revenue share to a 10% to 12% averaging around 12% - 13%. So the end and the 
operational leverage that we are taking over a period of time and as you know I do not need 
to again go back to the macro there have been serious, serious problem from all so it is a 
double whammy dollar going fluctuation on that and then again we have a cost so what you 
see this is a dismal picture of this particular quarter but obviously we are not here to run 
quarter-to-quarter I can reassure this to you that as the revenue grows up which 100% has to 
go up because the brand has not gone anywhere it is disconnected it is just a number of time 
the people have to go across and obviously in a long-term play sometimes you have to take 
calculated strategic risk which we have taken I will reassure you that and it is fortunately 
we are talking with a lot of forward now with a full mandated government everything 
changing every day we are seeing a new surprise coming in it is a business friendly 
environment and we are very confident of the fact that everything put together we will be 
able to manage all these things to our topline growth and a control of our cost as the 
manpower gets absorbed. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And is it fair to assume if rupee was to be at even current levels forget the appreciating or 
the best case scenario we would automatically see our raw material cost coming down by 
200 bps is that a fair assumption to make? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Left me tell you this Mr. Palit can tell you in elaboration what we have done is that while 
we were importing quite a lot of stuff that (Inaudible-13.39) what we have done now is that 
we are trying to understand that is it possible to do with our brand which can be home 
grown as you know there are lot of national brands so the chefs together, Palit will you 
elaborate that they are doing the domestic things that they wanted to change from the 
foreign company. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 6 of 23 
Indraneil Palit: 
Yes it is actually we are looking at replacement of some of the ingredients that we have 
been importing so far that is to be replaced with something which is grown domestically 
without compromising on the quality of the food and we have been successful and I think 
we are going to spread this out to all the units once we are sure of our experiments that will 
take a lot of pressure away. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
We ensures we do not want to be so import dependent a company because in the flagship 
brand of Mainland China even earlier on the noodles were coming in from there because we 
wanted great quality that time it was cheap and cheerful from China so now that it is not 
working out can there be a noodle manufacturer which we are developing we are working 
very, very closely with five, six manufacturers to ensure that the same things we are not so 
import dependent because some learnings have come in over a period of time. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And this localization should have a very clear impact and by this say first half we should be 
clear whether we have achieved our target whether the taste or whatever are the quality 
parameters we are checking is known to us and then the import component can definitely 
come down. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
For sure because we have already done the tactical experiment within Bombay city in two 
three restaurants there is absolutely no fluctuations and we have ensured that you see 
obviously everything is good it is an foreign cuisine so it needs foreign ingredient to give 
them the taste and simulate that experience but sometimes it so happens that it can be, if we 
are over dependent on that we may just lose the whole game so hence we have understood 
this and I think that you will see that the first half this the number is changing. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Great all the best just one question for Rajesh if I look at the average cash balance we are at 
120 Crores last year and this year or the average investment sorry not the cash balance and 
if I look at the other income the other income for this year is around 98 million so specially 
in high rate interest environment is there some unbooked or marked-to-market gain which is 
accrued because the yield seems slightly lower time when interest rates are pretty high in 
India. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See our mandate to invest the treasury is into mutual funds have been managing our fund 
with liquid, liquid plus, and FMP so this is the basically the tax free income which we are 
getting at 9.8 Crores. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
But the yields comes to around 8% if I take a 120 Crores average invested value and if I 
take 98 million the yield comes to 8%. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 7 of 23 
Rajesh Mohta: 
That is our mutual fund liquid, liquid plus category investments majorly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Good afternoon sir thanks for taking my question. I have one broader question can you just 
give us a broader perspective of Mainland China Asia Kitchen we want to understand the 
model how exactly it is different from normal your Mainland China restaurant? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I will take this question this is Anjan Chatterjee, hi. We are a very research based company 
so what we did was that we were tracking the space which we do every three months within 
the short period of time we understood that the trends in the market are changing and while 
Chinese continues to be the most popular foreign cuisine within the Chinese space there 
was a dynamism which came across that people are taking Khow suey which is Burmese or 
a Thai Curry or may be a Nasi Goreng which is Malaysian as a part of the whole orient and 
people did not mind coming across and eating that in Mainland China. So what we did was 
we track this trend of course the ITC hotel has got a pan Asian restaurant I used to look and 
monitor that over a period of time and we introduced some of our items to understand how 
objectionable would this be to our average Mainland China goer would they mind a Thai 
Curry coming on the buffet so rather than putting on an a-la-carte we put it in some of the 
high selling stores all over India and put these items on the buffet interface, interactive and 
with some form of the other in the buffet and we took a research group and we did some 
FGDs to find out that none of the people who were coming to Mainland China in fact this 
was a great surprise for them and it was a good thing because the palate changed. See 
within Chinese cuisine obviously there are challenges that you can only do this much and 
not beyond that and everybody wants innovation coming in and as you know that 
historically a brand has to be refreshed so we saw an opportunity and hence we said that 
Mainland China being the mainstay people walk into a restaurant because of Mainland 
China we look at an opportunity where we can actually get the Asian cuisine which will 
have a bit of these not heavy sushi, sushi is not eaten by average middle classed Indian, it is 
slightly evolved in actually a kind of a SEC A1, A2 but we had Californian rolls, some 
vegetarian things and everything like a dynamite tofu so all these things were put together 
and we worked very hard on Asia kitchen differentiation wise one is the offering of the 
cuisine 60% - 65% continues to be the best of Mainland China now as you know that only 
35% of any menu in any restaurant actually is the main draw and that is how the offtake 
happens the rest of it is filler once in a while these items move so it took those 35% can 
(Inaudible-20.23) them and put them in the main menu and the rest was taken in from the 
inspiration of the say like you can have a Khow Suey, you can have a Thai Curry so what is 
happening is that something the brand got refreshed revitalized not just in the form of 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 8 of 23 
offering a food we also got the one of the best architect from the company called Super 
Potato we did not want to live on our internal laurels, we got this architect to actually do the 
master design for the first Mainland China Asia Kitchen, I wish you can visit there and see 
it in Oberoi mall in the third floor and we said that we will make it less formal and slightly 
more casual to ensure that there is less intimidation and it is not moved away from a super 
fine dining so we will not have a predictable hostess standing there, we will just have 
anybody there, people do not mind they wait to be seated today people are informal trend it 
is younger and the look and feel is a live kitchen and a smaller format in terms of the real 
estate also. So it is 2400 square feet what given us around 96 covers, the optimization of the 
space is more, it is more of a commissary based, we have opened a commissary in Bombay 
to cater to the basic butchery et cetera and the look and feel is completely different from a 
normal Mainland China, it is more of a casual kind of a feel wherein you can walk in 
anytime and the best part is there is an operational leverage that we keep this restaurant 
open specially in malls between the 3 o’clock shutting it down we do not shut it down we 
have a special menu which is running in between 3 to 7 which is combo meals which is nice 
cheep and cheerful combos and people actually are walking in a mall situation people are 
eating and moving in and out of it especially when you have footfall. So hence it is a 
completely it got the DNA of Mainland China but it is a differentiated model and I can tell 
you from that numbers and the kind of feedback that we have got through our comments 
card plus the Zomato that we are getting a tremendous level of boost here with 90 cover 
restaurant 90 – 91 cover restaurant we are making 2.5 times of turnaround and which is the 
very good churn for us which a Mainland China normally has not been able to do it 
obviously because of the economy and et cetera. So what we are doing is that now we are 
going to bring these items into mainland China and the going forward all formats in all 
formats in within the malls will be our Mainland China Asia Kitchen because it is become 
more variety based and whether it is a Palladium and Phoenix Mall or DLF hub or 16 other 
places that we are discussing on it is going to be Mainland China Asia kitchen and the 
existing Mainland China will have a new page there will be a different page from the walks 
of Asia we will introduce these and I think this is a very good brand refresh very reassuring 
for us that people now would like to actually get a new taste and a new direction in terms of 
the palate change. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right sir. So you would be introducing this menu in your existing Mainland China 
Restaurants as well. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes there will be one and a half pages of walks up from the walks of Asia main thing will 
be done and we are just ensuring that we do it slow and steady with the festival first we do a 
Asia Kitchen festival immediately put the same items in the menu. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 9 of 23 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir one more broader question is it not fair that in such a business environment where you 
are seeing a slowdown in footfalls rather to focus on improving footfalls of your existing 
restaurants rather than going for adding new restaurants because you have been consistently 
adding 15 restaurants per annum and I think that would be your run rate going ahead as well 
may be in FY’15 and 16, but in such an environment it is not fair to add 8 to 10 restaurants 
and focus on improving the prospects of your existing restaurants. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Let me tell you one thing both the jobs are very important for a strategic call, very simple 
business call, one we are surely trying to improve the existing one there is no doubt about 
that for example in the existing months we have introduced larger regular portions which 
have given us a tremendous level of boost people are ordering more regular which is 
cheaper and cheerful for them and smaller portion. Secondly hypothetically look at our 
balance sheet which has been mandated to open restaurants and we have a debt free balance 
sheet coming in and while we know that the existing environment was not the best but we 
knew that today, tomorrow and the day after we have seen 21, 22 years have taught us that 
there are cyclicality which come in the economy and when the upswing comes in at that 
point of time it is a very difficult business we cannot scale up overnight it is not opening 
like a fast-food counter, it is fine dining chain so when you want to do that you would not 
have these are will you have the real estate because real estate will dictate terms nor will 
you have the opportunity and the staff recruitment will also change for you the training 
staff. So it is good for us to ensure that we consolidate and get more and more good 
locations obviously very well which is falling within the metric and now as I said earlier 
ache din aa rahe hai or aa gaye hain I am quite confident of the fact I am not there is a 
mandate in the government of India that this is the economy which is going to be the focus 
development so in this environment and we have seen the best of environment if you see 
that throughout our history we have looked at EBITDA which are around 32% - 33% earlier 
that may be exaggerated to a level because that particular point of time we have less number 
of stores now we have more number of stores so realistically I understand that but this is the 
business call we had to take and I think we have taken everyone all investors along with this 
to say that we are doing calculated number of expansion not for the heck of it not to prove it 
to me, myself or investors that we are opening a new store just imagine that revenue going 
up by 5% completely balance sheet changes and obviously the costs are being controlled as 
I said earlier we are not going to be import dependent very soon we are ensuring that the 
intelligence of ensuring that the cuts in fact for example if you are a non-vegetarian I can 
speak a little more about the butchery, butchery we were using all breast of chicken from 
there we found that the breast of chicken is not necessarily which is costly we have gone to 
the leg and we have gone to the wings and which is nobody is affected with that but we 
have been able to save a lot of cost so all these initiatives have been taken over a period of 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 10 of 23 
time to ensure both the things are balanced together and we do not get carried away at any 
given point of time. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir one more thing I just wanted to know how much is your imported raw material of your 
overall raw material cost how much it would be. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
30% to 40% is imported; soon within next six months we are going to reduce that to 
maximum of around 15% to 20%. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Okay and this commissary which you are talking about in Mumbai when you set up that 
commissary? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
The commissary was set up. We already moved out to Kurla and we did one experiment to 
do a small one we did not want to invest too much we saw that operation working very well 
with air conditioned van going in and this is just next to that we have already spoken to the 
real estate owner that we will take the larger space we have just taken it up investing some 
good money on that and there will be a trade shift you will have less number of people 
working there plus the real estate cost saved and next three months maximum we will have 
a fully operation commissary in Bombay in Calcutta we already have because in our 
training school which has been used as a commissary. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Even the new commissary should also help you and in terms of operating leverage. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Of course. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And just booking questions I just to what was your cover turnaround for Mainland China 
and Oh! Calcutta for this quarter? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
This quarter it remained at 1.46 for Mainland China and 1 for  Oh! Calcutta. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And the number of restaurants addition would be 15 for FY 2015. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
In and around we would be touching that number it could be in the range of 12 to 14 or 15. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
But Mainland China would be maybe that the run rate would remain at around 7 to 8 per 
annum. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes whatever we have been doing historically. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Bhatia from Dalal & Broacha. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Hi sir most of my questions are answered actually just in continuation on Kaustubh’s 
question so one was on as you mentioned about Asia Kitchen so I just wanted to know how 
are the margins different there are those higher as compared to our normal Mainland China 
and approximately how high they would be? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
See margins have not necessarily changed, but what has changed is the number of people 
who are coming in there so the footfalls have gone up because of the fact that it is an all day 
dining, we just got the operational leverage from there plus it is more of a I wish I could 
show it to you it is more of a less intimidating fine dining place where you eat quickly come 
in and so the cover churn is more so our whole operational leverage is coming from there 
and the number for us. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
So your churn there was you have mentioned 2.5 times and what is the actual ticket size? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
We are looking at around 550 or so. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
And just one or two additional questions sir how much was the average ticket size for 
Mainland China in the current quarter? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
It is 655. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
And for others sir? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Others let’s say in case of Oh! Calcutta it remained at 850. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Sir you did mention at this time your imported raw material was 30% to 40% of the overall 
raw material cost so how was that in the last year. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Trend has not changed now only it is going to change. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is form the line of Arjun Ashar from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Arjun Ashar: 
What percentage of your customers as and those who actually pay the bill would be below 
the age of 27 to 28 years? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
At the moment I think we could give a guess estimate so rough 30% to 35%. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Arjun Ashar: 
And secondly in terms of your formats do not you think in your portfolio we are missing a 
very informal pub like format which is not as formal as the likes of Mainland China because 
there are restaurants chain I do not know if you are aware but pub chains like Jughead’s and 
Pop Tate’s which are even reasonably full at 4 o’clock on a Saturday afternoon so are we 
exploring any formats of such as those? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, you hit the nail because I do not know if you have tracked it properly that there are two 
formats that we have given birth to, one is the Café Mezzuna which is already in Pune and 
Kolkata clocking very good numbers and exactly on the similar format but not as I would 
not say that it is a gourmet place but at the same time humble belief is that low price is not 
equal to low quality so what we have done is that we have had great quality at a very nice 
price so that the number of covers there are going to 400–415 Calcutta stores and in Pune 
also it is going to 300 so it is a all-day dining and secondly there is another one call 
Hoppipolla which is basically absolutely 18 to 24 brand wherein you only have youngsters 
and it is more alcohol driven and less food so both these brands have taken of; Hoppipolla 
is in Bangalore and one in Pune and Calcutta and we are opening three four more of them 
and we have a separate young team which were born after the 90’s post 90’s team who is 
managing them because at our age we do not understand that business so we have taken 
kids who are managing these two brands very nicely successfully and you should hear and 
keep a watch on these numbers and I think you will get very good surprises going forward. 
Arjun Ashar: 
How many more such outlets we are planning to roll out in for Café Mezzuna and the other 
one which you just mentioned. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Café Mezzuna will be six of them going forward and maybe depends on the real estate that 
we want because you need basically malls on high street but surely Hoppipolla we have 
already tied up there are existing assets which are lying within the company so we want to 
sweat the asset, for example our Mainland China has a 200 cover restaurant somewhere like 
for Andheri West so we are chopping one part of that and making a Hoppipolla out of that 
because there are two separate entrances, what we did in Indira Nagar as an experiment. 
same thing we did in Aundh, it was our own asset which was lying vacant, we chopped a 
little bit of mainland china, made a lovely place for them and similarly we have around 
within our own existing assets we have six or seven of them and going forward you should 
see a Hoppipolla in this year opening at least 5 to 6. 
Arjun Ashar: 
So say three years down the line what percentage of your revenue do you expect to come 
from these formats? 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Rajesh Mohta: 
It would be too early to work on that particular number because just two has got opened and 
what is happening like Mainland China which is the flagship brand continues to contribute 
60% of the revenues and these are certain added let’s say additions and fillers to improve 
upon and to get into the category like you all younger crowd and since the demography of 
the country itself is changing. 
Arjun Ashar: 
Right, because when in this election itself you made reference to the election they were like 
15% of the voters who are 18 to 21 years old when they hit the workforce and before they 
are burdened by their home loans EMI by the time they hit 30 they have a lot of disposable 
income which could be aptly spent at places like these. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I completely agree with you and I wish you, you could come over and see a Cafe Mezzuna 
and see a Mainland China Asia Kitchen and Hoppipolla which are vibrant young when I go 
there I feel very old. 
Arjun Ashar: 
Certainly I look forward to it. Secondly there was some news report recently which you 
denied regarding some acquisition so I just wanted to know your philosophy going ahead 
that you all are open to acquiring such new brands or all believe in generating your own 
formats and own brands. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I can only tell you that you see mindless acquisition of any brands is not required, one of 
the biggest strength in specialty restaurants with god’s grace all your support is that we are 
a home grown country which has been able to have a sustained growth and able to give a 
formidable brand like Mainland China over a period of 21 years in a high mortality rate. We 
are the only Indian DNA company, so we have the capacity to give births to brands, well 
thought-out brands, for example for a new Hoppipolla or a Mezzuna all of them are the 
examples so under no circumstance would we ever want to get into our space and even the 
global grill, Sigri global grill, Sigri which is becoming global grill now slowly, so these 
formats are home grown done by us worked hard so my question would be that taking an 
acquisition at that kind of thing, trust my word, there was a complete report coming out of 
nowhere, (Unclear-37.37) Economic Times but it was just one of those things so we have 
no philosophy to get into this because if we did not have the capacity of home grown brands 
being given birth and sustained we would not be where we are today. 
Arjun Ashar: 
Alright thanks for that and final question how is Sigri global grill as a format doing? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
If you live in Bombay you should track Powai, you should track Malad and Bangalore and 
Chennai OMR, OMR which is a god forsaken place, in spite of that we are doing a cover 
churn around 450 people, 460 people eat out of that. So it is one format which we are 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 14 of 23 
extremely bullish on Indians want to give a fixed meal but another thing I do not want to 
talk about the competitive brand which unfortunately due to their own weaknesses et cetera 
and we got inspired by a brand but we have completely changed the way we are looking at 
the whole thing and consistently over a period of one year in Powai we are seeing surge of 
covers and in fact even on a Monday to Tuesday we are unable to give space so we are 
extremely bullish,  and we are doing touch wood very, very well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from SAIF Partners. Please go 
ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hi, sir Sonal from SAIF Partners, just I have a quick question on how the table turns for 
Sigri Global Grill has actually changed over the last year or so, you mentioned the total 
covers but just if you could share the number for the table turn that will be useful? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Global grill let’s say Powai started last year for which we have 12 months number it started 
at let’s say 1.5 now which is plus 2 on an average throughout the year. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay got it and what is the plan for you to convert the remaining Machaan’s and the Sigri 
outlet, is it on track what is the timeline which we should expect the format to consolidate 
it. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Giving you a tangible example, Pune is rolling out, the Sigri has been already converted 
into global grill and starting off in next three days for trial, Calcutta Sigri next to the ITC 
Hotel Sonar is rolling out in next 15 to 20 days for trials so all of them are absolutely on 
track and there are six more which are being converted slowly and steadily we have started 
the project work, wherever we are getting a weak month like the monsoons are not very 
good a month for restaurant business especially in Bombay and others so wherever we get 
Machaan’s already been converted, there is another Machaan which is there in Mani  
Square which intends getting in during the monsoon, so it is absolutely on track. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, this has a portfolio as a different customers clientele a kind of palate for people so do 
you expect this to have a higher table turn than Mainland China restaurants there is a very 
short duration of data that you have but fundamentally this should have a table turn of 2 to 
2+. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, I will answer that. As you know the Indian mentality even there for fixed meal all 
inclusive people would love to go there and hog they do not need to look at the pocket so 16 
of them go and absolutely eat like there is no tomorrow. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 15 of 23 
Sonal Minhas: 
Exactly they skip lunch and they will have dinner. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
That is what I am saying. So this format cannot go wrong anywhere but look at the buffets 
that we do in Mainland China, if there was any scope that I could do which I cannot do it 
overnight I would change the whole dinner pattern to buffets so everybody wants a fixed 
meal at a fixed price and they love to come and sit there and then go across, but for the fact 
that obviously they will have more number of people coming in but I do not think that as 
Mainland China comes back as the economy improves you will see things happening and 
even both of them will match. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Hi sir could you give me an idea about how many of your stores are currently under the 
joint location format and how much is the difference between if you look at the operational 
profitability under the regular format and under the joint location format? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See as far as numbers are concerned we have 28 restaurants which are in combo basically 
where we have joint format. 
Manish Poddar: 
How much is the difference in the operating profitability if you look at between the 
standalone store and the joint location store? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
See there are certain economies on staff cost et cetera, it gets neutralized basically because 
what happens is it all depends upon the format and the location when there is a combination 
of the Chinese and the Indian cuisine. 
Manish Poddar: 
Could you just give me an idea like you are maintaining the run rate of your stores at 15 if 
you see the economy revising would you look at upping the guidance from let’s say from 15 
to about 20 to 25. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I will be very honest with you. This is a difficult business. It is not if I want to do 30 stores 
it needs huge logistics, it needs manpower, it needs trained manpower, brand standards will 
come down otherwise, so it is not very possible for us to overnight come across and do a 25 
scale it up which is actually not the best thing to do because over a period of time we have 
to ensure that the brand standards do not go down so we would not do any kind of crossing 
our limits, operations have to be there, there have to be vertical, there have to be people 
who are manning it and there have to be controls in place so we just do not want to do this 
mindless expansion and not being able to control so even if it means that it gets bullish fine 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 16 of 23 
fair enough so if we are doing around a run rate of around 12-13 we may up it by 10, 6 or 8 
more but we will surely not get carried away to do 25 stores. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay and these new stores would be in the existing cities or would you be looking to 
explore new cities? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
All stores are being done within the, wherever we have the metro focus we are doing more 
of them but for example Global Grill which is primarily an Indian format with a bit of it 
international tweak in that, there is no reason it cannot go to Indore, we are opening it in 
Indore. In fact we are opening one in going forward we will doing one in Jamshedpur 
because Chinese cuisine as it is, beyond a point, I cannot go to Ranchi, of course but I will 
not do the footfalls that I would do it in Bombay so it makes sense to concentrate on the 
four, five metros primarily where we have not saturated as yet. 
Manish Poddar: 
Just a broader question could you give me an idea like for the franchise model how many 
stores roughly would you be looking about let’s say it is about three years down the line? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
It is very opportunity driven, we are not looking on expanding our franchise model but yes 
in tier 2, 3 cities wherever we have some opportunities we might look at franchise but there 
is no grand plan per se to go on franchise route. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thanks again for giving me the opportunity. Sir can you just throw light on your 
international operations, what exactly the plans are and how are you looking the 
international operations from next two to three years point of view? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
See as you know that we already operate in Dhaka and we have now gone into Doha and we 
are starting up in next few months and going forward there is a discussion of a joint venture 
or maybe a master franchise in Dubai, now my only point would be that we were looking at 
an international and we are extremely bullish because we have a global brand, Mainland 
China is a global brand all our brand standards are international so we are looking at that 
opportunity but let me tell you one thing our concentration and our domination is in the 
Indian market and we want to continue and all the more this particular ache din we will not 
vacate the position of leadership and I think that the Indians have to only come out and eat a 
little more and my life becomes easier. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir any plans like how you have come out with the format of Mainland China Asia Kitchen 
where your operational hours, increasing the operational hours because normally it is like 
three, three, six to eight hours of your business but any plans to increase it further to around 
12 hours or 13 hours kind of thing? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
For example Café Mezzuna is a format where we start in the morning at 11 and we shut it at 
1 o’clock and that has already given us a direction and the Calcutta store and the Pune store 
shows us that there is a huge potential we have got it right, if you have somebody in 
Calcutta just call up and find out what is Café Mezzuna all about it has created history 
touch wood. We have got the formats right, we have got the master chef and we are now 
going to be replicating and trying to learn from these mistakes and breakfast to dinner is 
what we want to do going forward similarly in Hoppipolla which is exactly an all-day long 
especially during the day we see a nice package which we are giving to people, people may 
or may not want to drink excepting the weekend but surely people are coming to eat we 
have a DNA of good food we are a gourmet company, we cannot give bad food so we 
continue to open, so these two formats have already given us a direction and the global grill 
which anyway people eat till 4 o’clock so 4, 4:30 we close and then at 6.30 there is a queue 
for the kitchen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhautik Shah from Span Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhautik Shah: 
Good afternoon actually I had a couple of questions you have around 100 odd restaurants 
today so what is your plan let’s say three, to five years down the line how many restaurants 
are chains you plan to have do you have any three to five years plan? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Anjan Mentioned we are looking at expansion of 15 restaurants maximum in a year so if 
you look at the next three years plan we would add another 40 to 50 restaurants of which 
let’s say for instance in that case what will happen is see today whatever numbers we have 
on Mainland China we would have 100 Mainland China’s in let’s say three to four years 
time. 
Bhautik Shah: 
And you have so many brands 10 to 12 brands of restaurants which is your key or key focus 
area because too many brands managing those 12 brands would also be very difficult right. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I would explain this to you, see what you see there, there may be a shack or a kicks bar or 
you may see a small here and there but the major focus continues to be on Mainland China 
which is our flagship brand supported by the Sigri Global Grill which is an Indian format 
and we cannot go wrong, we do not want to experiment in anything else excepting the all 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 18 of 23 
day dining which we have done for Café Mezzuna and the Hoppipolla because we were not 
in the space of 18 to 24 and let me tell you with reassurance that both these formats with 
god’s grace have given us a tremendous level of trigger and boost that we have 
experimented and we have been able to succeed so hence the rest of the thing which you see 
Oh! Calcutta is a very niche brand excepting in Delhi that we have expanded in one place 
we have already shutdown our Pune restaurant we maybe shutting down another restaurant 
very soon so there is no way that we will, it is a niche cuisine it is one of the prestigious 
brands of ours, we are very proud of it is got the Asia’s Top 50 Restaurant award but we 
will not expand that because it is a niche cuisine so it is between everything you will see 
going forward is between Mainland China and Sigri Global Grill coming across with 
Mezzuna and Hoppipolla supporting it. 
Bhautik Shah: 
And typically in your kind of business what kind of asset turnover ratio should I see 
because you have a gross block of around 150 Crores so what kind of revenue is possible on 
this I know you can also venture into franchise model and all but let’s assume on your own 
restaurant what kind of asset turnover ratio can we see? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Since it has been two times we look forward for the same. 
Bhautik Shah: 
Sorry. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
We look forward for the same numbers. 
Bhautik Shah: 
So you are saying on the existing restaurant the revenue cannot go higher from here, 
because you are already at two times. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Yes what happens is primarily because of the stability of a restaurant like say earlier 
question there was like three hours lunch and three hours dinner we do not have the 
flexibility of running all through constraints on increasing that volume so that is the only 
reason why after stability it continues at the same levels. 
Bhautik Shah: 
And just to understand in terms of margins what are some of your older restaurants doing 
are those doing a 20% - 25% plus margin some of your older restaurants which have been 
open two to three years. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Yes, the older restaurants are very steady basically because what happens is like say I said 
about the plateau conditions of revenues, it continues on the same levels, we do not find a 
major drop, but yes when the headwinds have been there, there were plus and minuses but 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 19 of 23 
overall it is stable and now since everybody has been saying ache din aa gaye hain, it is 
bound to improve. 
Bhautik Shah: 
So just on a lighter banter, ache number cub aayengay? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
 Aapke mooh mein ghee shakkar, vodka shakkar, ab isi ka intazar hai, we are waiting for 
this, if you have fait, insha allah everything should go in because we just need a 3%, 4% 
revenue growing and the whole balance sheet changes. I am telling you I am extremely 
happy that we have been able to capture a large size of the market when things were down, 
rest of India rest of the restaurants were not expanding but we did the right thing and I am 
not a (Unclear-52.51) I cannot tell you what will happen in the present and future but with 
the government coming in everything happening it can only go up, it cannot go down. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question is from the line of Kunal Bhatia from Dalal & 
Broacha Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Sir I just you could give some sense on how was the same store like the same restaurant 
growth in Q4 and the full year. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Q4 was down. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
By how much percentage? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
It would tantamount to around 4.4% and specially what happens is since February month 
you have lesser number of days and in any which way there was headwind and there was a 
pressure on margins and since the price and specially what happens is that this is fourth 
quarter which is generally out of the four is one of the bad. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Yes, and how much for the full year? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Full year if you look at it is almost like flat kind of a scenario. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Sir and any price increase we intent to take in the next quarter? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I can only tell you what is happening is that to us it is a very serious call whether do we 
retain our footfalls are try to increase them or make it more intimidating and difficult for the 
customer to come in. I think we have passed the worst. The worst has gone by. There can be 
only good things happening and everybody is ready to give you a 5%, 7% increase and 
people absorb that over a period of time so I think that I cannot tell you a specific timeline 
but the earliest possible opportunity we have we will surely do that. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 20 of 23 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Okay sir and one last question was how is the home delivery business going on currently? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I must tell you that that is one thing we started the endeavor and we have been very, very, 
very happy about this and to the extent that today we have got a special software app 
coming in very soon and a whole business of what is happening is that there are mom and 
pop stores, there are neighborhood stores giving Chinese food at a cheap and cheerful rate 
we obviously cannot go to that level but then we have taken step that we do not charge any 
service charge on the delivery. We are giving them a calculated reduction coupon so 
starting from a Rs.2000 to Rs.5000 people can get at least minimum of 15% to 25% to 28% 
so these are reduction coupons rather than giving them discounts so they come back to the 
restaurant and spend that money so that has been working very well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhruv Changoiwala from Diligent 
Corporation. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
Anjan I just wanted some clarity, you said that 30% to 40% of imports were come down to 
15% to 20% so what kind of impact will it have on your operational cost in terms of 
whether the cost savings will then be given out as savings for the customers or you will 
look into putting it into your margins? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
See I will not go on record to say that how much percentage would it be because we are still 
in the process of experimentation one thing we do not want to do at any cost the brand 
standard should not go down. See we have never compromised on our quality we are a 
quality company so that is why we are sustaining over a period of time, the delivery and the 
offer has to be consistent. So just in the process of being done we would not like to 
comment a specific number but surely as we go in and we will be able to know it in the next 
quarter exactly how what is the component we have been able to bring down and tell you 
the specific number. 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
And on the Asia kitchen part so going forward the focus largely would be on launching 
more of Asia kitchens and also adding value to the Mainland China offering is like you said 
page and a half for the new offerings. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes of course I will tell you why, see it is a brand refresh and it a successful brand refresh 
see even Unilever to any company P&G they launched 10 brands out of that only two 
brands work. I am extremely thankful to god and my team and investor support that they 
have allowed us to take these quantum leads and experimenting and going to the untraveled 
horizon where out of the four brands I must tell you with a lot of pride without being 
arrogant touch wood, there were two things, don’t expand, sit tight, have lots of money in 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 21 of 23 
the treasury and look for the economy to change, do nothing. W said no here is an 
opportunity let’s track the areas we have never gone in Hoppipolla 18 to 24 touch wood 
both of them are exceptionally good EBITDA margins. Second is the Mezzuna all day 
dining see what we did is if we wanted to get out of this three hour, three hour kind of a trap 
so what we did was Asia kitchen is one example where we got the operational level where 
does this come from it can only come from the operational leverage that we can take by 
increasing the number of hours and keep the store open because rest of the cost is fixed and 
same with Global Grill. So all four brands of ours if you track the numbers you will 
understand that they are all touch wood again are already on track in an economy which is 
very bad, just imagine as we open more of them four Sigri are being changed in next quarter 
within this quarter and everything is planned,  very well rehearsed plan and fortunately we 
do not need to change everything in a Sigri because Sigri is a Sigri we are making changes 
in terms of the format of the furniture fixture and the kind of chimneys et cetera coming in 
we have a project team each of them working very, very diligently and we have a as I told 
you that we have got our team which is 90 plus born for this 18 to 24 space which is the 
bunch of very young dynamic boys and girls who are tracking the Hoppipolla and the 
Mezzuna kind of a space so I am saying that all of this is actually very, very encouraging 
for us and we are very happy that the economy is turning towards betterment and the any 
increase of 3% to 4% of our topline will change our balance sheet. 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
And the setup cost for our Mainland China as the Mainland China Asia kitchen are they 
more or less the same? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes more or less the same. 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
It is like 2.5 Crores. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes in and around. 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
And on the Machaan and Sigri do we see these brands kind of getting sidelined or moved 
out of the bouquet? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Machaan anyway has to be going out of the bouquet for sure, what we are doing is that 
Sigri is becoming Sigri Global Grill Powai, if you see the Malad, Chennai and the 
Bangalore and the new ones everything is Sigri the crown is Sigri and then we have a global 
grill we have just expanded the horizon of Sigri. 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
And on Dubai you said that you are exploring a JV or you already discussed it. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
We are discussing. 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
Okay by first quarter, second quarter I mean it was in the next couple of quarters can we 
have that… 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Insha Allah again Dubai’s language I think we would be able to, we have been very serious, 
see what we did not do is that we did not want to get tied up with the wrong partner and a 
short-term person, we wanted to get a right kind of DNA who is already in the space 
fortunately one of them is in the space they have a huge commissary, see it is not just taking 
money and giving somebody master franchise or doing a joint venture, the people we are 
dealing with should have the similar kind of long-term thinking, they should have a 
qualitative understanding and keeping the brand standard in the long-term so getting that 
kind of a DNA takes time I think we have been able to shortlist someone, in fact as of 
yesterday we had a morning meeting breakfast meeting so everything goes well Insha 
Allah, we will be able to next quarter or so we can give you a good news. 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
And since you have a commissary in Kurla you think there is a possibility of a QSR kind of 
a model that can take shift. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Let me tell you one thing there could be a possibility of course but we worked 18 – 19 
hours I should tell you, so as you know we are inspired by the Honorable Prime Minister Of 
India who sleeps only four hours so there is a passion here so I think we are all getting 
inspired, a corporation can only give birth to an opportunity which is given within the given 
time I wish there were 36 hours or 48 hours in a day so I do not want to get myself going 
into a level and I can only say this to you humne aaj tak koi bade chaal nahi kidney hai, 
karengay zaroor, bade chaal nahi karengey, kuch karengay tho soch samaj ke karengay, we 
would like to strengthen the space which we have 
Dhruv Changoiwala: 
Any fundraising plans that you have in mind? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Filhaal Balance sheet bari hui hai. Koi zaroorath padi tho aapko phone karengay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Ialpha 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sir just a small request if we can two three page are just disseminate key parameters like 
same store sales growth, price increase contribution on a quarterly basis before the con call 
make call much more meaningful and add value to. 

 
                        Speciality Restaurants Limited 
May 29, 2014 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I think that is a very good suggestion and I think we will definitely take it up and then it will 
be easier for all of us to be on the same page. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Absolutely sir a small request. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Thanks for the suggestion. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Thanks bye! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I would now like to hand 
over the call back to the management for their closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Ladies and gentlemen it was a pleasure talking to you all and we thank you on behalf of the 
management and look forward to your support in the quarters to come. Thank you so very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you all. On behalf of Kotak Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
