 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
1 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Q4 & FY 2014 Conference Call  
May 05, 2014 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and Gentlemen good day and welcome to the Godrej Properties Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the listen 
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference please 
signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop 
Poojari of CDR India. Thank you and over to you. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Properties’ Q4 FY2014 results conference call. We have with us Mr. Pirojsha 
Godrej, Managing Director & CEO; Mr. KT Jithendran, Executive Director; Mr. V. 
Srinivasan, Executive Director; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, CFO of the Company. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management following which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Before we begin this call I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today’s call may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the conference call invite e-mailed to you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Pirojsha Godrej to make his opening remarks.  
Pirojsha Godrej 
Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties Q4 
FY2014 Conference call. I will begin by discussing the highlights of the fourth 
quarter and we then look forward to taking your questions and suggestions. 
In terms of the operational performance, I am happy to note that GPL in Q4 FY14 
registered its highest ever quarterly sales and for the first time crossed Rs. 1,000 
crore of sales in a single quarter. The total value of sales in the fourth quarter stood 
at Rs. 1,066 crore which represents a 77% year-on-year increase and a 150% 
quarter-on-quarter increase. 
The response to our new project launches in Mumbai and Bangalore has been 
excellent. At Godrej Central in Chembur here in Mumbai, we were able to sell 200 
apartments from the day we launched the project and in total we sold over 370,000 
square feet with a booking value of Rs. 534 crore in the quarter at a time when the 
Mumbai real estate market has been quite challenging. We successfully launched 
Godrej United at Whitefield in Bangalore within 12 months of the project being 
added to our portfolio and sold over 200,000 square feet of space in Q4 despite the 
project being launched towards the end of the quarter. 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
2 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We also saw good momentum in our new phase in Godrej E-City in Bangalore, 
where we were able to sell over 80,000 square feet in Q4. Our sales numbers for 
the quarter could have been even higher, but we decided to terminate the bookings 
of over 100,000 square feet of space where customer payments were inordinately 
delayed. These were mostly in our project Godrej Prakriti in Kolkata.  
Despite a very good quarter for residential sales the biggest accomplishment from 
a sales perspective was in our commercial project Godrej Waterside where we sold 
more than 400,000 square feet of space. Given that sales in this project has been 
quite challenging and that the commercial market in Kolkata remains weak, we are 
very happy with this outcome. With some additional sales in the current quarter, we 
have now completely sold all the space at Godrej Waterside and have completed 
the project. Although our overall profit and profitability for the quarter was impacted 
as we took a practical decision on pricing at Godrej Waterside, we are happy to 
monetize the project and unlock capital, which we can deploy more productively in 
the new residential projects. We remain very focused on monetizing our two other 
old commercial projects, Godrej Genesis in Kolkata and Godrej Eternia in 
Chandigarh.  
During the fourth quarter, we also totally completed the sales at our commercial 
project Godrej One in Vikhroli and we look forward to completing the construction 
of that project in the coming months and to launching the residential phase of that 
development thereafter. 
Our important commercial project Godrej BKC continues to progress well. We sold 
a little under Rs. 50 crore worth of space at Godrej BKC in Q4 and have now sold 
Rs. 637 crore worth of space in value terms and over 250,000 square feet in area 
terms since that project was launched about a year ago. Especially given the fact 
that the project is at an initial stage of construction and the market has been 
subdued, we are pleased to see the response the project has received. We remain 
extremely focused on unlocking the investments we have made into this project. 
While we have had a strong sales performance for the quarter, we have continued 
to face setbacks on the regulatory approval front due to which many of our planned 
launches in the last financial year were delayed. The multiple changes to the rules 
especially here in Mumbai was the main culprit for these delays. This is extremely 
frustrating, especially given the fact that the projects we are launching are 
consistently doing well. While it isn’t possible to bring total predictability to launch 
timing given the uncertainty inherent to the approval process, we have made every 
effort to improve our own internal capabilities and are starting to see improved 
results. In Bangalore we launched Godrej United within the same financial year as 
we entered the project and in Gurgaon last weekend we have launched our project 
Godrej Oasis within nine months of signing the development agreement. 
We understand that expediting the time to launch is probably the single most 
important thing we can do to accelerate our growth and we are very focused on 
ensuring continuous improvement in this regard. FY15 is going to be an important 
year for us in terms of the new project launches. Fortunately we have started on a 
positive note with launches in both Gurgaon and Pune happening in April. We look 
forward to sustaining this momentum in the months ahead.  
From a business development perspective, we have had very strong results for the 
last several years and ended the year on a very strong note by adding four new 
projects in four separate cities. Our new projects added were in Mumbai, Pune, 
Chennai, and Bangalore. All of these projects were in either the profit sharing 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
3 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
model or the development management fee model which remain our preferred 
strategy. Cumulatively these projects added nearly 10 million square feet of 
residential area to our development portfolio. The Bangalore project in particular is 
the most important new project of the financial year. At 100 acres, this would be 
GPL’s third township project after Ahmedabad and Panvel and has the potential to 
be a huge value creator for the Company. 
Another positive operating highlight for the quarter has been the inauguration of the 
Global Indian International School at Godrej Garden City, Ahmedabad. We are 
confident that the project will do well in the years to come as we continue to 
demonstrate substantial progress in the delivery of the launched phases and in 
infrastructure development. 
I would also like to briefly comment on an announcement we made regarding the 
merger of some of our subsidiary companies into GPL. As you may be aware in the 
past few quarters, we have given exits to private equity partners in three of our 
projects in Kolkata, Chandigarh and Chennai thereby making the companies 
developing these projects 100% subsidiaries of Godrej Properties. Since these 
became wholly owned subsidiaries, it was best to amalgamate these companies 
into Godrej Properties in order to allow us greater operational efficiency, flexibility 
in unlocking the capital from these projects, a simplified structure and other fiscal 
benefits. Accordingly, as per the applicable accounting standard and as sanctioned 
by the Bombay High Court, on a consolidated basis an amount of Rs. 397 crore 
has been adjusted from the general reserves. We expect this will improve our 
ability to expedite the monetization of these projects. 
I am happy that we have ended a tough year both for the Indian economy and the 
real estate sector on a strong note. In terms of financial performance, our total 
income for the fourth quarter increased by 39% on a year-on-year basis to Rs. 436 
crore and net profit for the quarter was down 9% to Rs. 48 crore. The decline in 
margins was entirely due to the large amount of space we sold at Godrej 
Waterside. On a quarter-on-quarter basis our total income increased 72% and our 
net profit increased 29%. For the full year, our total income has increased by 20% 
to Rs. 1,254 crore; EBITDA increased by 21% to Rs. 358 crore and net profit has 
increased by 15% to Rs. 159 crore. 
Our performance for the year underlined the effectiveness of our resilient and 
differentiated business model. An improved business development strategy with 
the introduction of attractive capital efficient structures like the DM Fee model, 
profit sharing model, redevelopment, and our residential platform will show marked 
improvements in the financial performance of the Company. We also believe the 
operating cash-flow performance of the Company will substantially improve as we 
begin to launch many of the new projects we have been adding to our portfolio. We 
are not only well positioned to cope with the current challenges facing this sector 
but are set to deliver significant performance upside in the coming years. 
On that note I conclude my remarks and would like to thank you all for joining us on 
the conference call. We now will be happy to discuss any questions, comments or 
suggestions you may have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Aashiesh Agarwaal from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
4 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
I had a couple of questions. I understand that we have Godrej Nandi Hills as one of 
the subsidiaries that was merged and second was Godrej Sea View which was 
holding Palm Grove, Chennai project. Would that be correct? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
Godrej Nandi Hills, I was looking from the annual report that we were having about 
62.35% share in the project as on FY13? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
Godrej Nandi Hills was 100% subsidiary of Godrej Properties Limited. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
And which asset would this be holding? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
It was holding Godrej Woodsman Estate. It was a company which we bought over 
from HDFC some three years back. We bought over their stake, so that company 
came along with the stake. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
Palm Grove was the second asset that was merged. Now the question is the Rs. 
400 crore of write down. I understand that about Rs. 200 crore would be on 
account of goodwill. But then how the balance of Rs. 200 crore has been 
allocated?  
Rajendra Khetawat 
So basically we have fair valued the asset. When we do a merger we have done a 
fair valuation of assets, so inter-company loans and investment were fair valued to 
the current market price. These were Chandigarh assets, Godrej Genesis & 
Kolkata asset. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
Could you help us break it down in to how much of the depletion would have been 
accounted for by which asset? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
Aashiesh, I do not have that breakup right now I can give it to you offline. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
My second question is with respect to the cash flows. Obviously we have seen 
some debt increase in the quarter. So first, in this regard I mean how much cash 
you would have received from the sale of Waterside during the quarter? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We received about Rs. 45 crore within the quarter. The sales were largely done in 
the last couple of weeks of the quarter, so we expect to receive the bulk of the cash 
in this quarter. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
So Rs. 45 crore we would have received plus we have seen substantial increase in 
debt, plus we would have also had some operating cash flows during the quarter. 
So could you help us with the debt increase during the quarter? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We had obviously added several new projects to the Company’s portfolio during 
the quarter. We added 4 new projects and we also had milestone linked advances 
on some of our previous projects. So I think the total was a little over Rs. 50 crore. 
We had our Vikhroli land payment which is about Rs. 30 crore. One of the major 
cash flow items for the quarter was on our Sahakar Nagar 2 redevelopment project 
where we had some payments to MHADA of about Rs. 70 crore. We had other 
payments like advance tax of about Rs. 40 crore.  

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
5 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you add all of that to our operating cash flow, if you just look at sales and 
construction, it is certainly positive. But I think what I would like to highlight is that 
given the fact that we have added 8 new projects this financial year, 8 the previous 
year, 10 the year before, a lot of these projects are still at a stage where they 
require investments to get them to the launch stage. So I think we are in a slightly 
unusual position, which we think is quite a positive thing, of having a very large 
number of projects that are nearing the launch stage. While the projects have been 
added in a very capital efficient manner, they still do require some amount of 
capital to be put into them. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
So if you could help us understand from the point of view of operations say broadly 
how much cash you would have collected as an aggregate during the quarter and 
how much we would have spent on construction. That would be very helpful to 
understand how the quarter has moved largely? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
See I do not think we would like to get into those details. But certainly what we can 
say is you take out all of these things that I just mentioned, the cash flow, if you 
look at operations, sort of construction versus sales, it is certainly a very positive 
number. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
And do you have any timeline by which quarter we would anticipate the net debt to 
start declining? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I do not think we would like to give any particular guidance on that. It is related 
to approval timelines and things which cannot be fully predicted. It is also related to 
monetization of commercial projects, payments for the BKC FSI and so on. So I do 
not think we would like to put a specific quarter to it. If you look at our operations, 
then you should look at the kind of actions we are taking both on the business 
development front and the types of structures we are getting into for new projects. 
We are attempting to launch these projects very quickly, making sure we are 
selling good inventories that are launched, and exiting some of our past 
unsuccessful projects. I think all of it clearly is geared to quickly improving the 
operating cash flow performance of the Company. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
Is there any thought to hold on to a pace of project addition because our debt has 
been rising in a concerning manner at least from our perspective. So would you be 
thinking that you will hold on to adding new projects for the time being and focus on 
execution? You have added about 25 projects in the last three years. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I do not think it is either/or. We are very focused on doing both. Certainly, what I 
can say is that the amount of new projects as a percentage of our overall 
operations is bound to decrease. As I said, the number of projects we have already 
added has led to a much higher base than we had three years ago. Almost every 
single project we have added recently on the residential side continues to be a 
project we are quite happy with. It is important to also understand that we are not 
putting in huge amounts of capital to secure these projects. They are projects that 
are in structures where the positive cash flows are only a matter of time. So I do 
not think it’s a question of whether we would like to totally stop business 
development. Certainly that is not our intent. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
And the cash reserve that you are holding of about Rs. 800 crore despite the debt 
would largely be to fund projects? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
6 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think that will be deployed very soon through a combination of some of these new 
projects but also of course in paying down debt soon. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
And finally if you could spend a minute or so on the new project that you have 
added and announced today? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, so this is a new project in Gurgaon in Sector 79. It is about 1.6 million square 
feet. This is a project through our residential co-investment platform, the third 
project for that platform after Okhla project and Sahakar Nagar 2 redevelopment 
project. This is a project that we think will do well. We just launched our previous 
project in Gurgaon last weekend which has met a good response despite very 
tough market conditions. So we are quite optimistic about this project. And with a 
little luck, hopefully we can even launch this project in this financial year. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
What would be the share of the platform in this project? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
65%. 
Aashiesh Agarwaal 
65% and 35% would be land owner? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Anand Agarwal from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Anand Agarwal 
Your net debt-to-equity is now 0.95. I remember last quarter you had mentioned 
you would like to keep it below 1, although not a hard and fast rule. The last time 
around your debt-to-equity was 1.1, we did the rights issue to bring the debt level 
down. So one, up to what level of debt-to-equity we are comfortable and if not I 
mean when we will have to look at again raising more equity? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think that is correct, we have always of course since the IPO said that our comfort 
level for gearing is anywhere between 1 to 1.5:1. I had mentioned that we thought 
we could keep it roughly within the range given the rights issue. Given some of 
these write off it might temporarily go above that depending on cash flows. But 
certainly I do not think we feel our current net debt situation or gearing situation is 
at all uncomfortable. As we had said at the time of the rights issue we do not 
anticipate any near term fund raising at all. So I certainly do not expect any kind of 
entity level fund raising in this financial year. 
Anand Agarwal 
Secondly, on the margins. Other operating income which is basically the DM fees 
has grown appreciably. If I exclude that and if I also exclude the Waterside project I 
mean the margin still seems to be very low on the residual projects. So have you 
taken any particular cost escalation during this quarter or is it the effect of the 
Prakriti cancellation on the margins? What is the reason? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No Anand, I think it is quite hard to compute the exact margins based on your 
impression, since each project is a little bit different. Godrej Waterside actually had 
a loss during the quarter. Certainly we are not seeing any margin pressure on any 
of the new projects. We have quite freely said that margin profile of our older 
projects, many of which are still in revenue recognition, is not where we would 
ideally like to have it but in all the new projects we are quite satisfied with the 
margin levels. 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
7 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anand Agarwal 
Thirdly, on the Panvel project. What is the thought process in terms of the pace of 
sales we want to achieve in this project? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, so this is the project we hope to launch in this quarter. I think by the way we 
have had some questions that I might as well clarify. The project has not been 
launched yet, we have started our pre-marketing activities in terms of getting 
interest from customers. Customers have responded very strongly, many have 
wanted to block apartments. Our thinking is that we are going to launch the first 
phase of about 600,000 square feet or so very shortly and then we will look at the 
second phase of the launch. The FSI in the project is still not totally clarified, which 
is a little bit of an issue because we are not sure whether to consider this project as 
basically a 5 million square feet project or 10 million square feet plus project where 
obviously the pace of sales will be slightly different. But I certainly think our goal will 
be to launch two phases of this project this financial year. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC Bank. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurabh Jain 
Just wanted to have an enquiry about Godrej United project. This project was not in 
the launch plan for FY14, right? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is right. 
Saurabh Jain 
So we launched it in the previous quarter and how was the sales response to this 
project? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
It is nice along with all the bad news we give you on project launches getting 
delayed, to once-a-while be able to have some positive news. So this was a project 
which we thought we would be able to launch it in this financial year but we were 
able to secure the approvals so we were able to launch it towards the end of last 
quarter. The response has been very positive and as we have indicated we sold 
about 220,000 square feet of space. This was all in March. The project was 
launched right at the beginning of March. So I think it is a very credible response 
that the project has received. And I think generally speaking, we are very happy 
with the response all our residential projects are receiving and the focus is on 
making sure we can launch as many of them as possible. 
Saurabh Jain 
So why we are not planning any subsequent phase launches in FY15 for the same 
project United? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Well, we still have quite a bit of inventory in the current phase. So the current 
phase is a little under 5 lakh square feet I believe. And so obviously we still have a 
fair amount of inventory to go there. But actually, if you look at our presentation, 
you will see that while it is not one of our guided projects that we will launch, it is a 
project that we have mentioned we hope to achieve the launch towards the end of 
the year or in early next year. 
Saurabh Jain 
And similarly I think Hyderabad and the Ghatkopar projects we are not planning 
any launches in FY15? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think on Hyderabad, the issue is, frankly, we have mentioned that we have been 
planning to launch it since the last two years. The approvals there have been a bit 
slower. Actually, a lot of progress has happened in the last six months, we have put 
it as a project we would like to launch but not officially guiding until we get better 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
8 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
clarity. So again that project like Godrej United is mentioned as one of the projects 
we hope to launch. Our Ghatkopar project again is one actually where we had the 
IOD for the project. Some of these new rule changes in Mumbai around open 
space and podiums on open ground and so on have set that project back a bit. So 
we are awaiting some clarity on these new rules, which we hope will come about, 
and make it clearer how to proceed. But with these new changes that have come 
about which we think are going to again get changed, there is a challenge in that 
project, which is why we have not put that as one of the project. But certainly, if 
those rule changes get corrected, which we expect they will, that will certainly be a 
project we will look to launch. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Puneet Jain from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Puneet Jain 
What are the pros and cons of routing it directly through balance sheet and not 
through profit and loss account? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I think this is as per the accounting standard and how the amalgamation has 
been advised. So I think the pros and cons, I will leave it to Rajendra to discuss 
offline. But essentially having a subsidiary, particularly one where there are losses 
is clearly inefficient from a tax perspective. Obviously having subsidiaries that are 
wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company do not make sense. 
Puneet Jain 
So are there any more subsidiaries which can come up or mostly it is done in terms 
of amalgamation? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
See Puneet, we have lot of subsidiaries where we do develop projects and we 
have a lot of partners. So once these partners have exited or once the project gets 
over, it is a natural process to amalgamate the subsidiaries because holding on to  
so many subsidiaries creates lots of administrative hassle. So going forward once 
the project gets over we may look at consolidating the subsidiary. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
But I think in terms of the write off, Godrej Waterside, Godrej Genesis and Godrej 
Eternia are only three projects in the portfolio where we expect possible losses in 
the projects and therefore these kind of write off. 
Puneet Jain 
So the project which you have announced in Gurgaon today so it has been 
purchased outright? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, it is a revenue sharing project. The platform is both open to outright purchases 
as well as high advance revenue sharing project. 
Puneet Jain 
So would you like to share that at what price the land could be bought or that is still 
under negotiation? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
This is a revenue sharing partnership it is not an outright purchase. 
Puneet Jain 
But then if it is not an outright purchase then what will be the need for a capital 
infusion in this project? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, so as I said we are looking at the platform both for outright purchases or when 
the project requires a high advance. If we have say Rs. 100 crore plus advances in 
a project where we do not want to do that directly, we are then looking at the 
platform to step in. So for example, this project which is on a milestone linked 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
9 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
basis, has an advance of Rs. 150 crore which is not something we would like to do 
directly, but of course, the returns we can generate are very good as well. 
Puneet Jain 
And then in that case you will have a joint development agreement with the 
platform? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
No, under the platform we will develop this project jointly whereby APG will hold 
75% and we will hold 25%. This platform will have a JV with the land owner. 
Puneet Jain 
And just one question from how you report residential sales. Now if you look at 
residential sales, what all does JVP account for? How much was the JVP portion of 
your sales? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
See the slide number 21. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is only area sharing project. So with an area sharing project where it is the 
partner’s share of area that we are selling for them is reflected there. Otherwise 
100% of sales are reflected in that. 
Puneet Jain 
Like for Sahakar Nagar project it will have 100% of sales? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Firstly, on the commercial portfolio it is good to see Kolkata being monetized in this 
quarter. What is the progress on the other two projects and by when do you expect 
that should happen? And also how much cash flow do you think once those two 
are monetized we can generate? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think we are little reluctant to put any time frame for that. Clearly we have been 
talking about doing this for quite some time. It has taken us longer to do this than 
we would like. As you rightly said the momentum in Godrej Waterside is very good 
to see. I hope it indicates and we are quite clear in our thinking on how quickly we 
would like to monetize the project in our acceptance of lower prices to facilitate 
that. I think the exact cash flow will of course depend on the pricing. But for those 
two projects in addition to the Godrej Waterside amount we should be able to get 
about Rs. 350 crore to Rs. 400 crore. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
In addition to the pending payment that is going to come from Waterside that you 
sold this quarter? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, it is right. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
You have two assets in Kolkata. So have you seen any demand for the other 
projects or there is still no clarity? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I would not say there is no clarity but also it is not that we have something 
wrapped up. Those projects are at a slightly earlier stage of construction. Godrej 
Eternia is basically complete and we expect OC, the occupation certificate, within 
the next few months. Godrej Genesis in Kolkata is at a slightly earlier stage. But 
clearly it is our intent to monetize both of these to the greatest possible extent 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
10 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
within this financial year. But that is by no means that we will successfully monetize 
all of it in this financial year. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Secondly, I know a lot has been discussed already on the debt levels. When do 
you see this trend stabilizing or reversing? I mean the debt on an absolute basis 
has been increasing for the past couple of years? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Actually it has increased this year. Last year if you recall it actually decreased 
despite several project additions. So we did have a few exceptional items this year 
like some of these PE buyouts and large FSI payments and so on. But I mean, to 
your larger point, certainly, within the time frame you have indicated of two to three 
years we do see this very markedly improving. I mentioned as a percentage of our 
overall operations our new projects will be smaller and smaller part. Given the 
strong success we have had in business development which again we really do 
think has been very value accretive for the Company, that ratio of new projects that 
require investment to all projects that are generating cash flows has been a bit 
skewed over the last couple of years. That just as a matter of course will now 
change. So I think that will be massively helpful.  
But frankly the biggest indicator of short term cash flows if you are asking is going 
to be more project specific thing like how quickly we can monetize Genesis and 
Eternia and very importantly how cash flows on BKC go. And I think that is a more 
of a short term issue which of course we are focused on. But I think our greater 
focus is on successfully monetizing all of these projects over the next couple of 
years, moving out of some of the residential projects as well that have not been as 
strong on the cash flow performance front, and redeploy capital very efficiently in 
new projects. So certainly I expect a strong change in this trend over the next 
couple of years. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Then your target guidance range is within one to one-and-half times net debt-to-
equity at least for the next 12 months? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
And since you have mentioned the BKC project can you give us some sense on 
how much capex is already been incurred and the pending payment for the 
MMRDA as yet? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
So we have paid Rs. 140 crore and the balance is still to be paid. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
And in terms of construction cost what have we spent on that project? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
I do not have that breakup. I can tell you in all we have spent around Rs. 1,150 
crore. That is the capital employed on this project. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
That includes the land cost? Okay, Rs. 1150 including the capital employed on this 
project initially? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We are two and half to two years away from completion. So I think certainly, at the 
very least, we will expect to get all that cash out which itself is a large amount. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
So has the demand been subdued over the last two quarters for this project or is it 
because since you had mentioned that you would look to monetize it over the next 
four years and phase it out? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
11 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, frankly what we have said was 200,000 to 250,000 square feet a year. So we 
are quite happy that even in this kind of a year and given the fact that the project is 
at an early stage we have sold over 250,000 square feet of space. So I do not think 
that has been a huge concern so far. Certainly, as we sell more and more 
obviously that cash flow position will only improve, but we have over a million 
square feet of space in that project for which no cash flows have started. And 
obviously, whatever value you take BKC at even if you look at a very distressed 
kind of value that is a quite substantial amount of cash flow to come to us. So I 
think, operationally, the project is on track. We will also see how the demand 
environment moves after some of the major milestones this year. So what is 
important to note is that we are actually ahead of where we said we would be at 
this stage of the project in terms of sales. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
And just lastly, how has been the response to the Oasis project because the 
demand in Gurgaon seems to be quite weak? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
It has been excellent. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
And any sense on the numbers how the bookings have been? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think we will come back to you with all those details in the next quarter. You guys 
start discounting anything good that happens from now. But it has been another 
positive launch path. What’s very encouraging for us, as we look at building the 
scale of our operations, is that in the last three months we have had in a very 
challenging market conditions, very successful launches in all the top real estate 
markets of the country. Last quarter, of course, in Mumbai at Godrej Central and in 
Bangalore, Godrej United and this quarter with Godrej Oasis and of course a small 
launch in Pune of Godrej Prana. So that is very encouraging within a short time 
frame, we are seeing projects do well across markets and particularly encouraging 
given that we have a good portfolio lined up with Panvel, Sahakar Nagar 2, and 
Vikhroli and so on. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
Pirojsha, I know you do not give guidance but if I look at new sales that you 
achieved roughly Rs. 27.6 billion in Fiscal ‘13 and Rs. 24 billion in the last year. So 
how should we think about this going forward for Fiscal 15 and beyond? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
So Sameer, clearly our targets are to outperform that. That said, even our last 
year’s target was certainly to do better than where we ended up. So it is, 
unfortunately, ultimately, quite linked to things like approvals. So obviously we have 
seen even at the start of this year with Central, United, Oasis, etc., that once these 
approvals are coming through we are registering very good volumes. Even our 
performance on existing inventory we think is pretty good. So longwinded way of 
saying that while I do not want to give specific guidance, certainly, we would like to 
go ahead of either of the last two years, and if our approvals come through we 
should go quite substantially ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
And just looking at the new projects that you did in Fiscal ‘14 of the eight projects, 
six projects were actually less than 1.2 million square feet in size so it was bulk of 
that 13 million is actually being lifted by two projects. Just thinking aloud I mean 
how do you strategize these new tie-ups and does it make sense to get in to these 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
12 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0.7 million square feet, 0.8 million square feet projects and should you not focus 
simply on large ticket sizes? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think, Sameer it is hard to come up with a straightforward answer to that question 
as it depends on a lot of things. First of all, certainly, just the area in a project is not 
the only determinant and of course you know half a million square foot project 
located in a prime area in Mumbai or Delhi for example is obviously worth much 
more than a 5 million square feet project located on the outskirts of some city. So I 
do not think clearly area itself can be a cut off. But I think your broader point that is 
there is a minimum size of the projects that we would like to look at is a fair one 
and it is certainly something we are keeping in consideration. So broadly, internally, 
what we are looking at is anything under a Rs. 100 crore profit is not as much 
interest, with the possible exception of some DM fee project where that threshold 
might be closer to Rs. 50 crore. But it is as much about the location of the project, 
confidence in the project and so on. While it is true that many of the projects were 
under 2 million square feet, every single project was over 0.75 million square feet. 
So if you look at it, for example, the 0.75 million square foot project we added in 
Bhandup in Mumbai we think it should easily be a couple of hundred crore of profit 
kind of project for the Company. So I absolutely think that adding those kind of 
projects make sense. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
And when you say Rs. 100 crore profit threshold you are referring to the overall 
project or your share in that? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Our share of the PBT in the project. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
And just a related question. Do you think at some point of time you would be 
thinking of graduating to doing your own land acquisition of 100 acres to 200 acres 
suburban land with which slightly longer gestation? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No. 
Sameer Baisiwala 
And just one final question from my side. It is on the interest cost I see what you 
have expensed for the Fiscal ‘14 on consolidated basis is roughly about Rs. 44 
crore odd. What is it that you had capitalized? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
So for entire Fiscal ‘14 we have capitalized Rs. 250 crore. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Adhidev C 
As mentioned earlier now we have done around over Rs. 5,000 crore of sales in 
the past couple of years, refer on to FY13 and FY14 numbers. So could you just 
give us a ballpark of how much would be the total money collected out of this Rs. 
5,000 crore odd till date? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No Adhidev, I do not think we have that information of the top of our head. I think 
obviously it depends a lot on which projects are at what stages. But in any case we 
are not breaking down our cash flows by projects for the Company. 
Adhidev C 
No, it is okay if you just give an aggregate figure as an overall scenario in 
percentage terms also is that like 40%-50% or is it more or less than that? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
13 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I actually do not have the number. But it is something that it can be fairly well 
understood if you look at our construction progress, and we can give you our 
typical cash flow payment milestone from customers at what stage we ask them for 
collection. So you can get an approximate number for that, but I do not have the 
number of the top of my head. 
Adhidev C 
And second a question is on our Ahmedabad project. Now again we got totally 20 
million square feet and I am guessing we sold around 6-6.5 million square feet till 
date if I am not wrong? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, we have sold less than that, about 5 million square feet. 
Adhidev C 
So what is our overall plan on and what is the overall time period do we see for this 
project? Would you like to set some timeline over the next 5 to 6 years or 10 years 
that you expect the project to get monetized fully? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I can certainly say it is not going to be over the next 5 years. But look, I think really 
it is largely a function of how the market moves. Our goal this year frankly was to 
sell closer to a million square feet. So clearly we fell short of that. Ahmedabad 
market like other market has been struggling quite a bit for the last couple of years. 
But certainly, as things pick up we do think we are establishing this project as an 
attractive destination as we mentioned in the presentation. This quarter or in Q4, 
we delivered our first school for project. Children are already starting to attend that 
school. The infrastructure is starting to build up. We handed over 600 apartments 
last year. We have a number well over a 1,000 to hand over this financial year. 
So we think operationally the project is going well. The sales pace really will 
depend as much on market conditions generally as anything we can do, we have 
activated a variety of channels to keep the inventory in this project moving and 
frankly it is by far the highest selling project in Ahmedabad. So while it might not be 
at exactly the level we would like to see, the market as a whole has not been at 
that level. So certainly based on the current visibility it will be at least 10 years but 
how much more than that I think will depend on market condition. 
Adhidev C 
And just a couple of more questions relating to Mumbai. As you said in the last call 
a lot of new regulations had delayed the launch plans. So could you just clarify all 
the regulations the regulatory changes? Have the final clarification come from the 
various agencies or are you still awaiting the same? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
There are some things where current clarity is available, but we think that is likely 
to get changed because of the impractical nature of some of the changes that have 
come about. So there is a general sense amongst developers that some of these 
new rules that have been brought in, if they stay, then lot of development in 
Mumbai will come to a standstill because there simply isn’t the ability to plan many 
projects in compliance with those rule. So I think there is a little bit of a wait and 
watch on how some of those develop. But the problem with the approval 
environment is there could be something new that comes about at any time. That is 
what the problem was this year. But certainly, we hope that is not the case and all 
governments are now talking and understanding more seriously the problems that 
these kind of changes are bringing about. So, hopefully, I think there will be a more 
realistic approach towards bringing about these rule changes in the future. 
Adhidev C 
And finally in the state level do you expect the Maharashtra Real Estate bill to 
come in to force any time during this year? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
14 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Hard to know. I think we have heard mix things. The news is I think Congress does 
want to bring it in so it is quite likely to bring it in. And of course, there are also 
elections for the Maharashtra State Assembly later this year. So we will have to 
see, but our anticipation is that this will probably come in at the state level. The 
Central Government rules are somewhat less likely this year. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from Span Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. First is regarding the investments which we made 
of approximately Rs. 4,000 crore of which is Rs. 2,300 crore in residential and the 
balance in commercial. So my question is on the commercial side. Out of that Rs. 
1,100 crore is the BKC and the balance is around Rs. 600 crore which is Kolkata 
and Chandigarh. So what is the view on the balance of the project Rs. 600 crore? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I am not sure exactly what you mean. 
Ritwik Sheth 
It has been part of your net worth, Rs. 600 crore, so how do you plan to exit in the 
next couple of years? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We have already exited from Godrej Waterside over the last two months as we 
mentioned and we expect to receive around Rs. 100 crore more in this financial 
year. From that and as we said earlier on the call about Rs. 350 crore to Rs. 400 
crore from the other two projects. 
Ritwik Sheth 
So would it be safe to assume that in the next couple of years we will be exiting 
these commercial projects? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think it is safe to assume that that is our intention and our goal, we obviously have 
to execute and get that done. So certainly I hope that happens over a couple of 
years. I think we must make that happen. But the exact timing is not something that 
we can fully decide ourselves. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And would you reinvest it in to commercial or you will go the residential way? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I think we will go with some of these new very value accretive residential 
projects. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And my second question is regarding the Vikhroli land like there are many reports 
coming in that Godrej & Boyce has around 300 acres to 500 acres. So can you 
give us an idea of what Godrej Properties can develop in the coming five years? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I cannot. As a group, we said we have a very large landholding in Vikhroli, it is 
much larger than the number you mentioned. The developable area is also 
something that we have said is not totally clear, but we expect it could be in the 
range of somewhere between 500-1,000 acre. The timeline for that development is 
not something we are talking about, but certainly, it will be much more than the 
timeline you have indicated. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And whenever you develop these projects what is the arrangement with the parent 
Godrej & Boyce? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
15 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
The umbrella agreement in Vikhroli, we have one project called ‘The Trees’ which 
is out of this, which is a profit sharing and was announced before this agreement. 
But for the vast majority of the Vikhroli land, the understanding is the development 
management fee model, where we are entitled to 10% of the topline for our role in 
the development and our costs we expect on that will be about 2%. 
Ritwik Sheth 
Cost will be 2% and on the topline you will have 10%? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is right. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And so going forward this will be like precedent for the coming projects, is that 
right? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, that is the understanding for all future developments in Vikhroli. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And sir, as I see that we have about 90 million to 100 million square feet of projects 
going on. So what will be the strategy going forward will it be execution before 
taking any more projects or we are comfortable with the current level of projects we 
have on our hand and we can add more in FY15? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Certainly we will add some more as we have mentioned. We added one more 
project just today. I think it is important to understand that each location and 
geography is different and there is very little competition that happens between 
these geographies. So just because we have a 20 million square foot project in 
Ahmedabad, we cannot sell that any faster if we do not add another project or if we 
do add another project. So I do not think the linkage is as tight as that. Clearly, I 
think our primary focus is obviously on execution and on launching the project we 
have in our portfolio. But certainly, we feel the structures that we are entering into, 
new projects are very value accretive. And I certainly think that we can expand to 
new projects if they are available in the right locations, where we do not see any 
competition with our existing projects. 
Ritwik Sheth 
No, the reason I asked is because in case like we plan to add more projects so we 
need more cash to execute these projects and we will have to raise more debt. So 
we will go above one or 1.5:1 in terms of the debt equity ratio in the coming 12 
months? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
As I said we are quite confident of staying between 1-1.5:1. Again certainly, we are 
not looking to make big ticket investments in to new projects. If you look, we have 
now added 20 to 25 projects in the last few years all of which we are happy to talk 
about the kind of investments that we are making and how quickly we can get 
those investments back. While I fully appreciate and understand the importance of 
cash flows as a metric for real estate companies and while it is perhaps the most 
important metric we look at as well. I do not think that we have a view of our 
company that is anything close to being cash strapped or anything like that and 
needs to only focus on conserving cash. We feel our balance sheet is in a very 
healthy position and can support both the execution of the existing projects and 
steady addition of new projects. But what I have also said is that we have been 
adding consistently for the last three years somewhere between 8 and 10 new 
projects to our portfolio. The impact of 10 new projects on a base of 20 projects is 
very different from the impact of 10 new projects on a base of 45 projects. So I do 
not see that as a major concern and frankly it would be foolish of us to not add 
projects of the type that we have adding recently. 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
16 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ritwik Sheth 
And sir, in the previous call a participant had asked you that your ambition is to 
generate Rs. 20,000 crore revenue in the next 10 years. Do you think that we can 
achieve half of that by 2020? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Frankly as I also sometimes joke we do not know most of time what is going to 
happen tomorrow in real estate. So trying to forecast where we will be 7 years from 
now is not the easiest thing to do. Look, we did an aspirational exercise three years 
ago, what the full potential for the business could look like if things go very well and 
that was the number we came up with. Certainly we hoped for better than 4.5% 
economic growth during that period. So if things pick up, we have set ourselves up 
well for growth. We can capture market share and grow the business well. Whether 
that results in us being a Rs. 5,000 crore or Rs. 10,000 crore, Rs. 20,000 crore 
company, I think time will tell. But certainly, we are fairly confident of securing good 
growth for the Company in the coming years. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And sir, we have been maintaining our ROE target of around double digit 
somewhere around 13% to 15% in the coming two years. So can we expect at 
least a double digit in FY15 and going forward we can accelerate the momentum 
from there? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, I do not want again to give guidance on this, but certainly, I think one of the 
most important objectives of the Company is to markedly improve our ROE and 
ROCE performance, which has not been up to the mark recently. So again, I hope 
you can tell from the actions we are taking on the old commercial projects or new 
launches and the type of new projects we are adding. These are all geared towards 
getting us there. I think the exact timing of that will again depend on quite a few 
things including the general market environment, speed of approvals and so on. 
But certainly we would like to demonstrate consistent and visible improvement in 
our return metrics over the next couple of years. 
Ritwik Sheth 
Sir, final question is on the BKC project. We have seen slight price cut of about 5% 
from the previous quarter. Is this a strategic move or it is one off because it has not 
spurred sales compared to the previous quarter. The sales have halved from 
36,000 sq.ft. We have come down to 18,000 sq.ft? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I do not think we should look at this as a price cut necessarily. There is 
different pricing for different types of units, different floors and so on. So this is just 
a reflection of that. There are certainly no price cuts we have taken in the project. 
Ritwik Sheth 
And just on the commercial project can you give me a breakup of the inventory? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We do not have that at presently. I can give it you offline. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumeet Rohra from Silver Stallion. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumeet Rohra 
Hi Pirojsha, most of my questions have already been answered. But I must say 
congratulations on achieving a Rs. 1,000 crore sales mark in the quarter just 
concluded and frankly in my eyes I think that you have laid a brilliant foundation. I 
think that you are very much on the target to achieving Rs. 4,000 - Rs. 5,000 crore 
of topline this year though I know you are not going to be able to give guidance. 
But generally seeing the amount of the launches which we have done over the last 
couple of weeks are we actually seeing a structural change in the approval 
process?  

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
17 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Thank you very much for kind wishes. UnfortunatelyI do not think there is any 
structural improvement. These things are coincidental. We are obviously launching 
projects as soon as we are getting the required approvals. And it is fortunate that 
for 3-4 projects that has happened in the last 2 to 3 months. The good thing is 
there are noises being made about creating structural improvements particularly 
related to the environment clearance rules and bringing about some time bound 
limits for these approvals. So hopefully, we will see some action from the new 
government on some of these. But so far I would not really say there is any 
structural improvement. 
Sumeet Rohra 
Sure Pirojsha. That’s very helpful. Thank you very much. You have given a good 
perspective on your outlook for Godrej Properties and I wish you all the best. My 
sincere wish is that you will achieve Rs. 5000 crore sales figure this financial year.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth 
Just wanted more clarification on what you have earlier said that we expect to 
realize around Rs. 350 crore between Genesis and Chandigarh whenever it is 
monetized? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
Yes. 
Bharat Sheth 
While selecting the project I mean in revenue model, profit sharing or development 
management what are the criteria that we have? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
It is not any one thing. There is a vast series of metrics and things we look at. I 
think lot of it is of course non-financial. So what is the location, supply demand in 
that location, what is the partner profile, much more detailed analysis on those 
kinds of parameters. There are a large number of things we look at from the 
financial side also. What is the total peak investment required, what is the period to 
cash flow neutrality; what is the IRR of the project, NPV of the project, what is the 
margin of the project, what is the scenario planning if things go wrong and how 
does the project look. So I think any new project goes through very exhaustive 
series of checks and analysis before we enter it. 
Bharat Sheth 
In the last quarter we added one more 8 lakh square feet project in Vikhroli. When 
do we plan to launch? I believe that is with our parent Godrej & Boyce? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That is right. The exact time will be linked to approvals. We are working on the 
planning and things, so probably next financial year. 
Bharat Sheth 
Not in this current financial year? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Likely, given the sort of timelines for approvals in Mumbai. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Arjun Ashar from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Arjun Ashar 
A question was previously asked as regard what specifically triggered the need to 
write off those losses on amalgamation through reserves and not route it through 
P&L. Can you please elaborate on that why would we go through reserves and not 
through P&L? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
18 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rajendra Khetawat 
So this is a specific scheme, which has been approved by High Court, and it has 
been as per the applicable accounting standard. So whenever you do a merger, 
you do a fair value of the asset and the fair value of the asset has been taken out 
of the reserve. 
Arjun Ashar 
How does one get handle of the profitability of various projects currently under 
execution because there is always a possibility that certain losses may come up 
which may eventually be directly written-off through reserves? I understand you are 
saying that the accounting standard permits you to do that but this is such a huge 
number and your cumulative profits for the last four years would be Rs. 490 crore 
itself? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
This is on account of merger. So when you are doing a project within Godrej 
Properties Limited you cannot do this. This is on account of merger when it is a 
100% subsidiary and is through a valid court scheme. 
Arjun Ashar 
Sir, but piercing through the accounting aspect of it, ultimately would this be your 
business loss and if that is the case what would be the factors which triggered this 
loss. Before this amalgamation was carried out how much of the losses or profits 
were recognized? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
This is clearly how the accounting standard calls for this to be done. The actual 
accounting loss will happen as the project is sold and obviously if a project is sold 
and there are losses that are directly taken through the P&L. If you would like any 
further information on this we are happy to take it offline. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amrit Kalantri who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Amrit Kalantri 
My question is regarding capital allocation and corporate finance. I was a bit 
worried in terms of the dividend payout that has been proposed this time and also 
the last time considering that we are really a growth company. We did a Rights 
Issue a few months back and a dividend payout just before that, and we are again 
paying a dividend now. In the meanwhile we also did a stock split. What is the 
management thinking in terms of when we are in a growth stage, when we seek 
higher capital and we still go out and pay a dividend? The dividend distribution tax 
is at 17% and we still need capital. So if you can give your perspective on that and 
what could be the future strategy in terms of dividend distribution. Would we go and 
still do it just because it is kind of looks good on the paper that we are a continuous 
dividend distributing company? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think it is a very fair question. Our philosophy has been to pay about 25% of our 
net profits as dividend on an annual basis. We think that strikes the right balance 
between keeping cash flows for the Company’s forward growth, which as you 
rightly pointed out is important, and also returning some cash in the form of this 
25% roughly of net profit on an annual basis. So that has been the thinking but 
happy to get your feedback on this. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha 
How big a role has pragmatic pricing played in getting a good response to new 
launches? And secondly, what is the outlook on pricing? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
19 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think it is probably a little bit different in different places. So in most of our projects 
we are able to achieve a premium pricing over market. But certainly, at the same 
time, we are not looking to price our projects unrealistically or looking to price 
project at levels where volumes are very slow. So certainly pricing is an important 
input in to projects but I do not think the reasons for the good response is any case 
that we are undercutting prices. But we are charging the price that we think is fair 
given the Godrej brand and other things. So it is an important component but I 
would not say it is the determining component of our recent success. 
And the outlook again is quite hard to call especially on a pan India level because it 
really is quite a market-by-market and even micro market by micro market 
phenomenon. But the outcome we had hoped to see for the rest of the year is a 
pickup in the general economic sentiments. Hopefully the election, interest rates 
coming down and other such triggers will provide that impetus for sentiment. And I 
think, the way that it will really benefit both the real estate developers in this sector 
as well as customer is through an improvement in volumes. And that will be our 
focus more than trying to take too many price increases. 
Abhinav Sinha 
Given that you have seen good response in all three markets of Mumbai, NCR as 
well as Bangalore. Which one do you think is particularly exciting at this moment or 
easier to sell in let us say? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Each market has its own pros and cons. Frankly, there is not one of these three 
markets that is only going to do well and our horizon is a little bit longer term than 
what could happen over the next one or two years. Even the projects we are 
adding right now are really projects that will be with us easily for four, five years or 
more. So I think we are taking a slightly more long term view of the business, and 
with that kind of a view, all three markets look very attractive to us and are 
important markets for us to establish a stronger presence in and seek more growth. 
So, as we have seen even in the last three years, different markets are performing 
well at different times and it is not perfectly predictable which market is going to do 
well. For example, the last year we saw Bangalore has been a better performer 
and NCR has been very weak but a year before that NCR was perhaps the best 
performer. So we think in the medium term all markets present a good opportunity 
and I think a lot of what happens in real estate is looking at the current environment 
and extrapolating that excessively. So I do not think that what is happening in the 
market today is a very good predictor of what is going to happen in a market two 
years from now. The simple reason is that basic supply and demand things. When 
markets are doing well from a demand perspective supply also ramps up and 
sometimes can get excessive which in turn puts pressure on that market and the 
flip of that is also true that when markets are not doing well, supply dries up which 
in turn can lead to improved performance. So these things are quite dynamic but 
certainly our overall take is that all three of those cities that you mentioned and of 
course the other big real estate markets in India will do well from a medium term 
perspective. 
Moderator 
The last question is from the line of Puneet Jain from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Puneet Jain 
I have got couple of questions. The first is that your last proportion of debt seems 
to be short term debt while a couple of your projects are actually long term. Would 
there be any particular reasons for the same? 

 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited – Q4 & FY2014 Concall Transcript 
20 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rajendra Khetawat 
The long term debt is basically for Godrej BKC. The short and the long term debt 
get classified as per the revised Schedule VI based on the maturity. So in the 
balance sheet you will see quite a few movements happening every quarter. 
Puneet Jain 
And what will be the average duration of these loans? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
This average duration can be anywhere from three months to a year or two years. 
 Puneet Jain 
And finally, can you provide a breakup of other operating based income. Where is 
the biggest chunk coming from? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, we do not give the breakdown of that, Puneet. But there are several projects 
under this model including some of the projects we launched this quarter like 
Godrej United and Godrej E-City. 
Moderator  
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Thanks again all of you for joining the call. I hope we have been able to answer all 
your questions. Of course if you have any further questions or require any 
additional information we will be happy to be of assistance offline. Thanks again for 
your support in a continued basis. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, member of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on 
behalf of Godrej Properties Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
- ENDS - 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
