 
 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli, Mumbai 400 079 
 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
Investor/Analyst Meet 
3.30 p.m. Thursday, May 12, 2011 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon everybody and welcome to the Godrej Consumer Products investor 
and analyst meet. I take this opportunity to introduce the gentlemen on the desk Mr. 
Adi Godrej, the Chairman, Mr. A Mahendran, the Managing Director, Mr. Vivek 
Gambhir, the Chief Strategy Officer and Mr. P Ganesh, the CFO.  
Adi Godrej: 
I welcome you to the annual investor and analyst meet of Godrej Consumer 
Products Limited. The Indian economy has performed well over the last fiscal year 
with the GDP growth of 8.6% in spite of global uncertainties. While inflation and 
rising commodity prices have been areas of concern, the fundamentals of the 
economy remain strong. We expect a healthy growth to continue with the 
government projecting robust GDP growth for fiscal 2012. We have also seen a 
spate of reform efforts over the last year and serious attention is being paid 
towards tackling corruption. Tax reforms such as the goods and services tax and 
the direct tax code while delayed, are still on the horizon and could provide 
massive benefits over the medium term. Fiscal 2011 has been a transformative 
year for GCPL on many fronts. In June 2010, we acquired the remaining 51% 
share in the erstwhile Godrej Sara Lee Limited. With the merger of two businesses 
GCPL is now the largest Indian household and personal care company. We believe 
that this merger provides us a unique opportunity to significantly change the 
trajectory of our FMCG business as we leverage the complementary strengths of 
the two companies to create one GCPL. The potential for value creation, simply 
put, is huge. As a result of the GSLL acquisition we now have a broader category 
portfolio. Home care now comprises 43% of our portfolio and personal wash is 32% 
of our portfolio as opposed to 65% of the portfolio resting on personal wash in 
financial year 2009. Apart from a broader category portfolio our domestic scale has 

 
Page 2 of 25 
increased significantly. Over the last year our domestic business reported growth 
was 46% to reach Rs 2,443 crore, the increased scale enabled GCPL to further 
expand distribution in India and improve penetration in channels such as chemists, 
modern trade and rural markets. It will allow us to compete more effectively in 
terms of investing and creating new platforms to develop innovative solutions to 
meet customer needs. The merger also provides the ability to drive significant 
synergies in our operations. Finally we believe that we now have strengthened 
ability to attract and retain top-notch talent for future business growth. We have 
special initiative called Project Neo to enable us to capture the promise on the 
integration.  
Along with becoming the largest Indian household in personal health care company 
in fiscal 2011, we also continued the evolution from an Indian FMCG company to a 
leading emerging market FMCG company. Through our numerous acquisitions 
outside of South Asia, GCPL now has operations in Indonesia, South Africa, 
Nigeria, Argentina, Uruguay, the UK and the Middle East. Our products are 
available in 55 countries around the globe. 33% of revenues in fiscal year 2011 
came from our international operations. The integration of our international 
business is proceeding well and is ahead of plan. We have been following a very 
disciplined and focused globalization approach which we call our 3 x 3 strategy, 
presence in the continents, Asia, Africa and Latin America through 3 core 
categories, homecare, hair care and personal wash. Our 3 x 3 strategy starts with a 
premise that apart from the tremendous opportunities available for growth in India, 
there are attractive opportunities available in another emerging market as well. 
These emerging markets have characteristics and consumer demographics similar 
to India. With the economies of Indonesia, Africa and LATAM, all expected to grow 
at more than 5%, we expect healthy organic growth in our international businesses 
both in top line and even more in the bottom line. We believe that we can very 
effectively leverage GCPL’s fundamental value proposition of superior quality 
affordable products and our understanding of consumers to our international 
markets. We can add tremendous value to these acquisitions to the rigor of the 
Godrej processes, operational discipline, manufacturing, technology and sourcing 
strengths. Our acquisitions have been very value accretive for us. 
Apart from expanding our geographic presence, our other key priorities to continue 
driving leadership in our core categories, we are the leaders in hair color, home 
insecticides and liquid detergent and the number two player in soaps in the Indian 
market, we are also the market leaders in air freshener and a wet tissues in 
Indonesia and in hair colors in many countries in Africa and Latin America. We are 

 
Page 3 of 25 
also the number two player in home insecticide in Indonesia and hair extensions in 
South Africa. 
To capitalize on the growth potential in our categories, innovation is a key area of 
focus. We are actively building our innovation platform of the future. We would be 
investing heavily in these platforms and the projects are undertaken will guide the 
future trajectories of our categories. The recent re-launch of Godrej Expert, one of 
our older brands, in an exciting new avatar with multiple benefits is an example of 
this.  
As a company we have always been committed to strong and sustained value 
creation. Over the last 10 years we have achieved sales growth that has 
compounded annual growth of 23% and profit after taxes, at a compounded annual 
growth of 28%. The market has also rewarded us well for our strong performance 
with our share price, delivering a compounded annual growth of 37% during this 
10-year period making GCPL as the best performing FMCG stock during this 
period. This is against the backdrop of the FMCG index which grew by 
compounded annual growth rate of 15% over the same period. All of this would not 
have been possible without the exemplary commitment shown by the GCPL team. 
Under the leadership of Mahendran we have a strong team in place ably driving 
our ambitious growth plans. GCPL today provide tremendous growth and 
development opportunities for its employees. In recognition for its strong people 
proposition, Aon Hewitt ranked GCPL at the fourth best employer in India moving 
seven notches from number 11 rank we had previously. 
 Over the next hour, we will be sharing a snapshot of our strategy and plans, the 
performance highlights of financial year 2011, a financial review of the year and 
what our outlook for the future is. I would now ask Vivek Gambhir to come and 
share overview of the GCPL strategy.  
Vivek Gambhir: 
I would spend a few minutes providing you with a very brief overview of our 
strategy. We are continually guided by the mantra of profitable and sustained 
growth. The results of the past few years bear testimony to our commitment and as 
this chart shows over the past two years our reported sales growth has been about 
62% a year and our profit growth has been about 73% a year. Our strong financial 
result story is complimented by an equally strong value creation story and the 
tremendous returns we have delivered to our shareholders. In the last year also, 
we have maintained a very strong trajectory. To ensure that we are competitive to 
win today and to also ensure that we build the capabilities that we need to win in 

 
Page 4 of 25 
the future, we have defined six priorities for the business. I will provide you with a 
brief overview of these priorities  
Our first objective is to remain focused on our three core categories and to 
strengthen our position in these three categories. We believe that there is a lot of 
headroom to actually increase consumption and penetration in these categories 
that we operate in. The per capita consumption in these categories is still quite low 
versus other relevant markets. So as market leader, this means that we will 
capitalize both on the near term opportunities while we build the portfolio and the 
capabilities that we need for the future. Along with strengthening the core we are, 
therefore, sowing the seeds in adjacency around the core. The adjacency might be 
small today but we expect them to be quite large in the next 5-10 years. So we 
believe that this two pronged approach on first strengthening the core and then 
second extending it over time will enable us to consistently deliver profitable growth 
ahead of the markets. 
Our second priority is to capitalize on the tremendous potential of becoming an 
emerging markets FMCG leader. Our approach is to leverage our leadership in our 
three core categories and replicate the growth formula in developing markets in 
Africa, Latin America and Asia. These markets present tremendous growth 
opportunities. For example, one of the geographies where we see a lot of potential 
in is Africa where, in fact the reported number of middle-class people actually 
exceeds even that in India. But what is also equally important is the way we do 
international business. Our M&A approach will continue to be very disciplined and 
we will continue to pursue synergistic accretive acquisitions. And we will partner 
very closely with the companies that we acquire to ensure that the sum of the 
whole is greater than the parts. We will integrate them in the Godrej way making 
sure that we maintain the right balance. Local management teams will be fully 
empowered to drive local decisions and we will drive synergies through value 
added support provided by the center and ensure adequate cross synergies across 
geographies. 
In terms of our third priority, this is all about innovation and renovation. We are 
witnessing a rapid change in the social and economic landscape in India and other 
emerging markets. Our key challenge is to make sure that our brands remain 
relevant. We need to make sure that we give consumers enough reasons to remain 
excited with our products and to buy more. So we are dramatically strengthening 
our innovation capabilities. Over the next three years we want every single part of 
our portfolios to go through a major overhaul and re-launch. Our approach to 
innovation will be centered around creating meaningful differentiation. We have 

 
Page 5 of 25 
created a dedicated design and innovation cell and are employing design driven 
thinking to accelerate the time to market and to improve the odds of success. 
Our fourth priority is to make sure that our sales system is future ready. We are 
substantially strengthening our go-to-market approach to expand our rural and 
urban reach and to deepen distribution. To address the needs of many Indias we 
are pushing micro-planning to the next level. We are focusing on locally relevant 
activations and harnessing the power of technology to improve the quality of 
coverage. 
Our fifth priority is to make sure that our supply chain is efficient, flexible and 
dynamic. We have a global supply organization in place and are pursuing several 
initiatives to maintain our competitive edge. At the end of the day we are what we 
are because of our brands and our people. For us to sustain our tremendous 
results track record we need to make sure that we remain agile and nimble. Our 
ability to move faster than our competitors, the empowerment that we provide to 
our team and our strong Godrej value system have been strong differentiators for 
us. We now need to raise the bar even further and become much more dynamic in 
terms of how we manage and operate the business, attracting, motivating, 
developing and retaining the right kind of talent is critical to our future success. 
I now request Mr. Mahendran to come and share with us a few thoughts on the 
year gone by. 
A. Mahendran 
 I would like to welcome all the analyst friends here today and the year 2010 and 
2011 is a year of I would say quite historical in the period of Godrej Consumer 
Products. In a sense as we have heard from Mr. Godrej that a decade from 2002 to 
2011, the market cap growth rates grew at a CAGR of about 37% and we have a 
top line growth rate of 23% CAGR, the last 10 years.  
As far as 2010-2011 is concerned, it has been a major turning point in the history of 
Godrej Consumer Products. In line with the trajectory of that CAGR growth rate 
over that decade both in market cap and top line as well as bottom line, we have 
now evolved a 10x10 strategy. Thanks to our Chief Strategy Officer, Vivek 
Gambhir’s plan, which was accepted by the board as well as within the group and 
we are going ahead with that. Now in that plan, the growth rate envisaged is 26% 
over the 10 year period top line in CAGR terms. So with that spreads, let me say a 
few points before I get into the performance highlights post to 2010-2011 now 
2011-2012. If I look at integration, the acquisitions of remaining 51% stake in 
Godrej Sara Lee happened sometime in May last year, if we look at the quarter-by-

 
Page 6 of 25 
quarter performance since, the velocity of growth both in terms of top line as well 
as bottom line, we have ended up very well 2010-2011, as well as in Quarter 4, the 
results are pretty good and satisfying. So I must confirm that the velocity of growth 
has been sustained, that is number one. The second one is, in the last so many 
years we have developed the culture of being ahead of the category in which we 
are present, in terms of growth. The 3 core categories for us are personal wash, 
household care and insecticide and hair color. Our culture is always to be ahead of 
the industry growth, and we have maintained it in the Quarter 4. 
The third aspect is, that all our acquisitions announced in the past, have been 
accretive and we would like to sustain this in our future plans for inorganic growth, 
the fourth one is at Godrej Consumer products; we strongly believe in professional 
entrepreneurism as a part of culture.  
The synergies from the merger of Godrej Sara Lee and Godrej Consumer Products 
that happened last year have been attained. We have also created value on the 
merger and also during the year we started focusing heavily on new products and 
innovation. The next one is the global organization build up has been achieved 
during the year and we have a good bandwidth of team as well as we have recently 
brought in Shashank Sinha as an International Head President to focus on that 
business and as Mr. Godrej said we have also been acknowledged by Hewitt 
study, the best employer ranking number four in the country. The last point is the 
input cost pressure has been sustained during the year as well in the soaps we 
have the competitive intensity has also being managed in the year. With this 
background I will like to go through the performance highlights. 
We have leading positions in our core categories in the domestic market. In hair 
color we have a market share of 29%, in home insecticide we are at 36% and in 
liquid detergents 86%. So in all the three segments we are holding number one 
position and number two in the soaps market share of 10%. The scale of domestic 
business has increased significantly and if you look at this chart the growth rate is 
50% from 2009-2011. This is driven by the game changing acquisition, Godrej Sara 
Lee during the last year, a merged Godrej Consumer Products enables that to 
strengthen our brand portfolio, expand our distribution network in the country and 
leverage operational and supply chain efficiency. Apart from that we have value 
creation potential for the next four years where the revenue synergies we are 
looking at due to this merger somewhere between Rs. 1500 to Rs. 2000 crore and 
we are also looking at a cost synergy of Rs. 200 to Rs. 250 crore. Post-merger, we 
have developed the project called Project Neo and this is well underway to capture 
the promise of ‘’One GCPL” and this chart gives us a 3 to 4 year perspective, how 

 
Page 7 of 25 
the building blocks will be. In year one, we are planning to create one aligned 
senior team which has been done and we have also created a common way of 
working between these two companies as both had its own culture, so that 
integration is completed. We have also integrated their marketing and supply chain 
and, international operations and also we are more or less on the verge of 
completing the integration of IT, Infrastructure, and support functions. 
In years 1 to 3 we are looking at creating value from these operations such as the 
strategic procurement team has been formed, we are looking at global 
manufacturing competencies, network optimization and integrated and differential 
planning. We are looking at manufacturing efficiency improvements and we are 
also planning to build up R & D to drive growth. In years 2 to 4 we are looking at a 
future ready sales platform, accelerate the pace of innovation and to drive the rural 
growth in a big way. As you know most of the FMCG companies have entered the 
rural segment and I expect the rural saliency from currently whatever the 
percentage is to improve in terms of consumption in the rural market and we plan 
to focus on that. We want to leverage the IT in international businesses also and 
also build future capabilities. In order to drive this Project Neo we have formed over 
a 100 team members working on key initiatives, the integration is on-track and 
significant benefits are expected in the years 2011 to 2015. 
Our domestic products portfolio is now quite diverse from 2009, the personal wash 
was at 65% level whereas in the year which ended up in 2011 it has come down to 
32% which is coming from the soap business and home care is at 43% and hair 
color at 12%. Our household insecticide business has done very well, 28% year-
on-year growth led by innovative products on Goodnight brand which is focusing on 
low smoke coil and Goodnight Advance Active System. Strong marketing 
campaigns by the brand Hit towards how do we kill malaria and other initiatives led 
by Goodnight Advance Active System and also we have a very heavy investment 
on above the line expenditure during the year, has led our market share to increase 
from 33% to 36% now. 
We have also faced some challenges in the soaps during the year, but the situation 
is improving now. The year which went by was a challenging year where the input 
prices shot up by about 58% during the year and the impact of food inflation on 
discretionary FMCG purchases had an impact, continued competitive intensity in 
that segment and also we had in the early part of year some distribution hygiene 
issues added to the challenge. But we are holding our ground; we have managed 
to calibrate the price increases by taking efficient forward covers on oil buy. If you 
look at Quarter 4, we have 9% volume growth versus 1% for the industry. And we 

 
Page 8 of 25 
have also grown by 13% in value whereas the industry grew only 7% in the last 
quarter. 
Going forward several initiatives planned to go ahead of market. A lot of micro 
marketing initiatives focusing on key geographies, innovating with new variants and 
launches on new platforms, maintaining profitability through efficient forward covers 
and calibrated price hikes as necessary. While we lead in hair colors we believe 
that potential is much greater, the key imperatives are innovative delivery formats, 
tapping new channels like salons, chemists and modern trade and innovative 
marketing campaign. I must acknowledge that our marketing team has been quite 
aggressive and recently we have re-launched and re-staged the brand Godrej 
Expert and our feedback is pretty positive in the market and I hope this is going to 
do very well during the year. 
We also have leading positions in our international operations. We are number one 
in air fresheners and wet tissues in Indonesia. We are number one in hair color in 
many countries in Africa. In hair colors also we are number one in several countries 
in LATAM. We are number two in home insecticide in Indonesia and we are 
number two in hair extension in South Africa and number two in medicated soaps 
in Nigeria. 
Our international business too has grown significantly over the last year, the 
revenue grew to Rs.1207 crore from Rs.378 and if you look at the EBIDTA grew 
from Rs.61 to Rs.152 crore, and 33% revenue growth from international business 
as compared to 19% last year but this includes acquisition. Growth has been driven 
by our recent acquisition, the number one is, Megasari in Indonesia which has 
three brands like Stella, Hit and Mitu, and presence in household insecticide, hair 
care, and baby wipes categories. And if we look at Issue and Argencos in 
Argentina we are in the space of hair color there and we are number one in several 
Latin markets. In Nigeria we have a brand called Tura in medicated soaps category 
and are number two there. Our international portfolio is also now more diverse, in 
FY09 the UK sale was 64% and in 2011 the UK sales has come down to 14%, 
whereas Asia, which is primarily Indonesia excluding India is 55% and Africa is 
15% and LATAM is about 16%. 
International integration is ahead of plan and we have formed an executive 
committee for the business in the place, the gross margins have improved. Projects 
commissioned to deliver benefits of increased distribution reach and sales 
processes have happened in Indonesia. And if you look at Argentina we have 
integrated these two businesses which we acquired one is, Issue and the other one 

 
Page 9 of 25 
is Argencos, both have been integrated during the year. Gross margins improved 
and focus is also on expanding across LATAM. And if you look at Nigeria the 
project is underway to launch other categories. Our purpose of entering Nigeria 
through Tura is to get other core categories into Nigeria. 
Innovating across our portfolio is our key focus and as I said earlier the hair care, 
we have re-launched and re-staged Godrej Expert which was originally called the 
powder hair color. Now the platform in which this particular brand is built is quite 
interesting and is something unique. In the hair color portfolio the platform which 
we are building now is, ‘Happy Hair, Happy You’, this is a product in which we do 
not have ammonia and 100% gray coverage, natural looking so we have brought in 
a concept of care and original and advanced, and all the three are tracking well 
post-launch in the market and this is going to be a good winner in the year. 
In terms of our household insecticides, work is going on in different innovation 
pipelines but these innovations have been already launched last year which is the 
Good Night Naturals, which is a lotion part of a personal repellent. And we have the 
liquid vaporizer and we also embarked on Hit malaria campaign which is also doing 
well, but in the current year we're looking at more innovations in the household 
insecticides which would help growth. In Personal wash category, Godrej No 1, 
launched new variant during the year which is a mix of saffron and milk cream and 
also Fair Glow, as a brand has been re-launched during the year. 
In international markets we have launched new products during the year and in 
LATAM Issue has done some good work in these launches. In UK during the year 
we acquired a brand which is a heritage brand called as Salon Selective and that 
will get launched during the current year and in Indonesia we have done some 
work on Stella. 
We are ensuring that our sales system is ready to address the future needs, in the 
sense how we expand the coverage in India, current direct and indirect reaches 
have expanded to roughly 4 million outlets. We would like to drive scale benefits by 
synergizing the channel strength of different categories we have. Household 
insecticides to expand into rural markets, hair colors and toiletries to expand in 
chemists particularly and to scale up operations in modern trade, for that we have a 
combined team looking at modern trade, we're expecting that to grow well. 
We would like to step up the channel activation, implementing next leg of salon 
channel in India and leveraging LATAM professional salon business experience, 
how do we cross-pollinate in India. Godrej Rural Internship Program, this is another 

 
Page 10 of 25 
program which is called GRIP, it is a self-funded program to increase our rural 
sales by imparting training to the rural Indians working as our channel partners. 
This is one part of our project which we have embarked in Godrej Group called 
Good and Green and this increases the employability in India. 
We are building a world-class supply chain organization. Global supply chain is 
already in place headed by our Chief Operating Officer, Dr. R. K. Sinha. We have 
20% additional capacity created in coils, aerosols, soap making. Some 
debottlenecking was done during the year and strategic sourcing of our non-
commodities raw materials and packaging materials is expected to generate 
significant savings during the year. 
Lean supply chain management has been implemented and integrated for both the 
companies during the year. Additional cost efficiencies being driven through energy 
conservation and deployment of lean and six sigma principles has also being 
established. Leveraging IT effectively is the key, domestic SAP consolidation has 
been completed. And we also have a phased migration of international operations 
to SAP in process. Business intelligence implementation is underway and our sales 
force is going in a very aggressive automation which is very much needed in these 
days, all the field force are now going for automated handheld terminals, that is 
going to lead to a good amount of efficiency as well as productivity. Several 
distributor management systems enhancement has also been implemented. 
Ensuring an agile Godrej, focus on ‘’One GCPL culture’’, strong team in place 
under common management committee right now and a senior talent brought on 
board, Vivek Mathur, he is our President Marketing Sales and Innovation. We have 
Shashank Sinha, President International Business and we also have Sunil Kataria 
heading our domestic sales. Our HR policies and practices are completely 
harmonized within both the companies on an integrated fashion. International 
center has been created under a new head of international business and we are 
strengthening capabilities around innovation, and innovation and design cell is 
headed by Darshan Gandhi. 
These charts talk about a few awards and recognitions of GCPL during the year. 
Brand equity's most trusted brand in that survey, Godrej brands feature the highest 
for the Indian company and Goodnight is ranked number one in household care 
and number 12 overall across all the categories, sectors or brands surveyed during 
the year 2010. We have also got Product of the Year Award for a Good Night 
Natural, which is a lotion launched last year and we also have this award ranking 
number four, study done by Hewitt for best employer and NDTV Profit has also 

 
Page 11 of 25 
given us a Business Leadership Award to Godrej Consumer Products under the 
goods category during the year. 
We are embracing the concept of shared value and this chart enunciates how we 
create the shared value. Addressing the social problems this chart also gives the 
concept of “Good and Green” where we as an FMCG business would like to get 
into the rural India, but then when you go into the rural India the issue is the 
employability concept, so we have introduced the GRIP project. And this concept of 
shared value can be defined as policies and operating practices that enhance the 
competitiveness of a company while simultaneously advancing the economic and 
social conditions in the communities in which it operates. So we are quite proud of 
embracing this particular shared value concept growth will come from this area 
also. 
For project ‘’Godrej Good and Green’’, by 2020 we have set an employability 
target, we intent to train 1 million rural and urban youth in skilled employment. We 
are planning to create a greener India, achieve zero waste in our business, carbon 
neutral and positive water balance and a 30% renewable energy usage. Innovating 
for ‘‘Good and Green’’, we have a 1/3 of our portfolio revenues comprising good 
and green products and services that is the third objective. 
Thank you so much and I would like to call our CFO, P.Ganesh. 
P. Ganesh 
I will now take you through the performance snapshot. If you look at the last 10 
years from being 450 crore odd company we have grown to 3600 crore plus in 
terms of turnover and while we have done that what we also see is that in terms of 
the profitability which is reflected by the EBIDTA margin we have been able to 
consistently improve that and bring it to an 18 to 20% EBIDTA margin range. 
Therefore while FY11, especially on toilet soaps had seen a depression on our 
margins on account of high oil prices, still we have ended with a relatively healthy 
17% EBIDTA. So what does this mean in terms of profitability? PAT CAGR for the 
10-year is 28%. One another interesting aspect over here, again when we look at 
the last 10 years of GCPL’s existence when we started in FY02, we were a full 
taxpaying company with an effective tax rate of about 33%. Over the years through 
fiscal benefits we have been able to get to a minimum alternate tax rate, so for 
domestic operations we are at 20% and given that international geographies have 
higher tax rate on a consolidated basis we average about 22 to 23%. 
The company has been quite generous and rewarding shareholders, so from a Rs. 
1.4 per share in FY02, we see a consistent increase and in the current year the total 

 
Page 12 of 25 
dividend paid per share is 4.5. At the same time the profitability has consistently 
improved. Over the last couple of years you would see a step jump also aided by 
inorganic growth which has been one of the core contributors on the sales growth 
as well as profitability. What this also means is that while on an absolute amount the 
dividend payout has been going up. In terms of payout ratio, the payout ratio which 
used to be about 75% to 80% also coupled with few buybacks which we used to do 
from time to time because the company used to generate a lot of cash by which the 
dividend was paid back to the shareholders. Now that we have a much higher use 
for the cash with acquisitions having funded by debt, we see a drop in the payout 
ratio down to about 33% in this year, while the absolute dividend continues to grow. 
So, therefore, when we look at the balance sheet from being a totally cash surplus 
company as lately as last year FY10 when we end FY11 we have a significant 
amount of debt primarily on account of acquisitions. But having said that we still are 
at a healthy debt equity ratio of about 1:1 which leaves sufficient leverage in terms 
of any future opportunities which may come our way. So what does this mean to the 
company in terms of value creation? The share price CAGR has grown by about 
38% and we can see that the market cap has actually increased 35 times over the 
last 10 years. 
With this I would like to hand the stage back to Mr. Godrej for closing remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you Ganesh. Just to sum up, we feel the fundamentals of the Indian 
economy are positive. Our other key markets, Indonesia, Africa and Latin America 
are also poised for strong growth. As Vivek and Mahendran have shared with you 
we have identified six top priorities that will guide our actions. 1) Core category 
leadership, 2) International growth, 3) Renovation and innovation, 4) Future ready 
sales system, 5) Best in class supply chain, and 6) Agility and professional 
entrepreneurism. 
The year ahead provides us with tremendous opportunities we feel. We are driven 
by the potential with the larger stronger GCPL offers. While there undoubtedly will 
be challenges that we will face, we believe that we have a sound strategy and a 
great management team in place to capture the promise that lies ahead. 
We will now be open for any questions or suggestions you might wish to make.  
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on Salon Selective. We have finalized the 3x3 matrix in terms of 
acquisition; I wanted to understand where does Salon Selective fits in this matrix, 
more from a geography perspective and a product perspective. This brand has not 
been there for the last 8 to 10 years and the geography where it was strong was 

 
Page 13 of 25 
essentially U.K. and Australia. So why we are doing this kind of activation is it 
because we see scaling that up in India and the other emerging countries or is it 
because the brand is cheap? 
A. Mahendran: 
As far as this Salon Selective acquisition in the UK is concerned, we have looked 
at that and it is a more of heritage plan and we are planning to roll out in UK to 
start. But as we progress we would look at India too and other markets of that 
particular brand. As far as the market, why we selected the UK is concerned, it was 
done quite some time back, 5-6 years back when we entered that market. We are 
confident that in UK a particular business we are doing some consolidation 
exercise and it should grow better. 
Adi Godrej: 
You are right that it does not fit in with our 3x3 strategy. The UK acquisition was 
our first international acquisition. It has been doing quite well. So we need to boost 
its operations also and this was a very good opportunity not only to boost the UK 
operations but later on we could bring it into our other geographies such as India 
and Latin America. 
Abneesh Roy: 
On the project Neo, you have mentioned global manufacturing and procurement. 
Does it mean that over time for the same product manufacturing might be in just 
one country, for example, Argentina or say Indonesia? That kind of manufacturing 
can be done from, say, India and vice a versa? Is that the thought process? 
Adi Godrej: 
The project Neo is for integration of Godrej Household Products with Godrej 
Consumer Products. That is the main focus of project Neo, because these are 
basically domestic operations. Each of the company obviously has international 
operations but there is tremendous synergy in the domestic operations both in cost 
cutting and in leveraging each other's strengths. So for example Godrej Household 
Products is very strong in South India, Godrej Consumer Products in North India, 
Godrej Household Products is very strong in chemist channel, Godrej Consumer 
Products is very strong in rural India. The household insecticides category is not 
very strong in rural India. So there are tremendous synergistic benefits. So project 
Neo which was an internal team, helped by McKinsey in the beginning is a project 
to take advantage of these huge synergistic benefits. We have already captured 
some in 2010-2011 we will capture a lot of these benefits in 2011-2012 and some 
may go into 2012-2013 onwards. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thank You. 

 
Page 14 of 25 
Vivek Mavani: 
Something related to your international operations. What kind of cash flow pay 
back would you expect on what you have already invested over the last few years 
or what kind of internal rate of return would you be targeting? Mr. Mahendran laid 
out a plan between 2011-2015, so what would you hope in that sense, or what is 
your internal expectation? 
P. Ganesh: 
When we look at acquisition opportunities, we look at EVA positiveness and EPS 
accretiveness. Now while the acquisitions done during the course of this year have 
been EPS accretive right for India the internal benchmark which is used as the 
acquisition to turn EVA positive over the medium term. When we say medium-term 
it is over a 2 to 3 years’ timeframe. Now having said that, when we look at whether 
it is Indonesia or Latin America they are profitable right from the beginning but 
these are also markets where we see a huge potential in terms of growth. So they 
will also be significant investments which would go into these acquisitions. So while 
in terms of payback if we look at dividend flows that would take longer than 
possibly five years. The whole thought process here is in terms of these 
acquisitions being aides for the growth of the business as well as our own 
presence in those geographies. So all that position which we have done taken 
together has been highly profitable right from the beginning and in fact, they have 
been ahead of expectations I would say. 
Adi Godrej: 
The way we look at it, we can have a CAGR of 10% inorganically from our internal 
accruals in addition to our organic growth. The definition of organic growth, 
anything acquired in the previous year, in the next year it forms part of organic 
growth. So we have targeted 15% to 20% organic growth in our global business 
plus another 10 percentage points of inorganic growth. Now this can be financed 
through internal accruals. If we have to grow inorganically even faster, we may 
have to dilute equity. So we think we can without diluting equity grow at about 25% 
to 30% CAGR. That are approximate figures, they would vary between 25% and 
30%. 
Vivek Mavani: 
My question indirectly was also on return on capital. It is a larger thought process 
as to what kind of internal rate of return would you benchmark to see whether 
acquisition is attractive or not?  
Adi Godrej: 
We look at it from an EVA point of view. If the EVA is positive, we look upon it as 
attractive. In many cases the EVA could be very positive. But the benchmark is 
positive EVA because we take a WACC rate which is, of course, as you know a 
combination of equity and debt cost. If the return is higher than the WACC rate, it is 
positive.  And the WACC rate, changes from year-to-year and we have an EVA 

 
Page 15 of 25 
based variable remuneration for a large part of our employees which is based on 
EVA improvements which has worked extremely well for us. 
Vivek Mavani: 
Thank you. 
Q: 
Could you share some of your thoughts on what kind of a turnover would you 
expect currently which is two-third, one-third domestic and international, over the 
next 3 to 4 years? How would that mix change? 
Adi Godrej: 
That is a little difficult to predict. I think we are pretty agnostic now. It would to a 
certain extent depend on organic growth rates in the international business and the 
domestic business which we think likely to grow at similar rates overall. And also it 
would depend on acquisition opportunities. Now, if a large Indian acquisition would 
come our way then the Indian salience might increase. Correspondingly if there is a 
large international acquisition it could be the other way. But I expect that by and 
large this sort of two-third, one-third is likely to be maintained, it could move up or 
down a little bit and the main thing is developing world and growth orientation, EPS 
accretiveness and EVA positive. 
Q: 
Also if you could share some of the thoughts in terms of the rural penetration 
strategy which you highlighted for the household insecticides. Currently what are 
the penetration levels, how do we see that rural markets shaping up, the value 
chain, and how we would differentiate or penetrate these rural markets? 
A Mahendran: 
The rural penetration in household is pretty low from the category perspective; it is 
only about 25% penetration in rural households. And in terms of consumption it is 
quite low. So if you look at this category it is a pretty new category in India, we just 
started off only in 1985-1987 the beginning of household insecticides and the 
category in India. So it is about 2500 crore today, but mainly the majority turnover 
75% of the consumption comes from the urban India and the urban penetration is 
pretty is good. We are at 75% level in terms of urban. But the rural potential is very 
high, consumption is low, penetration is low, so we are embarking aggressively on 
the rural reach there. But the bottom base of the pyramid what we are looking at 
the household insecticides, we are planning to enter the rural market with the rural-
oriented product which can satisfy the rural household. For example, if you look at 
the liquid vaporizer, which is a major consumption in the urban India if you want to 
take it to the rural, it may not fly there.  
Q: 
Coils as a product category in the rural markets? 

 
Page 16 of 25 
A Mahendran: 
The good consumption of the coil comes from urban India. The reason is again I 
would say the price points of coils today is as high as Rs. 2 per night usage, which 
is pretty high for the rural India. So we are developing coils which can go towards a 
rural household both in terms of to facilitate them how to use as well as the price 
points. 
Adi Godrej: 
We are looking at a lot of forward-looking innovative product formats. 
Q: 
My last question is for the hair color market given the acquisition of the Issue and 
Argencos. How our new products in the funnel in the Indian market? Are we going 
to tap the midsize market, are we trying to create a newer market in the hair color 
category? 
Adi Godrej: 
We have recently relaunched our Expert range which is our main powder hair 
color. Now we are the world's largest manufacturer of powder hair color. This has 
enabled us to penetrate very strongly, not just in India but in other South Asian 
countries, now increasingly penetrating into Africa. Now, we have relaunched this 
in three formats as we have shown. The original one we have renamed it from 
powder hair dye to powder hair color. So this has raised its image, it is a larger 
package; we have raised the price from Rs. 10 to Rs. 12. And they are to other 
formats which we think will help us penetrate the market extremely strongly. One 
is, the natural’s format, and the other one is an advanced format. The advanced 
format becomes a gel when you mix it instead of a liquid, very easy to apply, it 
allows you better coloration and other hair properties and we feel will compete 
quite strongly against even crèmes. So, we are upgrading our powder hair colors 
very strongly through R&D. Some time ago we were the first to introduce perfume 
and conditioner in powder hair colors which continues in the new range. So this will 
enable us to penetrate strongly at the lower end and yet attack the medium end 
very strongly too. And, of course, we will look at more products in the crème range 
too which should come in very soon. So there are very strong innovation platforms 
across the board. Not just household, insecticides and hair color where there is a 
big penetration possibility but even in soap which is one of the most penetrated 
categories, lot of innovation possibilities to help us grow. 
Q: 
So that could mean medicated kind of soaps or newer categories? 
Adi Godrej: 
Well, I will not specifically say anything. We will talk about our new product when it 
is introduced. 

 
Page 17 of 25 
Parag Thakkar: 
My question is regarding debt equity. Since you want to grow at 26% CAGR and 
two years ago when you started this journey there was no debt and now debt is 
slightly higher than your net worth. So going ahead would you stretch this debt-
equity ratio more to say, more than 1.5 times? What is the outer limit you have 
kept? 
Adi Godrej: 
Not only did we have no debt we had a lot of cash on the books. We have 
deployed that. Earlier we had a lot of cash on our books, we were generating a lot 
of cash and we did 9-10 buybacks because we felt that was the best way to 
increase the earnings per share for the continuing shareholders. 4-5 years ago, we 
changed our strategy slightly because we felt acquisitions could add tremendous 
growth in earnings per share. But when there was a sudden market dip in 2009 as 
you know, we did a buyback at that time. So we will concentrate on improving 
earnings per share. We are going to be very careful that debt-equity ratio should 
not go very high. Now what's very high will depend on how we expect equity to also 
grow. Now last year for example, we increased our equity quite considerably 
through internal earnings. We also raised a QIP last year because we felt 
otherwise debt-equity ratio will be high because we had a lot of acquisitions. So 
this will be judged by our board from time-to-time. We will be very prudent about it 
and see that debt equity ratio is not very high. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Thanks a lot sir. 
Q: 
My question is on the inorganic growth that you referred to. If we are looking at 
growing, say, 10% inorganic growth, we are looking at buying consumer goods 
company which is say, at 350 crore and a well-run consumer company in that 
space will probably trade at around two times sales or 1.5 times sales. Now how do 
we meet this through internal accruals and manage that every year? 
Adi Godrej: 
See we worked it out that in some of the developing countries acquisitions are 
available at reasonable EV-to-EBITDA ratios and each year we will add increasing 
amounts to our equity which will enable us to leverage that for some debt and that 
has been taken into account to see how much we can grow. Now it is not a 
sacrosanct figure, if is the cost of the acquisition becomes a little higher than 10% 
might turn out to be 6% or 8%. But over a period of time we think we can do it. And 
we are looking at it from a base of 2010-2011 because we had cash on our books 
at that time. So we feel this is about what we can do without diluting equity. But it 
could be that we end up with only 8%, it is very difficult to be very precise about it 
but these are the approximate figures we think we can do. 

 
Page 18 of 25 
Q: 
In the past our high payout ratios had always kept returns on net worth very high 
and even going forward the greater amount that we retain within the business, it 
becomes a tougher discipline to maintain those returns ratios. It becomes a 
balance of growing the business as well as having a very high efficiency of capital 
when we have stated beforehand that we are going to grow through acquisitions. 
Adi Godrej: 
Yes, that is a bit of a challenge and as we have publicly stated that currently our 
dividend policy will be increasing absolute dividends but diminishing percentage 
dividend. Now, the board can re-look at it later at any particular point of time but 
this is what the board has discussed and feels comfortable with. 
Abneesh Roy: 
I have to follow-up questions on the soap business in India. In Quarter 4 we have 
seen good volume growth come back after a few quarters. In FY12 how does the 
volume growth outlook look taking into account decreasing food inflation, but on the 
other side price hikes in soaps are happening. Do you expect volume growth in 
FY12 to be higher for the industry? I am asking for the industry? For you the first 2 
to 3 quarters the base will be low in FY12, so for the industry what is the volume 
growth? 
Adi Godrej: 
It is a little difficult to answer your question. Soap is one of the only three packaged 
branded categories in the country which are fully penetrated. Only detergents, 
whether powder or cake, toilet soaps and match sticks are fully penetrated 
packaged branded categories. No food category is fully penetrated. So obviously 
growth rate of the category will be limited to population growth, slightly higher 
consumption growth every year and inflation based growth. So we cannot expect 
very high category growth rates. But over the last several years our market share in 
soaps has grown. In the last year or so we did cross a stronger competitive 
situation in the soap business. We cannot foretell how it is going to be going 
forward. One of the reasons why our growth in the first half of the year was low is 
because the base when we had grown very strongly in the same period in the 
previous year. Then our growth in the second half of the previous year was a little 
lower. So we have grown much better in the second half. And because the base 
last year was low we expect very strong growth in this financial year. We have 
started off with a good growth rate in our soap business. So we expect good 
growth rate and over a 3-5 year period we think we will have a faster growth rate 
than the category through share gain. 
A. Mahendran: 
Just to add, the soap volume growth rate for the Quarter 4 is about 9% and the 
value is about 13% whereas the industry category grew only by 1% volume and 

 
Page 19 of 25 
value 6%, this is for the Quarter 4. So we look at that and we are tracking well in 
Quarter 1 for the current year. 
Abneesh Roy: 
In the light of what you have said between the three segments in India, HI, hair 
color and soaps, for the next one or two years in your aggression and focus, in 
terms of ad spends, innovation, and renovation, will it be highest in HI, then hair 
color, and the least in soaps? 
Adi Godrej: 
I am expecting a faster growth in hair color and HI will continue to grow well 
because there is realization after last year’s malaria, dengue, epidemics, there is 
realization both in urban and rural India that for protection of health more and more 
adoption of formal household insecticides products is good for the family so we 
expect a strong growth. And soap for the reason I mentioned that being a very 
penetrated category we expect will be the slowest growing of all our categories. But 
even in soap over the past years we have had a CAGR well into the teens. 
A. Mahendran: 
Category-wise if you look at it there are certain categories specific ATL spends will 
vary. It is not that it should be in a relative sense that in HI we will be spending 
more because the share of voice and the share of expenditure that we have to 
calculate. Whereas in HI we are a market leader in terms of category data. So the 
ATL spends need not be exactly higher than the hair color category. So the spends 
level allocation, when we do that it goes by category specific as well as the market 
share that we have. 
Adi Godrej: 
The other thing that you have to bear in mind is if you look at our three big 
categories they are all reasonably high margin categories, however, hair color is by 
far the highest margin category, household insecticides would be number two, and 
soap would be number three. But they are all strong margin categories. And of 
course, we have smaller categories which vary in their margin profile like liquid 
detergents, talcum powder etc. 
Hitesh Zaveri: 
My question is could you talk about the potential and the challenges of your 3x3 
strategy and by that I specifically mean that if you look at the upside or the benefits 
of that may be in terms of the lifestyle improvement, the per capita income changes 
in this continent and its population growth. If you balance that versus with potential 
of having sub-optimal brand sizes everywhere, lot of your business actually they 
need to be country specific versus PAN-continental businesses. So if you could talk 
about the potential and the challenges of 3x3 strategy? 

 
Page 20 of 25 
Adi Godrej: 
I think the potential is very strong because of the growth in Africa, Africa has turned 
the corner. It was a slow growing economy, slow growing continent from an 
economic point of view but it has changed quite dramatically over the last 2 to 3 
years. Growth rates in Africa are running higher than 5% as governance improves, 
as mineral resources in Africa become more and more valuable, we are expecting 
African growth to accelerate. It is the same with South America. South America 
growth is also accelerating, therefore we feel and Indonesia which is our biggest 
international geography is also because of mineral resources and other reasons 
growing very well. So we feel very optimistic about the growth in these 
geographies. We do not think the average growth in these geographies over the 
next three year period will be as high as in India but it will be a high growth rate. 
And because of our various positions, we have market leadership in many of these 
countries in the categories we are in. We have very strong positions. And another 
thing I would like to highlight is our per capita sales now in Indonesia, in South 
Africa, in Argentina, in Uruguay, for example is higher than our per capita sales in 
India. So we have scale and size and we expect to be able to leverage that for 
strong growth. 
Hitesh Zaveri: 
And challenges? 
Adi Godrej: 
Challenges of course are executional. The opportunity is there. Even in India the 
main challenge is execution. We have a good strategy. We have a good innovation 
and our execution must be strong. And if we can improve our executions regularly 
then achieving our strategic objectives will improve. But I see execution is the main 
challenge in all our businesses. I have seen that over the last 3 to 5 years and 
probably continue in that direction. 
Hitesh Zaveri: 
Just to take this further, it will be most impactful for your business in case you have 
few product categories that have multi-continental relevance. Now how do you 
achieve that given the fact that most of your products are intimate and very 
individual to a customer and to a household and their requirements, their desires, 
their intimacy for a brand would be very different. How would you be able to create 
a few platforms where this will happen and in contrast corollary to that? Do you run 
a risk of running multiple sub-optimal brands in terms of size? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
As Mr. Godrej was saying the brands that we are acquiring are local jewels that are 
actually leaders in their country and have done very well. So the fundamental 
premise of the brands we acquire, first of all tend to be in our three core categories 
where we have a lot of knowledge that we can share in terms of brand 
management, in terms of technology, in terms of manufacturing, and we leverage 

 
Page 21 of 25 
that across the entire portfolio to actually create platforms. Along with that I think 
because these brands are leaders I would challenge the association that they are 
sub-optimal; they are actually very optimal for those geographies. And I think what 
is critical for us is to maintain the balance of allowing these brands to flourish but 
provide the back end support and synergies and not lose the entrepreneurial edge 
which makes this brand very successful in the first place. It is a very unique Godrej 
way of doing it. It is not a MNC way; it is Godrej’s emerging markets FMCG way of 
running these businesses. 
A. Mahendran: 
 See when we talk of sub-optimality in brand, what is relevant is not the brand it is 
the category, we look at the category. And we look at the category potential and 
the growth in those countries or geographies. So our expertise is brand building 
and we have proved that as far as India is concerned.   We have been in soaps as 
well as hair color, we are the pioneers in hair colors today, and we are there for the 
last 30 to 40 years and household insecticide and soap. So if you talk about sub-
optimal position, let us say, Argentina or South Africa our expertise is brand 
building and that is where our core competency is so we will transfer that there, 
which will ensure the growth. 
Q: 
Could you have a Coke or a Colgate Total or a Gillette, one category or one 
product which has appeal across multiple countries and can become large for you. 
Are there any product in your portfolio that can do that on in the future would like to 
do that? 
Adi Godrej: 
I think that typically happens, 50 years into a company's globalization. If you look at 
all the companies that you have named they are at least that old or more in terms 
of globalization. Then that becomes important if you have to advertise in global 
magazines on global television channels then having a focus global brand is 
important. And because this has become a very important factor, what you 
mentioned, to the large global multinationals they are now not as interested in 
acquiring the local jewels that exist. So that gives us an opportunity. And whether 
we promote the Issue brand in South America or the Inecto brand in Africa we are 
quite happy because we do not have to advertise as yet at least in these global 
magazines and in the global television channels. So, for example, the Inecto brand 
is a jewel of our African brand. When we bought Rapidol we had leadership in 
about eight countries in Africa, now we have leadership in 14 countries in Africa 
and we are almost adding a couple of countries every year. We have taken our 
powder hair color technology into Africa but in the Inecto brand. It is even exported 
from India, manufactured in India, in the Inecto brand into Africa. So we are able to 
leverage these benefits of technology but the local strong brand is also leveraged 

 
Page 22 of 25 
and that is why our position would be a little different from the Unilever’s or Proctor 
and Gamble’s or L’Oreal’s or the world. 
Varun Kejriwal: 
 You just spoke about Lever’s and Proctor and Gamble. Now both these 
companies have really become incredibly aggressive compared to what has 
historically been seen of them in emerging markets. Just wanted some sense how 
they have reacted in India so we have seen tremendous intensity here. But what 
we also seeing in Africa and Latin America, have you seen any change in 
competitive intensity given that these markets are now growing significantly as well. 
Adi Godrej: 
Competitive aggressiveness in FMCG has been there through the decades. You 
might see a company or two become more aggressive at a point of time and that 
happens especially when the geography you are talking about is doing very well. 
And what has happened in the case of some of the multinationals over the last two 
or three years because the slowdown in the West, their growth rates in their home 
geographies have been rather low. So they have become more aggressive in some 
of the developing countries. But Indian companies such as ours have continued to 
do extremely well in the face of such aggressiveness. And in some of the other 
countries we see it in some countries, we do not in others. In some countries the 
multinationals are growing at a reasonably fast pace, in some they are not, so it 
varies from geography to geography. So India is a country almost everybody wants 
to grow in, Brazil is another such country. 
A. Mahendran: 
Just want to add, on the category of household insecticides the global leaders are 
S C Johnson and Reckitt Benckiser these are the two players, and as far as Godrej 
is concerned we are dealing with them for the last 15-20 years in India. Both S C 
Johnson is here, with a brand called All Out and Reckitt Benckiser’s Mortein here. 
So dealing with them at a competitive intensity in India is already there. So now 
when we have entered into Indonesia we acquired the insecticide business, so the 
intensity in which the reaction of S C Johnson’s present there in Indonesia we were 
able to manage that because we are quite acclimatized to that as far as India is 
concerned. 
Varun Kejriwal: 
When we look at the product portfolio now typically over time Godrej has played in 
the mid-tier segment, just want to understand whether you are incrementally going 
forward looking at playing in the lower and top tier or whether broadly you want to 
continue focusing on the mid-tier a part? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
As a market leader in some of these categories over time we do have to straddle 
all segments and so I think over time as categories in India premiumise so shall 

 
Page 23 of 25 
we, giving consumers more reasons to buy our products and adding more features 
and benefits and at the same time there is a fair amount of growth in rural India and 
we have to get our price value proposition right for that particular segment. At the 
end of the day we are a value for money provider, providing the best value for a 
particular price point and that the definition of value will change for a lower-priced 
consumer to a sub-premium consumer and over time we do intend to address the 
needs of all of those segments. As a market leader we have to be able to do that. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
The first question is that we saw in the presentation you have reported goodwill 
entry as Rs. 1,590 crore. Would you be able to share how this goodwill entry will be 
treated in times to come? This Rs. 1,590 crore goodwill entry which is there what 
the thought on that is, how are we going to write off or it will remain?  
P. Ganesh: 
Under the Indian GAAP you do not need to write-off goodwill. Good will is 
something which comes in on consolidation when we have subsidiaries. Typically 
in FMCGs you essentially pay value for the brand, so the fixed asset per say in the 
company would be quite limited which translates in the form of goodwill. And in the 
books these don’t need to be written-off. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My next question is that a quick observation and we have been hearing to Mr. 
Godrej and Mr. Mahendran, last five odd quarters we have been seeing that in the 
hair color segment we have been looking at an opportunity to build up the premium 
end and unfortunately now we are seeing the market share has dropped to 29%, is 
there a clear thought process by re-launching expert hair dye will give us the lead 
and in some time can we expect the increase in market share? 
Adi Godrej: 
Yes, we definitely expect a considerable increase in the market share.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
On the Neo strategy how much work is still left and when do you see the strategies 
showing the numbers in terms of profitability and revenue?  
Adi Godrej: 
I think in Neo most of the conceptual work has already been done. Now it is 
executional, so the benefits from execution are gradually coming.  
A. Mahendran: 
The synergies, there are two parts; one is the cost synergy the other one is the 
value creation on the merger. In the presentation I have already informed that we 
are looking at Rs.1500 to Rs. 2000 crore in terms of top line revenue growth in the 
next 3-4 years because of this merger and on the costs side about Rs.200- Rs.250 
crore by FY2015. 

 
Page 24 of 25 
Manoj Menon: 
Couple of questions on the household insecticide business in India. One, just saw 
in one of the slides about the good market shares gains which you had in the last 
year in this category, just want to understand to know what is the dynamic which 
has paid out in the market which has helped you and probably if you can share in 
which segment that has actually driven this. Is it coils or mats? Some 
understanding on what is driving this market share gains that is point number one. 
Point number two, when I look at the historical growth rates of the insecticide 
business compared with the penetration levels in India kind of it compares is very 
similar to some of the personal care categories, but the competitive intensity what 
you actually are seeing in the insecticide business is very different from what you 
are actually finding let’s say in a skin care or a or a shampoo. So what is so 
fundamentally different about this business is it technology, is it distribution or it is 
just branding? 
A. Mahendran: 
HI as a category is pretty small even today. The Rs 2500 crore is not the right size 
for India. Actually as on today our category should be somewhere between Rs. 
4000 to Rs. 5000 crore in terms of consumption in India. But I would say the 
number of players in this particular segment is fairly decent. We are having only 
about three players in this segment. But then we took a pioneer leadership status 
and we have very high level technology and we're one of the largest in the world, 
research facility we have in India when compared to the number one player who 
has some facility in US. So if you look at Asia our research asset is very good and 
we look at innovation as a major driver in terms of, HI market share from 33% exit 
last year and then going to 38%, primarily driven by innovation in the last year what 
we did and we intend to continue that strength. And there we feel that we are pretty 
aggressive on innovation on that. As I said earlier that category itself is not big, for 
a country like Indonesia if we look at the per capita or per night usage Indonesia is 
much ahead of even India today, if you look at the usage part, India is much more 
backward, China is much ahead so I see that is one of the reason why when we 
compared to the personal, as Mr. Godrej said, the maturity level of those 
categories are much higher in personal wash. It is similar like household I look at 
hair color also the category size is pretty small. 
Manoj Menon: 
Actually the context in which I was trying to understand that if you look at shampoo 
every three years we would actually see some aggressive price cuts despite the 
fact that it is not really such a highly penetrated category, so probably a player is 
taking a call that you are willing to take losses for a while but you would probably 
make better money once you have the market shares. Now when I look at the HI 
category you actually have three players with similar sort of market shares not 

 
Page 25 of 25 
really too much of difference. Is there anything fundamentally which is very 
different; is it something like let us say regional strength or it is the brand strength? 
Adi Godrej: 
No first of all I think your premise that the similar market share is not correct. 
Because our market share is almost twice as much that of our nearest competitor 
in household insecticide. And number two and number three are pretty similar in 
market share. So we are way ahead. In hair color also we are leading but the 
difference between us and number two is smaller than it is in household 
insecticides. And I think as Mr. Mahendran mentioned we have driven our 
household insecticides business not only to high growth and high share through 
tremendous innovation and thanks to our R&D team. My personal view is our best 
innovations are yet to come. 
A. Mahendran: 
Just to add to that, in this category of household insecticide, the highest profit 
appropriator among the three players in competition is Godrej Consumer Products. 
We look at profit appropriation of a category, we are the highest and we are 
sustaining that for the last 20 years, it is not just only now appropriation of the 
category profit. And that is basically because of the fundamental premise and the 
philosophy we do not go and believe in discounting. In the last quarter we got a 
feedback from Hindustan Lever there was a good amount of discounting going on 
in soaps and of course the volume growth has been projected there with that, but 
we do not believe in that. 
Adi Godrej: 
Also one good thing in the household insecticides category is thanks to the malaria, 
Dengue fears, the Commonwealth games, Dengue being put on to television all the 
time etc. the growth rate of the category has been good. So when your competitors 
are growing reasonably well the competitive intensity tends to be a little less.   
Thank You. 
 
