 
Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q1 FY2012 Results Conference Call Transcript 
August 4, 2011 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Industries 
conference call. As a reminder, for the duration of this conference, all 
participants‟ lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today‟s presentation. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing „*‟ and then „0‟ on your touchtone telephone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej Industries‟ 
Q1 FY2012 results conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi Godrej, 
Chairman of Godrej Industries, Mr. Nadir Godrej, Managing Director, Mr. 
Pirojsha Godrej, Executive Director of Godrej Properties, Mr. Balram 
Yadav, Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet and Mr. V. Srinivasan, CFO & 
Company Secretary of the Company. 
 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management. 
Following which, we will open the forum to answer any questions you have. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in this 
call may be forward looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been sent 
out in the conference call invite. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make his opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej: 
Thank you. I welcome you to Godrej Industries conference call to discuss 
GIL‟s operating and financial performance for the first quarter ended June 
30, 2011. It gives me pleasure to share with you that the performance 
during the first quarter of financial year 2011-12 has been very encouraging 
across verticals. Our business structure, which is a unique combination of 
operating businesses and strategic investments, is not only highly value 
accretive for the Company but also enables us to consistently enhance 
shareholder wealth. 
 
This time, let me begin by taking you through the key developments at 
Godrej Agrovet, which operates our agri-related businesses including 
animal feed, agri inputs and oil palm plantations. This has been one of the 
best quarters for Godrej Agrovet as all the business verticals delivered 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 2 of 13 
significant growth in revenues and profitability. The oil palm business did 
exceedingly well during the quarter reporting a revenue growth of 159%. 
Production of Fresh Fruit Bunches increased substantially on account of 
higher yield from maturing plantations. Hence, softening CPO prices didn‟t 
impact the performance of this segment. I am pleased to announce that we 
have now been given allocations in Sangli, Kolhapur and Sindhudurg 
districts of Maharashtra. As the existing plantations mature and we add 
acreages under cultivation, we expect volumes to expand continuously. A 
combination of progressive government policies and a strong in-house 
execution capability will work favourably and we are confident of reporting 
superior performance going forward. 
 
The animal feeds business also delivered healthy growth as feeds volumes 
increased strongly by 16%. The cattle feed segment has strong prospects 
as fodder is becoming scarce and grazing grounds are getting limited. We 
see an exciting opportunity in this space and to best exploit this we are 
fortifying existing brands while also launching new products and brands to 
maximize value. Our new products, namely Super Star Broiler Feed and 
Summer Kool, a Cattle Feed additive, have both received encouraging 
response from the market. 
 
In this quarter, the agri-inputs segment registered a 63% increase in sales 
as compared to the corresponding quarter last year, as the demand for 
existing products has been very strong. 
 
Coming to our oleo-chemicals business - during the quarter, this segment 
witnessed a growth of 28% aided by strong growth in the fatty acids and 
fatty alcohols segments. Exports too grew significantly, further adding to the 
top-line. As we continue to focus on shifting the revenue mix in favour of 
specialty chemicals, we expect to report healthy margins during the year. I 
am pleased to mention here that during the quarter our new R&D Centre 
was recognized by the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, 
Ministry of Science and Technology, Government of India. 
 
Moving on to our FMCG business, represented by Godrej Consumer 
Products where we have about 21.6% equity stake – GCPL reported a 40% 
growth in revenues and 94% growth in Net profit during the quarter. In this 
quarter of financial year 2011-12, Godrej Consumer Products acquired 
rights for a 51% stake in pan-Africa leading hair care company, “Darling 
Group Holdings”. This acquisition is strategic in terms of providing access in 
Africa where it is a market leader in hair extension products and a pioneer 
of the category in the region. The quarter also had several launches and re-
launches across business, which was backed by sizeable marketing 
investments. We expect these launches to be key growth drivers going 
ahead. 
 
GCPL‟s household insecticide category delivered another quarter of robust 
growth. We realized 40% domestic sales growth, growing more than twice 
the pace of category growth. Our domestic soaps business grew by 17% for 
the quarter, again growing more than twice the pace of category growth. 
We grew by 9% in volume terms in a category which has actually de-grown 
in this quarter. This is the second consecutive quarter of strong soaps sales 
growth. The domestic hair colourant business continues to do well and 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 3 of 13 
grew by 19% during the quarter. I am also happy to share with you that 
international business revenue, comprising about 36% of GCPL‟s 
consolidated revenues, almost doubled during the quarter as compared to 
the corresponding quarter last year. 
Our properties business, Godrej Properties, where we have a 70.6% equity 
stake, reported a strong quarter as total income grew by 83% on a y-o-y 
basis in what has been a difficult quarter for the real estate sector. Godrej 
Properties booking value this quarter improved by 70% to Rs. 233 crore as 
compared to Rs. 137 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. Our 
major residential projects continued to see good momentum in the quarter 
where Godrej Garden City Phase 3, Ahmedabad and Godrej Prakriti in 
Kolkata reported healthy sales. GPL continues to leverage its joint 
development model and has signed deals for residential projects at 
Chembur, (in Mumbai), Thane and Hyderabad, the latter two with our sister 
Company, Godrej & Boyce. I am happy to announce that Godrej Properties 
was named among the “Most Trusted Names” in the Real Estate industry 
and “India‟s Best Marketed Real Estate Company” 2011 by 4Ps Business 
and Marketing. As we continue to capitalize on the „Godrej‟ brand in 
conjunction with a proven joint development model, we expect strong 
performance in FY2012 on the back of planned launches and new business 
development deals. 
 
As a group, we have embraced the concept of shared value, wherein we 
strive, through our policies and operating practices, to enhance the 
competitiveness of our businesses while simultaneously advancing the 
economic and social conditions in the communities in which we operate. 
We are implementing a Group wide initiative called „Godrej Good and 
Green‟ for building a more inclusive and greener India by 2020. Under this 
initiative we intend training one million urban and rural youth in skilled 
employment and ensure their employability, create a greener India by 
achieving zero waste, positive water balance, using 30% renewable energy 
sources, etc and having a third of our portfolio revenues from good and/or 
green products and services. 
 
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights. During the 
quarter, our consolidated total income increased by 32% to Rs. 1,333 crore 
from Rs. 1,011 crore during the same quarter last year; Net Profit stood at 
Rs. 71 crore, up from Rs. 49 crore, an increase of 46%. The performance 
delivered by Godrej Industries is reflective of the efficacy of our strategy for 
growth - „CREATE‟, which remains central to strategic decision making at 
the consolidate level. The strategy focuses on harnessing the full potential 
of our four core businesses, enabling a transformation across the group 
and incubating businesses for the future. 
 
To conclude, I would like to say that we are well equipped to capitalize on 
the growth opportunities that each of our businesses present. As we 
continue to work towards repositioning and enhancing the Godrej brand, 
the overall scenario looks encouraging and exciting. 
 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to take your suggestions 
and answer any questions that you have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Principal 
PNB Asset Management Co. Ltd., please go ahead. 
Arjun Khanna: 
My first question is in terms of the Animal Feed business, in terms of 
volume growth you have mentioned, 16%, is it possible to give us a sense 
of which categories have grown, say, between poultry, cattle and aqua? 
 
Actually I have a multiple; the second part out here on the Animal Feed 
business itself, was the capital employed in this business was close to Rs. 
81 crore this quarter and I was wondering what is the return on capital 
employed for this business given that it has a very high capital employed. Is 
this a date issue, as in, on that date the capital was so high or could you 
give us some color on that? 
Balram Yadav: 
All segments in the Animal Feed business have grown, but the maximum 
growth has come from the aqua feed business, because as you know the 
shrimp and the fish feed business is reasonably seasonal, and most of the 
activity is in the last quarter of the financial year and the first quarter of the 
financial year. But poultry, cattle and poultry layer and broiler all have 
registered more than 10% growth. 
V. Srinivasan: 
On the capital employed, of course, the business is spending on expansion 
of capacity, the capital has increased but still the RoCE for the quarter is 
over 130%, so that‟s pretty good for the business. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Great. Hearting to hear that. My second question is in the oil palm 
business, could you give us a sense of the quantity of FFB for this quarter? 
V. Srinivasan: 
It has grown 83% over the previous quarter 
Balram Yadav: 
There is a growth of 83% in volumes over the previous quarter. 
Arjun Khanna: 
If you could give us some color on the status of Godrej Hershey, there is a 
lot of talk of, as you would have read in the newspapers, we did send and 
communicate to the stock exchange do we maintain that, has there been a 
further update? 
Adi Godrej: 
No, there is no development. There were some newspaper articles, which 
were totally without basis, so we have mentioned that we don‟t comment on 
speculative reports and there is no change as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Grishma Shah from 
Envision Capital, please go ahead. 
Grishma Shah: 
Sir, the question pertains to your agri business - it is particularly related to 
the launch of the seed and the drip irrigation business that you plan to 
launch. Can you tell us what are the initiatives and what are the plans there 
for us? 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 5 of 13 
Balram Yadav: 
I will take the seed business first. We have already started the company 
which will be a vehicle for the seed business, which is called Godrej Seeds 
& Genetics Limited. We have already put in place a technical tie-up with a 
germplasm company called ProFarm and we will be multiplying corn seeds 
and selling. 
Our focus will be the three important crops: Corn, rice and bajra, which is 
also called the pearl millet. So this is the focus for this business and we are 
trying to recruit the leadership team right now and the activity in this 
business will start from the coming season, which is the rabi of 2011-12. 
On the Drip Irrigation business, we want to focus on purely drip irrigation, 
which is we will not be venturing into sprinkler and other micro irrigation 
businesses, and we also plan to have a joint venture with an Israeli 
company, talks are underway, the MoU has been signed, and we plan to 
finish the signing of agreements and announce this business before the end 
of this quarter. 
Grishma Shah: 
You said the technical tie-up is with which company for the seed business? 
Balram Yadav: 
There is a company called ProFarm. This company is headed by a breeder 
from Pioneer Seeds, a gentlemen who had worked in Pioneer Seeds for 40 
years, they do a lot of research in US as well as India, particularly in corn 
seeds. 
Grishma Shah: 
So all of these are hybrid seeds, right? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes it is. 
Grishma Shah: 
What kind of capital are you putting in and what kind of growth are you 
seeing in this seed business in particular, what is the market looking like? 
Adi Godrej: 
Capital requirement may vary from time to time. None of the businesses in 
the Agrovet sector are very capital intense. 
Grishma Shah: 
When you have chosen corn, rice, and bajra as your three key crops, what 
is the reason behind it? What is the kind of market in these three crops, 
particularly? 
Balram Yadav: 
These three crops, the market size is about Rs. 1500 crore put together. 
The second thing is that if you take bajra, which is a very, very Indian crop 
and most of the research, etc. is done in India. So that is one opportunity 
we have. In case of corn, corn has a lot of variability. And India, if you see 
is a conglomerate of several agro climatic conditions and no company can 
give all the solutions required in corn in India. So there are very profitable 
niches depending on different agro climatic conditions and we have 
identified several of them. So we will be focusing on them. 
Grishma Shah: 
And what kind of growth do you see in this market? How is the market 
growing currently - the Rs. 1500 crore market? 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 6 of 13 
Balram Yadav: 
Seeds market totally, if you take all the seeds put together, it is about Rs. 
6,000 crore, and it is growing at a CAGR of 20%. 
Grishma Shah: 
Is it because it is at a very nascent stage in India and that is the reason you 
are seeing this kind of a growth? 
Balram Yadav: 
Since we are starting the business, I believe that our growth rate will be 
much, much higher than the industry growth rate. 
Grishma Shah: 
Yes that I understand.  
Balram Yadav: 
Our plan is to reach top five leadership positions in all three categories in 
the three years time. And I think when we hold this conference in another 
three to six months time, we will be able to give you a number of that also. 
Grishma Shah: 
Okay and on the Drip Irrigation side, what are we exactly going to be, you 
said you will not do sprinklers, then what will you do? 
Balram Yadav: 
This is the proper drip irrigation, which is the more sophisticated part of 
micro irrigation system. It is technology driven, that is why we want to play 
in this segment. It is largely retail, whereas sprinkler and rest of the 
irrigation are more institutional and the biggest institution is government, 
point number one. Point number two, is that the penetration of drip irrigation 
is very, very low. It has been identified by the Government of India, that 
about 50 to 70 million hectares can have this kind of a drip irrigation 
system. Current penetration is at about 3.5 million hectares. And I am 
sharing the government data with you. And the plan of the government is 
that in the next three years, they want this penetration to go to about 17 
million hectares. So we saw a very big opportunity and we also see that 
both central government and state government is supporting this initiative. 
As you must be knowing that subsidies in this area have been ramped up 
year-after-year. 
Grishma Shah: 
I understand that it is the most sophisticated part of the micro irrigation and 
we will be targeting retail, so the subsidies, etc. would play an important 
role in driving the demand on conversion or no? 
Balram Yadav: 
The answer is yes, but let me just tell you what is the lower hanging fruit in 
this business for us. We are planting about 6,000 to 8,000 hectares of oil 
palm every year and at least 2,500 to 3,000 hectares every year, we are 
helping farmers source the drip irrigation system from the other operators. 
So we believe, that once we come up with this business, we will be able to 
capture that segment of the market quickly. 
Grishma Shah: 
On the Agri Input side, I just want to know a little bit more about your 
product that you have shared with us in the slide, which is Hitweed, what is 
that product? 
Balram Yadav: 
Hitweed is a product which we have in-house developed. We have been 
working on it for last several years and it was only three years ago, we 
commercialized this product. It is a cotton herbicide and last year in the first 
quarter we sold about 29 KL and the last quarter, we have already tripled 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 7 of 13 
the volumes. So we believe that this product has a great potential in future. 
One of the things required is chemical herbicides are becoming important. It 
is because weeding with the current labour cost is not very economical. 
Grishma Shah: 
You also mentioned new products pipeline in this particular segment, would 
it target only cotton or you will have other crops? 
Balram Yadav: 
We are targeting rice for our future herbicide initiative and we are targeting 
a lot of horticultural crops also for our future initiative. So we have an R&D 
pipeline and every two-years we will be bringing a product, which will be, I 
would say a very good product for that particular category. 
Grishma Shah: 
Our realizations or are your margin in this segment competitive, or in line 
with what the competitors are earning in the market, you have few listed 
players also in this segment, right? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yeah, so our margins have more than doubled in the Agri Input business. 
So that gives you some sense of what our margins are. 
Grishma Shah: 
 And lastly on the Godrej Tyson Yummiez, what is this product? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yummiez is value-added chicken and vegetarian products. They are ready-
to-cook, ready-to-eat products. The market is growing rapidly and we are 
also growing much faster than the market. Last year, we registered a 
growth of about 70%. We have already invested in the enhancement of 
capacity for these products in Bangalore. We believe that because of a lot 
of changes in the macro environment, particularly the advent of modern 
retail, this can handle the complex frozen supply chain, we believe that this 
business will grow rapidly and the salience of this business will grow rapidly 
in the total salience of our chicken business. We have recently launched 
two products which you should try, one is seekh kabab for the non-
vegetarian friends and one is Delhi Chat for our vegetarian friends. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshit Shah from SBICAP 
Securities Ltd., please go ahead.  
Akshit Shah: 
My first question is on the chemicals space. During the current quarter we 
have seen some reduction in margins, from let us say Q4 it was 35% and it 
has come down to 19% in this quarter. So is it purely because of the lower 
contribution from fatty alcohol? 
V. Srinivasan: 
Essentially, as we had given in our analyst presentation, we incurred about 
Rs. 6 crore on account of shutdown maintenance expenditure in this 
quarter. That was not there in quarter four. If you add that back you would 
get a better sense of what could be the margin. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Both the alcohol plants were shut down during the quarter, so all the annual 
expense was incurred in this quarter. 
Akshit Shah: 
Sir, on the Hershey business, when do we see some new launches from 
the Hershey segment? We have been launching from the Mahalacto side, 
but on the Hershey side, do we see some new launches in recent future? 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 8 of 13 
Adi Godrej: 
Yes, we will have newer launches on the Hershey products also. And it‟s a 
major operation, so planning is going on. 
Akshit Shah: 
Sir on the Hitweed side, what is the manufacturing capacity right now? 
Because it has seen some very good growth. 
Balram Yadav: 
We can manufacture about 200 KL and the capacity is under expansion 
right now. 
Akshit Shah: 
Okay so what would be CapEx requirement for that? 
Balram Yadav: 
I don‟t remember it, but it is not very substantial. 
Adi Godrej: 
None of the CapEx in the Agrovet business is very high. They are low 
CapEx businesses by and large. 
Akshit Shah: 
Sir, our Animal Feed and oil palm plantation business has seen a very good 
growth during the quarter, so can we expect such a quarter for the whole 
year compared to the last year? 
Balram Yadav: 
In the Animal Feed business, normally, the first half of the year is not the 
season. So the quarter-on-quarter performance is likely to improve as we 
go through the year. In the oil palm business, it is a seasonal business, 
almost 75% of the business will happen in the first half of the year. I agree, 
that we have gained because of high oil prices, but the strong fundamental 
of this business is also the fact that only 10% of our 40,000 hectare area is 
mature. Almost 20% is juvenile, which is going to mature in future years 
and we have seen in the last quarter 83% growth in our volumes of FFB 
over the first quarter or last year. I strongly feel on a year-on-year basis, 
you will see these kinds of numbers next year also.  
Akshit Shah: 
Sir in our balance sheet, the investment figure has risen by 10% during this 
quarter. It has increased from Rs. 790 crore to Rs. 870 crore. Is it only 
primary related to the GPL part or some other things as well? 
V. Srinivasan: 
Yes, mainly GPL **. 
Akshit Shah: 
During the quarter? 
V. Srinivasan: 
Yes and that could be some investment in Godrej Properties subsidiary.  
Akshit Shah: 
Sir, during the quarter, our asset and property development segment, there 
also margins come down to around 19-odd per cent. Is it purely because of 
Godrej Properties? Does it have something else as well, which is related 
with the rental income at the Vikhroli site? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
That margin which you mentioned at 19% is the Godrej Properties margin, 
which has reduced from the corresponding quarter in the previous financial 
year, because that quarter had some private equity which was not the case 
for this quarter. We do expect margins for the full year to improve. 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 9 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arunabh Chaudhari from 
Morgan Stanley India Co. Pvt. Ltd., please go ahead. 
Arunabh C.: 
I have one question regarding Godrej Properties. There were a couple of 
press articles today regarding the BKC deal closure. Just wanted to get 
your inputs on the same. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
You know the deal has not been finalized. As soon as any deal is finalized 
we are obligated to inform the stock exchanges and we would of course 
release all the details of the deal. The report saying that it has been 
finalized is erroneous. 
Arunabh C.: 
Alright, is it expected sometime soon? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. 
Arunabh C.: 
And just one question, it does not pertain directly to the deal, I just wanted 
to understand, this is regarding a 2.5 acre land parcel that Jet has right? 
And do they additionally have another 1.5 acres in BKC or I am getting 
something wrong here? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
We would not want to speak about any of the specifics of the deal, but Jet 
does have two separate parcels of land in BKC, that is correct. 
Moderator: 
Thanks. The next question is from the line of Swapna Kamat from Siddhesh 
Capital Market Services Pvt. Ltd., please go ahead. 
Swapna Kamat: 
Sir my question is related to palm oil business. I just wanted to understand 
where in our consolidated segmental breakup, where do palm oil business 
reflect into, does it reflect into the vegetable oil category? 
Balram Yadav: 
No, it‟s part of the others category. 
Swapna Kamat: 
The second question was - your palm oil margins are upwards of almost 
25% for the full year FY11. So, I just wanted to understand that being a 
crusher, how do you manage to earn such high margin given that some 
other businesses like soya, mustard, etc. even the branded category don‟t 
earn margins upwards of 10-12%, so what is the value add here? Is that 
you are doing different, that we manage to maintain such good margins? I 
understand that we are to an extent backward integrated because of the 
palm tie-ups we have. I just wanted to understand from you as to what 
drives the EBITDA margin in the palm oil business? 
Balram Yadav: 
There are two components to this. One is that definitely the price has been 
very good. Second is that we are extremely efficient in crushing because 
we produce our own electricity, we have our own co-generation plant, and it 
is an energy intensive process. And we produce a lot of biomass which is 
used in our boilers, and which is used to produce electricity also. Our 
crushing costs are much, much lower than a lot of people who are in this 
business. 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 10 of 13 
Adi Godrej: 
But you can‟t compare this with soyabean or sunflower as you have 
mentioned because here we are allotted districts and the crushing can only 
be done by us and government sets the prices for fresh fruit bunches and 
we provide a lot of services to the farmers in growing the oil palm, which 
does not have to be done in soyabean or sunflower. So, it‟s a totally 
different business from crushing other oils. 
Swapna Kamat: 
Okay and secondly, also these margins, is there any room for improvement 
or these are the kind of margins we should expect over the coming years 
also? What is the room for improvement? What is the volatility in the margin 
do you see or any risk to the margin which may come in? 
Adi Godrej: 
The margin will continue to be good. It will vary depending on the 
circumstances from quarter-to-quarter, but the big impact in this business 
will be the increasing volumes, because of the very large hectarage already 
planted and the growth in the hectarage we expect the volumes in this 
business to grow dramatically, over the next 5 to 10 years. So that will add 
to the strong profit growth rather than margin increases. 
Swapna Kamat: 
If you could give me the CapEx guidance for the Godrej Agrovet business 
for over next two years and on what segments, I mean what businesses are 
these CapEx? 
Adi Godrej: 
We would not like to give specific CapEx guidance, but as I mentioned few 
minutes ago, this is not a very CapEx-driven business, the CapEx is not 
high relative to the growth in the business. So if you take depreciation and 
interest on CapEx, it‟s not the major cost of this business. 
Swapna Kamat: 
 On the Agri Input segment, sir where is this segment reflected into the 
segmental revenue? 
V. Srinivasan: 
It‟s a part of others. 
Swapna Kamat: 
 If you could just give some broad picture as to how this business will shape 
up because for the full year FY11, I guess it did some Rs. 159 crore, if I am 
not wrong. So I just wanted to understand that over the next 3-4 years, how 
will this whole segment look like given that the whole Agri Input space is so 
huge and where do we see ourselves over the next 3-4 years? 
Balram Yadav: 
In the first quarter, our top-line growth has been over 60%, but I also wish 
to mention that this is a seasonal business and we do almost 70% of our 
business in the first half of the year. Going by the kind of products which we 
are marketing and the kind of new product pipeline we have, I am extremely 
sure that we will be able to maintain a very high growth in this business in 
future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from IIFL, 
please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
I was just hoping to get your thoughts on the micro irrigation business. 
Government subsidies seem to have lengthened in terms of the time taken 
to be paid out and we have seen a significant working capital elongation for 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 11 of 13 
one of the big listed companies in that space. So just wondering if you 
could comment about how the situation is there and whether you see that 
as a constraint on the industry‟s growth at all in the future?  
Balram Yadav: 
I agree that the micro irrigation business particularly, when you talk about 
sprinkler, drip irrigation everything, is a very, very subsidy dependent 
business, but it is also important that which segment you wish to play and 
that is a strategy issue. You can get very significant volumes in the 
government business in this category, but you should also look at certain 
multinational players who exist in this category, who do almost 100% of the 
business in retail, and they do not have that kind of Capital employed which 
the other players have, who operate in the government category. So it is 
the strategy which will determine what kind of capital employed we have 
and we also believe that our focus will also be retail. As I said earlier, that 
our captive demand in this, will come from our oil palm farmers initially. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Any volume or hectarage targets that we have over the next three to five 
years? 
Balram Yadav: 
It is too early to give these numbers. We are still in the process of business 
planning. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Right but when you mentioned the retail market, this will basically be the 
farmers buying from dealerships, but with government subsidy support? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshit Shah from SBICAP 
Securities Ltd., please go ahead. 
Akshit Shah: 
Hi sir, just a follow-up question. Sir, can you just help me in understanding 
the seasonality factor, which can affect our various business of Godrej 
Agrovet? Just like you last time mentioned oil palm business, first half is 
very good for palm plantation business than the second half. If you can just 
help me in understanding the other two business as well of Godrej Agrovet? 
Balram Yadav: 
I will start with oil palm. Most of the fruiting happens from May to 
September onward. So almost 70% or 75% of the business happens during 
that time. In the Agri Input business, you know that kharif is one and half 
times than rabi, and so is our business. And our main product which is 
Hitweed is in cotton ,which is a kharif crop. The biggest consumer of Agri 
Inputs are cotton, paddy, which are all kharif crops. So that is why there is a 
huge seasonality in our Agri Input business. The Animal Feed business, a 
big consumption of animal protein including milk and chicken egg happen 
during the second half of the year. That is from October to February-March. 
Because that is also the festival time and also considered the cooler time in 
the country. So this is the seasonality in all three of our business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Rohra from Quest 
Investment Advisors Pvt. Ltd., please go ahead. 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 12 of 13 
Deepak Rohra: 
I just wanted to get some sense on this three-way MoU that has been 
signed between Godrej Properties, Godrej Industries and Godrej & Boyce. 
If I understand correctly, the rental income from the property which is 
already there, is getting reflected in the Godrej Industries account today. 
And as development happens in „The Trees‟ project, it is likely to get shifted 
to Godrej Properties. Now the land is probably owned by Godrej & Boyce. 
Post development, will there be any shift or change in the lease deal with 
Godrej & Boyce or will it continue to remain the way it is today? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
The way this deal is structured is that Godrej Industries and Godrej 
Properties have an LLP with 40% and 60% stake respectively. That LLP will 
pay Godrej & Boyce an annual lease for the land. That lease amount will go 
up from a couple of crores now to at the peak in about 7 years to about Rs. 
40 crore and then thereafter will increase by 15% every three years, which 
is a pretty nominal amount compared to the value of lease we expect to 
generate from the property, but it‟s a two way LLP between Godrej 
Industries and Godrej Properties which would pay a pre-decided lease 
amount to Godrej & Boyce. 
Deepak Rohra: 
Okay, so this starts in phases or the effective date becomes what? From 
the time you start handing over property to the occupier of the property or 
how does it work? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Do you mean the effective date on the lease? 
Deepak Rohra: 
Yes, that‟s right. The changes that you spoke about, you said that it is likely 
to go up from about a couple of crores to about Rs. 40-odd crore in 7 years‟ 
time. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, so we have staggered the development and looked at the phasing of 
the development and when various pieces of the development are going to 
be coming on line, according to that and according to the income we expect 
to generate from that the lease amount is going up. So today, as I said, it 
was already a preexisting lease with Godrej & Boyce, that was about Rs. 
1.5 crore a year and pieces of the development get complete and as lease 
income starts coming in, that amount will go up gradually over the next 6 
years. 
Deepak Rohra: 
Okay so what are you saying is that the amount remains fixed. It is not 
linked to the lease income that GPL would earn. GPL could possibly be 
increasing the lease rentals every 2-3 years, but your amount remains fixed 
for the first seven years or it gets wrapped up in 7 years time? It‟s not like a 
revenue share model. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
It‟s not linked in any way to the actual leases that we get from the market, 
but it does go up over the next six years and then there is a 15% increase  
every three years beyond that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
floor over to the management for closing comments. 

Godrej Industries – Q1 FY2012 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 13 of 13 
Adi Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions 
satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more 
about the company, we would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you 
once again for taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Godrej Industries that concludes this conference.  
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
** corrected based on the question. 
 
 
