 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Investor & Analyst Meet Transcript 
June 21, 2011 
 
 
 
Anoop Poojari 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and a very 
warm welcome on behalf of Godrej Industries. We have with us on the dais Mr. Adi 
Godrej – Chairman of Godrej Industries, Mr. Nadir Godrej – Managing Director, Ms. 
Tanya Dubash – Executive Director and President (Marketing) of the group, Mr. 
Balram Yadav – Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet, and Mr. V. Srinivasan – 
CFO and Company Secretary of the Company. We are also joined by senior 
members of the Godrej Group in the front row. 
We would like to begin the session with the presentation by the Company, following 
which will have a Q&A session, after which the management will be happy to carry 
on with the discussion over high tea I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to 
open the session with the presentation.  
Adi Godrej 
Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us on the presentation for Godrej Industries. 
This is the agenda today. A little bit about the Company overview, the investment 
rationale, then we have a deep dive into Godrej Agrovet. This is a private company 
but roughly 75% is owned by Godrej Industries, so we thought we’d present greater 
details on Godrej Agrovet and then of course we will have a question and answer 
session. Just a little bit on the Godrej Group. We would like to say it is 114 years 
young not 114 years old, established in 1897, USD 3.3 billion as revenue. A little 
description about the group as a whole. Godrej Industries has a very balanced 
portfolio of growth businesses. It has a considerable shareholding in many 
companies in the Godrej Group. 
On this slide showing the balanced portfolio of growth businesses, the numbers in 
bracket in the left on the companies is the percentage holding of Godrej Industries 
in that particular company - FMCG, Properties, very strong agri business. Balram 
will give details on our Godrej Agrovet business. This is roughly the financial 
performance in the last year on the various constituents of Godrej Industries. We 
have a very strong brand advantage. We have a systematic value creation 
approach. A proven track record of value creation and strong value of underlying 
assets. This company is roughly 10 years old. It became a separate company 
around this time, a couple of months earlier than this in 2001, when we demerged 
the FMCG business from the erstwhile Godrej soaps and since the soap business 
went to Godrej Consumer Products, we renamed the balance company as Godrej 
Industries because if we continued the Godrej Soap’s name it would be a 
misnomer. Since then the share price, after taking the splits into account has grown 
by a compounded annual growth rate of 51% per annum over those ten years. So 
roughly grown by almost a 100 times in that period. 
One of our greatest assets in the group is our brand. One or the other of the Godrej 
products is used by 500 million people in India each day, whether they are bathing 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
with our soap or using our insecticide, opening a refrigerator door or unlocking the 
cupboard or whatever. We recently did a brand valuation by a very well-known 
international agency who has been working with us on brand value enhancement 
and brand repositioning called Interbrand and they came up with a value of USD 
2.86 billion for the Godrej brand including the various constituent brands of the 
group - the detailed report. And now our marketing and the brand group is working 
on how this can be enhanced further because the study has given us a lot of 
indicators of what can we do to further enhance the brand value in the years to 
come. We are leading market positions, no. 1 positions in the following areas which 
have been listed. We are no. 2 in the soap business in the country and number no. 
3 in the sugar confectionary business in the country. 
We announced a ‘CREATE’ strategy for Godrej Industries, the C stands for 
Consumers and Chemicals. RE for Real Estate, A for Agri, T for Transformation 
and E for our Emergent businesses which we are incubating. The consumer 
business is Godrej Consumer Products. Godrej Industries owns about 22%. It has 
grown very rapidly. It has a market cap of little over USD 3 billion and we have 
grown very considerably both organically and by acquisitions. And of course a 
major development in the last financial year was acquisition of the 51% 
shareholding that Sara Lee Corporation had in our joint venture called Godrej Sara 
Lee, that was acquired. The Company was renamed Godrej Household Products 
and on the 31st of March it was merged with Godrej Consumer Products. So now it 
is one company and there are tremendous synergistic benefits both in the top line 
growth and cost savings which we are now reaping and harvesting. Several 
categories and leadership positions in many categories, strong international 
business in Godrej Consumer Products - roughly 35% about 1/3rd of our business 
last year was outside of India and that number should be slightly higher this year. 
That’s salience of international business to the total business and most of the 
international business is in high growth developing countries across Asia, Africa 
and South America. This was the financial performance of Godrej Consumer 
Products in the last financial year. Strong growth in sales and of course continued 
strong growth in profit, the profit growth is lower than the sales growth because the 
cost of acquisitions obviously are deducted, the interest costs of the acquisitions 
are deducted in the profit. So the profit growth in an acquired company will be a 
little lower than the sales growth as a result. But the overall acquisition were very 
accretive in the very first year. 
Real estate is the next major part of the Godrej Industries portfolio. It has both its 
owned real estate business as well as its shareholding in Godrej Properties. When 
I say its own, when we move factories outside the Vikhroli campus of Godrej 
Industries, we started leasing out space to the IT industry and other such industries 
and we used to earn fair amount from that. Now that the Urban Land Ceiling Act 
has gone, we have decided to redevelop that 35 acre property. It has already 
started and so that will yield considerable profits to Godrej Industries as time goes 
by. And of course that is done in a joint venture with Godrej Properties. Godrej 
Properties has a very differentiated business model. It has joint ventures with other 
Godrej Group companies as well as many joint ventures outside the Godrej Group. 
It is a capital-light model and better return on capital used in that model. We have 
projects across 11 cities. These are the cities where we have projects in Godrej 
Properties. We are adding cities adding projects all the time. These are the 
financial results of Godrej Properties in the last year. We had an IPO in Godrej 
Properties about 18 months ago. I mentioned about the Vikhroli development 
project, it is a 35 acre project, it is named ’The Trees’, it will be approximately 2.8 
million sq ft, it is a JV between GIL and GPL and GIL - Godrej Industries will be a 
beneficiary of 82.4% profits of the project. This is its own 40% share of the profit 
and 60% share that Godrej Industries will get, with the 70 odd percent holding in 
Godrej Properties, where the total adds up to 82.4%. We have already started 
construction of the main commercial building called Godrej One, about three-

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
quarters of a million sq ft, fair amount of it will be used as head quarters for Godrej 
Group, the rest of it would be leased and/or sold, mainly leased. And we will look at 
further joint venture projects in Vikhroli as time goes by, we expect to announce 
one or two quite soon. These of course will be joint ventures between Godrej 
Properties and Godrej & Boyce. 
Our chemical business continues to do well; it is a bit of cyclical business. We are 
in the up side of the cycle right now. We had a very good year last year. Later on 
Nadir and Srinivasan will give more numbers in the chemical business. 
Nadir Godrej 
Our three major businesses in chemicals are the fatty acids and glycerin, the fatty 
alcohols and the surfactants and in all areas we are moving more to speciality 
products. The surfactants are all considered as specialty products. In fatty alcohols, 
we are selling more and more products based on rapeseed oil and in fatty acids the 
big chunk of our business now is based on rapeseed oil and India has become the 
lowest cost producer of rapeseed oil in the world, which gives India a very 
competetive edge in erucic and behenic acids and behenyl alcohol. Plan is to 
increase the salience of specialty chemicals as we go forward. We are setting up a 
new oleo chemicals manufacturing facility at Ambernath and with a CAPEX of Rs. 
230 crores we expect it to be operational in the fiscal year 2013-14. The civil work 
is in progress, the MPCB permission is obtained, we are waiting for the final 
clearances and then we will proceed. We are also putting up additional capacity at 
our factory at Valia with an outlay of about Rs. 50 crore. This is both for splitter and 
fatty acid fractionation column, so we can manufacture erucic acid at our Valia 
factory as well. As you can see the growth was very good both in sales and the 
bottom line. There was a good recovery from the financial crisis. Fatty alcohol 
capacity was tight worldwide and it is still tight which helped us. Raw material 
prices were very high and as a result the differential between the cheaper raw 
materials we used and palm kernel oil, the normal raw material for fatty alcohols, 
widened which was a good benefit to the business. This situation still continues. 
We will continue to be leaders in alpha-olefin sulfonate but we are also producing 
more and more Lauryl alcohol derivatives. This enables us to use our own Lauryl 
alcohol in our surfactants business. This is a very balanced portfolio because the 
alpha-olefins are made from petroleum and our lauryl alcohols are made from 
vegetable oils produced by ourselves. So in any kind of environmental situation we 
have a surfactant for the job. Another major business of ours is the agri business, 
where the food price is rising and the demand for food in China and India is rapidly 
increasing. Agriculture has an extremely bright future and Godrej Agrovet is very 
well positioned for this. Our businesses are the animal feed business, which has  
finally started growing. We have improved our quality considerably and this is being 
noticed in the market place. The oil palm plantations are in the phase of rapid 
growth and the challenge now is to get more and more acreage but what is already 
planted is maturing and there will be good growth for the next few years. 
The agri-inputs- we are a niche player in high margin products such as plant 
growth regulators and herbicides and normal herbicide, Hitweed is doing extremely 
well. Importantly, we have a joint venture with the world’s largest food processor 
that is Tyson. As you can see both the sales growth and profit growth were very 
excellent in the last year and now I will hand over to Tanya to take you through HR 
and the Brand. 
Tanya Dubash 
Good afternoon, the ‘T’ in our CREATE strategy stands for transformation and in 
order to achieve full potential and to keep up to our promise and live by our vision 
and promise of brighter living, we are transforming the way we think, behave and 
act. Godrej Industries and associate companies all continue to feature prominently 
on the best employer list. Godrej Industries stood first in excellence in HR through 
technology and in also top 15 best employers in India. Godrej Consumer Products 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
stood fourth in the overall best employer category in a study by Hewitt and Godrej 
Properties stood first in the real estate and construction industry among the top 100 
best employers in India last year. We believe that good leadership is absolutely 
pivitol to any transformation and growth and we strongly support strong 
development in all our talent. In collaboration with faculty from Harvard Business 
School and Columbia University last year, we started the Leadership Development 
Series and in its first phase 50 senior leaders, including myself went through an 
extensive talent development process, which tailored career planning inputs. 
Succession planning for key positions is imperative and underway at Godrej. 
Employee satisfaction surveys were conducted across all our domestic and 
international business units. We got deep insights into why our employees are 
satisfied and dissatisfied and I am happy to tell you that most of our businesses 
score in the highly satisfied range. 
We have improved our long term incentive schemes to further align them with the 
shareholder returns and we continue to invest in new capabilities such as an HR IT 
transformation project with IBM. Mr. Godrej has already spoken about the immense 
value of the Godrej brands, the Godrej Industries and Associate Companies. We 
embarked on our process of managing our brand as a strategic asset a few years 
ago and we created a powerful framework to maximize the value of the Godrej 
brand and its constituent portfolio. As part of that, two important consumer activities 
that we undertook last year were Godrej Khelo Jeeto Jiyo and Godrej Power Play. 
Godrej Khelo Jeeto Jiyo was India’s first advertiser sponsored lifestyle reality show 
where people interacted with each other and with our products in a very innovative 
format on television. This show was awarded a gold for best campaign in India and 
a gold in the best brand building campaign category pan Asia by the prestigious 
Promotion and Marketing Asia Awards. Godrej Power Play is a pan Godrej gaming 
based consumer connect activation. It is a sort of pan Godrej promotion and it is 
the first brand in India to enter into the mass multi-category loyalty. This of course 
is hosted on IPL and we have been associated with IPL since its inception two 
years ago. As a group we always strongly believe, associated with philanthropy 
and social good. In an effort to enhance our CSR, we undertook a study to figure 
out how we could add even more meaningful value to society, to the community 
and to the environment and our new CSR strategy is based on the idea of shared 
value which implies addressing social and societal problems such as climate 
change and providing quality education, while at the same time strengthening our 
own competitiveness by innovating new products and improving the talent pipeline. 
In conjunction with our group wide vision of brighter living, we came up with a long 
term shared value vision which we have made Godrej Good and Green. In Good 
and Green, we hope to participate and build a more inclusive and green India. By 
2020 we hope to ensure greater employability, create a greener India and innovate 
for good and green. Some of our most specific goals like below, we hope to train a 
million rural-urban youths and give them skilled employment. We hope to achieve 
zero waste, carbon neutrality, positive water balance and a 30% renewable energy 
source. We hope to have a third of our portfolio revenues coming from good and 
green products and services by which we mean we hope that they will be 
environment friendly or serve societal needs at the bottom of the pyramid. 
Under emergence, one of our important businesses is our JV with the Hershey 
Company, the USD 5.5 billion leader in the American chocolate category. The 
revenues of this business were Rs. 360 crore last year. It's a market leader in the 
candy segment. Last year, the core brand Nutrient Mahalacto was relaunched 
successfully. 
Some of the other brands which did well was Hershey Milk Mix, which grew by 47% 
on the back of innovative activations and Sofit, with effective micro marketing. 
Some of the product launches during financial year, one to highlight is Nutrine 123, 
which was a successful launch because it sort of piggy backed on the thought that 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
kids like the idea of having variety at the low-price point and this is what this 
product offered. It was three candies in a pack at the price point of Re. 1.  
Natures Basket is our fine food chain, which evolved from being a fresh food 
retailer in 2005. It is recognized as being India’s premium gourmet chain, although 
in a niche space. We have 14 stores located in the premium residential 
catchments, nine in Mumbai, three in Delhi, one in Gurgaon, and one in Pune. We 
hope to launch 7 or 8 more stores this year. The interesting thing about this 
category in our business is that the demand here is fairly inelastic and this is based 
not just on the fact that we offer a very interesting product mix, but the fact that we 
offer services that people value and we have a very well trained and inviting staff. 
And people reaffirmed that during the deep downturn that other businesses, 
particularly retail businesses suffered there in the downturn, we continued to grow 
at a rapid pace. We grew by 63% last year over the previous year and our same 
store sales growth was also over 40%. We were awarded the most admired food 
retailers of the year in the foreign foods category at the prestigious Coca Cola 
Golden Spoon Awards. Thank you.  
V. Srinivasan 
Good afternoon. I would like to share with you the track record of strong financial 
performance and value creation that Godrej Industries has created for its investors, 
and, also explore with you some of the underlying assets and the value unlocking 
potential that is there in this Company. 
Over the last 5 years, we have done a compounded annual growth rate of about 
17% on revenue and 49% on net profits. Pretty good numbers here. We have 
demonstrated a huge value creation when compared to the broad market index. 
Over the last 10 years, Godrej Industries, apart from giving consistent dividends 
and opportunity for encashment through buy-back, has been able to offer a capital 
appreciation of over 50% as compared to 18% which has been offered by the 
broad market Sensex. In fact, post the last investor meet which happened on 15th 
of June last year, GIL has been able to provide a capital appreciation of about 30% 
as compared to a flat market, so that’s a pretty good performance I would say. Now 
in terms of the significant appreciation, which is there in the investments that we 
hold, this slide gives you a summarized view on that. We have compared the cost 
at which we hold the investments in our group companies and outside. Just the 
market value of investments that are listed is over five times our cost. I am not 
considering the value of our unlisted investments. 
So this slide explains in sum, the value unlocking potential that we have in Godrej 
Industries. If you see the graph, the blue line depicts the market cap of Godrej 
Industries and the green line, just the share of Godrej Industries investment 
holdings in Godrej Consumer Products and Godrej Properties. The entire market 
cap of Godrej Industries is explained by just these two investments that we hold. 
On the right hand side, we have listed out the other valuable interests that Godrej 
Industries has. Many of these businesses are market leaders in their own right. We 
have the animal feed business, the oil palm plantation business, oleo-chemicals 
business, agri input business. Apart from that, we also have a very significant stake 
in the joint development that we are doing with Godrej Properties in ‘The Trees’ 
project. All these are extremely value accretive in the future in our view. So Godrej 
Industries in a nutshell provides the investors with a portfolio, which is fairly de-
risked because we have exposure to many industries. And we believe this has a 
strong long term investment potential. 
ICRA had done an Equity Research Report recently on Godrej Industries after a 
very detailed discussion with the management has also their own research in the 
various industries in which we have stake. They have assigned the valuation 
grading of 4+ on the fundamentals, which means very strong fundamentals relative 
to the other listed scripts and “+” means a superior position within the same 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
category. And in terms of valuation they have given a grading of B, which means 
moderately under-valued on a relative basis. So in sum, as I have mentioned, GIL 
provides a balanced portfolio to our investors and the management is committed to 
improving the value continuously as in the past. Now I request Mr. Balram Yadav, 
Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet to share about the Agrovet businesses. 
Balram Yadav 
Good evening. As Mr. Nadir Godrej said that we have four main businesses and 
we had a very good year, all the four business did very well. You can see that our 
sales increased by 20% and PBIT more than doubled last year. This growth story is 
our effort in the last three years focused on research and development in all our 
businesses. This is the result we have seen and we believe that this kind of 
performance is likely to continue in future also. Two things which we were working 
on the new businesses were drip irrigation and seed and we are very close to 
announcing entry into these areas also. Animal feed is the largest business. It is 
back on growth trajectory. We did a turnover of almost Rs. 1,300 crore that is a 
13% growth.  
One of the good things about this business, last year also we talked about it, is that 
it has very little capital employed. We had more than 133% returns on capital 
employed last year. One of the reasons for good growth and profitability in this 
business has been one of our research products called Super Star, which is the 
best performing broiler feed in this country and we are quite hopeful that 
substantial growth in the broiler feed segment this year is going to come in from 
this new product. We had a joint venture in the shrimp feed business, which was 
with a company called Gold Coin. We bought 51% stake in that business and 
merged with the animal feed business of Godrej Agrovet. 
Unfortunately, for last few years we were having flat tonnages, so we broke that 
curse last year and we are quite hopeful that we will continue with this trend of 
growth in the future. We have a 50-50 joint venture in Bangladesh which is in 
animal feeds as well as into the breeding business. We sell day old chicks. We sell 
fish feed and we sell poultry feed in that country. And it has very good news 
because the business grew by almost 60% top line and profitability went up several 
folds in the last year. 
In Bangladesh, we are in a massive expansion spree. By the end of this year, our 
animal feed capacity, our fish feed production capacity and our breeding capacity 
will be double of what they were in the beginning of the year. Strategic priority for 
animal feed, as you know the Indian growth story particularly in the food is focused 
in the eastern parts of the country. And so is our rapid expansion also. We draw a 
straight line from Kanpur downwards and it is on the eastern part of the country 
where most of the expansion has happened. We have come with a factory in 
Unnao. We have bought a factory recently in Bhubaneswar. We have started a 
new factory in Indore and Nagpur last year. And before this year is complete, we 
will come up with a capacity in Kharagpur which is in West Bengal and in Patna, 
which is in Bihar. 
One of the things which we are very conscious about, is the margins in this 
business and I just wanted to go back to the first slide and tell you that we added 
Rs. 300 crore to the top line last year but we added about Rs. 34 crore to the 
bottom line. So we are focused on increasing and expanding the margin of our 
businesses and since animal feed is our biggest business, that is our prime focus 
here. And this is happening because of introduction of new products, renovations 
of old products. 
One of the reasons why we are able to change the salience of our products to high 
performance, high value is very good prices of animal protein like other food 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
products in the market, which will make things very remunerative for the farmers 
and we are ready to invest in better inputs and better feed to get better results. 
 Oil palm benefited from the global commodity boom. We made a turnover Rs. 115 
crore. And one of the things which helped us last year was very good monsoon 
which is also helping us this year, because our FFB production last year crossed 1 
lac tons and the productivity is going to be very high this year. The only place 
where Godrej Agrovet could not achieve what it had intended to do, was area 
coverage in oil palm. And you know there are two things which are important in oil 
palm, one is get more hectare and second is get more oil per hectare. To get more 
hectare, we work with the government to increase allocations for us and we were 
successful in having some change in government policies by the allocation of Rs. 
300 crore for oil palm development and we believe the subsidy doubled from Rs. 
23,000 to Rs. 45,000 per hectare to give the required acceleration to execution of 
more hectare in oil palm in future. Plus we also got allocation in Gujarat in 
Narmada and Bharuch district, which are most suited for oil palm. And in 
Maharashtra in Sindhudurg and Raigarh, which are very good for oil palm because 
Goa is an excellent place for oil palm and we have a very good presence there. So 
as I said there are two priorities in oil palm, first is to get more oil per hectare. Two 
things we did in the last few years, one is that we set up the leaf and soil testing 
laboratory, which also does lot of education and extension work for the farmers. 
Because of these efforts there is lot of productivity improvement which has 
happened in our oil palm plantations. The second thing is that to monitor the 
10,000 farmers and almost 38,000 hectares we have we introduced a farmer 
management system where we keep track of every hectare, every acre and every 
farmer and the status of the farm at every point in time. We have a huge force of 
almost 75 people for extension work in oil palm and our effort is that in case the 
farmer produced more fresh fruit bunches from his land, it will become more 
lucrative for him and we will be able to get more hectares in the oil palm. The 
second thing is to get more hectares, where we have to work with the government, 
more subsidy announced and more areas where states would never have got into 
oil palm being announced and state which has recently joined the oil palm 
bandwagon in Maharashtra and we have got three districts in Maharashtra. This 
year growth continues because the hectares we had planted several years ago are 
coming in production and we have to expand capacity. We are going to set up a 30 
tons per hour upgradable to 60 tons per hour oil mill at the cost of Rs. 60 crore. In 
this year, the oil mill has to function by April because that is the time we will need 
that additional capacity. In addition to that, we are setting up a 2.2 megawatts 
cogeneration plant in the same facility because we generate a lot of biomass and it 
is prudent that we use our biomass to produce our own electricity, which is also the 
green electricity.  
Agri input is set for aggressive growth. Two years before we introduced a product 
called Hitweed which is a cotton herbicide. Last year was a wonderful year for 
cotton herbicide that grew from 21 KL went to 71 KL and we believe this will do 
much, much better than last year, also this year. So the effort in agri input is also to 
come up with our own R&D product and we are very close to getting registered a 
rice herbicide which will be the growth driver for this division in future. To tell you 
friends, the cotton area is about 10 million hectares and rice area is about 45 
million hectares. So you can see the kind of opportunity that rice herbicide will have 
for this division. The strategic priorities are again research and development and 
come up with our own products which will be high margin, which will also provide 
solution to the farmers. 
Godrej-Tyson our joint venture in poultry did very well. The food products, the 
ready to cook, ready to eat products we launched a few years ago, have been 
growing very fast and they are the growth drivers in this business and this segment 
is also very profitable. We were working on two businesses as part of our strategy, 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
which will be the seed business. We believe that the food problem will definitely be 
solved in future and two things which will be critical for that will be germplasm 
which is the seed business and how we use our water. And we would like to be in 
both these spaces. We have started a new company called Godrej Seed and 
Genetics Ltd. It will be headquartered in Hyderabad. The leadership team is in the 
process of getting hired. We have a technological tie up with some breeders. Seed 
is a business which needs to be watched for some time and we need to understand 
the kind of germplasm  that people have, before we start building up this company 
by acquiring some smaller (16:55) breeders and getting access to good benefits. 
The second business which we wanted to announce was drip irrigation. We 
strongly believe, to answer India’s irrigation issues, micro-irrigation will be a big 
thrust area in the future. And we are very close to announcing a joint venture with a 
company in drip irrigation area, which is a multinational company. The factory 
construction, we believe will start in second half and we should be in this business 
in the next financial year. Another interesting aspect of drip irrigation business is 
that in oil palm there is a direct correlation between water and the production we 
get. We help our farmers source drip irrigation systems from other people in this 
industry and we believe this will be one of our captive consumption in future. How 
we think about the future of this company - this company is doing well and is likely 
to do very well in future. We are already in the four businesses which cater to the 
farmer. We will be in these two businesses, seed and drip irrigation in the future 
and we would like to cater to all the requirements of the farmers in these particular 
areas, because we have access to many preferred relations with the farmers with 
whom we have worked with. 
There is a change in our logo also and identity. If you see we have put a new logo 
for Godrej Agrovet. You can see the green leaf which talks about our relation with 
agriculture, the blue is about technology and brighter farming. It is based on group 
slogan ‘Brighter Living’, incorporating new GAVL mission. Thank you. 
Q & A session 
Kushal Sanghrajka 
Sir this year you have grown commendably and this quarter has been good for all 
the businesses, but as we have seen in the past, every quarter we see some kind 
of volatility at least in one or two of the businesses which leads to either a slower 
growth in revenue or  a slow growth in profitability. What I wanted to know right 
now we have had good times for the chemicals business and the Agrovet business 
and these are both sort of commodity related businesses, going forward what is 
your view at least for the next year or so in terms of commodity prices, in terms of 
the chemicals business growing further? Just to complete that question also in the 
chemical business, I noticed for one-third of the chemicals business now is from 
specialty chemicals. We know that they are more profitable, but going forward how 
much more can you actually grow your specialty chemical business. Do they 
actually take over a significant portion of your entire business or what will be the 
situation? 
Adi Godrej 
Sure we have had ups and downs in business growth in some segments in the 
past, but if you look at the compounded annual growth rate, over a period of time, it 
has been quite high. I think the profit growth was something in the 40s and sales 
growth was about 17%. So by and large, we have grown very well, even if you take 
a 10-year period, there might have been a quarter or two where the growth rate 
might have been slightly lower. And of course you were right some of the 
businesses do depend on global fluctuations. But in the last few quarters, last year 
we grew very well and I will give the mic to Nadir to answer some of your questions 
on the Chemicals business.  
Nadir Godrej 
Regarding the commodity prices, we get the feeling that commodity prices are 
peaking, but we do not expect a peak decline in commodity prices. And both 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
chemicals business and Godrej Agrovet benefit from high commodity prices. Of 
course Godrej Consumer Products benefits from low commodity prices. Then 
regarding specialty chemicals, growth will be slow until we get our new capacities 
and Ambarnath will have more surfactant capacity, so there will be growth in 
surfactant specialty chemicals. At Valia we are having the new fractionation plant to 
produce Erucic acid, so there will be growth in that. And the demand for erucic acid 
currently is very good. Also we are doing R&D on newer products, mostly 
derivatives of fatty alcohols and fatty acids. And as and when we introduce those 
products, there will be further growth in the specialty chemicals business. And we 
hope that in a period of four to five years we could bring it up to 50% of our 
business. 
 Kushal Sanghrajka 
I have just one more question that has to do with the value of Godrej Industries as 
a share value right now, significant portion of it actually comes from Godrej 
Consumer Products and Godrej Properties at least in fact over 50% of it right now 
comes from those two almost in terms of market cap. Going forward what about the 
rest of the businesses, these two businesses we have already seen the value. The 
other businesses, I know for the past at least a year or so that I have been looking 
at the company that we know that there are hidden values that are supposed to 
come out at some point but what kind of foresight do we have? In the next three 
years, we will see some kind of further growth, in the next five years we see further 
growth of the hidden value of the company? 
Adi Godrej 
I think Srini put up a chart which showed that just the value of Godrej Industries 
investments in Godrej Consumer Products and Godrej Properties is around the 
same level over the last two months or weeks as the market cap of Godrej 
Industries. So all the other values which is on the top of that, most of these 
businesses are creating increasing value and we expect that to continue, especially 
the joint venture property development in Vikhroli will add considerable value. And 
we expect both GCPL and Godrej Properties also over the next five to ten years 
will create tremendous value. So we expect this value creation to continue. We are 
quite bullish on the macroeconomic picture in India. We think if the goods and 
services tax gets enacted which might be in April 2012, it might get delayed a little 
bit, but once it is enacted,  it will add 1.5%-2% points to GDP growth. But aside 
from GDP growth, our type of consumer businesses will benefit tremendously from 
a goods and services type of economic reform. So we are quite optimistic on the 
future value creation in Godrej Industries. 
Arun Kejriwal 
Sir, you mentioned that Godrej Agrovet could launch its paddy herbicide in 2012 --
13. Could you share some numbers with us in terms of what is the present testing 
facility that you are doing, under what acreage that you are doing and what gives 
you this comfort that you will be launching in 12 months from now? 
Balram Yadav 
Two things you have asked - One is the development of herbicides will be done at 
our R&D facility in Mumbai and Bahar Agrochem the company where we produce 
this product . The testing is being done for the last few years and at several places 
because of statutory requirements as well as commercially, we have done this 
testing in several places in the country, including Jharkhand, Punjab, all the belts 
where paddy grows. We are in the process of getting this product registered and 
registration takes a long time. The good news about this product is that this has 
already been registered as an imported product by Pesticide India Ltd and they are 
already selling  this product. So we don’t have to replicate a lot of efforts which 
have been done. But still it will take almost a year to get this product registered. 
Participant 
Will it not be a better idea to take Godrej Agrovet public at this stage because it is 
much more than fructified in each stream of its business to unlock better value and 
greater visibility also? 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Adi Godrej 
That’s a good suggestion and we will keep it in mind. One of our major investments 
was Godrej Properties and we did take it public about 18 months ago. I think for 
any such business to go public, the right time is important and the capital 
requirement of the business is important. It makes little sense to go public when 
there is not much capital required and capital requirements can be met from 
internal sources, particularly. It is an option we always keep looking at. 
Participant 
Mr. Godrej can we get some clarity on the economics of the palm oil business, how 
does it work here, you obviously don’t own the 38,000 hectares, what is the price at 
which you have purchased, what is the type of profitability within that sector? That’s 
the first question. Second question, since there is obviously such value as you are 
showing us, do you have huge plans for buy-back of the shares? 
Balram Yadav 
I will answer your first question that how the oil palm business works. The 
government under the oil palm mission has earmarked almost 200,000 hectares 
area, which has to be developed for oil palm and almost 100,000 hectares the 
government will develop. Now there is a subsidy which is required to be given by 
the government to the farmer, because first three years there is no revenue stream 
for the farmers. So the state government and the central government share that 
subsidy and the allocation of area which the company gets is limited to the subsidy 
the government has. So that is why even if you can plant 10,000-15,000 hectares, 
sometimes you will plant 3,000, sometimes we plant 5000 hectares, depending on 
the subsidy to be given. So that is point one. And this subsidy given for all things 
which are needed for development of oil palm including drip irrigation, bore well, 
etc. The point number two is that how does the economics work. Now the 
command area which has been given to us, we set up oil mills and we source the 
germplasm for the farmer from the product companies which are international 
companies and have done a lot of research in the oil palm germplasm. And for our 
requirement, we source it from company called Univanich in Thailand and this is 
given at a cost to the farmer and the subsidy is also claimed by us. Once the oil 
palm comes into production then the output is fresh fruit bunches which we have to 
procure and then we process and take out oil. Now the margin is protected in this 
business because the price of fresh fruit bunches we pay is fixed over the market 
price of the crude palm oil. That is why it fluctuates every month and it would be a 
fair calculation because it is a percentage of the palm oil price. If the palm oil price 
goes up the remuneration for the farmer goes up and it comes down as the palm oil 
prices come down. 
Adi Godrej 
We had done buy-backs in the past. Godrej Consumer Products I think we have 
done over around 10 buy-backs and in Godrej Industries also we had couple of 
buy-backs and we always look at that and our view on buy-back is, if the earnings 
per share for the continuing shareholder can improve through a buy-back, we will 
look at the buy-back and then we look at how investing any capital in buy-back 
versus investing it in the business how would it be because obviously since Godrej 
Industries although it had a relatively low debt-equity ratio, it does have debt. So 
the way of financing cash for buy-back would be through raising further debt. So 
we would calculate the number and if it is economical we would do it. Typically, we 
tend to do buy-backs when the market is irrationally low. It makes a little sense 
doing it at a time when the market prices are reasonable. But we would certainly 
look at it from time to time. But we have no immediate plans. 
Rajen Shah 
I think the 35 acres land at Vikhroli on which the project –‘The Trees’, is  coming up 
belongs to Godrej Industries. 
Adi Godrej 
No, it belongs to Godrej & Boyce but there is a long term lease between Godrej & 
Boyce and Godrej Industries. So the joint venture is between Godrej Industries who 
is the  lease hold owner of the land and Godrej Properties. 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Rajen Shah 
Okay so once Godrej One is completed the lease income on 7.5 lac square feet will 
be coming as 82% into Godrej Industries. 
Adi Godrej 
Effectively. economic interest is 82%. 
Rajen Shah 
What about the rest 22 million square feet. 
Adi Godrej 
It goes to the minority non-Godrej Industries shareholders of Godrej Properties. 
See Godrej Properties is a listed company. Also there is some family shareholding 
in Godrej Properties. So that accounts for the difference of 18%. The minority 
shareholders, the public shareholders in Godrej Properties plus the other Godrej 
Group shareholders in Godrej Properties. 
Rajen Shah 
No my question was that this 7.5 lac square feet which you are planning to lease 
out, out of that 2.5 lac would obviously be going to Godrej Group but rest 5 lac. So 
overall 7.5 lac square feet is leased out, so that rental will be flowing to Godrej 
Industries - about 82%. What about the economic interest? 
Adi Godrej 
It flows out of Godrej properties  
Rajen Shah 
About 40 plus 70% of 60, that is fine but what about the remaining 2 million square 
feet. This 2 million is going to be residential or housing? And if it is residential then 
what is the construction cost and what price we are planning to sell at? 
Adi Godrej 
That will be much more. The project itself is 2.8 million square feet. This Godrej One 
is a building about 800,000 square feet. There will be 2 million square feet of 
residential, commercial, hospitality, there will probably be a hotel and there will be 
retail - high street retail. 
Rajen Shah 
So this high street retail and hospitality would be leased out? 
Adi Godrej 
Will be leased out, some could be sold also, we have not finally decided. Residential 
will probably be sold. 
Rajen Shah 
And roughly what will be the construction cost and what price you are planning to 
sell it in? 
Adi Godrej 
I do not have those details right now but it would be highly profitable. We feel the 
whole project will be highly profitable. 
Rajen Shah 
One more question about Godrej Agrovet, the net profit margin in the case of Godrej 
Agrovet seems to be too low actually about Rs. 2,000 crore of revenue and I think 
net profit should be around 40 to 45 crores if I am not mistaken. Rs. 69 crore is the 
PBIT, so any chance of improvement? 
Balram Yadav 
That is what I said, we are extremely conscious about the fact. In fact the effort is 
that we are chasing extremely profitable growth. Last year as I said we added about 
Rs. 300 crore of top line and Rs. 34 crore of bottom line, the incremental profit and 
incremental revenue is for everybody to see. Similarly in all our businesses the 
effort is to upsell, through change in salience of all the products  and you will see. I 
am extremely confident that way the year is going, we will continue the same trend. 
Rajen Shah 
So we can expect the net profit margin to move upwards from the current levels? 
Balaram Yadav 
The answer is yes. 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
V. Srinivasan 
If you also look at the ROCE of that business, we have a very small capital base on 
which this return is pretty high. ROCE in the animal feed business was 133% last 
year. So we are very conscious. 
Adi Godrej 
And globally these business have low profit, it is a global phenomenon. 
Rajen Shah 
What kind of value can we assign for your 75% stake in Godrej Agrovet? And you 
actually being a share holder of Godrej Industries? 
Adi Godrej 
You are the expert, we leave it to you. 
Rajen Shah 
Last question, 2007 onwards till 2011 you have grown at 49% in-case of net profit. 
What is the trend going forward to the next 2-3 years? I think it is a very clear and a 
direct question. 
Adi Godrej 
We do not like to give any guidance. 
Rajen Shah 
In many of your conference calls you have mentioned that the consumer and 
properties will be having a strong growth, so some numbers like 18-20% kind of 
growth for the next two to three years? 
Adi Godrej 
We expect strong growth. I will also tell you, I have spoken publicly on it. As a group 
we have decided on a what we call a ’10 x 10 strategy’, 10 times in 10 years which 
leads to a CAGR of 26% to 27%. 
Rajen Shah 
So anything you expect for the guidance? 
Adi Godrej 
That is not a guidance. Strategy for the group. Different businesses in the group will 
have different growth rates. So really not all businesses will grow at the same 
growth rate but this we think is a reasonable forward strategy and each of the 
business is working detailed plans in how as a group we can achieve this sort of a 
growth. 
Ramesh Damani  
Sir just briefly, your presentation said that Godrej Properties where you might do 
some more JVs with Godrej & Boyce - can you throw some color in that regard sir? 
Adi Godrej 
As we have mentioned, Vikhroli will be developed as a joint venture. We have a 
vision of developing Vikhroli as an iconic green industrial, residential and 
commercial township. We have moved forward in many directions. We do feel that 
for the next 15 to 20 years, we will continue to have industrial activity in Vikhroli. But 
we have already continued with a lot of planning on commercial and residential 
activities. Now how fast we can do it, would depend on a lot of other factors but we 
expect to announce a few other projects like the `Trees Project’ which we have for 
the 35 acres in the near future. But I cannot provide the details now because they 
are not ready. 
Ramesh Damani 
But the 35 is already announced but now are you talking in relation to that, that you 
would be announcing that? 
Adi Godrej 
Yes. 
Ramesh Damani 
And then roughly the timeframe of six months, one year? 
Adi Godrej 
Difficult to say but we expect to make announcements. 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Hitesh Doshi 
Is it mainly on the commercial side, the other projects that are coming in? 
Adi Godrej 
I have mentioned that it will be an iconic green industrial, commercial, and 
residential. Industrial is not any growth in industry, there will be a decline in the 
industry over a period of time. The rest could be residential, commercial. In ‘The 
Trees’ project we are going to have a hotel also. It may be that over a period of time 
we could have another hotel in Vikhroli. We already have educational institutions. 
We already have schools and hospitals, so we may not need those kind of facilities. 
But it will be a major all-encompassing development, could be shopping in certain 
cases. 
Participant 
Actually I just need to confirm - do you have any sole development rights between 
the Vikhroli projects with Godrej Properties right? 
Adi Godrej 
We have an MoU between Godrej & Boyce and Godrej Properties. We have 
another MoU between Godrej Industries and Godrej Properties and we have 
another MoU between Godrej Agrovet and Godrej Properties. These are the three 
companies in the group which have properties across India which could be 
developed. 
Amit Dalal 
Just to add to that thought process, do you think that this major development of real 
estate will require lot of capital in Godrej Industries or will it be a capital 
responsibility of the property company? 
Adi Godrej 
The capital responsibility, part of the capital could come from Godrej Properties, part 
could come from other group companies as they develop. But Godrej Properties 
clearly is going to be the company in the group that will require considerable 
increase in capital, not just for development of the group plans as a joint venture 
partner but a lot of other developments. We expect property development to be a 
fast growing business, although right now it might seem that the property sector 
might have slowed down but I think it is a very temporary phenomenon and we 
expect it will grow very considerably over the next 10 years, so it will be a capital 
intensive business and we may apart from raising debt capital, Godrej Properties 
clearly over a period of time may need to raise equity capital too. 
Amit Dalal 
Given the need perhaps for a better financial parameter on the Godrej Industries 
performance, I hope there will be no dilution in Godrej Industries for any property 
development? 
Adi Godrej 
Currently there is no plan to do so. But that would be looked upon if there is an 
opportunity, say three years down the road or five years down the road any dilution 
in shareholding  is always looked at, is it earnings per share accretive. So for 
example last year in Godrej-Consumer Products, we had several opportunities for 
very interesting, accretive, and strategically important acquisitions. Ultimately we 
decided a 5% dilution. So we had QIP issue in Godrej Consumer Products because 
otherwise our debt-equity ratio would have been a bit too high for our liking. If we 
did the deal to buy and sell the share holdings, which we thought was strategically 
and from an accretiveness  point of view very interesting. So we would look at the 
opportunity at that point of time and then decide. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Hi sir, I have two questions on your property business. One what are the other land 
holdings that the group companies have other than Vikhroli  which could jointly get 
developed with Godrej Properties and second, you mentioned that you have MoUs 
with the group companies along with Godrej Properties. Does the MoU cover the 
entire land holdings or is it only limited to the 200 acres that was disclosed at the 
time of IPO? 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Adi Godrej 
No. it is an MoU between the two companies. It doesn’t specify the size of the land  
and the properties the group owns outside here, properties in Mumbai, and then in 
Vikhroli. But we have other properties in Mumbai. We also have a property in 
Bangalore. Godrej Agrovet has a large tract of land, where there is a poultry 
breeding farm. And we have already bought land outside of Bangalore where we 
would need to move it because of higher security reasons. Then Godrej & Boyce 
has property which could be developed in Hyderabad, in Thane and in Punjab, in 
Mohali. There are other parts of land, but they may not be developable at a very 
early stage. So as cities expand, sometimes land which 10 years ago didn’t look like 
it could be part of the urban area does become part of the urban area. 
Hitesh Doshi 
Sir but all the Vikhroli land would come under GPL or it is not necessary? 
Adi Godrej 
No I don’t want to comment on it. I mentioned there is an MoU for development and 
I would also like to point out to you that Godrej Industries as you know owns 70% of 
Godrej Properties. Godrej & Boyce which is the owner of the land in Vikhroli has a 
60% shareholding in Godrej Industries roughly.  
Participant 
Sir your presentation mentioned about the brand value of Godrej as a brand. So can 
we know like who actually owns this brand and what are the terms and condition of 
using this brand among the various group companies? 
Adi Godrej 
The brand is owned by different businesses for their products. So for example 
Godrej Consumer Products owns the Godrej brand for those types of consumer 
products. Godrej & Boyce owns the brand for their types of products in the 
engineering field of appliances, locks, etc. Godrej Industries owns the brand for 
property development and the oleo chemicals, etc., so different companies in the 
group. This was restructured in the 1990s, where originally the brand was owned by 
Godrej & Boyce which is the original company and holding company. The other 
companies paid Godrej & Boyce to buy over the brands for their respective 
products. So that's how the brand is owned in the process. 
Participant 
Sir my concern was more broad because Godrej is also a family name like say 
anybody else can also have a Godrej brand certainly and on that basis somebody 
outside this Godrej group launches a product. 
Adi Godrej 
No they can’t because when you are a registered brand just because your name is 
that you can’t. You can change your name easily. So that's not permitted, once you 
are registered trade mark for a particular product category that’s protected. 
Participant 
Can you share the plans about the scaling up of the Hershey’s business and what is 
the current profitability in that business? 
Adi Godrej 
The business is not profitable. They are scaling up. We expect scaling up both in 
our juices business and our confectionary business. There is a chocolate launch 
planned. We have already launched a Hershey’s milk mix product and a syrup 
which is doing quite well, I think as it was mentioned it grew 47% last year. So the 
idea is to expand the business. That and Natures basket are the two businesses we 
call emergent businesses, because we need investments for growth in those 
businesses. Thank you very much. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort 
has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
