Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Godrej Industries Ltd. 
Q4 & FY2011 Results Conference Call Transcript 
June 1, 2011 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Industries 
Limited Results Conference Call. As a reminder for the duration of this 
conference, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call 
please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I 
would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR 
India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Industries’ Q4 & FY2011 results conference call. We have with us Mr. 
Adi Godrej, Chairman of Godrej Industries, Mr. Nadir Godrej, Managing 
Director, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, Executive Director of Godrej Properties, 
Mr. Balram Yadav, Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet, Mr. Vivek 
Gambhir, Chief Strategy Officer and Mr. V. Srinivasan, CFO & Company 
Secretary of the Company. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management. 
Following which, we will open the forum to answer any questions you 
have.  
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
this call may be forward looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
sent out in the conference call invite. I would now like to invite Mr. Adi 
Godrej to make his opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you to Godrej Industries 
conference call to discuss GIL’s operating and financial performance for 
the financial year 2011. I am extremely pleased to announce that 
FY2011 has been very exciting for Godrej Industries in terms of business 
developments and performance across verticals. This is indicative of the 
efficacy of our strategy for growth - ‘CREATE’, which remains pivotal to 
the success of GIL. The strategy focuses on harnessing the full potential 
of our four core businesses, enabling a transformation across the group 
and incubating businesses for the future. 
 
Let me now take you through the key developments at each of our 
businesses. 
 
Our oleo-chemicals business with products ranging from Fatty Acids, 
Fatty Alcohol to Specialty Chemicals & Surfactants, reported a strong 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
growth of around 31% in FY2011. We continue to focus on improving the 
profitability of our chemicals business through concerted efforts at 
increasing contribution from specialty chemicals whose share to total 
revenues improved to 33% in FY2011. In addition, strong growth 
witnessed by a well-diversified portfolio of end-user industries such as 
cosmetics, personal care products, rubber and plastic & polymer 
facilitated 
enhanced 
performance. 
Expanding 
business, 
both 
domestically and internationally, through sustained efforts at product and 
process innovation has helped us maintain our leadership position in the 
Indian oleo-chemicals space. All these initiatives have enabled us to 
enhance our margins and deliver strong sales growth during the year. 
 
Our FMCG businesses, represented by Godrej Consumer Products 
where we have about 21.6% equity stake, witnessed a 78% growth in 
revenues and 52% growth in Net profit during FY2011. The year was 
marked with strategic international and domestic acquisitions helping us 
strengthen our position in home care, personal wash and hair care 
space. In FY2011, with the acquisition of the 51% stake in Godrej Sara 
Lee Limited, Godrej Consumer Products is now the largest Indian Home 
and Personal Care business. Consistent efforts in product innovation, 
branding and compelling sales campaigns have enabled increasing both 
consumer penetration and user consumption during the period. 
International businesses comprising about 35% of GCPL’s consolidated 
revenues have been largely EPS accretive. 
 
Our properties business, Godrej Properties, where we have a 70.6% 
equity stake, witnessed a strong year and a particularly strong fourth 
quarter with significant growth in volumes and healthy construction 
progress across projects. GPL’s total bookings for the year (its own 
share) grew by 132% from 1.38 million sq. ft. in FY 2010 to 3.2 million 
sq. ft. in FY2011. Our township project, Godrej Garden City, Ahmedabad 
continues to register strong sales. I am happy with the success of Godrej 
Frontier, our residential project in Gurgaon where we have already been 
able to sell over 88% of our interest in the project despite this being 
GPL’s first project in the region. Among other highlights for the year was 
commencement of our Flagship project, The Trees, at Vikhroli in January 
2011. As you are aware, this is the joint development project between 
Godrej Industries and Godrej Properties to develop about 35 acres. The 
net profit will be shared 40:60 between Godrej Industries and Godrej 
Properties respectively. Godrej Industries will thus effectively be 
beneficiary of 82.4% of the profits, 40% directly and 42.4% through its 
70.6% shareholding in Godrej Properties. Prospects in the coming year 
are exciting as we expect to launch projects in Chennai, Chembur in 
Mumbai and Hyderabad and unveil phase IV & phase V at Ahmedabad. 
With a healthy demand scenario for mid-income housing in India and 
continued traction across projects, we expect to deliver robust financial 
and operational performance in the coming years. 
 
Moving on to the key developments at Godrej Agrovet or GAVL, which 
operates our agri-related businesses including animal feed, agricultural 
inputs and oil palm plantation. GAVL delivered excellent numbers during 
the period under review. In FY2011, GAVL reported a growth of 20% in 
sales and 103% in PBIT over FY2010. Each of the verticals contributed 
significantly to the improved performance of GAVL. The animal feed 
business, the key contributor to revenues, witnessed strong growth in 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
volumes across categories especially the shrimp feed and fish feed 
categories. As we continue to focus on innovating products to enhance 
yields, we are also in the process of adding new feed mill capacities 
across India. 
 
The oil palm business witnessed substantial growth in revenues, about 
80%, supported primarily by high crude palm oil prices and good 
monsoons. Initiatives undertaken by the government to provide impetus 
to palm oil production are good for the industry. This year's Union budget 
has earmarked Rs. 300 crore for increasing palm oil production. We 
firmly believe that the oil palm plantation business is poised for 
significant growth in the years to come. 
 
In FY2011, agri-inputs segment registered an increase in sales of 18% 
over FY2010. ‘Hitweed’ - a broad leaf herbicide for cotton, was the 
outperformer during the year as sales reached 71 KL vs. 21 KL in 
FY2010. This is a higher margin business and with the new product 
pipeline on track, we expect this segment to contribute meaningfully to 
volumes and margins. 
 
As we stay committed to our vision for a brighter living for all our 
stakeholders, we have embraced the concept of shared value. The 
concept of shared value can be defined as policies and operating 
practices that enhance the competitiveness of a company while 
simultaneously advancing the economic and social conditions in the 
communities in which it operates. We are implementing a Group wide 
initiative called ‘Godrej Good and Green’ initiative for playing our part in 
creating a more inclusive and greener India. This initiative proposes to 
train one million urban and rural youth in skilled employment to create an 
employable workforce by 2020. We will aim to help create a Greener 
India through achieving zero waste, carbon neutrality, positive water 
balance and 30% renewable energy. In addition, we also aspire to have 
a third of our portfolio revenues comprising Good and / or Green 
products and services. 
 
Let me now briefly run you through our financial highlights for the period 
under review. During Q4 FY2011, total income increased by a healthy 
30% to Rs. 1,431 crore from Rs. 1,099 crore and net profit grew by 43% 
to Rs. 109 crore from Rs. 76 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. 
Our consolidated total income improved by 24% to Rs. 4,602 crore 
during FY2011 from Rs. 3,716 crore in FY2010. Net Profit for FY2011 
stood at Rs. 293 crore, marking an increase of 44% over FY2010. 
As we build on a solid foundation of a diverse business profile across the 
key growth sectors of economy, a proven results record and an 
established brand Godrej, we take confident strides in the future to 
create value for all our stakeholders. 
 
Thank you for your time and we will now be glad to take your 
suggestions and answer any questions that you have. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Manish from Blue Chip. 
Please go ahead. 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 
Manish 
My question would be on GAVL. We are about to launch new product 
pipeline which is already on track. Could you provide us the details for 
the same. 
Balram Yadav 
When we talk about new product pipeline we talked that in the agri input 
business and we are very close to getting permissions to start selling rice 
herbicides which is a chemical called Bispyribac and this is the second 
herbicide we would launch after success of the first which is Hitweed, 
which has been a runaway success. As Mr. Godrej said that from 21 KL 
volume went to 71 KL and we are expecting a multifold increase this year 
also. Why it is critical for us is because the rice herbicide has at least 25 
times more potential than the cotton herbicide purely based on the 
acreages under these crops. 
Manish 
Okay. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Bhatia from Dalal 
& Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Bhatia 
I just had a question on Godrej Industries. What would be your vision say 
for 3-5 year period? What kind of growth or other opportunities are we 
looking out for? 
Adi Godrej 
 Generally we expect very strong growth in Godrej Industries over the 
next 3-5 years. All our verticals that I mentioned have very strong 
potential for the future. We think that the property business has the 
potential to grow very strongly behind our strong brand in the residential 
property market. Godrej Agrovet is on a strong growth path. Our other 
businesses including Godrej consumer products, the chemical business 
etc all are doing well, our investments are doing well and with economic 
growth running between 8-10% over the next 3-5 years, we see a very 
strong growth potential and value creation potential in Godrej Industries. 
Kunal Bhatia 
And specifically on growth incase of your agri products, how do you see 
that going forward? 
Balram Yadav 
This year we believe that we will grow over 17%. Last year our growth 
was 20%. But the way the first two months are I think we will grow well 
over 17% this year. 
Kunal Bhatia 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayur Gathani from 
OHM Group. Please go ahead. 
Mayur Gathani 
Regarding the debt at Godrej Industries - we are looking at around Rs. 
1,700 crore currently. So in the next two years or so what level could we 
be at? The debt levels would be similar or be lower. 
V. Srinivasan 
You are talking of the consolidated debt level of Godrej Industries? 
Mayur Gathani 
Yes. 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 5 of 10 
 
 
Adi Goderj 
I think if you look at the consolidated debt that will depend a lot on what 
each of the companies do. So the major business that requires a lot of 
capital is likely to be Godrej Properties because it is growing rapidly.  
Godrej Properties debt equity ratio will be kept under control. Godrej 
Properties at a later date, after sometime may also need to raise equity. 
As you know  there is the requirement now that public holding should 
become minimum of 25% non-promoter holding.  Godrej Properties has 
only 17% non-promoter holding currently so there is scope to raise 
further capital. So the debt equity ratio in Godrej Industries overall 
consolidated will depend on each company, mainly on Godrej Properties. 
But we will control debt equity ratios to be within reasonable level. If you 
look at the standalone numbers, Godrej Industries debt equity ratio is 
less than 0.5:1 and we expect that to be maintained. 
Mayur Gathani 
Okay and in segment revenues, there is something called others. Can 
you just give us details as what this others constitute?  
V. Srinivasan 
That mainly consists of Agri inputs, Oil Palm Plantations, then our 
subsidiary Nature’s Basket and the poultry business. 
Mayur Gathani 
Okay fair enough.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshit Shah from SBI 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshit Shah 
Sir my question primarily is on the margin front - the Q4 has seen 
excellent margins for all the core businesses. How do we see the 
margins going forward?  Are these margins sustainable? Just want to get 
clarity on that. 
Adi Godrej 
I think in many of the businesses margins have improved with 
improvement in the general economic cycle and I think we feel in most of 
our businesses the higher margins will be maintainable. However, we 
have a lot of opportunity in terms of value creation. If you notice if you 
look at the assets of the company in terms of its holding in the listed 
companies that has increased very considerably and keeps increasing 
every year. So we have the opportunity to even encash some of that 
from time to time when we need to create profits and our margins.  So 
overall, in Godrej Industries we are very buoyant in terms of margins, 
sales growth, and profits in the future. 
Akshit Shah 
My question was actually only on the core business that is animal feeds, 
chemical and oil palm plantation, poultry and agri inputs. The margins we 
have seen during the quarter have been much higher than the past. So 
the only thing that I wanted to understand is, are these margins 
sustainable for next 2-3 years or so. That is what I wanted to understand. 
Nadir Godrej 
In the Chemical business - the margins in the fourth quarter were a little 
bit higher, because there were no maintenance shut downs and in the 
first quarter, there is a maintenance shut down. But, generally the 
margins are maintainable and if commodity prices stay high particularly 
the margins are maintainable and similar is the case for the oil palm 
business. If palm oil prices are high, the margins will be maintained very 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 6 of 10 
 
 
well. In the animal feed business, there has been a significant turn 
around and the higher margins are very likely to continue. 
Akshit Shah 
Okay and regarding others category that the other three businesses of 
ours - I guess if I am not wrong with my numbers Q4 FY10 had seen 
around 33% PBIT margins whereas the current quarter has seen around 
10% PBIT margins. Any views on that? 
V. Srinivasan 
I think some of the expenses have increased and inputs cost have also 
increased in some businesses so there could be an impact of that. 
Balram Yadav 
Off season for oil palm and agri input. 
Akshit Shah 
So going forward do we see reduction in margin further from this level? 
V. Srinivasan 
No, I don’t think so. 
Akshit Shah 
Okay, Chemical side we have seen around 43% growth year-on-year. 
So, any specific reason for that or this is the general growth which we 
are seeing because of the increase in specialty chemicals? 
V. Srinivasan 
The high commodity prices also mean high finished good prices so the 
unit values have also gone up. There is a growth on that account and to 
the extent that is maintained the volumes are more or less going to grow 
in lower two digits say around on 10-12%. So we will be able to maintain 
based on the finished good selling prices. 
Akshit Shah 
Okay thanks a lot. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Gandhi, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
What is the status of the Wadala Land? 
Adi Godrej 
The Wadala Land belongs to Godrej Industries and we are seeking 
permission to redevelop it. We will also have to negotiate with the 
workers at the factory and once we get permission, then we will look as 
to how to progress. But, we are likely to get permission in the near future 
but we can’t tell because we have to go through the BPT on this. But that 
is a strong asset which can be developed. If we develop it, it will probably 
be in a joint venture with Godrej Properties. 
Manish Gandhi 
I just want some numbers in Godrej Agrovet consolidated. What is the 
total capital employed in Godrej Agrovet all the four businesses. 
V. Srinivasan 
Total capital employed is about Rs. 440 crore or so. 
Manish Gandhi 
It includes Palm Oil? 
V. Srinivasan  
Yes, all the business. 
Manish Gandhi 
And what is the total debt in Godrej Agrovet? 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 7 of 10 
 
 
V. Srinivasan 
About Rs. 200 crore. 
Adi Godrej 
Capital employed includes capital employed outside India. We have a 
very strong joint venture in Bangladesh. 
Manish Gandhi 
It includes Bangladesh JV also right? 
Adi Godrej 
Yes. 
Manish Gandhi 
So that is what I wanted to know. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar 
from Sharekhan Limited. Please go ahead. 
K Pawaskar 
I just have one question on your Oil palm business. Just wanted to know 
whether the growth of 80% in 2011 and 200% in Q4 2011 was primarily 
on account of increase in the palm oil prices or there was increase in the 
yield also? 
Balram Yadav 
In Oil Palm business all three things are happening. First is the oil palm 
prices which is known to everybody. Plus we had very good plantation 
done in 5,6,7 years ago which is coming into production now and thirdly 
we had taken a lot of initiative for increasing the yield from the existing 
plantation which is also yielding results as our average yield per hectare 
is going up. 
K Pawaskar 
So what kind of increase you are seeing in average yield per hectare. 
Just broader prospective, what was two years back and now. 
Balram Yadav 
Mature plantation two years back was about 17-18 tons fruit bunches per 
hectare and of that about 18% is oil and now this year which is also held 
by very good monsoon last year - we are seeing 19 to 20 tons per 
hectare. 
K Pawaskar 
So do you expect this to continue going forward – increase in your per 
ton acreage? 
Balram Yadav 
As far as our initiatives are concerned, in terms of improving package 
and practices, to setup a leave and soil laboratory, to help the farmers 
improve general plantation condition - that we will continue. But, in case 
there is a good monsoon I don’t see any reason why these things will not 
improve further. 
K Pawaskar 
But do you expect prices to go significantly from here onwards in terms 
of palm oil? So in that terms, can we expect that growth will limit to 
around 25-30% odd in the coming year? 
Nadir Godrej 
Palm oil prices are very high and we do not expect them to go much 
higher. We do not expect them to fall a lot either and this year we have 
already started selling palm oil forward and most of the production will be 
in the first six months of the year. So we don’t expect any bad effects of 
lower prices this year. 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 8 of 10 
 
 
K Pawaskar 
Okay. 
Adi Godrej 
We should also remember that the absolute palm oil prices don’t have a 
very important effect on the profitability of our Oil Palm business because 
we have to pay the farmers higher or lower prices for the fruit bunch 
production depending on palm oil prices. 
K Pawaskar 
Okay sir, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is follow up from the line of Akshit Shah 
from SBI Captial. Please go ahead. 
Akshit Shah 
Sir on the BKC land deal with Jet - during conference call of Jet Airways, 
the management has mentioned that they are expecting the deal to 
conclude in next two weeks or so. Any sense on that? 
Adi Godrej 
I think since we have an MOU with Jet, we have not finalized the deal yet 
because as you know they had a complicated lawsuit and now the 
judgment has come from the High Court and we are under final 
discussion. So, I would not like to discuss anything until we have a final 
agreement and as you know we have to inform the stock exchanges on 
any such agreements before we can talk publically about it. 
Akshit Shah 
Sure sir, understood.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Haria from JHP 
Securities. Please go head. 
Rahul Haria 
This is just one follow up question from Mr. Gandhi. As such he was 
enquiring about the Mumbai - Wadala Land. I just wanted to know what 
is the area for the land. 
Adi Godrej 
6.5 acres. 
Rahul Haria 
Okay thanks a lot. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinayak Patil from 
Wealtake. Please go ahead. 
Vinayak Patil 
Is there any chance of Godrej Agrovet listing or something like that? 
Adi Godrej 
No plans as of now. 
Vinayak Patil 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mangesh Kulkarni, from 
Almondz Global Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Kulkarni 
The government has allowed FDI in the LLPs. Do we have any plans to 
bring in some FDI in our LLPs? 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 9 of 10 
 
 
Adi Godrej 
Well the only LLPs we have in the Godrej Industries platform is the LLP 
we have for joint venture development of Vikhroli land with Godrej 
Properties and we might have a couple of other LLPs in our property 
development area. But there, as you know, LLP foreign direct investment 
is restricted to the same level as it would be in companies. So if it is 
foreign direct investment compliant then we could take. But currently we 
have no plans to take any foreign direct investment in the LLPs but it is a 
good development and it could be something we could utilize in future. 
Mangesh Kulkarni 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Haria from JHP 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Haria 
Just wanted to know about the JVs in Godrej Properties. The process of 
talks - how is the pace going on as per last year? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think there is good momentum in the new business development field. 
We are under discussion for several new properties. We are looking this 
year, both, as we did in previous years, for joint venture in various parts 
of the country particularly focused on residential development. The other 
thing we are very focused on, is trying to get some new redevelopment 
project in Mumbai specifically and we think that we will be quite 
successful in adding several new deals on both those fronts this year. 
Already last month we added a small residential project in Mumbai in 
Chembur and we think the momentum for new business development 
this year will be considerably stronger than last year. 
Rahul Haria 
Sir just wanted to know the speed of talks with the JV partners as you 
have anticipated last year. How is it going on?  Is it normal, going on 
slowly or is it at normal pace? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
You know, like I mentioned there are many deals under discussion. I 
think these deals are quite significant and do involve a period of 
discussion. So these are not the kind of things that can be rushed 
through in a few weeks. But I think the total number of  deals under 
discussion is very encouraging. The new deal pipeline is very 
encouraging and we see very good opportunities in the current market to 
close the several deals in the coming quarters. 
Rahul Haria 
Okay thanks a lot. 
Moderator 
Thank you. As we have no further questions, I would like to hand the 
floor back to the management for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions 
satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know 
more about the Company we would be happy to be of assistance. I 
would like to take this opportunity to invite you to the Analyst & Investor 
meet that GIL will host on 21st June, 2011 to discuss the Company’s 
various businesses in greater detail, their growth strategies and the road 
ahead. We look forward to your participation. Thank you once again for 
taking the time to join us on this call. 

Godrej Industries – Q4 & FY2011 Results Concall Transcript 
Page 10 of 10 
 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Godrej Industries Limited 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and now 
you may disconnect your line. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
