
 
 
Page 1 of 39 
 
 
Regd. Office: Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli, Mumbai 400 079 
 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
      Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 Monday, January 23, 2012, 12.00 noon 
 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Godrej Consumer 
Products Limited Q3 FY12 earnings conference call hosted by Quantum 
Securities Private Limited. As a reminder for the duration of this 
conference all participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be opportunities for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
presentation. Should you need assistance during this conference call 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time 
I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Jignesh Makwana from 
Quantum Securities. 
Jignesh Makwana 
Good afternoon and I would like to welcome you to the call on behalf of 
Quantum Securities and we would like to thank the management of Godrej 
Consumer for giving us the opportunity to host this call. We have with us 
Mr. Adi Godrej, Chairman and the senior management team of Godrej 
Consumer Product. Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Godrej for 
opening remarks. Over to you sir. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you Jignesh and good afternoon everyone. I welcome all of you to 
the Godrej Consumer Products Limited conference call to discuss the 
results for the Third quarter of financial year 11-12 and other significant 
corporate developments.  
Joining me today on this conference call are Mr. Mahendran, Managing 
Director, Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Director and President, Human Capital & 
Innovation of the Godrej Group, Vivek Gambhir, Chief Strategy Officer of 
the Godrej Group, Omar Momin, Executive Vice President, Shashank 
Sinha, President, International operations, P. Ganesh, Executive Vice 
President – Finance, Commercial and Company Secretary and Sameer 
Shah, General Manager Finance 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 2 of 39 
I will start with my remarks on our performance for the third quarter fiscal 
year 11-12. We will then open the floor for your questions on our results. 
Post your questions, I will outline the highlights of our most recent 
acquisition, a majority stake in Cosmetica Nacional. We will then be happy 
to answer any questions that you may have about this acquisition.  
We will begin with a refresher on our six key business imperatives and an 
assessment on how we have performed on these priorities during the 
quarter.  After this, I will discuss the highlights of our financial performance 
during the quarter 
One of our most important imperatives was to sustain leading positions in 
the three core categories that we participate in – home care, hair care and 
personal wash in India. Across these categories, our focus is on growing 
ahead of the market, driving consumption & penetration and strengthening 
our portfolio.  
If we look at our domestic business, across categories, this has been yet 
another quarter of healthy sales growth and market share gains for most of 
the categories. Also, this is the third straight quarter of strong sales growth 
this fiscal year.  
Our household insecticide category delivered yet another quarter of robust 
performance, with a 30% sales growth, far ahead of the category growth. 
We are reaping the benefits of strong marketing and promotional initiatives. 
We continue to gain market share and enjoy leadership positions across all 
formats of electrics, coils and aerosols.  Our focus on innovation and the 
synergistic distribution opportunities from the GCPL-GHPL merger are 
enabling us to make continued gains in this category. We are very 
optimistic of the future growth opportunities in this category.  
Our soaps business grew by a stellar 31% for the quarter. Volume growth 
of 19% was very impressive compared to the category, which degrew in 
volume terms. This is the third consecutive quarter of strong volume 
growth. We continue to be the second largest toilet soap player in the 
country. The success of our new launches and re-launches, along with our 
intensifying marketing and promotion focus, has contributed to this strong 
growth momentum. Gross margins for the category have expanded 
sequentially with full impact of price increase and efficient vegetable oil 
buying. While vegetables oil prices have remained stable over past few 
months and rupee depreciation to U S dollars have added pressure, we will 
be continue to be diligent about trying to protect our margins, along with 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 3 of 39 
gaining volume market share, through efficient sourcing of vegetable oil, 
prudent cost management and calibrated price increases.  
We continue to enjoy market leadership position in the hair colourant 
category. We grew by 9% during the quarter, which is below our 
expectations. However, we believe that have a differentiated strategy and 
sound plan in place that will yield strong results over the next few quarter. 
Our newly launched Expert Care and Advanced powder hair colors have 
begun to register good market response. Both of these products are very 
innovative and superior quality - and like many innovations, it takes a 
certain amount of time to build traction in the market. The winter season 
also affected the sale of mehendi based powder hair colors. We are 
working rigorously on several initiatives like launching a new media ad 
campaign; consumer offers and strengthening distribution reach etc. We 
are very confident of these initiatives and would expect much better sales 
growth in the coming quarters relative to the current quarter. 
The second pillar of our strategy was to drive growth in our international 
business, guided by our 3x3 framework, of being in three core categories 
and in emerging geographies in Asia, Africa and Latin America. Our 
biggest international business, Megasari in Indonesia continues to grow at 
a strong pace of 35%, behind the success of new launches and distribution 
expansion. Local currency growth was around 20%. Megasari is the market 
leader for aerosol household insecticides, air care and wipes in the 
Indonesian market.  
EBITDA margin of 20.6% (before payment of technical & business support 
fee) expanded sequentially by more than 120 basis points and year-over-
year 190 basis points, led by favorable category sales mix change, new 
products performance and prudent cost management. Our last few 
quarter’s new launches are performing very well, especially HIT Magic, 
which is a disruptive innovative paper format mosquito repellent and which 
continues to gain good traction replacing coils in the market. HIT extra 
power electric mosquito repellant was also successfully launched during 
the quarter.  
Our African operations, which comprise Rapidol, Kinky, Tura and Darling, 
made steady progress during the quarter. Revenues stood at Rs 186 crore 
and EBITDA margin at 31%. EBITDA margins were relatively high this 
quarter, driven by a favorable popular to premium format mix sales in the 
hair extension category, a strong festive season sales across the continent, 
low cost inventory covers, prudent cost management and continuation of 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 4 of 39 
the traditional model of the Darling business of relatively lower 
advertisement spends in the current quarter. On an ongoing basis, we 
expect EBITDA margins to be between 20-22%. The integration of the 
Darling businesses is going on quite smoothly and business registered real 
business growth of around 13% - 14%. Rapidol continues to grow strongly, 
behind expansion in distribution reach and entering newer geographies. 
Kinky will synergize on go to market and backward integration facilities of 
Darling South Africa operations. We expect stronger sales growths and 
steady state operating margins from this continent going ahead. We have 
also begun rigorous work on phase 2 of the Darling group acquisition.  
Our Latin America business – the Issue Group and Argencos – reported 
sales growth of around 29%, with EBITDA margins of around 9%, which 
has expanded sequentially. Local currency growth was around 20%. We 
continue to invest in growing our business in the neighboring countries of 
Argentina. Initial response to the newly launched products over the last few 
quarters has been very positive. The new launches continue to be backed 
by strong marketing investments. 
Our Europe business registered good revenue growth of 43%, with 
EBITDA margin of around 6%. Local currency growth was round 25%. 
Brands like Cuticura, Touch of silver and Bio–oil continue to grow well. This 
is our third running quarter of strong growth and we are optimistic about 
growth opportunities going ahead. 
Our third strategic pillar was to accelerate the pace of innovation and to 
strengthen our brand portfolio. In this fiscal year, we have launched 
multiple innovative products across categories both in our domestic and 
international business. In domestic markets, we took a first step towards 
premiumization in the hair colour category, with launch of Expert care – a 
herbal based formulation and Expert advanced – a progel formulation with 
triple conditioners. We launched a new variant of Godrej No.1, the saffron 
and milk cream soap. Internationally, we launched HIT Magic paper, Hit 
extra power electric, Stella bathroom and car air fresheners, Mitu milk bath 
in Indonesia, and range of hair care products in Latin America. We will 
continue to step up our innovation intensity across categories both in 
domestic and international markets. These new launches will be backed 
with adequate marketing investments. We believe that we have a robust 
innovation pipeline across categories. 
One of our other key imperatives was creating a future ready sales 
organization for the domestic business. We have been able to leverage our 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 5 of 39 
scale, expand urban coverage and tap rural potential especially for the 
household insecticide category. We have also adopted best in class sales 
processes and practices. We will also continue to explore newer and 
untapped sales channels. Our fifth pillar was to create a global best in 
class supply chain. We have taken strong steps in this area by establishing 
centers of excellence in TPM, lean, six sigma and low cost automation. We 
have also set up a strategic sourcing team to leverage scale and reduce 
our procurement costs. Our final imperative relates to fostering an agile 
and professional entrepreneurial culture. In the domestic business, to 
harness the benefits of scale and scope from the GCPL-GHPL merger, we 
continue to streamline our operations and make our organization structure 
more effective. 
I will now cover the highlights of our financial performance this quarter. For 
the quarter ended December 31, 2011, our consolidated net sales stood at 
Rs. 1344 crore, with a growth of 36%. EBITDA margins strengthened to 
20.2%, sequential expansion of around 290 basis points. EBITDA grew by 
59% over quarter three of last year. Earnings per share non-annualized 
stood at Rs. 5.2 for the quarter. The Board of Directors has declared a third 
interim dividend of 100%, which translates to Re. 1 per share. Both our 
domestic and international businesses have performed well  
 Our net sales in the Indian sub-continent increased by 20% to Rs. 779 
crore, with significant growth across all our three core categories. EBITDA 
margins strengthened to 20.4%, with a growth of 17% and sequential 
expansion of around 120 basis points. Our international operations, which 
accounted for 42% of our consolidated turnover during the quarter, 
reported revenues of Rs. 567 crore, an organic growth of around 30%. 
EBITDA margins strengthened to 19.9%.  
As you can see, our operating performance has been very strong on all 
parameters. While the macroeconomic environment continues to be 
challenging, the GCPL team has worked very hard to deliver these 
excellent results.  I believe that our strong operating performance is a 
reflection of a robust business model, a great team and our ability to 
manage risks and challenges effectively.  
I am also pleased to welcome Temasek as an investor. We have accepted 
a binding offer from Baytree Investments (Mauritius) Pte Ltd (indirect 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek, an Asia investment company), to 
subscribe to 1,67,07,317 equity shares of face value Rs 1 at a premium of 
Rs 409 per equity share, for an aggregate issue size of Rs 685 crore on a 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 6 of 39 
preferential allotment basis pursuant to Chapter VII of SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. This investment will enable us to maintain a strong balance 
sheet.  
As you know, Temasek is a leading investor globally. Apart from being one 
of the earliest investors in India, Temasek's focus geographies match very 
well with our global 3 X 3 strategy.  The Temasek investment also reflects 
their bullishness in our robust strategy, strong team and execution 
capabilities.  
I am very confident of the opportunities ahead for GCPL, both in India and 
overseas in the coming quarters and expect to close this fiscal year on a 
strong note.  
We will carry the strong sales and profitability growth momentum in next 
quarter also. In the coming quarter we expect to have a favorable category 
mix, being the peak season for household insecticides. Higher sales and 
cost synergies are also expected to kick in arising out of the domestic 
business integration. Internationally, strong growth momentum would 
continue in Indonesia, Africa and Latam business. All of this should result 
in strong operational growth and healthy margins. Also, if the recent 
currency movements from December levels persist, it will result in higher 
profits. 
In these uncertain times, our approach will remain to be close to our 
consumers, to respond to their needs, to strengthen our brands, to 
accelerate our innovation pipeline, and to invest in our talent. We will focus 
on strong execution in the near term while positioning ourselves for even 
greater successes in the longer term. As always, we will strive to enhance 
shareholder value and drive growth. 
I now conclude my opening remarks on the quarter performance and open 
the floor for questions. 
Moderator  
We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss.  
Abneesh Roy 
Sir congrats on great set of performance. My first question is on the 
domestic business, if you could give us a sense of any slowdown you 
expect in the coming quarters in terms of rural, urban, what is the gap now 
and what has been the trend in the past two quarters? 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 7 of 39 
Adi Godrej 
Generally we are seeing very good momentum in the market and demand 
for FMCG continues to be strong, both in urban India and rural India. The 
confidence level of consumers continues to be good and of course this has 
been aided to a certain extent by some good macroeconomic signals 
coming during the month of January. So we expect strong momentum 
going forward, while overall GDP growth might be decelerating we don’t 
see it affecting consumer sentiment or FMCG demand. 
Abneesh Roy 
In the domestic HI and soaps we have seen very strong sales growth, if 
you could give us a sense of volume, price and how the industry has done 
we can get a better sense. 
Adi Godrej 
Soaps volume growth was around 18-19% during the quarter. We have 
taken price increases so our value growth was much higher at 31% and 
we will continue to need price increases to meet raw material cost rise. 
Now raw material cost would rise because internationally vegetable oil 
prices could rise or it could be because of rupee depreciation. Of course, 
fortunately in the last 3 weeks rupee has appreciated quite considerably 
from what it was during December. HI growth has been around 30% and 
most of it is volume growth and we expect this will continue as January-
March happens to be the best quarter for HI from a seasonality point of 
view. 
Abneesh Roy 
What explains 18-19% volume growth in soaps, how much is the industry 
seeing in terms of volume growth? 
Adi Godrej 
It is difficult to tell exactly how the industry is doing but AC Nielsen figures 
show hardly any volume growth if any , but I expect the volume growth 
might be a little higher than what AC Nielsen is predicting. I feel the 
volume growth in soap will be low because it’s a fully penetrated category. 
We have grown very well because of a new No.1 variant, which has done 
exceedingly well, our No.1 brand has done very well,  Cinthol growth 
during the quarter has also being very strong. So our marketing initiatives, 
despite the price increases, have paid good dividends.  
Abneesh Roy 
On the hair business, that is only laggard in the domestic segment, we 
have seen the growth rate comedown for the past maybe 2-3 quarters 
from 15% last quarter, now you are down to 9%, so what is the price and 
volumes and why the growth rates are slowing down in this? 
Adi Godrej 
Major part of the growth has been volume lead and we are very confident 
of our hair color business going forward because we have brought in very 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 8 of 39 
innovative new products into the market. As you know, these innovative 
ideas usually take a little bit of time to settle down with consumers. We are 
starting a new advertising campaign and we feel the coming quarters will 
be strong growth for our hair color business. We are disappointed with 
Quarter 3 numbers, however, the year-to-date growth has been 14%. 
Abneesh Roy 
What is the industry growth rate in Q3? 
Adi Godrej 
Industry growth rate has been in the order of around 15%. 
Abneesh Roy 
In the Indonesian business, we have seen our growth rate accelerate to 
35%. How much would you attribute that to Megasari Paper business 
launch and this electrical launch how much of a delta it can provide FY13? 
A. Mahendran 
I just want to add one point to the hair color before discussion on the 
Indonesian market. You have to understand that there are certain 
category, wherein the reaction to innovation is slightly slow, for example in 
the soaps our innovation when we brought in this new variant the reaction 
was quite quick from a consumer consumption point of view whereas the 
household insecticide also the reaction is quite good and quite fast, but in 
the hair color, as a category it takes little bit more time for a new product 
like the innovation what we did. Also the usage pattern for the consumer 
also plays a role here so it won’t react fast, however in the coming quarter 
we expect to do well on the innovation that as far as the hair color is 
concerned.  
Shashank Sinha 
Our Indonesian business has grown strongly mainly on the back of very 
strong volume growth across all our categories. I think the magic paper 
remains a very important new product but it is still a small part of the 
overall portfolio that we have in Indonesia. So our three core categories 
there, household insecticides, air fresheners and baby care wipes, have all 
grown quite well. That’s the mix for both organic growth and innovation 
and we have had a strong innovation in each of these three categories 
over the last year. 
Abneesh Roy 
But is this a sustainable growth you’re looking at in Indonesia or was there 
any one off item, epidemic or something like that? 
Shashank Sinha 
There has been no one off items, in fact if you look at it, the overall 
sustainable growth levels in Indonesia have been quite strong over the last 
couple of years and we are looking at a sustainable growth level of that 
magnitude. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 9 of 39 
P Ganesh 
Just one point I would like to add here while the INR growth reported is 
35% for Indonesia, local currency growth is about 20% because 
Indonesian rupiah has not depreciated much to the dollar whereas Indian 
rupee has depreciated significantly. 
Adi Godrej 
Even if you don’t take magic paper into account the local currency growth 
was around 16 to 17%. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Principle Mutual 
Fund. 
Arjun Khanna 
My first question is in terms of the performance of the hair extension 
business, now that we have some experience with Darling, it’s been with 
us for close to a quarter. How would you describe that experience? Is this 
market as much as we thought it would live up to? 
Adi Godrej 
Yes the market is very strong; it’s a very rapidly growing category. The 
total market we expected around a billion dollars in Sub-Saharan Africa, is 
growing very rapidly and we are very bullish on this category and also the 
Darling acquisition will help us very strongly in increasing the Kinky  brand 
and profitability in South Africa. So we feel it will continue to do well. Of 
course this particular quarter was extremely strong, it’s the seasonality 
quarter, also a quarter in which we benefited from some earlier low-cost 
raw material purchases but going forward we expect very strong growth 
and continued strong performance. 
Arjun Khanna 
My second question is in terms of the global nature of our company right 
now. Could you give us some examples of strengthening the HR practices 
or how do we manage management bandwidth across these various 
regions? 
Shashank Sinha 
We formed a strong international corporate centre at our head office and 
the big initiatives in the area of HR there have been first of all to extend the 
HR practices from our home business to all our international businesses 
which means that we have now standardized goal setting, we have 
standardized performance managing system, standardized channel 
management system. We have also had selectively, exchange of talent or 
we have filled some important vacancies in our international organization. 
So what we have done is we have integrated the HR practices of our 
international businesses with the strong domestic business that we have 
here and now we work as one unified company. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 10 of 39 
Arjun Khanna 
Lastly in terms of the Temasek acquiring stake, was it done some time 
back or this is recent and this option of them, by when does the money 
actually flew into the company? 
Adi Godrej 
There is no option, it is a binding offer. It was concluded very recently and 
we expect everything to be concluded before March 31st 2012.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from Daiwa. 
Percy Panthaki 
My first question is on the hair color’s business, when you had taken over 
the Issue and Argencos business you had mentioned that they are leaders 
in this technology of creme in sachets and that is something you are 
looking to bring in to India, so can you let us know what is the development 
on that front and what kind of timelines you are looking for that? And also, 
not only the fact that it will now be packed in sachets but what are you 
thinking regarding the brand because if my understanding is correct, 
Renew is not having strong enough brand equity to build a creme 
business. 
Adi Godrej 
We are working on our plans, for competitive reasons we would not like to 
disclose our plans in advance, but we are looking to bring all our strong 
international technology into India and we expect to roll things out pretty 
rapidly. In India we will enter using the strong Indian brands so we will 
work on our brand platform here. The strongest hair color brand is Godrej 
Expert. 
Percy Panthaki 
Regarding the other two businesses on insecticides and on soaps, in 
soaps you have done very well in the last 2-3 quarter so just wondering 
where this market share is coming from, if you just look at the published A 
C Nielsen data which brands are actually losing market share so that you 
can gain? 
Adi Godrej 
Some of the smaller brands are losing market share, some of the smaller 
brands which started within the last decade, have lost some share and by 
and large you must remember that through this growth, our marketshare 
has grown by 1 -2 % over a period of time 
Percy Panthaki 
Also couple of housekeeping questions. On the African business can you 
tell us what is the organic sales growth both in INR and in local currency? 
Sameer Shah  
There has been no major fluctuation in South African ZAR to INR and so 
the growths are more or less closer to the local currency or real business 
growth. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 11 of 39 
Percy Panthaki 
So what is that number? 
Sameer Shah 
For Darling? 
Percy Panthaki 
Not Darling, the African business organically speaking so excluding 
Darling all the other businesses in Africa. 
Sameer Shah 
The growth has been around 12 – 13% range. 
Percy Panthaki 
And Darling particularly can you tell me the sales figure for this quarter? 
Sameer Shah 
There is sufficient data to calculate same indirectly, the Darling the real 
growth has been close to 13-14%. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Prithesh Chedda from Emkay Global. 
Prithesh Chedda 
Just a clarification from the last question, the Africa’s like to like growth 
rate is 13% in local currency, so you would exclude Darling this quarter? 
Sameer Shah 
Yes 
Prithesh Chedda 
Secondly on the domestic business side, for the nine months if you could 
give us the soaps, HI and hair color volume growth? 
Adi Godrej 
In HI and hair color you can’t compare volumes because of the different 
categories of products. What you can do is take the value growth and 
deduct an average price increase. For an HI most of the growth is thus 
volume led, I think you can deduct about 4-5 percentage points. In hair 
color bulk part of the growth is volume led. 
Sameer Shah 
In soaps the volume growth has been close to around 16-17% for nine 
months period. 
Prithesh Chedda 
One of the reasons that you have highlighted in the presentation for 
expansion in margins is also price hikes in soaps, if you could tell us when 
was the price hike taken with effect which month? 
Adi Godrej 
The price hike has been taken across the year; we have just taken a 
further 2% average price increase very recently so price increases take 
place throughout. Each brand has its price increase at a particular point of 
time. It’s not that we suddenly decide after 4 month that all soap prices will 
rise day after tomorrow. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 12 of 39 
P Ganesh 
But on an average over the calendar year 2011 the price increases were in 
the range of about 10%. 
Prithesh Chedda 
Lastly since the complexity of the business is increasing, if you could give 
some idea on the geographies, a more stable growth rate which one 
should look at, which is the Indonesia business, the Africa business and 
the Latam business if one has to look for future? 
Adi Godrej 
We don’t wish to make any forward predictions, we think growth will 
continue to be strong, these economies continue to do well. Consumer 
confidence in the economy in these economies continues to remain strong 
but we certainly would not like to provide guidance. 
Vivek Gambhir 
The other point to emphasize is that I don’t think that business is getting 
more complex. I think part of our strategy will be much focused, on the 
categories that we have participated and in the category that we 
participate in, to be a leader in those categories. So fundamentally the 
formula for growth is actually relatively less complex and more competitive. 
Prithesh Chedda 
Lastly a bookkeeping question. Could you tell us the debt in the balance 
sheet as on 31st December? 
P Ganesh 
The net debt is about Rs 2200 crore. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Amnish Agarwal from Motilal Oswal 
Securities. 
Amnish Agarwal 
My first question is regarding the African business where you have shown 
very strong margins of around 31%, so can you give us an idea that how 
this margin trajectory will pan out in future, because at the time of 
acquisitions, we were indicated around 20% margins on a sustainable 
basis but if we do some backhand calculations, the margins now in Darling 
business upwards of 35%? 
Adi Godrej 
Darling margins have been exceedingly good in this quarter, in future 
these may moderate. The margin was very good because this is a strong 
seasonality quarter because of the festive season in Africa. It also was 
higher than normal because they had some very low price purchases of 
raw materials and other inputs, so the combination was a little favorable. It 
may be difficult to have such high margins going forward but the margins 
will be very strong and we expect strong growth in the Darling business 
going forward. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 13 of 39 
Amnish Agarwal 
Secondly you have indicated that in toilet soaps we have grown much 
ahead of the market due to some of our initiatives, so can you give us 
some idea about market share we are having currently and secondly how 
much of this increase in momentum in the domestic market is coming from 
the expansion in the distribution network? 
Adi Godrej 
Some of it is certainly coming from distribution expansion, some of it is 
coming from the fact that we are leveraging synergies between the 
erstwhile GCPL and GHPL in distribution. However it is difficult to talk of 
market shares because we don’t think the numbers we are getting on 
market shares are reliable, but clearly because our growth rate is much 
ahead of the category growth rate, we expect our market share to have 
gone up. 
Amnish Agarwal 
There is a bit of dichotomy here because in the previous quarter all the 
listed players have reported very strong sales growth in toilet soap, may be 
upwards of 15-20% where the category growth stated was again at that 
time maybe in mid to high single digits only. So is it that un-organized 
sector is being wiped out completely or is there some other data 
correction? 
Adi Godrej 
It’s a good point, it is difficult for us to tell. We are also a little perplexed 
with the numbers that have come out from the market research but clearly 
some of the smaller players have been badly affected because of the high 
vegetable oil price. 
Amnish Agarwal 
Is this some sort of a structural shift or volume and sales growth will come 
down to the long-term averages in the few quarters down the line? 
Adi Godrej 
Difficult to predict, it depends on the success of marketing initiatives, it 
depends on the success of our new launches but over the last three 
quarters we have grown very well in our soap category. Of course last year 
our growth in soap was low. 
Vivek Gambhir 
But if you look at within the last 5 to 7 years of our business while long-
term growth in this industry being around 7 to 8%, our growth has been 
closer to 15%. 
Amnish Agarwal 
You have stated just now that your net debt levels are at Rs 2200 crore so 
can you break it up between the rupee-denominated debt and dollar-
denominated debt? 
Ganesh 
Rupee-denominated debt is about Rs 200 crore. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 14 of 39 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of P. S. Subramanium from Sundaram 
Mutual Fund. 
P.S. Subramanium 
Could you just give us a sense on the seasonality in the business 
especially on the margin front for the different geographies? I mean which 
of the quarters are stronger in terms of margins and which are the weaker 
quarters? 
Shashank Sinha 
If you look at individual country is there is seasonality but the way that our 
business is spread across geographies, so for Southern Hemisphere 
countries this tends to be a strong season linked to Christmas holidays 
and so on and so forth, for Northern Hemisphere countries it seems tends 
to be the opposite way. So if you look at it overall at a consolidated level it 
evens out quite a bit over the year. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Himani Singh form Elara Capital. 
Himani Singh 
My question is on the African business where we have seen very smart 
recoveries in margins. To elaborate how was this done and how 
sustainable these are? 
Adi Godrej 
These high margins in Africa in the October-December quarter are 
because of the acquisition of Darling. Darling has had very high margins 
and it will continue to have higher margin than our other African 
businesses, also once we integrate Kinky with Darling, we will see the 
Kinky margins also improve. 
Himani Singh 
Regarding the phase 2 of Darling acquisition that you just touched upon, 
please elaborate how and when are we going to do that and what would 
be the financial impact of it. 
Adi Godrej 
That is likely to take place around September of 2012 and clearly it will add 
very considerably to both our top-line and on our bottom line even after 
taking the acquisition cost into account, just as the first phase added 
considerably on to the top line and the bottom line and we expect the 
same with the third phase which is likely to be in September 2013. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Nikhil Vora from IDFC Mutual Fund. 
Nikhil Vora 
Just one question specifically on the acquisitions that we have had, what is 
the next level of consolidation that is required? Is it about the ability to 
manage the multiple brands and multiple geographies or is it that longer 
term clearly we will need to consolidate these brands and thereby look at 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 15 of 39 
maybe distribution into those markets and look at Indian brands becoming 
relevant there? 
Adi Godrej 
We are not likely to take Indian brands into the countries we have acquired 
businesses in except when we introduced new categories. For example we 
have strong plans to our household insecticides portfolio into some of 
these geographies which could be taken with the Indian brands. But when 
we introduced for example new types of hair color products in Africa or 
Latin America and if the product ideas go from India we will use the local 
brand. Similarly if we bring our international technology into India we will 
use the Indian brands. So typically we will leverage the brands where we 
have strength in the particular geography. 
Nikhil Vora 
You are perfectly comfortable to play small scale in small geographies with 
local brands rather than possibly over a period trying to migrate the same 
into maybe 5 or 7 key brands in the portfolio? 
Adi Godrej 
For the moment we are comfortable and you must remember that we are 
not necessarily in small geographies. So in Africa we will be playing in a 
very large geography, overall Africa has almost the population of India,  
Indonesia is the fourth largest country in the world, even in Latin America 
we are across the continent which is a large continent. We will now be 
strongly manufacturing in at least three geographies in South America, so 
yes we are reasonably comfortable. Obviously over a period of time we will 
keep revisiting our brand strategy, it may be modified somewhat but as of 
now we’re very comfortable with this strategy. 
Vivek Gambhir 
The other important point to make out here is that this is not small scale. 
What we believe again is that the right determinant of scale is relative 
market share in the category and because we are acquiring brands in 
attractive geographies that have high relative market share in our chosen 
categories that is actually the single most important determinant of long 
term value creation. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Upganawar from Spark 
Capital. 
Ashish Upganawar 
Sir just wanted to understand how much of an operating cash flow would 
consolidated entities generate in FY12, this comes from the back of the 
dilution that we have taken, are we not in a comfortable position to service 
debt or something like that, what was the objective? 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 16 of 39 
Adi Godrej 
Reason we raised further equity at this point of time was twofold, one we 
were making a new acquisition and number two that the rupee having 
depreciated might add some stress to our balance sheet, of course the 
rupee has since appreciated quite considerably. Also we got and 
opportunities to raise capital at a relatively low cost so we have gone 
ahead with this. 
Ashish Upganawar 
But overall proposition behind all the acquisitions and expansions have 
been that we leverage on the lower cost overseas debt that has been 
available to us or the internal accruals. So that’s why some concern on 
why would you go for it? 
Adi Godrej 
We will continue to do that but at the same time our board feels that we 
should have a prudent debt equity ratio and especially in these times when 
global financial situation is not the very best, it is best to be prudent. 
Ashish Upganawar 
The A&Ps were pretty low on overall basis, even standalone and 
consolidated so any specific reasons this quarter for that? 
Sameer Shah 
If you look at standalone results A&P in terms of absolute values has been 
more or less the same or marginally higher. You will also appreciate the 
fact that A&P is a factor of new product launches. We have had relatively 
lesser launches in Quarter 3 compared to Quarter 1 or Quarter 2. It’s also 
the strong sales growth which is resulting in lower percentage A&P to 
sales spends in Quarter 3. Coming to consolidated again the spends 
across geographies has been more or less at the same level, it is only in 
Africa specifically in Darling where we are continuing with the traditional 
model of lower A&P spends which has again resulted in lower A&P spend 
as a percentage of sales. So just to add to it even sequentially absolute 
spends have actually increased. 
Ashish Upganawar 
On the debt repayment schedule wanted to know what is coming for 
repayments and the cost of debt as of now. 
P Ganesh 
The dollar debt that we have is in the range of about 400 million and these 
are long-term debts with end maturities from now of between 4 to 5 years. 
Ashish Upganawar 
I asked for the operating cash flow and estimated figure for this year, can 
we share this? 
P Ganesh 
We don’t give forward guidance on this but then you have seen the last 
full-year numbers and the nine months number so that gives you a fairly 
good indication of the strong cash flows we continue to generate. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 17 of 39 
Ashish Upganawar 
Any numbers for these nine-months on how much the cash flows, internal 
accruals would-be? 
P Ganesh 
We can calculate same from our published results.  Essentially the cash 
generation is more or less in line with the profits because we have very 
little incremental outflow on capex. As you know in FMCG you are not very 
capital intensive. Anotherr point which I would like to highlight over here is 
that we also would be having an exceptional income of Rs 25 crore coming 
in Quarter 4 because of the onetime settlement charge we get for the last 
of the Sara Lee brands ,Brylcreem. 
Ashish Upganawar 
Finally on the Darling acquisition, it was to be in a staggered manner so 
does it progress in the same way as it was told to us earlier or any 
changes in these? 
Adi Godrej 
It will progress in the same manner. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Ashith Desai from B&K Securities. 
Ashith Desai 
Sir you talk about the benefits of GCPL, GHPL distribution synergies. 
Could you give us an idea of what is the distribution expansion for soaps in 
the southern markets or any kind of growth in the southern versus the 
overall market? 
Adi Godrej 
Clearly our soap distribution has benefited in the south because household 
insecticide is very strong in the South. Similarly household insecticide has 
benefited in the north and some other geographies where Godrej 
Consumer Products is very strong., It is very difficult to put numbers onto 
this because both systems were reasonably strong even earlier but the 
synergistic effect makes them even stronger. 
Ashith Desai 
And secondly are domestic HI margins seeing similar expansion to our 
Indonesian margins? 
Adi Godrej 
I don’t think there is no comparison between one and other, both margins 
have increased. 
Ashith Desai 
Would they be similar to the Indonesian margins? 
Sameer Shah 
They are not comparable directly because you will also understand that in 
Indonesia we don’t play in the coil format of the market whereas in India 
we are leader in coil format of the market so to that extent they are not 
apple to apple comparable margins. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 18 of 39 
Ashith Desai 
So domestic margins would be lower than the Indonesian margins 
because of the product mix? 
Sameer Shah 
I’m saying that they are not apple to apple comparable because it is not 
only the formats within the categories, but also pricing, lot of other 
elements put together. 
Ashith Desai 
So the sequential improvement in gross margin is coming largely from HI 
or the soaps, if you can give some breakup on that? 
Sameer Shah 
It is mainly driven on the back of a better favorable category mix; you will 
see HI and soaps growing by around 30%. HI is relatively higher gross 
margin category compared to soaps, also there has been sequential 
expansion in soaps margins on the back of lower oil cost cover. To add to 
these, we had very good season of liquid detergents which is seasonal in 
this quarter and which has very high gross margins relative to soaps 
category. 
Ashith Desai 
Lastly could you give us the overall impact of a favorable currency 
movement on your sales growth? 
P Ganesh 
On sales at an overall level of consolidation will be about 2.5 to 3%. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Kapadia from Alfa 
Enterprises. 
Utkarsh Kapadia 
With contribution from hair care further increasing post this acquisition 
could you give us some sense of gross margins? Is it fair to say that gross 
margins could improve from here on, if hair care were to grow on a faster 
pace? 
Adi Godrej 
Hair care generally overall for us is the highest margin category. 
Utkarsh Kapadia 
If you could give us some sense on the new packaging law which is 
scheduled from July 2012, where it seems grammage can’t be reduced so 
how does that affect industry volumes, what categories are covered? I 
believe only soaps is covered for us so, is it the true understanding? 
P Ganesh 
Yes only soaps are covered in that order which is coming from July and 
our view is that it won’t affect much except the low-cost SKUs which could 
have impact on sachets etc. 
Utkarsh Kapadia 
So more of rural impact you would say? 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 19 of 39 
Adi Godrej 
We have told the government to amend this and they should have this 
order only for SKUs which are above 50 gm and if that is done then it won’t 
have much of an impact. Otherwise what will happen is for the Rs. 5 and 
Rs. 10 cakes of soap you can’t take it up to Rs. 6 or Rs. 12 because loose 
change problems in the market create a problem, that is very good SKU 
for low income consumers. So we have suggested that this order be 
applicable only beyond 50 gm and hopefully the government will take a 
look because it covers a lot of categories but from our categories it’s only 
the soap. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Aparna Karnik from DSP BlackRock. 
Aparna Karnik 
My question is more of a balance sheet related query. Just wanted to get a 
sense of the total debt which you said net debt was around 2200 crore. 
How much of this would-be currently overseas denominated debt and also 
I want to get a sense of what sort of debt maturities are coming up over the 
next 6 to 12 months period over like the shorter to medium term, if you 
could just give an idea of that? 
P Ganesh 
Out of the total debt about 200 crore is in India books, balance are 
overseas and dollar denominated and the debt is largely long-term with 
end maturities of between 4 to 5 years, between the different loans. 
Aparna Karnik 
So there is no large refinancing which would have to be done over the 
near term is what you are saying, right? 
P Ganesh 
No 
Aparna Karnik 
And also wanted to understand one thing now with this equity coming into 
the picture from Temasek, what sort of impact on, how would we expect 
your overall debt levels to look like once this money has come in? 
P Ganesh 
With the equity coming in it would obviously get utilized partly for bringing 
down some of the dollar debt, partly in acquisition, etc., so it will have the 
impact of having even stronger debt equity ratio. 
Adi Godrej 
It will clearly reduce our net debt. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Rohra from Quest Investment 
Advisors.  
Deepak Rohra 
I just want to get some sense when we have been talking about margin 
improvements, I’m just looking at the standalone figures and correct me if I 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 20 of 39 
am wrong, I’m just looking at the numbers that are published which is profit 
from operations and if you do the figures for either on a 3 months basis for 
December or a 9 nine-month basis there actually seems to be a margins 
contraction. Why would that be sir? 
Sameer Shah 
You are right, if you look at year over year there will be a slight margin 
contractions that’s because on a Y-o-Y basis the soaps margins are still 
lower but we have been able to offset that to a greater extent with a 
favorable category mix. 
Deepak Rohra 
If I adjust your advertising spends the margin contraction is even more 
severe so is this the fact that you had and an ad expenditure coming in 
much earlier and the benefits coming now, I’m just trying to get a sense? 
Sameer Shah 
As what stated earlier advertisements spends is driven by new product 
launches, we have a calendar in place and we proceed with the calendar 
the way it is scheduled. 
Deepak Rohra 
One other question which I have in terms of you talked about the rural 
sales continuing to be strong so rural or small town sales, has there been 
any change that has been offered in terms of the terms to your distributors 
or to your stockist or whatever that you have seen over the last 9 months 
to 12 months, the calendar year 2011 for example? 
A Mahendran 
Not really we have not done any changes in terms of the distribution 
market. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from CLSA  
Vivek Maheshwari 
My first question is on Darling group, the first stage of consolidation was 
45% so by when you say the September, phase 2 will be 70% of the 
overall revenues, is that correct? 
Adi Godrej 
Approximately, yes. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
Mr. Godrej you mentioned in the beginning that you are still not seeing any 
slowdown in FMCG growth rates but some of the companies in the sector 
have started saying that they are cautious in their outlook and two reasons 
they are sighting, one is the rural growth rates have come off and the 
second thing is even the urban growth rates are not as strong as they were 
perhaps a year back. To top it up most are saying that A&Ps will go up in 
the coming quarters so how do you see this from the overall sector 
perspective and particularly from your own A&P perspective. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 21 of 39 
Adi Godrej 
We are seeing good growth, we don’t see a slowdown in our categories. 
There might be some differences in other categories which we don’t 
operate in and clearly we will see a strong growth rate. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
Do you think A&P is moving up considering that you have been growing  
faster than the market and then there can be step-up in A&Ps in some of 
the categories that you operate in or because of whatever reasons are 
concerned? 
Adi Godrej 
A&P in addition depending on new product launches, depends upon how 
the competitive situation is in the particular category or brand so it is very 
difficult to predict whether it will move up or down and A&P is adjusted 
from time to time based on competitive and category responses. 
A. Mahendran 
Just to add to that, for the next quarter it is as per our annual operating 
plan. 
Adi Godrej 
We also feel that we will get better value for money in advertising as we go 
forward. 
Vivek Maheshwari 
Similar question on A&P Megasari, how is the A&P spend if you can share 
that number and how is the competitive landscape over there? 
Shashank Sinha 
The competitive landscape in Indonesia is similar to what we have in India 
because we operate in similar categories. So if you look at the home-care 
categories again we compete with the big international companies and one 
or two local companies. In terms of A&P spend again it is very similar to 
the Indian situation because the competitive dynamic is similar, it is 
relatively less seasonal market because it being a tropical country and 
therefore A&P tends to be quite smooth over the four quarters. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan,  
Kaustubh Pawaskar 
Sir I just have two questions, first on debt because of this rupee 
depreciation on sequential basis what is the increase in debt portion? 
P. Ganesh 
On a sequential basis it will translate to something like 250 crore ballpark 
but we should also bear in mind that the rupee has come off from the 
December levels, you will see a reversal if that trend continues. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar 
That will happen in Quarter 4? 
P. Ganesh 
Yes. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 22 of 39 
Kaustubh Pawaskar 
You just mentioned that because of the low cost inventory of raw material 
because of that you have seen improvement in the margins so just want to 
know this low cost inventory, till what period you have, is it till April or 
June? 
P Ganesh 
We may see some impact of it going in Q4 as well but not in the same line 
as what has been seen in Q3. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar 
So some impact would be there and Quarter 4 also? 
P Ganesh 
Yes. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Enam Securities  
Ajay Thakur 
I wanted to know the reason for the exports decline in the standalone unit. 
Adi Godrej 
Our exports are small and as we have more countries into our portfolio we 
are able to supply some of them from the local geographies. 
Sameer Shah 
Also what you are actually looking at is not standalone but Indian 
subcontinent business and we do have some exports to our Sri Lanka and 
Bangladesh business which actually get knocked off as intercompany 
sales. 
Ajay Thakur 
You were mentioning about the soap sales in South have been grown the 
ahead of the market largely because of the synergistic benefits from the 
distribution of household insecticide business, so just wanted to get some 
sense on that. 
Adi Godrej 
I only mentioned that there has been distribution benefits, I have not said 
anything particular about sales. 
Ajay Thakur 
But can we get some sense on what kind of sales growth have we seen? 
Adi Godrej 
No we don’t provide regional distribution of our sales. 
Ajay Thakur 
Secondly what kind of strategic margins can we look for the Darling group? 
Adi Godrej 
We don’t want to provide future predictions but generally the margin 
should be good in Darling. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Jiten Doshi from Enam Asset 
Management. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 23 of 39 
Jiten Doshi 
What is the level at which the company is very comfortable with the debt-
equity? What are the points, what is the trigger that will want you to dilute 
equity? 
Adi Godrej 
Except for short periods we would like to keep the debt-equity ratio within 
1:1. 
Jiten Doshi 
So basically you are averse to going above 1? 
Adi Godrej 
We would be averse to going above 1 for any long period of time. 
Jiten Doshi 
So in the short-term what is the tolerance level, whether it would be 1.2 or 
1.5? 
Adi Godrej 
Short term it depends on the circumstances but clearly whenever we had 
projected a debt equity ratio beyond 1. Last time was about 1.5 years ago 
when we had acquired Sara Lee operations then too we had a QIP. Right 
now because of the rupee depreciation other acquisition on the cards and 
further acquisition phases in Darling, we decided that this was a good time 
to raise some equity. 
Jiten Doshi 
You have a long-term vision that you want to grow the business 10 times 
in 10 years 
Adi Godrej 
That’s right. 
Jiten Doshi 
And that amounted to roughly 25% compounded growth every year, how 
much of this would come from organic growth and how much of this you 
anticipate would come from acquisition? 
Adi Godrej 
We expect about 15 to 20% of that growth to come from organic growth 
and the rest from acquisition. 
Jiten Doshi 
Are you looking at consolidating within India also or you’re looking at more 
outside in terms of your acquisition? 
Adi Godrej 
No we are open to acquisition, in the long-term we are open to acquisitions 
both in India and outside. We have said our acquisitions are focused on 
Asia, Africa and Latin America so India is certainly part of Asia. 
Jiten Doshi 
Any benchmark below which you don’t want the management holding to 
drop to? 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 24 of 39 
Adi Godrej 
I don’t want to make any predictions or even now with the latest dilutions 
our promoter holding will remain at around 64% or so. 
Jiten Doshi 
Would there be a threshold 51 at least? 
Adi Godrej 
I don’t want to make any such long-term commitment. That will be entirely 
up to the board but I doubt if we will get through anywhere near 51%. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Kuldeep Gangwar from HSBC, . 
Kuldeep Gangwar 
My questions are on the debt side, first our understanding says that lastly 
you had taken this USD 350 million debt during Megasari acquisition. So 
first clarification whether you have paid certain installments so far 
regarding the same then how many and how much and what is impending 
in the Q4? 
P Ganesh 
Very briefly I will tell you, yes there are certain repayments which have 
commenced and we have also taken further debt for funding phase 1 of 
Darling so net-net ballpark we are about $400 million of debt. 
Kuldeep Gangwar 
Okay second question like this 250 crore which you mention came 
because of the currency depreciation, it does not flow through the P&L so 
basically you are adjusting against the shareholder equity or some other 
way? 
P Ganesh 
No it goes into the balance sheet by way of incremental debt and it gets 
reflected by way of higher goodwill. 
Adi Godrej 
As and when the rupee appreciates that gets corrected. 
Kuldeep Gangwar 
Okay and can you give something like in Q4 how much would be the 
repayment figure regarding this debt. 
P Ganesh 
As far as quarterly repayments we have an average of about $20 million 
repayments each quarter. 
Kuldeep Gangwar 
So this particular financial year you have already plain three installments of 
$20 million or so something like that. 
P Ganesh 
We would have one more installment till the end of the quarter. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 25 of 39 
Abneesh Roy 
Sir lot of question have been answered one or two follow-ups, sir could 
you tell us in terms of HI in India within the three sub-segments of basically 
coil, electrical, and sprays are we still leading in all the three segments? 
Adi Godrej 
We lead in all the segments and in every region. 
Abneesh Roy 
And sir why would the growth rate in Indonesia and India be so different, in 
the past you have said that the two are comparable in terms of HI. 
Adi Godrej 
We are not very different, we have grown very strongly in both the 
geographies. 
Abneesh Roy 
20% versus 30%. 
Adi Godrej 
Yes, both you would agree are very good.  
Abneesh Roy 
Sir what is the game plan on replacement for Brylcreem and Ambi Pur? 
Adi Godrej 
We are looking at products which we need to launch, we have no non-
compete so we look at the opportunities available and as and when we 
formulate our plans we will go into it. 
Abneesh Roy 
And sir the last question is on the LATAM margins those have been a bit 
volatile 2%, 7%, 9% in the last three quarters what is the sustainable 
margins one should factor in for the full year? 
Shashank Sinha 
The Latin American is quite a seasonal part of the business, if you see the 
first, second and third quarter, the third quarter is much more of the high 
season, as I mentioned earlier during the call that Christmas and season 
around Christmas tends to be the high spending seasons for consumers 
and I think that’s where we see healthier margin. I think on a sustainable 
basis we are looking at a sustainable margin 8-10%. 
Adi Godrej 
No but once we acquire new acquisition our overall Latin American 
margins will improve quite considerably both because of synergy and 
because of operations. 
Abneesh Roy 
And sir one last one on the UK 43%, sales growth how much is it ex-
currency. 
P Ganesh 
Ex-currency is about 25. 
Abneesh Roy 
And what is reason for the smart upticks here? 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 26 of 39 
Shashank Sinha 
I think in the UK business while the economy has been quite tough we 
have had an excellent pipeline of local initiative including new products. I 
think as Mr. Godrej had mention during the introductory part of the speech. 
There are three key brands they have all done very well such as Touch of 
Silver, Bio-oil and Cuticura and in each one of them we have had very 
good trade reception. We have been able to lift our products. We have 
been able to bring very good promotions and new products in the market. 
So I think it is off a low base, I think you must understand that but clearly 
this kind of growth is exceptional in that economic environment. 
Abneesh Roy 
And there is no one-off in this apart from the low base? 
Shashank Sinha 
No. 
P. Ganesh 
I would like to just add over here is that typically being winter months Q3 
tends to be able the lower seasons as far as Keyline is concerned. Just as 
Q3 happens to be the main season being summer months for the Latin 
business, it is converse for Keyline. 
Moderator 
The next question again a follow-up from the line of Amnish Agarwal from 
Motilal Oswal Securities, . 
Amnish Agarwal 
Sir, my question is regarding the Darling acquisition where you had 
indicated that in the first phase you will be taking up 45% stake, which will 
increase to 70% in the second phase and 100% thereafter and you will 
also increase a stake from 51 to 100. So if you look at say the coming year 
or the current year that is FY12. So what will we be first doing, will we be 
increasing our stake from 55 to 100 or we will be moving from 45 to 70. 
Adi Godrej 
Let’s not confuse two different things, one is the salience of the total 
company that we will acquire. So we have acquired three countries in the 
first phase, we will acquire some more in the second phase and the rest in 
the third phase. Now in each of these phases we will acquire 51%. Next 
we have the option over 3-5 years to go from 51-100%. 
Amnish Agarwal 
Okay and secondly sir for this second phase where we will be going from 
45% onwards in terms of the size of total business, what could be the 
outlay? 
Adi Godrej 
Unfortunately, we have our confidentiality clause with the sellers. So we 
can’t talk about the valuation of the acquisition. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Prithesh Chedda from Emkay Global. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 27 of 39 
Prithesh Chedda 
This is just a follow-up question, if you could tell us the net working capital 
cycle in the Indonesia, Africa and the Latin America businesses in terms of 
days? 
P. Ganesh 
At overall as well as the international businesses operate on positive 
working capital and country to country it does vary in terms of number of 
days. The basic differentiation versus an India business where we operate 
on negative working capital is a part that each of the geographies have a 
significant exposure to modern retail that is considerably credit 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of line Percy Panthaki from Daiwa. 
Percy Panthaki 
You have been talking about the synergies on the merger of GCPL and 
GHPL. Can you tell us a little bit on what exactly has happened on the 
ground as in have you merged certain distributors or are you allowing both 
the distributors to continue and secondly on your own sales system as it 
affects the ASMs or the sales officers for each of these regions are 
concerned are they also continuing separately or have you made some 
redundancies on that front as well. 
A. Mahendran 
As far as the process of merger goes, what we have done is at the 
managerial level, we have done integration within both businesses and we 
have also extended it at the officers level. We have not done anything at 
distributor level, but as we progress we might look at the distribution also 
but not at the moment. It was not a case to case basis 
Percy Panthaki 
So basically you are saying that there have been some redundancies 
within the company but at the distributor level basically the number of 
distributors have not reduced. 
A Mahendran 
Yes that is right. 
Percy Panthaki 
And what is the way forward on this, as in do you think that whatever work 
you had to do on the ground as respect to the synergies or merger has 
already been done or do you think there is some way forward in terms of 
some more actions to be taken from your side and if so what are they? 
A. Mahendran 
As far the synergies are concerned this process is set in motion and we 
are getting the benefits of both the businesses across distribution, 
penetration,  and differentiation ….. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 28 of 39 
Adi Godrej 
As work-in-progress we will continue to do more and it may continue for a 
while but however the synergistic benefits based on the strength of one 
business with the other for large retail is being already accomplished. 
Percy Panthaki 
So in that case what else is pending to do from your side, I mean if most of 
the benefits have already come in? 
Adi Godrej 
This is something which is confidential because a lot of people are 
involved, lot of our business partners are involved and we don’t want to 
make public statement. 
Vivek Gambhir 
There is a lot opportunity to leverage technology in a much better fashion 
and if we look at the last 12 months in spite of a fairly complex sales 
integration the good news here is that the team has shown that they can 
deliver very strong sales momentum while trying to integrate the platform 
and I think so we continue doing it in a more measure calibrated fashion 
while maintaining a sales momentum. 
Moderator 
We will now move on the second segment of the call. I will like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Godrej for opening remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
I will now start with my remarks on the announcement of acquisition of the 
majority stake in Cosmetica Nacional. As we have discussed before, we 
have been following a very disciplined and focused globalization approach 
which we call our 3 by 3 strategy – presence in 3 continents – Asia, Africa 
and Latin America through 3 core categories - home care, hair care and 
personal wash. Our 3 by 3 strategy starts with the premise that apart from 
tremendous opportunities available for growth in India, there are attractive 
opportunities available in other emerging markets as well. These emerging 
markets have characteristics and consumer demographics similar to India. 
With the economies of Indonesia, Africa and LATAM all expected to grow 
at more than 5% in real terms, we expect strong brands and businesses in 
these geographies to grow in healthy double digits in nominal terms, both 
in revenue and even more so in profits. 
In general, the integration of all the acquisitions that we have made so far 
has gone very well and in most cases, ahead of plan. Through our 
learnings over the last few years, we have been able to put together a best 
in class post merger integration process. We also appointed Shashank 
Sinha, who has decades of experience in international FMCG markets, as 
our head of International Operations. Supporting Shashank is a dedicated 
International Centre with experts providing value added support on HR, 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 29 of 39 
Finance, IT, Marketing and Supply chain optimization to our international 
businesses. Our acquisitions have been very value accretive for us. 
Latin America is an important part of our 3 by 3 strategy. We continue to 
expect Latin America to continue to deliver robust GDP growth in the next 
decade. As you may know, we have previously made 2 acquisitions in the 
region. These businesses have performed well and we have learnt a lot on 
what it takes to be successful in Latin America. We believe that the timing 
is opportune for us to scale up our presence in the region. Amongst the 
Latin American countries, Chile has the highest GDP PPP per capita and is 
amongst the five most populated countries in the region. It is expected to 
grow the fastest in South America in the next 5 years. 
Founded in 1979 by Fernando Garcia, Cosmetica Nacional is a Chilean 
hair color and cosmetics company, enjoying market leadership positions in 
Chile and Panama in the hair colourants category with strong heritage 
brand such as Ilicit and U2. Management estimates that the company has 
a volume share of about 33% and a value share of about 28% in the hair 
colourants category in Chile. The company also has a strong presence in 
the color cosmetics segment - Pamela Grant is the second largest brand in 
the colour cosmetics market with a value and volume share of about 16%.  
With a strong stable of heritage brands, we believe Cosmetica Nacional will 
significantly add value to our Latin American portfolio and will also provide 
valuable learnings to our India business. As you may know, per capita 
spend on personal care and cosmetics in many Latin American countries 
far exceeds the per capita spend in India. So, along with product learnings 
for the India portfolio, we hope to enhance further our understanding of the 
evolving role of beauty and personal care in consumer’s lives across 
different emerging markets.  
Additionally, we believe that we will be able to exploit synergies of scale 
between our Argentina business and Cosmetica; across procurement, 
manufacturing and some customer relationships. On the marketing front, 
Pamela Grant has been successfully extended from the colour cosmetics 
space into the hair colour space in Chile and we plan to leverage its 
strengths across Latin America. Similar, we believe the Issue sachet hair 
colour proposition could create a new price point in the belly of the Chilean 
hair colour market. 
The Cosmetica Nacional business had revenues of 36 million US dollars in 
calendar year 2011 and an EBITDA of 7.3 million US dollars. GCPL plans 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 30 of 39 
to purchase a 60% stake in Cosmetica Nacional for an equity value of 38 
million US dollars. We hope to close this transaction by early April. GCPL 
will get to 100% ownership in the business through a combination of call 
and put options in a 3-5 year period. 
Just like in some of our earlier acquisitions, the seasoned management of 
the Cosmetica will continue to manage the business. We will form cross-
functional teams in HR, Finance. Brand Management and Supply Chain. 
These teams will consist of both Cosmetica and GCPL international center 
team members who will work together to share learnings and find ways to 
further accelerate the growth trajectory. We will also initiate the process of 
evaluating the potential of taking other products from the Godrej portfolio to 
Chile. Finally, we will put the necessary control systems and processes in 
place so that these operations are well harmonized with our global 
operations 
We are confident that we have the right building blocks in place to propel 
GCPL towards its goal of becoming an emerging markets FMCG leader. 
Along with continuing to drive our domestic India business to full potential, 
we remain committed to capitalizing on the huge potential available to us in 
other attractive geographies. 
I now conclude my remarks and open the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. 
Moderator 
We have the first question from the line of Mr. Abneesh Roy from 
Edelweiss. 
Abneesh Roy 
We have bought 60% in this new acquisition and in Darling also our stake 
was lesser than 50% in the first phase. 
Adi Godrej 
Versus 51% in Darling. 
Abneesh Roy 
Correct, so is that a conscious decision that in all future acquisitions we 
will go like this so that the existing management also plays a big role in 
expansion is the conscious strategy from you or is that how the seller is 
selling. 
Adi Godrej 
No this is basically based on the seller’s preference. So we are quite 
willing to take 100% share in many of our acquisitions. In some cases we 
may prefer do it phases but by and large as you know most of the 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 31 of 39 
acquisition we have done 100% and we have to take into account the 
seller’s preferences too. 
Vivek Gambhir 
We also pay very close attention to set up the local team and in cases 
where the local team is very strong we are happy to do a phase wise 
acquisition as well. 
Abneesh Roy 
Sir we have existing businesses in South America, could you tell in terms 
of synergy how this acquisition adds value in terms of distribution, in terms 
of product knowledge. 
Adi Godrej 
I think there will be a lot of synergy across the geographies, there would be 
synergies in the export market. There will be synergies in product, 
technology, and procurement. So we see a lot of synergies and it will be 
very difficult for us to fully predict the synergies at this stage. We feel we 
will be able to harness a lot these synergies 6-9 months after we have 
taken over the Chilean operation. 
Abneesh Roy 
And is there any redundancy in terms of either manufacturing or say in 
distribution because of these foreign employees. 
Adi Godrej 
No we don’t expect any redundancy in fact we will be expanding our 
operations. 
Abneesh Roy 
There is a difference between your market share in value and volume 
terms. So is it because we are stronger in the mid to lower end of the 
segments? 
Adi Godrej 
To a certain extent I said there is not much difference between the value 
and volume shares but yes typically the international players such as 
L’Oreal tend to be have a higher shares at the very top end most countries 
including India and many other countries we operate. 
Vivek Gambhir 
And I think what is also interesting with this company is they actually have 
a range of brands that actually straddle all the various price points in the 
consumers segment and so you have Pamela Grant which is more of a 
premium hair color product launched recently doing quite well. In the mid 
segment they Illicit and U2 and in the bottom segment they have Addictive. 
So they have four very good brands that allow us to straddle the entire 
consumer pyramid. 
Abneesh Roy 
Sir in the recent acquisition if you see most of the focus in South America 
has been on hair care and hair color. We are kind of missing on the HI and 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 32 of 39 
completely on the soaps what is the reason for this does it mean that the 
gap of HI and soaps can get closed in the coming acquisition? 
Adi Godrej 
Soaps is not a category we use to expand very much in, while it is part of 
our platform; however, HI is, but it also depends on what are the 
opportunities in these countries. So basically say in Latin America the 
international HI, the multinational HI players are very strong. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Amnish Agarwal from Motilal Oswal 
Securities. 
Amnish Agarwal 
My first question is regarding the color cosmetics business which is say 
around 24% of the segment, so this is first entry of GCPL into color 
cosmetics. So where do you see this business going forward and how is 
the competitive intensity in Chile and some of the other markets in Latin 
America in this business. So is there scope to take this business to some 
of these countries and also are you planning to bring it to India? 
Vivek Gambhir 
It is a very interesting category and we will evaluate very closely what the 
potential of this category seems to be in India. Across Latin America, 
Pamela Grant is very well known name for premium cosmetics. The brand 
is doing quite well outside Chile as well, even our Argentina team has 
expressed their excitement in bringing Pamela Grant to Argentina, so 
definitely all across we see a lot of potential in expanding the brand. I think 
on India that is an open question but we will look at it very closely to see 
what the potential here might be. The quality of product is very strong for 
this brand. 
Amnish Agarwal 
And sir which is the key competitor for this brand in that market? 
Vivek Gambhir 
L’Oreal and some of the other MNC’s. It is the only major local player in 
color cosmetics in this segment in Chile. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Kuldeep Gangwar from HSBC.  
Kuldeep Gangwar 
86% of your revenue is coming from hair color and color cosmetics. Can 
you give value and volume market share in the respective categories. 
Shahshank Sinha 
The value market share in hair color is 28%. The volume market share is 
33%. In color cosmetics both value and market shares are 15% each. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Himani Singh from Elara 
Capital 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 33 of 39 
Himani Singh 
Sir I wanted to know, that in the first phase of this deal we are acquiring 
60% at $38 million, what would be the Phase-2, would we go completely 
100% or would it be Phase-2 and Phase-3 on this one? 
Vivek Gambhir 
No I think phase 2 will get to 100%. 
Himani Singh 
Sir I wanted to know since this company has presence in Chile and we 
have Argencos in Argentina and some parts of Brazil, how are we planning 
to synergize our presence of Argencos cost in Chile and Cosmetica in the 
rest of Latin America? 
Vivek Gambhir 
Both the teams will start working on developing a harmonized go-to market 
strategy, in some countries they may end up having much tighter 
collaborations, in some other countries it might be a very low level of 
collaboration, but I think the teams are going to be in close steps with each 
other and Argentinian team was activity involved in the diligence for this 
acquisition as well and I think that is something which they will work on to 
figure out how to best optimize their go-to-market strategy across the 
various Latin American markets. 
Shashank Sinha 
From our preliminary evaluation we see two big opportunities the 
Cosmetica business has a premium hair color brand which is Pamela 
Grant. We look to have that brand come into the Argentine business in the 
premium space and similarly as we said in the opening remarks we see an 
opportunity for the Issue sachet offering to be introduced into Chile. 
Vivek Gambhir 
And I think both of these operations believe that there is strong potential to 
grow outside the home markets and we believe that the more these 
businesses collaborate they will be able to accelerate the growth plan 
further in these markets outside the home markets. 
Himani Singh 
You see this acquisition consolidating by which quarter? 
Shashank Sinha 
Q1FY13. 
Himani Singh 
And do you see seasonality in the Cosmetica business in the Latin 
American space? 
Shashank Sinha 
Typically the Christmas season as it were October, November, and 
December would be the strongest period of the year and January, 
February, and March would be relatively weaker. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line of Nillai Shah from Morgan Stanley.  

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 34 of 39 
Nillai Shah 
Sir when I look at this dilution which you are doing effectively to pay down 
these acquisition debt you are basically saying that you are ready to dilute 
at cost of equity of about 13-14% to pay down acquisition debt which is 
probably yielding at present sub-10% ROCE. How would you respond to 
this in terms of value creation for the future? Why dilute and sell down 
equity at what effectively is very close to the current market price when in 
the previous presentation and previous forums you have indicated a very 
strong synergistic opportunities for your acquisitions? 
Adi Godrej 
No, we continue to believe that our acquisitions will be strong will be 
synergistic, will be very accretive, and we continue to believe that this 
raising of capital from Temasek will add very considerably to our earnings 
per share, improvement. So overall it would be extremely beneficial for our 
continuing shareholders. It would be extremely beneficial for the company 
and it is very important that as we are growing very rapidly we follow 
prudent financial practices so sometimes perhaps in the interest of 
prudence it is better to be safe than sorry. 
Nillai Shah 
So 1:1 debt-equity is a little too high for your liking at this point in time 
based on the current macroeconomic environment. 
Adi Godrej 
No because we are concerned that since the rupee might fluctuate we 
don’t want to get into a situation of a very high debt-equity ratio, also we 
are planning for our second and third phases of the Darling acquisition. 
Nillai Shah 
Okay got you sir and in terms of the ROCEs how do you see this panning 
out over the next 3-5 years? 
Adi Godrej 
We expect ROCEs will keep improving over the next few years. 
Nillai Shah 
So definitely above the cost of capital which you diluted at right now. 
Omar Momin 
Absolutely, if you look at each of our acquisition to date for the operating 
businesses the ROCEs are well and excess of 35-40% which is typical for 
FMCG businesses as soon as we have our acquisition debt paid down, the 
ROCEs for each of these businesses as well as overall GCPL as a whole 
will be back to the levels they were before we started without these 
acquisitions. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Upganawar from Spark 
Capital. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 35 of 39 
Ashish Upganawar 
Just wanted to know what are the put and call options that have been 
mentioned in the presentation on this Chilean acquisition? 
Omar Momin 
There is mix of put and call option from both the sellers and GCPL in a 3-5 
year period and the evaluation is at a pre-agreed formula. So that is the 
basis for the second phase of the 40% acquisition. 
Ashish Upganawar 
So the valuation for the next 40% ,it would be benchmark to something 
and would it be near the 60% stake that we have taken 9-10 EV/EBITD,A 
with that kind of number, or it could vary considerably from that. 
Omar Momin 
It will allow similar line but we can’t disclose the exact formula. 
Ashish Upganawar 
Okay what would be historical growth rate on revenues and historical 
EBITDA margins may be for last 3-4 years for this company. 
Omar Momin 
The historical revenues have been growing in at about 15% in the last 3-5 
years. EBITDA margin have improved to the current 20% from about 15% 
as they have acquired and integrated successfully the Pamela Grant 
business into their company. 
Ashish Upganawar 
Okay and you have given category growth rates for the two bigger 
categories hair color and cosmetics. So is it safe to assume this 15% 
growth would continue or anything else to share on that. 
Adi Godrej 
It is difficult for us to project future growth but we expect growth to be 
good. Now it’very difficult to project future growth and we avoid projecting 
anything in our company as you know we don’t give guidance. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Kuldeep Gangwar from HSBC, . 
Kuldeep Gangwar 
Yes one clarification, USD 38 million is being paid for this 60% stake is it 
right? 
Omar Momin 
Yes. 
Kuldeep Gangwar 
Second question  - the 19% YOY growth which is being mentioned, is local 
currency growth or INR growth? 
Omar Momin 
Local currency. 
Kuldeep Gangwar 
So that means if company is going at about 2x rate of the industry growth 
over there because you have mentioned hair color industry is going at 9%, 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 36 of 39 
color cosmetics 15%. So they are showing a double the rate of the industry 
over there? 
Omar Momin 
That is right because of the success of the recent launches that they have 
made. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Rohra from Quest Investment 
Advisors. 
Deepak Rohra 
Thank you sir, thanks for taking the question, just coming back to this put 
and call option over a 3-5 period, is it possible that the existing owners for 
whatever reasons, since there is a pre-agreed formula and let’s say the 
GCPL management decides not to exercise the entire right to buyout, is it 
possible that they will end up earning a small earning a small equity as 
such or it is that you are just going to go head and buy it. 
Adi Godrej 
It is entirely up to us, they have a put option to a certain timing and we 
have a call option. It’s entirely up to us, we can ensure that it goes to 100% 
based on our call option. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan, . 
Kaustubh Pawaskar 
Sir is there any debt on the books of Comestica and what kind of tax rate 
Latin America has? 
Omar Momin 
Yes, there is a debt of $5 million on the books of the company and the tax 
rate in Chile is about 18%. 
Moderator 
 We have the next question from the line of Sundar S from Spark Capital . 
Sundar S 
My first question is regarding Fernando Garcia, what was the reason for a 
sell-out, we know previously you told us it is for expansion but if we look at 
this particular company they have sustained market share despite MNC 
presence. So what exactly was the reason to sell? 
Omar Momin 
I think it is a mix of two things, one as a family they wanted to cash out of 
the business that they have created and the second thing is that in terms 
of technology a  partnership with the global player will createg much more 
value for them in the future than it has in the past. Hence to to capitalize 
on a combination of these, they are looking at a staggered exit. 
Sundar S 
The “do it yourself market”, the one reason we don’t see cosmetics 
growing in India is basically because we do not have a high ‘do it yourself’ 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 37 of 39 
market base, we are still parlor oriented. So I was just trying to get this 
perspective between what is the percentage of saloon-oriented and what is 
the percentage of “do it yourself” market in that particular country, Chile? 
Adi Godrej 
I don’t think that is the major reason, the major reason why the cosmetics 
business is very large in South America and the per capita consumption is 
very high, is the proclivity of the women there to cosmetics, and in India 
many women do not yet use cosmetics. Also the per capita income in Latin 
America is considerably higher than in India, that also adds to the high 
consumption. I don’t think the difference between professional parlor 
based consumption and at-home consumption is the reason for the 
difference. 
Shashank Sinha 
And I might like to add a point here The percentage of women in the 
workforce is significantly higher than in India and as women enter the 
workforce the propensity to use cosmetics on a day-to-day basis is 
significantly higher and therefore you have a much higher consumption of 
cosmetic per capita for example where they have higher percentage of 
women in the workforce. 
Sundar S 
And will the Chilean market be similar to the Argentinian market in case of 
inflation numbers that we are looking at? 
Omar Momin 
No it is very different inflation in Chile in the last 4-5 years has been in the 
range of about 4-5% in Chilean pesos which is very different from the 
Argentine case. 
Sundar S 
And is there is any backward integration between Cosmetica Nacional and 
Argencos sir? 
Omar Momin 
There are synergies in the manufacturing and procurements space there is 
no backhand integration. 
Sundar S 
Okay sir my final on the distribution if you could just shed some light out 
there as to how are these products distributed and what is the percentage 
of modern trade in it? 
Omar Momin 
In Chile modern trade that is responsible for this business is about 30% of 
the total and rest of the business is conducted through a mix of drug store 
and wholesalers. 
Sundar S 
So we do not have personal selling, as they want as it? 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 38 of 39 
Omar Momin 
Not in this business. 
Moderator 
 The next question is from the line Himani Singh from Elara Capital . 
Himani Singh 
Sir I just wanted to clarify the modern Trade is how much percentage. 
Omar Momin 
30%, for our business. 
Himani Singh 
And the rest is how? 
Omar Momin 
Perfumeries, drug store and wholesalers. 
Himani Singh 
And what would be the indicators for distributor margin there? 
Adi Godrej 
That varies a lot but generally distribution cost in Latin America are 
considerably higher than in India but gross margins also are much higher. 
Himani Singh 
Sir how is the pattern of A&P spends there? 
Adi Godrej 
A&P spend currently is not very high but we expect, we will try and grow 
the business faster and probably invest more in A&P. 
Himani Singh 
What is the growth that we would be targeting at since Mr. Godrej 
mentioned that we would be spending by A&P, what is the growth that you 
are more comfortable with? 
Adi Godrej 
I have mentioned we don’t provide guidance but we expect to try and 
accelerate the growth. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Deepak Rohra from Quest 
Investment. 
Deepak Rohra 
I just want to check in terms of the balance ownership of 40% that is 
owned by the family is it? Or there are other shareholders, institutional or 
something? 
Omar Momin 
Just the family. 
Deepak Rohra 
Just the family, okay the other thing is in terms of acquisition you were 
saying that you are likely to use overseas debt for funding, there is no case 
for using internal accruals. 
Adi Godrej 
We will use our combination. 

 
 
Q3FY12 Conference Call Transcript  
 
 
Page 39 of 39 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Godrej for closing comments. 
Adi Godrej 
Well I would like to thank all of you for joining the call. I know it has been a 
long call because of the special announcements that we had besides our 
results we had the Temasek announcement and we had the Comestica 
Nacional acquisition announcement. Thank you for your patience and if 
you have any further questions, we would be very happy to answer them.  
Moderator 
 I would also like to hand the conference over to Mr. Makwana for closing 
comments. 
Jignesh Makwana 
Thank you all for joining the call. We thank the management for giving this 
opportunity to host the call and we wish them good luck for the future. 
Thank you that is all. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you Jignesh. 
Moderator 
On behalf of Godrej Consumer Products Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, you may disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
